792
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
March 19,
were to have all the slaves they captured. They
were to be delivered up to them specifically. The
Government failed to do it. But says the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sackett,] the Gov-
ernment could not make such contracts. Why
not? WhatprecludestheGovernmentfrom making
a contract while in a state of hostility? Is there
any constitutional prohibition? Why cannot they
make a contract of this sort, as well as a contract
to buy horses, mules, corn, and fodder? The
argument of the gentleman is, that the Government
cannot make any contract for the sale and delivery
of slaves, because they are not the subjects of
property, and "ought not to be recognized by them
as such, and therefore they cannot make a contract
in reference to them. They say the contx-act could
not be made by the Government, the subject-
matter being slaves, because slavery did not exist
among the Seminoles. How is that fact to be
ascertained? It is a simple fact, and how shall it
be proved and established ? It is to be established
by testimony alone. In Russia there are serfs
appendant to the soil. Every one recognizes that
fact. How is it established? By the testimony
of credible witnesses, by historians, by travelers,
and by persons cognizant of their customs, and
manners, and laws. Does the gentleman know
that Russia has serfs? He is bound to believe it,
because there is credible testimony to establish
that fact. The same kind of testimony which
establishes that there are serfs in Russia attached
to the soil, is here before this House, and in these
documents, to establish the fact that slavery evists
among the Seminoles. Here are witnesses—the
members of this House. Here is the history given
by the officers of this Government, who state the
fact that they were rich in slaves—rich in this
species of property. And yet this gentleman says
there is no evidence before this House going to
establish the fact of the existence of slavery among
the Seminoles.
Here, sir, is their history; a history given hy
the .officers of this Government, that they were
rich in slaves—rich in that species of property;
and yet the gentleman says there is no evidence.
There is as much evidence, Mr. Chairman—per-
haps notso muc.h,butit is of as strongacharacter—
which would equally induce belief in the mind of
every individual that slavery existed among the
Seminole Indians jt that time, as it exists now in
the State of Georgia. Just as much. Now, sir,
this being a fact, and being so recognized by the
Government, us I shall proceed to show you by
reference to a few official documents, the Govern-
ment had the power to make contracts in reference
to existing facts:
Tampa Bay, Jpril 18, U37.
My ncut Sir: li the citizens ot the Territory ha piu-
d^nt, th«\v;irm;i\ i><> ••ore-rflcr.-'d atan end ; bill any attempt
to nirerirrij with hwhan or to arre.-t any of the
chiefs or vv.trijor-, oirlif-r as cum-rial* or debtors, would
cause an immediate report to ho-tiliuev The nogroes con-
trol their mn-.t'Tv. * + *
Mo-t rruly your*, 7'H. S. JESf.T.
His Excellency It K. (' a i,r.
Governor of Florida, TaUcJws->ee.
Here then, sir, is the relation of master estab-
lished, and that in a communication made !<y
Thomas 8. Jesup, in IS37, "The negroes on-
troltheir Indian masters." There the 'right h es-
tablished by the recital of that fart. Here is  
right to control, but the fact of control may be dis-
puted. That is in issue:
St. Aooustive, Jul•} 7,163..
Colonel: There now no obligation to spate the
property of the Indian,'-h.ivc not spared that of the'
citizens; their n-V'^o, and horn^, a- wcji other
property which thoy pn.-«e^. will belong to tls<; oo*pv !>y
which they may be '-.ipnaed. Tlie prooeru «,t cuil ■
Which may he raptured wiil h- rc-l-jred t  tiVn .
1 am, &C., Til. e .n^rr
Colonel John Warkln, Ftondn Mihti
St, I-'lorivf,
^ This is in Ji'jy. 1S3 (. " Ali the Indians' pro-!
' perty will belong 10 the captors. The SeiiHii-'les i
have large herds ot" cattle and horses, am! sevrral !
' negroes." All that property, ai:d anioii" their !
Dropertythey have " cattle, horses, and neurotr."
-Hut 1 ha\e another authority hei e, sir; fci,* I >
not turi'to it, because I ovri'tted to turr don i. tiic I
page. It is a communication from General Tr.v-
,or to one of the heads of the Denartmsnts of the
Government. He states, slr, that there whs sla-
very among the Seminoles; and I think General
Taylor may be regarded as a mu.ch holier author-
ity than the gentleman from New York or from
Pennsylvania. General Taylor recognized the fact
and the Government has recognized the fact, that it
was competent in a state of war, and the United
States being a party to that war, to contract with
proper agents to plunder and forage on the prop-
erty of the enemy, iind take whatever property
that enemy might have had in its possession. But
it is said, Mr. Chairman, that there is another fact
not established in this case; the fact of capture by
the Creek Indians themselves of any property be-
longing to the Seminole Indians. It has btH'i al-
leged that this has not been established by compe-
tent and sufficient proof. I read further:
TampaBay, September 9, ]?37.
Sir: You will mu&ter the Creek regiment cut oi sei-
vicp, and honorably discharge them ; then you will proceed
tu New Oileans and obtain lunds> to pay the Creeks f«r the
captured n'egroe-. 1 * * *
TH. S. JESUP.
Lieutenant F Sc.vrij:,
dieting liiMtant Inspeclms; General.
Jinny of Ike South, Tampa Buy.
j| Here, sir, then, the fact is established hyVUiis.
! communication, made by General Jesup, that Ira
|j First Regiment aided arfd assisted, and were pres-
jj ent at the capture of the negroes, and $8,000 was
paid for them. Now, Mr. Chairman, this claim
has been repeatedly acknowledged by the different
Departments of this Government, but it is said
| that there is no evidence here going to establish a
further fact that General Watson ever paid to these
Ind ians the amount stipulated for the negroes—that
he ever paid the $14,600. But, sir, there i* most
ample proof, of the most credible and competent
character before this committee, to establish that
fact. 1 have rhe proof here, which is in this paper.
It is the deposition of William Armstrong; and I
will ask the gentleman to read it, as it is very long,
and it would take up too much of the time of this
committee to read the whole of it tu them. I will
refer to a portion of it. He states the fact that
General Watson paid the money to him as the
agent of (he Creeks, and he paid it out to the
Creeks themselves in the country to which they
had removed. Here, then, is a deposition to es-
tablish the fact, without the least ambiguity of
language or equivocation of expression. Here,
sir, is a recommendation of the Secretary of War:
" John .Bell, the Secretary of War, ordering that
these negroes be delivered up to Watson ;M thus
recognizing that the contract was of a binding
character. They were not delivered up. Further:
Here is a recommendation of the Ways and
Means Committee, and here is the opinipn of
General Arbuckle, that this valid claim ought to
be paid. Watson is entitled to the money on the
contract—a t%bana fide'* contract—that "lie paid
his money upon that contract, and that he ought
to receive the damages which he had sustained
from the failure of a performance of that contract.
Now, what was that contrac' ? Why, it was,
that Watson should have those negroes delivered
to /ti'/i, who were taken and <-nptured by the Creek
Indians, fhr the Government of the United States
then had these negroes in then* possession—they
were under their e.jtire coe'rol—they were all
ar. their disposal—they were held bv the Govern-
ment. Now, sir, the Government, holding this
property, and being anxious to dispose of its obli-
gations with the Cieek Indians, desired to procure
some person to purchase the Indians' rights to
these negroes, so that they should not be a bone
of contention among the Creek Indiana mid the j
other Indians when they went west; and Watson j
agieed to give them <*14,600 for theL:e negroes, and
an order was issued for their de'iverv. "But they
were not dehsered. !>o bv this eo/tuaci. with 1
Watson, the Government was (Usch^
obligation.- to the Creeks. They
Watson's money. Thn° the
div:h ntred from any further
no contract on the part of the Government. It was
only a contract to give an order that the negroes
should he delivered up.
Mr. JOHNSON. I contend, Mr. Chairman,
j! that there was a contract on the part of the Gov-
{. ernment. The Government having contracted
;; with these Creek Indians, they having possession
, of these negroes, it was part of their contract to
, deliver them to the Creeks; and I say, sir, that if
these negroes were proper subjects for plunder, and
i' the Government had the control of this plunder,
<\ was it not the duty of the Government to deliver
j; the plunder taken? Could they discharge them-
selves from their contract in any way? The Creeks
h came forward to sell their claim by the consent of
j Commissioner Harris, with his full knowledge and
■ j approval, as is shown by these papers, and to
j' transfer their rights to Watson, and the Govern-
j; ment being in possession of the negroes, were they
not under obligation to deliver them to Watson5
' Why, just as much as a man is obliged to pay a
!; note which he has indorsed when it is due. It
i was a contract entered into by the Government to
|; deliver up these negroes, and they failed to deliver
h them up. Here, sir, is a breach of contract on the
j, part of the Government, and we are entitled to
!| damages, and could recover damages before any
J - court of justice—before any judge or jury. It
|; seems to me, sii, that these circumstances estab-
! lish a breach of contract on the part of the Gov-
| ernment. Why, they say, " do not pay Watson
: anything." Why? Because he ought to have
| given sixty or seventy thousand dollars for these
| negroes, and as long as he will not do that the
; Government will not pay him back. Who made
i the first contract with the Indian*? Why, Gen-
! era! Jesup, and he consented to give them *8,000,
j but Watson was to give them ^14,000. " Who
' was giving them the most? Why, Watson. But
■ if we were before a judge and jury, in a civil suit,
. the amount of damages which we should be en-
j! titled to recover, would notbetheamountof money
j; paid as a consideration, but the value of rhe prop-
j erty; and. sir, the Government is, according to the
| rules laid down, liable to us for the value of the
i property at the time it should have been delivered.
j1 We say now, pay us back what we have paid:
but no commiseration is felt for us. You have
j; got our money without consideration, and it has
11 been paid to the Creeks; you have not delivered
I; the property; you have not complied with vour
!' contract, and both in law and in equity, it would
ii be requiied that you should pay back that consid-
j, eration with interest. Pay us back our money
I which we have paid at your instance, and do not
i examine into the validity of the contract—uo not
ti go into the matter of the contract, for it is not our
II fault. Pay; us back what we have paid. They
|| say it was illegal, because the subject-matter was
|| slaves. Well, suppose it were illegal; suppose
/that selling the-se Waves was illegal; suppose no
; slaves existed there, ami suppose all these facts,
,' the Government has got our money without dis-
! charging its obligations to us: without performing
j its part of the contract which it ought to have
; done, and what every honest man would do. The
| Government should not put up the illegality of the
ji contrjct, and keep us out of our money. They
should not say that this is not a proper contract,
but we ha\ e got your money and we wi1! not ray
it back now and will keep n.
Why, Mr. Chairman, gentlemen get up here
and talk about kings and queens. They talked
aooui
who
Abraham and Bowlegs reig
T7!
:or:Ja 
.'•gen iron] us
h:id received
nernmeni was
ligaiin.i to the
| Cm-ks, but thc\ were i<nd<-r obligat'on to Wa?-
. son to^ de'iver these negroes. But die Govern- ■
ment (ailed to dehver the negroes. It was part of >
its obligation to deliver ihem to the Creeks, or j
to the of the Cheeks but they delivered
ihem to neither.
Mr, WELCH. The gentlemt:. wih ^low me,
as I understand the fa.;tv of tin-, cav:. There was
no contract made on the ;-art of Government. The :
contract was made between the Indian-:, by their
agent, and Geneial Watson. j
Mr, JOHNSON. No, with the Indians them- t
selves. !
Mr WELCH. It was made with the Indians j
themselves—bat that is immaleriah There was ^
ere going by Watson to h:j sold—that hc-
v/as goin^ to reduce them to eternal bondage.
They wete already m bondage, and are now.
They have a-one to the Wfst as the slaves of the
Ind ians; but with s.ome gentlemen it is no matter
nbout their beinc: m shivery so long as they do not
nen. Wh\e owned 1-v In-
helong to Southern rnen. Wh\e owned
dians, it is all nirht. Thc-re wouM be no refusal
to pay back the Indians under such circumstances,
because they held negroes m l ond"L-e; bo? when
a claimant fiom the S^ate of Georgia contracts
villi them, it is oe'-lared that the consideration
not legal: that it was not a matter of contract;
slavery did not exist there; we will k,jep 3-our
■ money. They go on still further, and talk about
1 eternal bondage—about plunder and about prison-
ers of war. In the course of war, wc can make
prisoners. We can take white people in a. state
of hostility prisoners of war. We can make
Mexicans prisoners of war, and take their prop-
