796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
herewith enclosed. All other papers or transactions in re-
lation to this matter it is presumed that j'ou are apprised of.
ft will ba seen by the communication fim referred to, that
it w&s.not known at Washington, at the date of that letter,
that the Cieek warriors had been paid for the negroes.
* + * x -[ * * * W *
I am, sir, with much respect, vour obedient servant,
M ARBUCKLE, Brvt. Brig. Gen. U. S. Jl.
To Captain W. Armstrong, Acting Superintendent W.
Territory, Choctaw Agency.
Here is a letter dated in August, in which it is
stated that a communication had been received
from the Secretary of War and from the head of
the Indian Bureau, expressly repudiating the idea
that the Government had any knowledge of this
transaction.
Mr. DANIEL. Ifthegentlemanwill allow me,
I will call his attention to a very ereat inconsist-
ency under which he labors. When I referred
him to the letter of Judge Iverson, a man of high
character and standing, he said it was merely a let-
ter, and not an affidavit. It did not serve his pur-
pose to take into consideration the fact stated by
Judge Iverson, but it does serve his purpose to
take into consideration the mere statement, and
not the affidavit, of General Arhuckle.
Mr. SACKETT. Weil, if this claim is to be
supported upon such criticism or evidence as that,
I am entirely willing to submit it to the committee
without further debate. What is the differenr e ?
Why, one is the indefinite recollection of an indi-
vidual having no connection with the transaction
whatever, fourteen years afterwards; and the other
is the responsible correspondence of the Secretary
of War and the head of the Indian Bureau. If
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel]
cannot see the difference in the character of the
evidence, I have no doubt but this committee will.
I think I have shown satisfactorily, that the Gov-
ernment never had anything to do with the ma-
king of this contract. But, on the contrary, 1
have shown, by evidence which would be satisfac-
tory, I think, to any jury in the world, that, to
say nothing of participation, they did not even
know anything about the transaction.
I have now shown the nature and character of
the original contract; the immateriality of the
proposition of General Jesup in relation to the
$8,000; and that the Government was not connect-
ed with this contract.
Mr. DANIEL. If the gentleman wants to get
at the point, I will read a letter from J. R. Poin-
sett. It is not necessary to read the whole letter,
but I will read this part:
k- Mr. Wat^o  -"s chum ari-cs under the contract made by
G"n« ral .Tc^up with the Creok warrior*, which vva.-< sanc-
tioned by tin* Department, and the appropriation asked for
is reijimod to enable the Department to comply with that
contract, and to carry it into effect, and upon its being met
by Congress, this claim will also be paid.1'
This is a letter addressed to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, John W. Jones.
Mr. SAC1CETT. What is its date5
Mr. DA XIEL. July 11th, 1840.
Mr. SACKETT. Yes, three years after this
transaction, and a letter asking a general appropri-
ation in relation to the Florida war, but having
nothing to do with the merits of this case; it does
not relate to tins contract.
Mr. DANIEL. It is signed by Joel R. Pom-
sett, and I suppose it is m his handwriting.
Mr. SAClvETT. It is like ail the rest of the
evidence in the ea?e; and we need not back ro
1810, to £et evidence that these efforts are still
continued on the part of certain individuals, to se-
cure to General W.vson, who made this contract,
the reimbursement of this money out of the Treas-
ury of the United States, upon which, in my
judgment^ he has no more claim than any other
losing speculator; that is still the very subject-mat-
ter now under consideration before us. There
was no evidence m that letter as to whether the
Government had tujy thing to do with this contract
with General Watson. Not a word. It is in re-
lation to the contract made by General Jesup with
Indians, m relation to their becoming aliies of
the UfOvernment iii the Florida war. Not a word
i.-, gallon to tins vo.itract. It is for you to give
it r uruader construction, if you choose. I can find
no ground tor doing bo. Give it its broadest and
fullest construction, aad u is the construction of the
Secretary War as to the validity of the contract
ofGeneic1! Jesup, which is aotnowm controversy.
Wed, sir, we ho.ve heard of such things as Secre-
tary giving construction to contracts that Con-
greqv c'd not wkp U is & construction as
to the validity of a contract made by General -
Jesup, if you choose, but it has nothing to do with j
the question now underconsideration. As I stated j
at the time of the interruption by the gentleman !
from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] I have j
shown the nature of the contract; theimmateriahty j
of the proposition of General Jesup in relation to I
this matter; I have shown that the Government j
had nothingtodo with the making of this contract; ,
and as to these points 1 now leave them. !
There are other considerations connected with
this matter that are worth consideration; they ;
are cotemporaneous acts, which shed, at least,
some light upon it. !
On the 6th of March, 1837, the Government of .
vhe United States, through its proper authorities, j
made a treaty with the Seminole Indians. By that !
treaty, sir, which was made about two months :
before this contract of Watson was made, the ,
Government agreed with the Seminoles, to guar- j
antee these very negroes to them, and that they j
should go with them to the West. This treaty !
was made after the entire services of the Creek 1
Indians. They actually went into the service in |
December, 1836, and were mustered out of service :
in September, 1837, before any hostilities took
place between the Government and the Seminoles
after this treaty. The treaty, I say, was made
on the 6th of March, and its provisions, as con-
tained in article fifth, are as follows:
u Art. 5. Major GeneraJ Jesup, on behalf of the United
States, agrees that the Seminoles and their allies, who come
in and emigrat to the West, shall be secure in their Jives
and property; that their negroes, their bona fide propeity,
shall accompany them to the West; and that their cattle
and ponies shall be paid for by the United States, at a fair
valuation.1'
Now, sir, what are we told? That after Gen-
eral Jesup had reported this treaty to the Govern-
ment at Washington; after every department of
the Government were entirely familiar with this
solemn compact, by which the very piopcrty in
controversy here had been guarantied to the Semi-
noles, that this very Government, by the Secretary
of War and Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
were making a contract—that Watson, in violation
of solemn treaty obligations, should absolutely
take the properly itself, and that the army should
deliver it to him by force. Was there ever a
greater absurdity ? It is a charge against the late
Secretary of War and Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, which, if true, would be just ground of
impeachment—a charge that they were, while in
the public service, unlawfully and clandestinely
trying to violate a solemn treaty of the Govern-
ment. Sir, I am happy to say there is no evidence
of such conduct on their part.
What, sir, has it come to this, that our highest
officers are to be charged with clandestined schemes
against the treaties of peace of the country. What
higher offense could be charged against these men ?
Here was a solemn compact—and they had not
one particle of authority of law to .nake, counte-
nance, or encourage any contract whatever, or to
hind the Government in any way, and s'lll, with-
out proof, for the purpose of sustaining tins claim,
they are charged with this gross violation of duty,
viz: That they did in the face of this treaty, and
with the full knowledge that it was m violation of
its provisions, make, or cause to be made, a con-
tract to take from trie Seminoles the property the
Government had, by treaty, only two months be-
fore guarantied to them, and give and tonvey it to
a stranger. They either were guihv of all this or
they did nothing. Is there no evidence in this
case against so "violent a presumption : Does the
distinguished gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Daniel] see nothing in this tending to show that
the Government could have had nothing to do with
the contract?
Mr. DANIEL. I understand aoorf that, and
there I think the gentleman is laboring under a
misapprehension. His earnestness to defeat this
bill causes him to see everything in a distorted
view. I think there is something in th:<r contract
to operate upon, without operating upon these
negroes, which by a previous contract with Gen-
eral Jesup, belongs to the Creek warrior^. There-
were other slaves that surrendered themselves with
the Seminoles at the time, and undoubtedly that
contract referred to those slaves, t-nd not to the
slaves which had been caotured under the previous
arrangement made between General J
the Creek warriors.
Mr- JOHNSON, of Georgia
and
sup
Gtnural Jesup
I did, subsequently to the making of that contract
! with the Creeks, enter into a treaty with theSemi-
| noles themselves; and prior to making the treaty
with the Seminoles, the rights of these Creeks had
attached, by the capture of this property. Then
General Jesup makes the treaty, in which he stip-
ulates that the negroes, the property of the Semi-
noles, should accompany them to their Western
homes. Now admit that General Jesup has made
a contract, and that one conflicts with the other,
our rights attaching in the mean time, it may in-
volve him in inconsistency, but it cannot defeat
our lights.
Mr. SACKETT. There is no inconsistency
on the part of General Jesnp. He makes this
treaty, reports it to the Government^ it is agreed
to by the Government as a treaty between the
Seminoles and the Government of the United
States, in which the Government agree that these
verynegroes, the property of theSemmolcs, should
go to the West with them. It is not claimed here
that this treaty of General Jesup applied to any-
thing which was not the property of the Seminoles,
and there was not a single ne^ro which it applied
to taken between the 6th of March, and the time
when this contract of Watson's was made. There-
fore, the evidence is complete and perfect, that the
Government had contracted in relation to this
property by treaty, which was well known to its
officers anci to Greneral Watson, and I contend
this precludes the idea of any participation in this
contract.
Another point, and I address myself now, not
so much to the legal acumen of the House, not so
much to the lawyers of the committee, as to the
common sense of all. This property, if property
at all, as claimed here—this claim, if a valid claim
ata!l, covers property worth some "$60,000. Those
who advocate the claim, and th« se who oppose it,
do not disagree about its value, as 1 he evidence
itself proves that point. The purchaser knew all
about, the condition of that property. Knowing
this, and being perfectly acquainted with both
propositions, its value and condition, he purchased
that property for $14,600.
Now, sir, I ask any member of this committee,
as a matter of fair inference, fair understanding,
and bringing his mind to bear upon the original
transaction, if it is not plain that a man purchas-
ing property under such circumstances, intends to
take the risk upon himself, and intend to rely upon
the guarantee of this trihe of Indians, as to the va-
lidity of title, Is it possible we can close our eyes
so tight, as not to see, that if a man purchases,
with his eyes open, property worth five times the
amount which he gives, and enters into a contract
in which the CJnited States is by no means a party,
he intends to take that contract upon himself?
What are we to do ? Turn aiound after the space
of fifteen or sixteen years, and say that this inten-
tion shall be reversed, because he was not fortu-
nate in his speculation—because he did not succeed
m making the speculation which he thought he
should make out of it, and say that the Govern-
ment of the United States will make up his loss?
What possible interest has the Government of the
United States, in any event, in this property? Ad-
mit the broadest construction claimed upon the
other side, and the Government of the United
States never had a single shilling of interest m it,
in any form whatever. Suppose that it was a legit-
imate subject of contract, and suppose that it was
proper for General Jesup, under the laws of the
country, to make such a contract, and give it the
construction sought to be placed upon u, upon
the other side, and what mteict-'t was the Govern-
ment, in any event, to have m the property ' Not
one farthing, m any form whatever. If these ne-
groes belonged to the Creeks, it was because they
had captured them, and we have nothing to do
with them—were not, bv the contract, bound to
keep them for an hour. If we were bound to keep
thein, we were as much bound for ten yeais a.s
ten days. We had no lawful possession of them
except as prisoners of war.
It will be seen from the presentation of the
points in this case, that the Government of the
united States never assumed any direct responsi-
bility in regard to this matter. The purchaser here
purchased the character of pioperty that he claims.
If he lost £>ut of it, ii wos his own loss; and if he
gained by the speculation, as he thought that he
wouM, it was Ins speculation. In either event,
the Government had neither claim nor liability.
