1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
1 do nnt know that it will be profitable to detain j:
•he committee any longer upon this subject. Per- ij
haps, ps proper to the elucidation of the subject, I I'
oug-ht to say a word upon another point; and I {
a:u sorry to say, that its presentation has a little i!
Komethine: to do with the slavery view of theques- ['
lion; but it is necessary to the understanding of jf
the subject. It is this: As to whether slavery ex- I;
isted m Florida at ailAs I have said before, the i
presumption of Jaw is against it. I think no !.
lawyer will gainsay the proposition, that under the |:
Constitution and laws of the United States the j.
presumption is against the existence of slavery. ^
i lay that down as a legal proposition. Under the I
law of some of the States, the question of color i
determines that question; hut under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, the presumption is in r
favor of freedom.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I would ask the
gentleman if it is not a rule of law, sanctioned by :
the Supreme Court of the United States, that in "
making their decisions they follow the decisions
made in the States: '
Mr, SACKETT. It is as the gentleman states
it. Of course they would be governed by thelaws 1
of the State when they do not conflict with the 1
Lnws of Congress. That does not touch this point .
at all. This point stands clear of ail construction j:
from State authority or jurisdiction. It is an im- !'
portant pioposition, and one to be settled by the [,
Constitution and laws of the United States; the ;
laws of the Government that declare that all men '
are bom free and equal. The question whether j
slavery existed among the Sermnoles is a very
wide field and very important subject for con-
sideration, in which nothing can be taken by pre-
sumption—nothing can betaken by inference. It
is a question to be determined by the absolute ex-
istence or non-existence of law; no presumption '
can create s'averyamomrthese Indians,butit must
be established bv proof of existing law. If slavery f|
exists . hero at ail, the question will naturally arise, '
what kind of slavery existed there' What sort ,,
of bondage was it: Was it the bondage of the
African race, or the bondage of the Seminole '
roce: Was it slavery from year to year, or was
it slavery from generation to generation: Was
it slavery by which. the parties enslaved became '
liberated al>er a certain period of timer How was j
the relation or' the enslaved to be changed by this
operation of General Watson?
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Johxson] .
alluded  o the letter of General Taylor, in winch ,
he made a statement in reference to this transtc- 1
tion. Without taking time to read the letter. I wsll
only state that General Taylor washed his hands
entirely of this transaction. He did not consider
that these men were slaves. I will read the letter,
however:
Ur.ADQrA.RTf-'R-: \emv of the rfnt'TH, ) i
Tampa, (Florida,) June '2, 1638. > 1
Gen'ep.al: [have the honor to acknowledge your com- i
ijiyrncatmrt of the 10th of Mav, 18.*3. accompanied by on**
of the 9rh, from the Commissioner of Indian Alftjr*, nd- |
rir" >-(.'d to Capt \in Coo;v;. aet i n? Secietaiy ot VV ai, on the ]
saoj.'-ct oftmmnff over certain negroes captured by the
Crcc-k wamois in Honda to a Mr. Collin-", iht-ii as>-;nt, in :
eoinphauee woh an engiizeweut of General .Te^up
f know nothing of the ne^roe* in question, nor of the sub-
net, ruithrr than w hat is contained in the communication
i- , hut I nm-t «>utp di^tiuctlv. ior the mior-
inanon o! nil eonc^inod. that, whilr* i miall hold jip.m'K
e\er tendv ro do the utmo-t in uiv power tit uet the Indians
a id tiiu: ne<rroo-> out ot Honda, as well as to remove them
to li-eir new*homes \vr*t ot the Mi^issippu I cann-it l-u a
mo'.!' nt consent to meddle m ihi« transaction, oi to he con-
cerned r'« r the benefit ot Mr. Collins, the Creek Indians, or
mv one <'l-e ; or \-> jnlri fere, in am wa\ , between the In- ;
dmn- ana t!>- neaio^s. whteh mav have a tendency to de-
-niv   t!1" ;>>rmei "of their property, and reduce the latter
from a toinpaiative ^taie of rnvdoin to tnat oi s!a\erj ; at
' v-Mall like rrerv m'-aii" to obtain and re-
r Hie Indians! who
=:ue,e i
-ton
la
ful ou n>'i aiu >lave among
a« Mwowded oi h^en eaptmed bv them
\nv re-()eet!uiU , 1 hasethehonoi to.be. «trera., your
bedjeni *<-x\ mi. , 1 A> iy- 'V
r>- fl-ji. Ciu'cil Slates .irirtiiscount'cnrftni.
W Adjutant ttcncni! VtuteJ States Jn.-nj,
, D
U,
J;"
i:t! U .!.>
i^invj.'ou
Thai was .-.ometlung like a year after the trans-
notion.
In October, 1S3£. this whole transaction, so tar
"s tliis contract is concerned> is still in the dark;
am) even at that late day, Mr. Collins, the a^ent,
writes in the Secretary ul'War, to see n some
airaiiiceuieht eaniiot he made with the Creeks, so
m to enable hi  pijinpal to pet hismoney back.
The iollo\vin<? is hi*? letter:
Tt"iKF«i.E, (Alabama,) Qitober 18,183S.
Sir: I have previously advised you of my failure, as
agent of the Creek warriors, m obtaining possession of the
Semmole negroes that you had directed to be turned over
to thein, and the difficulties and opposition that attended it.
1 have now to request, that fhouid General Arbuckle be
unable to comply u itii the instructions J understand he has
received, (whicii, from mv knowledge of Indian character,
I have no doubt he wiJJ.) this claim nnj be laid before the
agent who may be appointed to investigate the claims of
the Creeks, with the necessary documents, that it may be
examined and reported on by lum.
Will you inform me who the agent will be, and the time
and place of the investigation, that I may be present to
represent this claim r
Eiom my lon^ and intimate acquaintance with the
Creeks, T was enabled, while there, to allay any excitement
likely to be produced ou thi* subject, and prevented, for
the piesent, any attempt on their part to take possession of
the negroes, bv the piomi^e that tiie Government would
ultimately t-atisfy them
With the higher respect, 1 am yours, See.,
X. 1-'. COLLINS.
Hon. Joei. R.
Secretary of War, Washington.
Mr. JOHNSON. Collins was the agent of the
Indians.
Mr. SACKETT. He was never the agent of
the Creeksjexcept m this transaction. He was
the agent of the Choctaws.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Collins was the agent.
Mr. SACKETT. Mr. Armstrong was the man
who had the money; bat that is immaterial. Col-
lins was following- up these negroes as late as the
18th October, expressly avowing himself the agent
of the Creeks, when he writes to the Secretary
of War—Mr. Poinsett—that he has not been able
to possess himself of them, and suggests whether
there may not be a claim made before the Creek
Indians themselves—they having guarantied their
title to these negroes—to indemnify Wotson, his
principal, and requests the Secretary of War to
let him know when the agent of the Creeks will
be acting upon that subject, that he may have the
matter presented. Then there was no thought of
making a claim against this Government: that was
an after-thought, probably the invention of some
claims agent—a sort of Galphm, where agents and
owners go snucks.
[Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, " An
act making hnid warrants assignable;*' which re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker.]
Air. EYANS. T do not propose to detain the
committee more than fifteen minutes, so that if any
gentleman desires to address the House he may
then be ready to obtain it. This is a funny affair
altogether, find the gentleman from 2sew York
Mr. Sackett] has elaborated it in the most scien-
tific manner; so much so, that I apprehend he has
nut it beyond the comprehension of a jury. So
far as I unders.and, this whole case lies m a few
facts, and lf^entlemen will give me a little of their
patience I will endeavor to make it plain. There
are several gentlemen unon this floor who have a
remembrance of Judge Iverson. I had the honor
of serving with him"here. Those who had the
pleasure of lus acquaintance know that a more po-
lite and courteously deported gentleman—a gentle-
man whose statement can more entirely be relied
upon, cannot be found upon this floor, or outside
of this Hall. In all his actions, and in his be-
ha\ ior heie, he displayed what he was—a Georgia
gentleman. The gentleman from New \ ork stated
that he had passed over Judge Iverson's letter—
that he had not read it, but had heard it read: that
it was loose, rambling, and disconnected, and
showed a failure of memory, nnd that it related to
facts occurring thirteen years a^o. It is true that
it related to occurrences which tool; place thirteen
or fourteen years aco, but it is not rambling, nor
does it show any failure of the memory; the
contrary, it is stated with the utmost positiveness
and clearness, and is conclusive upon one branch
of the facts involved in this case. Mr. Iverson
^ays that the Department of Indian Afters sanc-
tioned, nav, brought about 'his sale of negroes;
negotiated"it and fix:ed 'he price. I suppose that
i^ the Government, and if not, there are abundant
' communications—letters written parallel with the
occurrence—s howmg that the Secretary of War
authorized all of the transactions with regard to it.
The letters are here with the signature of Mr.
Poinsett attached to them. Now, sir, the reading
of these papers is not an interesting matter for
anybody. I will take this one; Judge Iverson,
a witness whose character is known to xts ad,
, says:
" Shortly after the return ot the wairior- composing what
; was called the Creek regiment, enlisted by General Jc-sup,
in 1836, to serve m the Floiida w?r against the Seminole^,
and the removal of said wariiors with their Jamilics, to the
Creek nation West, General James C. Watson and myself
were deputed as agents from tho Alabama Emigrating Com-
pany (who removed the Creeks under contract) to the city
ot Washington, to settle up the accounts of said company
with the Government. When we arrived in Washington,
we found General Armstrong. Indian agent, m the city,
u with a delegation of Creek chiefs. A piopo&ition was iin-
1 mediately made to General Watson and myself, by Carey
jl C Harris, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to purchase a
j large lot of negioes, then claimed by said Creek regiment,
j' and represented to Jig at the time-in the custody of the Urn
I ted States, at Tort King, n^-ai New Oilcans. The propoxi-
tion was declined by mo, but J \va« per-onallv acquainted
j with most of the facts and conven-atious which occurred
I between the Department, the Indian Azent, Arm>tron;r, and
i, General Wat&on, and learned the following paniculate:
1 That these negroes iiad been eaptuied m Florida by the
M Creek regiment, from hostile ^eiumoles; that agreeably to
i' an agreement made with t-aid regiment by Gcnetal Je^un,
] they were to have all the property of the hostile* which
ji they could capture, and they claimed the^e negroes; {hat
ji General Armstrong and the delegation in Washington had
j authority to dispose of or sell their claim tp thef-c negroes ;
that the Semmoles who had emigrated to the West were very
j averse to allowing these negroes to go into the possession of
|i the Creeks; that the Creeks were equally determined, when
il they arrived West, to seize and subject them to their own
I service. The War Depattment appiehended that serious
^ difficulty would grow out ot this conflicting claim, and that
II war would ensue between the Creeks and Sennnoles ui the
i1 contest for the negroes. It was deemed by the Department
!; prudent, and indeed necessary, to prevent blood-shed and
I war between the two tribe?, that the negtoe 5 should not be
[ sent to the West, but should be «old in the United State*.
!< Hence the proposition from the Commissioner of Indian
I AiTairs to General Watson, to purchase the negroes. Gen-
! eral Watson hesitated for several davs. but being urged by
j Mr Harris, and assured that the negroes would be detiv-
! ered to his agent immediately, he consented to buy them,
\ and paid the price fixed by the Commissioner ot Indian
I Affairs, and General Airustrmig, the agent. An oidei was
1 i-sued from the Department, and an agent di-patched by
1 General Watson to New Oileans, to receive the negroes.
! The United Stales officcis m chaige of them lefus^d to
deliver them; they were ti<in?«ported to Fort Gibson, and
. tuned over to General Arbuckle, as i have been infoimed,
!1 and were by him surrendered to the Seminole Indians, 01
'I turned loose and joined them; so that they wete wholly
il lost to General Wats-on. Given under my ham! this® 19th
i December, 1851. ALFRED I\ER.SON.
; tC District of Columbia, County of Washington:
i. "Thi* day came before me, Nicholas B. Van Zandt, ajus-
1 tice of the peace in and for the county aforesaid, the above
: named Alfred Iverson, who made oarh to the truth ot the
! above and foregoing statement. Witness m} hand and of-
I ficial attestation, this 19ih Decembei, 1851.
; "N. Ii. VAN ZANDT, Justice of Peace,"
Now, the United States had the property in its
r nossession. That is the first position. The Sec-
i retary of War, the gentleman from New York
j says, had not sanctioned this Indian negro bust-
II ness. 1 am astonished at the gentleman. I am
]■ really surprised at his statement with this mass of
p evidence, of manuscript documents befoie him,
|! which he might read if he would. In these docu-
ments is an assent of the Government, so far as
i1 the assent of the War Department will give it.
Mr. SACKETT. Where does the gentleman
j: find that?
|; Mr. EVANS. Thegentleman from Kentucky
i- has the document. He will give it to you. Be-
ll sides that, the printed books are full of it. It
i, seems to me no one can miss who wants to look
' for it, unless there be a desire to escape the tact.
' I do not mean to say the gentleman has such a
desire, but I think his professions have made him
' overlook what is immediately before him. i do
'' not care a straw whether the documents contain
, the asserted matter or not. The Goternment of
! the United States had the negroes m possession,
! and it was extremely desirous to prevent a war.
' Now. I understand that the secret at the bottom
1 of the whole of this matter was to prevent wa<v-
i, tween the Creeks and Serninoles, whkh would r.oi
i cost us >15,000 merely, but *>15,000,0'.^.
: we made a chetip bargain in this matter-—one ot
: the best bargains we could have mad<*\
Mr. WELCH. It is, aru\ hern
1 that the principal reason asMfpied ny the ^«;cr:—
tary of Yvvar, Commissioner of Indian Abaivs, ->r
whatever officer of Government who hsd t> is mat-
ter m charge, for advising or consentmir to u e
i sale of these negroes by the Creeks ys to pre-
vent a ditHcnlty and a vrer between the two na-
tions of Indians—the Creeks and the S^mnole*—
■ when they should be lemoved to tVie Wcsr. Tne
I querv I wish to propound w thi-a: It will he founu
I in several places in the voluminous correspond-
ence which has been before the committee in _ie-
ir&rd to this matter, thai tiie difficulty in sepatatjn^
the negroes, the slaves, as they_ are called, iroift
the Seminoles, was found principally m the tact.
