798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
that the Seminoles objected to their goin  into
slavery in the service of white men. That, 1
think, General Armstrong states to be the fact.
That was the final reason, the final difficulty, why
they would not surrender them: that they should
go along with them as their allies, and not be sur-
rendered into slavery in the service of the white :
men. I wish to know how this difficulty would '
be relieved that it was apprehended might occur ;
between two nations of Indians. The difficulty j
existed in the fact that both parties claimed the i
negroes. By allowing the one party, the Creeks, j
to sell their right to the negroes, and put them in j
what the Seminoles considered a worse condition,
a condition which constituted the principal ground
of their objection, could not remedy the difficulty, j
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman from '
Maryland allow me 
Mr. EVANS. One inquiry at a time. Letme
answer the gentleman from Ohio before interro-
gating me anew. i
Mr. SACKETT. The gentleman says that I ;
misstated 
Mr. EVANS. I do not say that you misstated 1
the evidence. I
Mr. SACKETT. I state now, that the letter ,
which the gentleman produced as evidence that
the Government had a knowledge of this contract, j
states no such fact. !
Mr. EVANS. That brings up the document,
then. Now, as the gentleman has made a point 1
between us, though it has nothing to do with the j
case, I will tead the letter. I did not propose to ;
enter upon this matter at all, and only wanted to
speak a few minutes to things that were relevant j
to the case; but since the gentleman has brought \
this matter up, 1 will read this letter of the 9th of
May to Mr. Harris:
War Department, ?
Office Indian Affairs, May 9, 1838. $
Sir: Tho decision made a few day-! «nice, that tl)p ne-
groes captured by the Crock wanior* in Florida should, in
compliance with th<  engagement of General Jesiip, be de-
livered to tlie delegation now heie, Ii<i> been communicated
to then), with the intimation that when they had determined
what dispn-ition would be made of thom, and communi-
cated information of the same to tins depaitmenf, tile ne-
cessary ordeis would be issued. In a communication jus-t
received from the delegation, they state they have appointed
Nathaniel F. Collins, of Alabama, their attorney in fact, to
receive the uesroe^. T have the honor to request that an
order may he l^n^d to the commanding officer at Foi t Pike,
to xVTajor [«aac Clark, at New Orleans, to the commanding
officer in Florida, and to any other officers who may have
charge of them, to deliver to Mr. Collins all the negroes* lit
question. lie will, of course, hold them subject to the law-
ful claims of all white persons. Abraham and his family
should be excepted, in consequence of a promise made by
General fe«up. The officers should be instructed to exer-
cise due caution, so as to deliver only those captured by the
Creeks. It is pioper to remark, that it appears, from a letter
received from Lieutenant Sloan, that these Indians lefused
the §8,000 offered them, under the diicction of Gcneial
Jesup, for their wteiCst in the«e negioe^.
Very le&pectfuily, your mo4 obedient servant,
C. A. HARRIS, Commissioner.
Captain S. Cooper, Jlcting Secretaiy of )Var.
Here is the next letter from Mr. Harris, the same
day—the very day of the sale:
War Department, ?
Office Indian Affairs, May 9, 1838. $
Sir : T have the honor to tranMint. herewith, the copy of
a communication made to the Secretary of Wai. and winch
bee.n returned b\ Uim to this office, wiiU lu* approval
indorsed upon it. F request that you will cniwe an order,
such as is indicated in this paper, to be given as soon as
practicable to the officers mentioned in it I *>m not at pres
ent aware tji.it it will be necessary to give an order to any
other than those named f will thank vou to cause me to
be furnished with a copy of the ordeis issued, that Mr. Col-
lins may be furnished with all propei papers
Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
C. A. HARRIS, Commissioner.
Major General Macomb, Commanding in Chief.
And also a letter from the Adjutant General:
Adjutant General's Office, )
Washington, May 10, 1838. )
Sir: Herewith you will received copy of a communi-
cation made to the Secretai y of War by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. The request contained therein having
been approved by the Secretary, you will please to give the
necessary attention to the matter, so far as jou aie con-
cerned, and comply with the requisition of Mr. Coihns.
I am, sir, very respectiully, your obedient servant,
It- JONES, Ad/utur>t General.
Major (t 6 net a! Jesup, Commanding ^Irniu in Florida, Tam-
pa, Florida. J
Brevet Majoz Zantzinger, Fort Pike. Louisiana.
There is a fact for you. There is the fact of the
sale communicated to the Secretary of War, and
he has so indorsed upon the back of it, for the
requirement, mark, is, thnt the negroes be deliv-
ered to Mr. Collins, who was the agent of the
purchaser. Can evidence of assent to a sale be
stronger?
Mr. SACKETT. Is there anything said about
the sale ?
Mr. EVANS. Let the committee judge be-
tween us. They all hear what there is in this
letter, i give the gentleman facts, but I cannot,
as Dr. Johnson said in a parallel case, give him
that spirit and discrimination of mind which will
enable him to perceive them in a proper light.
Yes, here are the facts. There was never a clearer
indorsement; but it is not of the slightest import-
ance upon the face of the globe whether it is so
or not. it is a fact, that the Government was in
possession of these negroes after a sale took place,
with .or without the knowledge of that Govern-
ment. I will, for the sake of argument, admit, as j
the gentleman said, that the Government is with- j
out this knowledge, though the proof says that
they had such knowledge. I do not care one straw ;
whether they knew about the sale when it took ;
place or not. I assert this to be true: If a sale of j
property, being in trust in my possession, is made i
to individuals, I am bound to deliver it, and if 1 |
allow it to be eloined and carried off, I am respon-
sible for its value. If I accept the trust m the
formal manner in which it was accepted by the
Government, and do not carry it into effect, and
the property is carried off, whether 1 knew of the :
sale or not, 1 am responsible for the property y much !
more, when I, myself, as the Government did, j
carry it otf, and neglect, and refuse to make deliv- '
ery. Neither does it make any difference whether |
these persons were property or not, if the Gov- :
ernment be considered as making the sale, or as
standing by and inducing a third party to make
the purchase. Suppose the negroes were propei ty.
If they are, and the sate takes place with the con-
sent of the United States, which has the article
sold in possession, the Government is bound to
make the delivery. If it fails to make delivery,
it is bound for the consideration. Suppose they
are not property. In that case, the title of the
thing sold fdils,and the party selling is called upon
to make restitution of the value received, because
he could give no valid title, nor make any valid
delivery. In either case, he who has received
money for which he has given no consideration
must refund.
Now, let us imagine that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sackett] had been sold by the
Government, which had received the money, arid
he is clearly entitled to his freedom, and seems to
take it, too. [Laughter.] Suppose, I say, the
gentleman had been sold by these Indians, the
Government guarantying to make the delivery, 1
would like to know if they are not obliged, not
only in equity but law, to refund the considera-
tion money if they do not, or for defect of title
cannot make the delivery ? Does any one deny
this? Has not the Government received money
for property which the Government had in pos-
session?—for consideration to the Indians was con-
sideration to the Government then, and the spirit
of all the papers showed Ft, no matter whether
the thing sold was property or not. The Govern-
ment allowed it to be carried off, and did not de-
liver it, and is that Government not bound to
make restitution ? Now, the Government did make
a sale, and there is no use of dodging it; though
it is of no importance whether they made it or not,
for the United States induced the sale, brought it
about) fixed the price, and ordered delivery, and then
failed to fulfill the order, and that is the point of the
case. But they did make the safe. No sober, can-
did man can look at all of these documents, and
at the history of the whole transaction, and avoid
saying that it was the Government who made this
sale of these negroes on behalf of the Indians, be-
sides having arranged it long before the capture
that they should be the property of the Creeks,
to be delivered to them or their authorized agents.
They received the money. It was a consideration
to prevent the shedding of blood upon your terri-
tory; a consideration which ought to hallow itself
to the mind of every Representative here—a con-
sideration which prevented expenses which now
would have borne heavily upon us, and would
have been to this day unpaid. It is an amount of
money which you are bound in equity, m honor,
and at law to refund to these parties. What dif-
ference is it, I repeat, whether what they sold was
property or not ? If it was property, they did not
deliver it, and they are bound to refund the con-
sideration. If it was not property, they are bound
to refund the consideration, because they could
make no title to it. But bound the Government
is, if not for this reason—which I only allude to
because it has been much dwelled upon on the
| other side-—certainly for the reason that, whether
they knew of the sale or not, assented or not, they
held these negroes as the property of the Indians,
and then, after notice of the sale, after themselves
fixing the price,.they eloined the property. For,
whether the War department was cognizant of
, the sale or not, we had the property and did not
deliver it. According to my views of the matter,
then, we are bound to pay the money, and there
is no use of going into a rambling discussion about
, General Arbuckle or about General Taylor, who
| was, by the way, only talking about a delivery of
! such negroes as belonged to white owners. The*
committee can judge about the facts. All else is
I irrelevant, and there is no use of lugging in all
these things and embarrassing the minds of the
| committee with such an accumulation kof mat-
t ter.
j Mr. SACKETT. If the Government were
! bound to deliver, according to the terms of the
1 order of the Indian Department, to the Creek In-
dians—for that was the term used—theie will be
no disagreement about that. If they were bound
to deliver according to the terms of that order,
they would be bound only to deliver such negroes
as the Creek warriors took. That manifestly
would be the case If General Watson, in the mean
time, had stepped in and purchased, his rights
would not be larger than the rights of the Creeks
themselves. The evidence in the case, in regard
to these negroes, is—and it is the difficulty in the
case—that the Creeks took none of these negroes.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman has shifted his
ground. Now he has got up a new difficulty; but
i there is this simple answer to it: There is no rea-
; son for any identification. That was a point
i which the Government ought to have made by a
! reservation of the property, and not allow it to be
j carried off to be dispersed all over the Western
' territory, and through the Western and Southern
j States, and then for persons, on behalf of the
j Government, fourteen years afterwards, to come
J forward and say that it is impossible to identify
I this property. At this day it is a little too late to
make that point.
Mr. DANIEL. Will the gentleman from
Maryland allow me to make a single remark?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sackett]
says that there was no identity of the negroes
proved. There was no attempt to identify them;
and why? Because it was seen, that if they could
be identified, they could not be delivered The
Indians were determined not to go west unless the
negroes went with them. There was no effort,
theiefoie, to identify them, and it was useless to
do so.
Mr. EVANS. I have no doubt it was quite
useless, and I thank the gentleman fur the inter-
ruption. 1 think the case is sufficiently clear, and
I now bid it farewell.
Mr. STUART next obtained the floor and said:
Mr. Chairman, if this were an ordinary question,
I should not detain the committee at all in regard
to it. It is one which was raised when I had the
honor of being a member of the Thirtieth Con-
gress, which i partially examined at that time, and
which I have more thoroughly examined within
the last few days. The object that 1 have in rising
now is not so much to endeavor to enlighten this
committee, as to place upon record the reasons
which will control my own vote, and I shall be
very much obliged to the committee, I confess, if
they will give me ordinary attention. I ha^ecome
to the conclusion that this is a case in which the
Government is clearly liable, and I can state, I
think, in a very few words, the reasons which have
induced that conclusion m my mind. The views
which I take, steer entirely clear of the difficulties
which seem to obstruct the progress of other gen-
tlemen. The question whether these individuals
were slaves or not, in fact, is one which it is not
necessary to determine. The question whether
the title to them, was perfect in the Seminoles or
not, is not now necessary to be determined in the
views which I now submit. The question of
whether the Government of the United States made
a contract or not, is equally unimportant. 13ut,
sir, there are certain prominent, leading facts,
clearly shown by the evidence m this case, about
