802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20.
hands of the United States agent, as truslee, for j
safe keeping, investment, or distribution, or to j
allow it to be done by their debtors; besides it ap- j
pearing in this report, we have the exact language,
in a letter from the office of the Secretary of War,
authorizing it, in 1832, long before that agent was
appointed, showing that such was the habit of the
Government. That it was contemplated to con-
tinue, the Indians presumed, and we must pre-
sume; and we have no evidence of any; character
or kind to show that the authority for it has ever
been countermanded or changed. Prom the office
of the Secretary of War a letter was issued, dated
August 11, 1832, addressed to the agent of that
tribe of Indians. I will read that letter, and gen-
tlemen will then see the authority that was given
to the agent to act as the y-ustee of the funds of
the Indians, as well as the representative of the
Government of the United States, for the Six Na-
tions of the New York Indians. Full and entire
authority was given to him as agent, and the
United States, through him, is compelled to stand
in the attitude of a trustee. Here is the direct
language of the Government. I will read it to the
House:
Department of War, August 11, 18X2.
Sir: You are hereby authorized, the consent of the In-
dians being first obtained, to receive all moneys, and secu-
rities for moneys, belonging to, or due to the Seneca Nation
of Indians j to discharge all mortgages or other securities
of record, and to make investments of such moneys, from
tune to time, on the most favorable terms, and to do all other
things necessary to the faithful fulfillment of thirf trust.
Whenever an existing mortgage 01 other security is can-
celed, you will notify the Department thereof, and when-
ever you tafce new securities, youwvill cause them to be
recorded in the proper officc ot the country, and their suf-
ficiency certified by the district attorney, or the judge of
the United States court. They will be prepared in tripli-
cate. One copy, upon which will be entered an attested
copy of the lecord, you will transmit to the Depaitment;
one'you will give to the Indian?., and one you will retain.
The assent of the Senecas to youi acting m this matter
as their agent or trustee, mu<t be obtained in writing, and
the original forwarded to tins Department.
You will be careful, in all youi investments, to have them
so executed, that the Indians may, without umcdMniable
delay, obtain possession of the pnncjpal, should their re-
moval 01 other circumstances render it desirable.
Iain, &c., JOHN ROBT3,
Acting Secretary oj War.
James Stryker, Esq.
Here is not only assent, hut an absolute order.
Now, it may be said that the assent cannot be
shown in writing. In regard to that, we cannot
require, in order to exonerate ourselves from the
payment of this money, that the assent shall be
shown to be in writing, because this method of trans-
acting their business by the agent had long been
established, and 110 instruction had been given-to
the effect that their assent in writing was necessary
to secure the honesty of the agent, or responsi-
bility of this Government. To quibble upon such
a point would be to treat with derision a powerless
class, as ignorant and defenseless as they exhibit
themselves confiding. Their assent is perfect to
their eyes, when they have placed their funds in
the hands of the Government of their Greet Father >
or allowed them to be so placed, without a further
assent put in writing. Besides this, it is clearly
established that the Government always acted as
trustee m all such cases, and it cannot be said that
the Indians shall be responsible fur the assent not
being in writing, because that is an order wincli
was given by this Government to her own agent,
a regulation for her own protection, and not an
order or regulation transmitted and made known
to these Indians, showing that to obtain for them
the secunty of this Government they had to fur-
nish the assent in writing. In that case, it would
not only be proper, but absolutely essential that
the Indians should transmit their assent in writing
to the proper office here. Any other regulation
or disposition of the written assent would have
been absurd, particularly the placing of it in the
agent's hands; and no such notice was given, nor
any such action required of them.
This assent might have been given forty times
over to this agent, and he, being determined to de-
fraud them out of their money, could have and
may have chosen never to have transmitted it, and
thus the Indians themselves would have lost, and
the Government of the United States at the same
time would have been deprived of its recourse
upon the party that was making the default. The
instruction created a trusteeship m so many words;
besides that, it had existed from the beginning, by
custom. The requisition by the Government^ a
written assent, and communicated to its own a^ent
only, was utterly inadequate, and if now set up ;
as a defense against repaying the trust money, is j
a fraud by a great nation upon an ignorant, pow- |
erless, defenseless, defrauded, and confiding, un- j
fortunate race. I will not go into a further exam- j
ination of this case—it is clear to any fair mind, '
and my time is limited. If the gentleman, or any ]
other gentleman, wishes to reply to this, I will j
exhibit all the documents, and point out where j
these fact maybe ascertained. I will then state j
that we have the evidence here of the repeated !
action of the Government as trustee for these In- j
dians; and where the Government has appointed i
an agent that has been faithless to them, received !
their money, and appropriated it to his own use, ;
she is bound to pay that money, if she acts justly !
by them. This is the condition of that particular
item. The Committee of Ways and Means have
rejected that item of some $28,000. That money
has been due, if due at all, to them since 1837,
1838, and 1839. For not one cent of the estimate
is interest proposed to be allowed by the Depart-
ment. This estimate embraces only the principal,
and it is but sheer justice. If it were a dealing
between individuals, it would not be deemed jus-
tice—that, after the principal had been due for so
long a time, it was proposed not to pay a cent of
interest with it.
Now, I do not propose to insert any clause for
interest, because I am inclined to oppose the pay-
ment of interest upqn claims* against the Govern-
ment. I shall desire it to be an extraordinary
case where I would vote for the payment of in-
terest at all, after having heard that subject dis-
cussed so frequently in the Ilalls of this House.
There is the amount, and there can be no other ob-
jection to the payment of it than that the item does
not sound like a deficiency. If it is not a defi-
ciency, what is it? It is an obligation of this
Government: but, say they also, it is a private
claim, and should go to another committee than
that of Ways and Means. It is no more a pri-
vate claim than is the claim of Mexico upon us,
under our treaty with her, a private one. It is an
obligation to a people whose independence we, in
some measure, acknowledged. An obligation of
this Government, whether it exists by treaty or
by other and voluntary action, when acknowl-
edged by us, in any shape, is just as sacred, and
ought to be as faithfully complied with, as one
made and put under the seal of the Secretary of
State, and indorsed with the sanction of the Sen-
ate. There can be no distinction between classes
of obligations upon this Government. It is her
duty and her honor to discharge them all. The
obligation in one instance is as sacred as it is in
the other; and if we owe the money, it ought to
f)e paid. As to the mere consideration whether ll
belongs to this bill or not, according to form, i will
say it is a matter of moonshine. The Committee
of Ways and Means are the ministers of the House
to consider the amounts of the disbursements of
the public moneys. They are to offer all appropri-
ations, for the discharge of the honest obligations
of this Government, growing out *of its relations
with other nations and with our Indian tribes.
This item is of that class, and if it does not now
come within this bill, and is not now adopted, it
will not be adopted for the coming year. We can-
not then know when it will be adopted, since, hav-
ing been once recommended by the Government
and rejected, or passed over m this way, it may
not be again presented for consideration. It will
have to be rejected, for I shall oiler theamendment.
We cannot hope that the Executive will take upon
itself, after Congress shall have acted upon it m
this manner, rejecting it, ever to recommend again
this item.
I will ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, whether or not—as it may save
me some trouble—his committee have gone into
an examination of the item with regaid to the
Potiawatomies 5 If they have gone into a full ex-
amination of it, I am satisfied that it would be un-
necessary for me to explain it here. It js an obli-
gation existing under treaty, and it is a deficiency
item.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the gentleman
from Arkansas, 1 will say tins: when we had up
the estimates submitted to us in relation to the
Indians, upon which the gentleman is now com-
menting, we called before us the chief clerk of the
Indian Bureau; and in the investigation of these
items, one by one, we were not able to find the
treaty upon which this Pottawatomie claim was
said to be based. We gave him a memorandum
in regard to that, and the Choctaw claim, and he
was to furnish us with the information, which to
this day he has not done. We have not, therefore,
been able to carry the investigation any further.
Mr. JOHNSON, I will read the third section
of the treaty of February 11, 1837, concluded in
the city of Washington:
" Pottawatomie Treaty—Art. 3. The United States
further agree to convey, by patent, to the Pottawatomies, of
Indiana, a tiact of eountiy on the Osage ltiver, we>t of the
Missouri Rivei, sufficient m extent, and adapted to their
habits and want4*; remove them to the same, furnish them
with one year's? MibMstuneeafter their arrival there, and pay
the expense^ of this treaty, and of this delegation, now in-
this city. (See p. 533, Statutes at Large, vol. —, Indian
Treaties.)
Under that clause of the treaty the remnant of
that tribe, amounting to six hundred and thirty-
nine, have been removed. There was upon hand
in the Department, a portion of an existing ap-
propriation, unexpended, for the removal of tins
residue. At the time of emigiauon, the Secretary
of the Interior thought, and estimated, that the
number would amount to some four hundred In-
dians, but when collected and emigrated, there
proved to he some six hundred and thirty-nine.
The amount asked for in section eleven, of the esti-
mates, to enable the Government to pay for the
removal of these Indians, and,to continue their
subsistence for the residue of the year, is $22,500.
These Indians aie now being supplied and subsist-
ed, at the point to which they have been removed,
and there is not one cent for the purpose of paying
what has been done, or for the continuance of the
subsistence to which they are entitled by treaty.
I presume this will be satisfactory to that commit-
tee. I have given them the facts, and they can
examine the records if they require further inform-
ation upon this point.
The next item is numbered twelve in the esti-
mates, and is, for the subsistence and removal of
the Choctaws, §50,000. Having had some con-
versation with the chairman in regard to this item,
I will ask him (to save trouble) whether the com-
mittee have reconsidered and determined to insert
that item, or whether they are still opposed to its
adoption ?
Mr. HOUSTON. We have not reconsidered
it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, they have still deter-
mined that that item of $50,000 shall be kept out
of the deficiency bill. By the treaty of the 27th
of September, 1830, article sixteen, the Choctaws
were stipulated to be removed. I will ask the
gentleman to do me the favor to turn to the article
in reference to, and of which 1 am now speaking,
as the book is in his hand. By article fourteen of
the same treaty, the right was granted to such
Choctaws as chose to accept it, to become citi-
zens—that is those who preferred to remain, should
become citizens nfterfive years' residence. They
were, if they adopted this provision of the treaty,
to receive a fee simple title at the expiration of the
five years, to certain lands which were to be re-
served to them. All that did not choose to remain
were to be removed West, and subsisted there for
one year. I will repeat, by the fourteenth section,
such as preferred it were at liberty to remain where
thev weie, and to take their stipulated amount of
land, and after remaining for five years, accoiding
to the terms of that section of the treaty, they
were to become citizens of the United States, and
J were to receive s patent for the land which had
1 been granted them. I repeat this, because it is
important that we should remember that there are
two distinct provisions, either to be elected at the
option of any Choctaw.
1 "Art. 14. Each Choctaw head of a family being desirous
j to remain and become a citizen of tiie States, shall be per-
1 nutted to do so, b> signifying his intention to the agent
j withm mx month< trom the ratification of this treaty, and
| he or she shfdi thereupon be entitled to a reseivauon ot one
section of six hundred and forty acre* of land, to be bounded
[ by sectional lines of ~ut vej , in like mannt'i shall be entitled
■ to one half that quantity lor each unruaincd child which is
! living with Inm, over ten \ ears of age; and a quarter section
| t  inch child may be under ten yeais of age, to adjoin
i ihe location o1 the parent. If they reside upon said lands
! intending to become citizens of the .States, for live vears
j after the latifieation of tins treaty, in that case a giant in
! leu simple shall is>ue; taui re.>ei vationshall include the
' present impto\ einent of the head of the family, oi a portion
[ of it. iVi^ons who claim under this article shall not Jose
! the privilege of a Choctaw citizen, but ll they ever remove
j aie not to be entitled to any poitum of the Choctaw an-
I nuit.v.'' , ,
I "Art. 16. In wagons; aud with steamboats as may be
