1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
found neces>ary—the United States agree to remove the
Indians to their new horue« at their expense and under the
oaie ot discieet and careiul person4!, who wili be kind and
brotherly to thorn. They ajree to furnish them with ample
com and beer, or pork for themselves and families lor
twelve months aiter reaching then* new home?.
ft is agreed further that the United States'will take a!!
their cattle, at the valuation of some discreet person to be
appointed by the President, and the same shall be paid for
in money alter their arrival at their new homes; or other
cattle such as may be desired shall be furnished them, notice
being gi ven through their agent of their wishes upon this
subject before their removal, that time to supply the demand
may be anorded."
As I have shown to you, the larger part of the
nation went off West. About one thousand of
them selected to remain East, and take reserva-
tions of land. The Government of the United
States at this point utterly failed, and this is an
admitted fact, and which ivtll not be disputed, to se-
cure to them the lands which they had thus agreed
to reserve, and patent to them under the fourteenth !
section recited, but proceeded to sell the lands and I
utterly violate the stipulation. The evidence is
do know this from a thorough investigation of the
case, that we are bound to emigrate them, and pay
the expenses. We have already acted in bad faith
m many instances in regard to this very treaty.
I believe this Government has already acted as
badly as a Government could in regard to the par-
j tieuiar provisions of that treaty,"and it but-re-
j mams for us, under a crude decision of the Com-
1 mittee of Ways and Means, to reject our obliga-
under it altogether, to consummate an ill
j faith almost unequaled.
! Many of the items in this bill I will have to
i pass over, and for the reason that there are some
| seventeen items which demand explanation. Many
i of these items are simple, plain, and easily ex-
; plained. I shall pass all such as those, however,
j until the five minutes debate comes on. It is only
' to those items that are somewhat complicated that
; I shall now address myself, under the privilege of
| the House which has been granted to me.
.... . - .  , ,i Tlle next item is for the liquidated balance due
too, tnat it was done in many instances in a most j! to the Creek Indians, for losses sustained durine
brutal manner. The Indians were then left there ;| last war with Great Britain—sustained by all
that portion of the tribe who were friendly to, and
cooperated with, the United States
Preceding that, is an item to pay William Heart
for losses connected with the removal of the Choc-
taws west. That item, number nineteen, for the
payment of Heart, has been rejected also by the
Committee of Ways and Means. I hav« looked
into it somewhat, and although I do not say that
I have made up my own mind in regard to it, I
will say this, that I am by no means satisfied
that the Committee of Ways and Means were
wrong in rejecting it. On the contrary, I am in-
clined to believe that the Committee of Wavs and
Means were right 13 rejecting that item of some
$37,000. After booking info it with some little
care, I shall not myself, unless instructed by the
in a helpless condition, defrauded of their lands.
When the attention of the Government was called
to this subsequently, the shame and injustice was
recognized and acknowledged, and in order to re-
munerate them, it was determined to issue land
scrip to these Indians to a large amount. It was
pro\ ided that one half should be paid to them
wherethey were, in Mississippi and Alabama, and I
the other half should be paid to them only after j
they had passed west of the Mississippi. See act I
of 23d of August, 1842. By that act the Govern- i
ment destroyed the alternate provision of the treaty, I
that is, the provision by which the Indians could i
remain there. And having violated it themselves, I
those Indians who had chosen to remain under j
the fourteenth section were compelled and driven ' „   ,
to emigration west; and for that purpose to resort li Committee on Indian Affairs, hereafter, offer'any
to their rights under the sixteenth section. So !' amendment to that section.
the objection which is raised, that this Govern- i! I will ask attention to the next section, which
ment is not bound to pay for their emigration, !' provides for the liquidated balance due to the
altogether falls to the ground; because if the Gov- !; Creek Indians for losses sustained during the last
ernment violated the section of the treaty under ji war with Great Britain. The origin of this claim
which they were to remain, and compelled them to j! is well stated m the report of the Commissioner of
emigrate, how is it to be expected that they can '' Indian Affairs, Orlando Brown, to the Committee
emigrate under the terms of that treaty, unless |i 0,1 Indian Affairs of the Senate, of May 10th,
they emigrate through the provisions made under ! 1850; and I will follow the direction given by that
and by virtue of it for their emigration? Any i: report, with such explanation, as I progress, as
other construction despoils them of every real ben- |. m«y suggest itself. It is a report made, not by
e/if under a treaty that was horrible to them at I; 'he committee of the Senate,'but it is a report
best. But to show you that the objection which ; from 'he Bureau of Indian Affairs, made to the
I understand exists, is not a sound or good one, !! Senate. It contains an explicit and authoritative
and tnat it iias never been offered or entertained ! statement of the facts, and if the House will ex-
by any but this committee, I have only to say, amine it, and give it their attention, they will find
that the Government, from the very time they had d most extraordinary state of things; besides that,
violated so unjustly their plighted faith, in regard the indebtedness is unquestionable, andisadmitted,
to the fourteenth section, and these reservations of
land, selling and destroying the right and title of
the^ Indians to them, had actually continued to
emigrate them, and pay for them'under the six-
teenth article of the treaty. Sir, that gentlemen
should come in here and say that these $50,000
ought not to be appropriated for the purpose of
paying their emigration, because they had chosen
after full investigation, by the Government. It is
an item of $110,417.
During the late war with Great Britain, a large
portion of the Creek Indians, who were friendly
and resided next to our settlements, united with
us in that war against the hostile Indians of their
own tribe. The House will recollect that a severe
war raged at that time in the Southwest, during
V&!rUDea.by its
This is the language of a Major General, com-
manding your forces in time of war, who acted
with full authority m such matters. He further
commands the agent, Hawkins, as follows:
5-ea&e' sif' t0 communicate these terms to
the friendly Indians, and to enjoin them, in the prosecution
of the war against such as may continue hostile, to abstain
carefully from injuring those who may be returning, with
the intention of making their submission. You may like-
wise inform them that the United States will not forget their
fidelity ; but, in tbe ariangements which may be made of
the lands to be letamed as indemnity, their claims will be
respected; and such of their chiefs as have distinguished
themselves by their exertion and valor in tbe common came
wil al«o receive a remuneration in the coded lands, and in
such manner as the Government may direct."
This was delivered by that gentleman to this
friendly tribe of Indians, as a promise made to
them by the commander-in-chief of the American
forces, so as to continue them faithfully in their
devotion to the United States, in the prosecution
of that war. How soon were these promises to
.be violated? How soon were we destined to ex-
hibit clearly, that the Government, their Great
Father—God save the murk—kud foigot their fidel-
ity! and, worse than all, to exhibit the revolting
spectacle of a powerful Government turning, at
the conclusion of a protracted and bloody war,
upon an humble and faithful, but weak, defense-
less, and confiding ally, to despoil them, and ac-
tually despoiling them, under the plea of motives
of policy, of millions of acres of land, giving no
even seemingly adequate compensation therefor.
I will read an extract, and I request that the ref-
erences contained in the extract may be examined,
if you would see the most stmtling developments
regarding our good faith to these helpless allies:
<£ Tho-o piopoMtions resulted tn the ticatv concluded by
General Jackson, August <!, 18U, h\ wlnch'the Indian title
was extinguished to between fourteen and fifteen millions
of acres ot bind. Fnoi to Mgmtig the treaty, the fuendly
Indians called the attention of Geneial Jackson to the
! pionnse of General Pinkney, with a view that a piovj-ion
i snould bo inaerted fot the remuneration for theii ]ot.se«*
j but the General declined, brr,m-e his power to negotiate
did notcextend to embrace bv treaty, or capitulation the
j ptomises contained therein.' The Indians, however, agreed
, to -lya the tieaij on the condition, among others, that the
said promise should bo sent on with the treaty— saym*- we
i rfly on the justice of the United States to cause justice to
be done us." (See Amenean State papers, vol. 1. no. 837
S57, und*58.) ' 5 *
to remain there under another provision of the j1 which General Jackson acquired the greater part
treaty, is not, it seems to me, good sense or com- r --1 -1— A  
nion honesty. It is certainly not justice or equity ;
in the slightest degree. Those Indians must have
some benefit of that treaty, in some shape or other,
and the clause of the treaty, under which they de-
termined to remain, was destroyed in all its ben-
fits to them, ard they were cut off, precluded, and
despoiled, the Government acknowledging the
fact. ^ That they had a ri<rht to revert, and under
the sixteenth section of the treaty, to accept its
terms of emigration, the expenses of it, and sub-
sistence for one year, in another country, to be
paid by the Government, there can be none, the
remotest, rational doubt. The Government, too,
have proceeded to emigrate them from, year to
year, for the last fifteen years, under the sixteenth
article, and this is the first time that such an ob-
jection has ever been made to the payment of the
bills for th eir emigration. It ic the first time that
this matter has ever been made a matter of contest
or objection—at least within my term of service
here. This is an ample explanation, I take it, of
all the points of that case. And, therefore, I will
go no farther info the investigation, until I hear
pomts made upon the subject, and when I do, as
I feel myself familiar with the facts, I will then
take them up, and give a further explanation. I
of his high and deserved reputation as a military
commander. In the progress of that war, the
friendly Creeks rendered preeminent services, and
it is but sheer justice to say, that to their skill,
| valor, and intimate knowledge of the country,
were due much of the glory and good fortune that
! attended the American arms against, at that time,
| the most powerful and warlike native race on the
■ continent of America.
; In giving an account of this claim, I will adopt,
! m a great measure, the statement of the Bureau of
, Indian AlTairs. The claim is one adjudicated by
; the Government of the United States, and now
! stands clearly admitted as an obligation of ours
j after a full and fair investigation and adjustment
under the immediate direction of the proper De-
! partment of the Government. The exposition of
: the Commissioner begins in this way:
! c*The claim originated during tbe said war, and is for
: losses sustained in consequence of the claimant taking nart
with, and remaining fnendiy to, the United States, it is
ba*ed on the pioim&e unbodied in a communication from
General Thomas Pmokney to Colonel Benjamin Ilawkmv,
United States agent for the Creek tribe, of the 23d Apul,
1814, in which was stated the teims upon winch peace
would be gi anted to the hostile portion of the tribe, \iz : 'that
'the United States will retain so much of the conquered ter-
ritory as may appear t<"  the Government thereof to be a
' just indemnity for the expenses of the war. and a= a re^u-
I imagine this House will be astonished when
1 tell them, in addition to this palpable repudiation
and disregard of Pinckney's promise, that it is an
admitted and uncontroverted fact, thatof the four-
teen or fifteen millions of acres taken professedly
from the hostiles, as indemnity for the expenses
i of that war, from one and a half to eight millions
were the lands of these our own suffering allies.
Sir, tins House ought to be confounded, when
I tell them, that it is an uncontroverted fact, that
of the fourteen or fifteen millions taken for that
i war—I cannot say precisely what amount, but it
J is variously estimated at five, or six, or eight mil-
lions by some, and at a million and a half by
others—of the lands of the friendly Creeks, that
large amount was taken without tlie most remote
or tolerable equivalent being given as a considera-
tion. Those who fought for the United States,
against the hostile Creeks, had their towns be-"
sieged, their houses burned, their people butchered,
; and property destroyed; and they themselves,
i when the treaty was made and indemnity taken
tor the expenses of the war, lost by the indemnity
! taken, from a million and a half to eight millions
of their lands. This claim is not based upon that
fact, however, but strange to say, has become
ji confounded with it, in some correspondence, in
j! such way as materially to have delayed the pay-
'j ment of this just obligation for losses and injuries,
j This would indicate that the Government has
j not acted with great justice and forbearance, re-
i membering the faithfulness of that party oflndians
' during that war. Sir, it has been seldom that the
I Government of the United States—spy what we
will m regard to our philanthropy—has'acted with
, justice to the Indians; it has been seldom that the
i Indian could rely safely on the justice of the Uni-
. ted States. Instances of the most glaring fraud,
: under the name of " treaty," will be found to fill
i almost every page of the present volume of treaties
i made between the United States and the Indians;
; if the driving of rich and unequal bargains, and
the total inadequacy of consideration, can be said
. to constitute a fraud. From the commencement
! of this Government to the present time, when th&
