1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
Pack and wagon have now to go hundreds and !J purchase or treaty. This brines the settlements
hundreds 01 imips. Supplies m somejplaces have J of Texas into constant collisioS with the Indian
f.irnnikp miH r w „ , . i ordinal'>r •: ?f "ot °nly protecting our own settlements from
fn lv tin ,uf f' '!0wevei'' t0 enter *ndlan invasion, hut of protecting the Mexican
w mM,, .if difjiculties of the quartermaster frontier also, seventeen hundred miles lonS; and
general, but they are obvious to the eye in his the expense of that is enormous. Besides this
map, a.id biougnt home to all the senses m the i upon the recommendation of the Governor of
Of his report. j; Texas> t0 be found in documents t(J0 ,ong fgr J
actually delivered m a sound state.
JNo gen- ij distance of six or seven hundred miles
tleman can have :i proper idea of the magnitude of j the utter wilderness, and upon the praiue, and
that quartermasters department, unless he will posts along the Rio Grande—eight or nine hundred
carefully look over the reports of sub-officers, '• — r.—... tt.
, ,, .  -- —  , miles more—making a frontier, in Texas alone, to
appended to the quartermaster's report. The 'I be protected from the Indians, of fourteen or fifteen
prodigious operations of the quartermaster's de- j hundred miles. But, sir, besides—under the
partment may be t.lustrated at the post of San !! treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo—being pledged to
Antonio, lexas, alone—and from this movement w nrotee.t. the Mpvi< «n«*Vnrvi
in Texas, the movements from Fort Leavenworth
westward, may be guessed at also.
Sin foment showing the operations of the Quartermaster's
Department at Sj.71 Ji-.itoaio*, Texas, during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1851, under the direction of Jirrret
Major E. S. Babbitt, Jls^.istanl Quartermaster, United
States Army.
Sent from this post during the year  98 ox wagons,
Senttroju this post during the year.. ..752 mule
TotaL^   wagons,
of which 752 were Government mule wagons, and 98 con-
tractor-^ ox wagons.
With the Government wagons were sent 59 principal
teamster* and ~S0 tcunnrets.
The Government wagons were employed in transporting
company and officers' baggage, Mih'istence, quaiu-nnas-
ter.-.% medical, ordnance, and "other stoies to the different
iinli'ary post-.
The contractors' wagons weie employed in transporting
public supplies (chiefly forage) to the different militaiv
potts. *
J3y the contractors'wagons were forwarded 69,90'' pounds
of "ub-i.-tence stores, 185.000 pound* of q^lartel^llaslels,
stores. and 185 pounds ot ordnance stoies.
By the Government wagons wese forwarded about
170,700 pounds of baggage, 1,260,000 pounds of subsistence
store?-, 3-10,557 pound* of quartermasters' stoies, 28,000
pounds of medical stores, and 12-2,650 pounds of ordnance
stoie-*.
Total number of pounds transported by wagons from this
po^t, 2J85,yy->.
For this transportation were employed 946 men, 4,720
mules, 622 oxen, and 73 horses. E. R. BABBITT,
Brevet Major and. Assistant Quartermaster.
Assistant Q,uartfrva&ter's Office,
San Antonio, Tlxa.s, June 30, 1S51.
Now, looking at all of these facts, I take pleas-
ure in saying that, though I was affrighted at first
by the quartermaster general's estimates, I do
is also imposed upon this Government the yet
higher duty of guarding the frontier of Mexico
from Texan invasions. The scenes which have
been lately transacted upon the Rio Grande—the
filibuster scenes—have been a disgrace to this
Government—not a disgrace to the Executive
branch of this Government but a disgrace to the
Government that has not provided the Executive
with sufficient means to guard that frontier from
American invasion. We have solemnly stipu- j
lated, by the highest obligations, under the most
solemn sanction, the preservation of the Mexican
frontier from American invasion, and yet constant-
ly there have been going there robbers and ban-
dits—for that is the name of those persons, who
have been faithless to their country, faithless to
the Ametican flag, reckless of treaties, and reck-
less of national and personal honor—persons bet-
ter fitted by far to be Mexicans, than to be
protected by the stars and stripes of the American
flag. It is our duty—it is the duty especially of
{ the northern people, to protect- that frontier, and
| to stand by the treaty at all hazards, if that is
j not protected, and the American boundary is ex- 1
] tended there beyond our present limits, then comes |
j another question of annexation, the annexation ,
, of a Sierra Madre republic upon the Southern
i Side—about two or three States: and as an offset
j then, Canadian annexation upon the northern side,
i with States six or seven incumber. General Persi- j
j fer Smith, in a document which I have before me, 1
: urges the hke establishment of posts along the Gila j
! and eastward to the Rio Grande. Six hundred '
cavalry and four hundred infantry he demanded j
business, and that it has been the most embarras-
sing, annoying, and trying duty ever imposed j
upon a quartermaster, at any time, or in any period, i
<>ince tiie extension of the Roman Go\ernment '
through the regions of Gaul and Briton, and over i
the Bosphonis in the East. i
MIiaSfTARY POSTS AND INDIANS.
Xow, Mr. Chairman, I propose to show the 1
necessity for some of these posts which have been
established. I first come to the State of Texas,
where no small portion of our little army is sta-
tioned, and I propose to show that there is a ne-
cessity for the stationing of these forces there.
The number of Indians stated to be in Texas, by '
our official and unofficial reports, much vary. The ;
Camanrhes m somequarters arestated to be twenty j
thousand m number. The Lipans are estimated '
at five hundred. There are Wacoes, Keechies,
Caddoe5*, Andaicos, Ionies, Shawanees, and other !
unnamed tribes. There are fierce and wild tribes, I
am told, not even repoited by our Indian Depart-
ment, or not yet discovered by our Indian agents. |
The Indians m Texas, I am authorized to say, j
by the honorable member from eastern Texas,
[Air. Scuitur,] who has been muc.h in the Indian
countrv, number, in the lowest estimate, twenty
thousand, and they are Indians of a warlike
and ferocious character. Our Indian relations
with Texas are fearfully embarrassed by the fact
that we have no land there " to reseive" for them,
and that the Texan surveyors and chain bearers I
march upou Indian temtory, and take it without
believe, and I say it, though that gentleman is op- '■ cavallT anf* *°Hl* ,un'
posed to me in politics, that Major General Jesup ■. there> a?d h*said th*i:e ^ingan imperious ne-
has discharged a most trying and difficult duty cessity for them. The hke necessity is ui^ed for :
with great fidelity to the Government, with as < posts established m JNew Mexico. Phelast i
careful a regard for the public interest as he would j: news/r0P ^®xas &nd Mexico demonstrates
have done, or could have done, if he had been !■ 1 frontiers of both Texas and ISew Mexico
transacting, on a scale se large, his own private n ar® el.ltliety unsafe at this monient for the want of
^ ■ ! 1 sufficient protection from this Government. Uhe
news by the last mail is full of wars, full of the
sacrifice of human life, in Texas especially, but in
New Mexico as well as in Texas. There are es-
timated to be thirty thousand Indians in New
Mexico, and ten thousand nomadic, wandering
Indians upon the borders of Texas and New
Mexico. It is stated by Governor Calhoun—I
vouch him for authority, though I cannot vouch
for the fact—that amongst that wild, unsettled,
and nomadic population of Indians—pueblos and
half civilized Mexicans, there are only three hun-
dred real American citizens in New Mexico, un-
connected with the army, (see dispatch No. 58,
to the Hon. Luke Lea.) Hence you see the ne-
cessity of armed force for protection. The service
of officers and soldiers in New Mexico is worse
than any officers or soldiers ever before have been
exposed to, for it is constant war without even the
shade of glory—constant suffering without any ap-
preciation of it by their country. It can only be
compared with the inglorious Indian wars in Flor-
ida; but worse than those even, for the soldier
now is far fiom home, without comforts, without
necessaries even, beyond the reach of civilization
or sympathy. Utah, too, is in a dangerous con-
dition. There are Indians there interrupting the
lines of emigration to Oregon, endangering the life
of every citizen who travels there, and hence the
necessity for protection. Mr. Holema«,an Indian
a^ent, writes from Fort Laramie, September 21,
3851:
" On my route to Utah, I passed many trains of emi-
grants, some for Oregon, some fbr California, but mostly for
Ltah. I found many of them in great distress, from depre-
dations and robberies committed by the Indians; some were
robbed ot all their provn-ions, and even of the clothing on
their back ; many had their stock stolen, &e."
"I find much excitement among the Indians, m conse-
quence of the whites settling and taking possession of their
country, driving off and killing their game, and in some in-
stances driving off the Indians themselves,
" The great complaint on this score is against the Mor-
nions; they seem not to be satisfied with taking possession
of the valley of the Great Salt Lake, but are making ar-
rangements to settle other, and principally the rich vallies
and best lands in the Territory. This creates much dissat-
isfaction among the Indians; excites them to acts of re-
venge ; they attack umigiants, plunder, and commit mur-
der, whenevei they find a party weak enough to enable
them to do to; thereby making the innocent suffer for miu-
riesdoue by others."
And here we have the peculiar people of Utah.
Who knows whatthey are doing,or intend to do?
Who can tell? Who can say whether they recog-
nize allegiance to this country or some other coun-
try? Who can say whether the laws can be en-
forced there without a regiment or two to execute
them ? Now, as to Oregon—and I trust the hon-
orable Delegate from Oregon is in his seat, for I
am about to use his name as authority—I have a
statement before me vouched for by him, as com-
ing from a Mr. Newell, an intelligent old moun-
taineer, that there are sixty-five tribes of Indians
in Oregon, having the most outlandish names—
names I never heard of until I looked into the re-
port he made. These tribes have the euphonious
names of Spokans, Oukenegans, Clickitats, Sho-
qualamicks, &c.,—names, I will venture to say,
that were never heard of by the great mass of the
people of our country. The number of tribes
there are sixty-five, thirty tribes north of the Co-
lumbia river, and thirty-five tribes south; and the
number of Indians which the Delegate from Ore-
gon [General Lane] estimates to be in Oregon are
over 30,000. This session of Congress, the hon-
oiable Delegate has strenuously demanded of Con-
gress more protection, and he has censured the
Government for even removing the rifle regiment
to Texas.
There is California, too, upon our hands—Cal-
ifornia abounding in wealth, and not less abound-
ing m expenditures—the one so well equally bal-
ancing the other, that it often requires nice arith-
metical calculation to tell whether the country ia
gaining or losing, for the present, by the acces-
sion. The late Governor of California estimated
the number of Indians, and called upon the War
Department, under that estimate, for protection,
to be over one hundred thousand. I have no
doubt that the number was exaggerated; but I
stand, for the present, upon that pstimate. Gov-
ernor McDouiral writes, March 1st, 1851, to the
President of the United States:
a The Valley of Los Angeles, of the San Joaquin, of the
ti ibutaiies of the Sacramento, and the country around the
mam soince^ of that rivei, and the northern eo.t«t, contain
an Indian force estimated .it not le«.s than one hundred thou-
sand warriors, rill animated by a spirit of' bitter hostility,
and whom pacific and foibearing policy encourages into re-
newed acts of outrage.
'• Rendered bold bv nnpunilv, and encouraged by success,
they are now everywhere n-mg in arms, and every day
bungs the report of some new outbreak."
"Protection hy our people is regarded as their constitu-
tional right; it about the only benefit they can derive
fiom their relation to the IVdeial Government, while their
buidens are not light ones."
cost of florida. war.
Now, Mr. Chairman, to stop all party clamor,
I have compiled for my use an estimate of the
expenses of the Florida war, to he compared, if
necessary, with the expense of these numerous
Indian wars now on our hands. But, before I
make the comparison, I wish to remark, that if
nny man fancies tins country is now in peace with
the savage tribes around us, he but indulges in
fancy. It is a state of actual war whetever you
go, amongst the western savages beyond the set-
tlements. The savage ib lichen£ , now not only
for life, for existence, but for a home—and for his
last home too. Fie knows, as well as you do,
that you have shut linn out from tn«- Pacific, and
that he can go West nofuither. Re knows, as
well as you do, that his march is do longer east-
ward, but that he is m the heart of your territory
now, with the columns of emnrratmu pressing him
upon every side. He stands not ready, as here-
tofore, to face you with fonnidable numbers in
battle array: but, with the tomahawk he cunningly
wails for an opportunity to scalp you and your
