1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
the further extension of Woodworth'spatent fora
planing machine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office. -
Mr. MILLER presented a petition of the own- '!
ers and masters of vessels, residing in the counties I
of Atlantic and Cape May, New Jersey, praying <i
that buoys may be placed in the new inlet of Great !
Egg Harbor, and in Hereford Inlet; which was ,j
referred to the Committee on Commerce. ;j
Mr. FISH presented four petitions of citizens |
of New York, praying an extension of Wood- jj
woi th's patent for a planing machine: which v/ere >j
referred to theCommittee on Patents and the Pat- j
ent Office. <\
Also, a petition of citizens of West Troy, New
York, praying that the biU giving further remedies 1
to patentees may become a law; which was re- ■
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent i
Office. # ;
Also, the petition of James T. Eells, praying a '
pension for the services of his father m the revo- '
luflonary war; which was referred to the Commit- ,j
tee on Pensions. <'
Also, a petition of merchants, ship-owners, and |
others, of New York, praying that steam vessels
employed m carrying the United (States mails may j
"be prohibited by law from carrying: freight and
passengeis for hire: which was referred to the ;
Committee on Commerce. 1
?vlr. MASON presented thememorial ofThomas :
Ap C. Jones, praying to be restored to the in- i
valid Navy pension roll, and to be allowed arrears
of pension; which was referred to the Committee i
on Pensions. ■ >
Also, the memorial of Louisa E. Merrill, pray-
ing a renewal of her pensions: which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of inhab-
itants of Brooksville, Maine, praying that alight-
house may be elected at the entrance of Buck's
Harbor: which was referred to the Committee on (
Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of merchants '
and other citizens, of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying
that further aid may be extended to Colhns's line !
ot steam-ships; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Boston, Massachusetts, praying an extension :
of Woodwork's patent for a planing machine; .
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, the petition of citizens of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, in favor of an extension of Wood-
worth's patent for a planing machine: which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Oiiice.
Also, a petition of citizens of Leicester, Massa-
chusetts, praying a reduction of the rates of ocean
nost-v-ce: which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of mer-
chants and ottoer citizens, of Detroit, Michigan,
praying that further aid may be extended to Col-
lms's line of steam-ships; which was referred to ■
the Committee on Naval Aifairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented live memorials of
citizens of Arkansas, praying a grant of land to
the Arkansas Central Railroad Company, for the
construction of a railroad fiom Memphis, by v.'ay
of Little Ro'-k, to the boundary of Texas; which
wer* mdered to be laid on the table.
Mr. COOPER presented eleven petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
extension of Wood worth's patent for a planing
machine; which weie referred to theCommittee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, four petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying a modification of the tariff: which were
iviVMre'i to ilie Committee on Finance.
Als.t, the memorial of Theodore "W hitney, pray-
in0" i;ei mission to change the location of a land
wari'mt": which was referred to the Committee oil
Private Land Claims. .
\Uo, the petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the renewal of Austin and
Va bulon Parker s patent, for improvement in wa-
ter-v.hcfls; which wns referred to tne Committee
on Pit-nts and the Patent Oiiice. _
\ls<>, four memorials of citizens of Philadelphia
count\\ Pennsylvania, praying an extension^*
WtKidwni th'** patent fora pianinir machine; winch
were referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a communication from Henry M. Weaver j;
and E. S. Hendrickson, in relation to an increase '!
of the duty on cigars; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance. j;
Also, the memorial of John A. McGregor, one |
of the heirs of William McGregor, praying pay- j,
ment of a balance due on account of the services
of his late father in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Claims.
Also, a memorial of the citizens of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, praying the construction of a ship-
canal around the Fails of St. Mary's river; which \\
was referred to the Committee on Commerce. \\
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pittsburg, Penn- ';
sylvania, praying an appropriation for the erec- ,
tion of beacon-lights at the entrance of Lake Su- ,|
perior, through the straits of St. Mane; winch was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Charles Boughter and ,,
others, citizens of the late Republic of Texas, ?
praying the enactment of a law to enable them to :
obtain payment of their claims at the Treasury; ;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance. ,
Also, tne memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania, i
praying a declaration by Congress of the doctrine
of non-intervention, and the adoption of measures
to prevent its infraction; which was referred to .
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial of assistant marshals for ta- ■'
king the Seventh Census in the city arid county of ,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying additional M
compensation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. !!
Also, a memorial of citizens of Germantown, ;!
, Pennsylvania, praying a modification of theboun-
ty land law; which was referred to the Committee '
' on Public Lands.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Perm- ,
, sylvania, in favor of the establishment of a navy-
1 yard and dry-dock on the lake frontier: which was
, referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
; Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of,
j Worcester, Massachusetts, remonstrating against ;
| the furtfien extension of Woodworth's patent for
| aplanin^machine; which was referred to the Com- :
mittee on Patents and the Patent office. j
; Mr. HALE presented a memorial of inhabit- '
; ants of Armstrong, Pennsylvania, praying that '
' the transportation of the mai's on Sunday may be j
prohibited by law; which was ordered to be laid
' on the table.
! Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented two memorials
| of citizens of Lee county, Iowa, praying the ap- ,
j pointment of a commission to examine and settle
; all claims to land m the Sac and Fox Half-Breed ,
'reservation; which were referred to the Commit-
| tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
! Anne Dudley, keeper of the light-house at St.
! Marks, Florida, praying remuneration for losses
| caused by a gale; which was referred to the Coni-
! mittee of Claims.
1 Mr. WELLER submitted a document showing
' the amounts disbursed by the city of Sacramento,
J California, for the support of the indigent <Mek of
1 that State, prior to her admission into the Union;
which was referred to the Committee ot Claims.
! Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
i of Pike county, Illinois, praying that a quarter
section of land may be granted to all citizens of I
: the United States becoming actual settlers; which ,
' was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NORRIS presented a memorial of cni/.ens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying; an
amendment of the charter of that city; winch was
I referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
i{ Mr. BELL. presented a memorial of the Legis-
1 lature of Tennessee, praying the establishment of
a diiilvline of mad steamers between St. Louis
■ and New Orleans, and the intermediate porta;
- which was refened to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
! Mr. WADE presented resolutions of the Cham-
i ber of Commerce, of Cincinnati, Ohio, in m\oi of
1 the division of the State into two judicial districts;
| which were ordered to be laid on the tabic.
Mr. JAMES presented a petition of citizens of
: Boston, Massachusetts, praying1 a modification of
1 the tarilF; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. DOWNS presented a memorial of insurers,
■ ship-owners, and others, of New Orleans, prav-
h ing an increase ot the salary -of the United States
district judge for Florida; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Al^o, the petition of John Boyd, praying the
right to purchase land settled and improved by
him, within the Bastrop Grant; which was refeire'd
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Louisi-
ana, in favor of constructing harbors of refuge,
and placing buoys at proper points on the great
Northeastern snail route along the coasts of the
State of Alabama, Mississippi, or Louisiana;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of members of
the bar, at Detroit, Michigan, praying an increase
of the salary of the United States district judge
for Michigan, and the proceedings of the meeting
at which it was adopted: which were referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, three memorials of citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, praying the declaration by Congress of the
doctrine of non-intervention, and the adoption of
measures to prevent its infraction, which were or-
dered to be laid on the table.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Reading, Penn-
sylvania, praying a modification of the bounty
land lav/; which was ordered to be laid on the
table.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Florida, praying the payment of the
awards of the judge in their favor under the ninth
article of the tieaty with Spam; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judicialy.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was refened the motion to print two
thousand additional copies of the map of the Ter-
ritory' of New Mexico, communicated to the Sen-
ate the 18th March, reported in favor of printing
the same: and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred a resolution
of the Legislature of Louisiana, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill granting to the State
of Louisiana the military reserve at Fort Jesup,
for a seminary of education; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the memorial of Chester
I Griswold, submitted an adverse report thereon.
I He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of William Dusenbury,
piaymg an increase of pension, submitted an ad-
, verse leport thereon.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to winch was referred the peti-
tion of Lucretia Barton, reported a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Inferior to issue duplicate land
warrants in certain cases, which was read and
I passed to the sccond reading.
! Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred sundry petitions
and memorials, asking the aid of Congiess in
i establishing certain mail lines of steamers therein
■ indicated, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, deeming it inexpedient for
. them to take any proceedings in regard to the
1 aforesaid memorials; which was agreed to.
1 He also, from the same committee, to which
1 was referred the petition of .Tosc-ph Rodney Cios-
key, American Consul at Cowes and Southamp-
, ton, praying remuneration for the expenses in-
curred m entertaining the officers of the United
States ship St. Lawrence and in the reception of
Kossuth, asked to be discharged from the further
■ consideration thereof: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
( was referred the memorial of Mary F.B. Levely,
' widow of Henry Levely, captain of the privateer
1 Nonsuch, asked'to be discharged from the further
consideration there, and thai it be leftried to the
Committee on Pensions; which was < &rted to.
Mr. GEYER, fiom the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Cath-
arine Elwes, pray ins: a oension, asked to be dis-
charged from the farther consideiation thereof;
which was agreed to.
Uea'so,from the same committee, which was
instructed to inquire into the expediency ot grant-
ins: a pension to the widow of the late Brevet
Brigadier General Belknap, submitted a report,
i accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was
