814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
. read and passed to the second reading. The re-
pQrt was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorials of the
inhabitants of Sedgwick, Maine, praying the es-
tablishment of-M port of entry at that place, asked
to be discharged from the farther consideration
thereof, the law already furnishing adequate rem-
edy for what is asked in the memorials.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BROOKE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill, making to the States
of Louisiana and Mississippi a grant of lands, to
aid in the construction of certain'railroads therein.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WALKER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way, and making a donation of
land to the State of Wisconsin in aid of the con-
struction of a railroad from Mamtoowoc to the
Mississippi river; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time and passed:
Bill for the relief ofG. Thomas Howard;
Bill for the relief of St. John's church, in the
city of Washington:
Bill for the relief of William C. Easton; and
Bill for the relief of Bryan Callaghan.
SURVEY OP THE CHINA SEAS, ETC.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Seward, the 8th instant, m re-
lation to navigation in the Northern, China, and
Japan seas. The resolution was agreed to.
BATTLE OF CERRO GORDA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in relation
to a supplemental report of the battle of Cerro
Gordo, made by General G. J. Pillow to General
W. Scott, recently filed in the War Department
by General Scott, and which has never been pub-
lished.
The resolution was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE OFF NANTUCKET.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Department of War
submit to the Senate as s-non a-, practicable the report, esti-
mate, and plan, in roterence to the beacon or light-house
structure foi the New South Shoal, off Nantuckct.
GUTHRIF/S SAFETY-VALVE.
Mr. "DAVIS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, Thar the Secretaiv of the Navv be requested
to make the nectary prepauitwn*. theiefoi, and to tot by
Mich e.\peiiment> as he may deem ncoes-aiy, the value and
piactieai UvoIhIhp^ of thn satutv-valw, tho hydrostatic
gauge, and tne indicator, invented by Alfred Guthrie.
ST REGIS INDIANS.- !
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu- '
tion; which was agieed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tnteiior be requested
to communicate to the Senate whether any and what sum
is, or will become due to the St Rcci*. Indmnc, by virtue of
a treaty made with the Xew Yoik'lndians by Ran-oin H. .
GiJIet, eomim^toner, and upon the expediency of an ap-
propuation to pay the stun m> due, if any.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu- 1
tion; which was agreed to: '
Resolved, That the Secretary of the fnteiioi be directed
to report as soon a^, practicable to tiie Senate—
2«t. Copies ot all instruction^ -riven to the commissioner
appointed to run and maikthe boumlfiry line between the
I mted States and Mexico, together with all eoriespondence
m relation to saul boundary not yet -ubnutted to the Senate.
2d fhe number and name* of pci'sons emoloved upon
said work. 1
3d -Phe amount of money disbursed, and the manner in !
winch expended by the pie- enl commissioner.
4fh. The probable amount of money necessary to furnish
saidvvoik.
Mr. WELLF.R also submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved^ 1 hat the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the senate whether any chaiges have been filed in
hi* Depaitment asam^t the commi^ioner appointed to run
and mark the boundary line between the United States and
the Republic nt Mexico, bv an officer of the Army • and if
po, to transmit to the Senate copies of all papers connected
therewith.
ADMISSION OP LADIES.
The PRESIDENT. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived within a minute or two, the Chair
will take up the special order.
Mr. BADGER. For the first time, I rise on
this floor as the advocate of the fair sex, and I de-
sire to throw myself upon the indulgence of the
Senate, to ask their unanimous consent this morn-
ing to the suspension of the rule which excludes
ladies from this Chamber. The galleries are full;
but we know there are hundreds of fair faces and
lovely forms who will be excluded, who are ex-
tremely desirous to be admitted to hear the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Sodle.] I hope there will be no objection
this .once, to admit them on the floor, and 1 pledge
myself never to renew the motion again, unless
another like occasion shall arise. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I could have wished that
some older member of the Senate should object, but
if no other Senator does so I must object myself.
Objection being made, the rule was not sus-
pended.
NON-INTERVENTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of Mr.
Clarke's resolution on the subject of non-inter-
vention.
Mr. SOULE addressed the Senate at length, and
advocated the amendment offered by Mr. Cass.
Our report of his speech is withheld for revision,
and will appear in the Appendix.
At the conclusion of his speech, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 22, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. KING, of New York. I beheve there is a
motion pending to suspend the rules, wlfich was
| submitted by me on Monday last. "%
The SPEAKER. On Monday last, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. King] moved to sus-
pend the rules, for the purpose of introducing a
bill, and during the pendency of that motion the
House adjourned. It is therefore the first busi-
ness in order, and is a privileged question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is resolution
day, I believe, and if the House will suspend the
rule which authorizes motions of suspension on
this day, and call the States for resolutions, every
gentleman here will probably have an opportunity
duung the day of offering the bills and resolutions
he has ready. If this motion to suspend the rules
shall fail, and if I can get the floor, I will move to
suspend the one hundred and thirty seventh rule,
which authorizes motions to suspend the rules to
be made on Monday; and the call of the States
I can then be commenced where we last left off.
! Mr. KING, of New York. I suppose debate is
: not m order upon my motion, but I desire to make
j a very brief explanation of the character of the
I bill which I am endeavoring to report. It is one
which proposes to amend the law heretofore passed
; authorizing the district judges in the district courts
I to call in a district judge from another district, in
j case of the sickness or disability of any of the
! judges, by extending its provisions to cases where
| the calendar is crowded, and the business of the
! court requires an additional judge. The bill has
; passed the Senate unanimously, and the state of
j the business in the district courts of the city of
New Yoik, imperiously requires its early passage
I by this House.
: Mr. WILLIAMS, (interrupting.) With the
permission of the gentleman from New York, I
desire to offer a resolution which will greatly ex-
, pedite the business of the House, by enabling gen-
tlemen to make reports from committees.
Mr. KING. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will allow this matter to bedisposed of first,
and I shall not then object to his resolution. But
this is a bill which I have been waiting two months i
for an opportunity to present.
The question was then taken, and, on a divis- !
ion, there were—ayes 69, noes 30; no quorum !
voting. '
Mr. VENABLE demanded tellers ; which were '
ordered, and Messrs. Venable and White, of!
Kentucky, appointed. j
; And the question being again put, the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved that there be
! a call of the House.
i Several Members. " Oh, no!" " Let us have
: a recount."
! Mr. BAYLY. Very well; I will withdraw my
i motion.
| There being- no objection, the tellers resumed
their places; and, on a recount, there were—ayes
j 90; noes not counted.
; So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
, rules were suspended.
| DISABILITY OF JUDGES.
Mr. KING, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, then reported back Senate
; bill " Amendatory of the act entitled ' An act to
provide for holding the courts of the United States
in case of the sickness or other disability of the
judges of district courts,' "approved July 29,1850.
j with an amendment.
: The amendment was read, as follows:
" But 110 such district judge shall have appeals fiom dis-
| trict couits."
The question being put upon the amendment,
it was agreed to; and the bill was then read a third
; time and passed.
I MESSRS. DUNHAM AND FITCH,
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Speaker,
J it is my duty to state to the House that the un-
pleasant misunderstanding occurring here on the
| 17th instant, between our brother members,
j Messrs. Dunham and Fitch, was referred and
j submitted, at theinstance of their respective friends,
! to the Hon. John C. Breckinridge, and myself;
and fuither, that having declared what we believed
to be the plain duty of each to the other, it is in
our power to state, that all difference has been
j'justly and honorably settled.
;; SUSPENSION OF THE I37TH RULE.
!' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
j suspend the 137th rule, which authorises motions
j, to be made upon Mondays to suspend the rules,
; in order that the States may be called for resolu-
il tions under the 56th rule, commencing, under the
practice of the House, where the last call termi-
j nated.
! Mr. STANLY. If this motion prevails, will
i it not give us an opportunity to introduce bills
also?
I The SPEAKER. Certainly. The effect of
; the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee will
| be to bring the House directly to the call of States
j for resolutions, giving rise to no debate, and for
bills in the hands of individual members of which
previous notice has been given.
Mr. HOUSTON". I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether the homestead hill tabes its place
; as the special order to-moirow or on Wednesday,
as some gentlemen have suggested ?
The SPEAKER. To-morrowf so the Clerk
informs the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, if this day is con-
i sumed in receiving resolutions, the deficiency bill
1 will have no chance at all, unless the gentleman
from Tennessee will take some steps to postpone
i the homestead bill for a day or two longer.
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no earthly
chance of its being passed to-day, even if we go
j! into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
; the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is very true; but the
i' day may be consumed m investigating it.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to know whether, if
we were to agree to the motion of the gentleman
. from Tennnessee, resolutions might not be intro-
duced and passed by a bare majority?
j The SPEAKER. If a resolution was intro-
! duced, and debate arose upon it, it would go over
until next resolution day. If the previous ques-
j tion was called, aiid the House sustained it, it
; would of course bring the House to a vote upon
the adoption of the resolution.
| Mr. FOWLER. Bv a majority ?
! The SPEAKER. Yes.
j Mr. FOWLER. Then I object to the motion
i of the gentleman from Tennessee, and call for the
i yeas and nays upon it.
| HOMESTEAD BILL*
j Mr. STANLY. I would ask the Chair whether
i the House can, by a two thirds vote, postpone
