1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
J
m a
does not wish to go on with this bill now. There
is other business of importance to be transacted in
the House, to which the remainder of the day can
be appropriated if the committee now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that we had better
go on with this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. As this is the only day upon
which the rules can be suspended, I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. Allow me to ask the gentle-
man if he can indicate anything which might in-
fluence the opinion of the committee?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state this: The House
will recollect that some six: weeks ago—I have
never been able to get if in, although I have sought
the benefit of every Monday—a recommendation
was made to provide for the expenses of the
Owaha delegation of Indians. I have a bill which
I wish to introduce to the House, and I have no
doubt it will pass the very moment it can be
offered, for the payment of the expenses of that
delegation, it was prevented from coming in be-
fore, on account of the papers being sent to the
printing office. This matter ought to be disposed
of as soon as possible; and if it is not introduced
to-day, it never can except on Monday.
The question was then taken, and the commit-
ted refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
'by clauses, and amendments can be made as they
are read.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, con«i-=Un« of forage in kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen of the" quartermaster's department, at the several
rmiitarv po.->ts and stations, and with the armies in the field; j
tor the horses of the first and second regiments of dragoons,
the companies of light artillery, the regiment of mounted
riflemen, and ^ucli companies* of infantry as may be mount-
ed. and al«o for the authorized number of officers' horses
when serving in the field and at the outposts, seven hund-
red and ninety-five thousand dollars."
Mr. OLDS. I propose to strike out this clause
of the bill. I do not make this motion with the
expectation that this clause will be stricken out.
From the remarks made by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I take it as a
foregone conclusion, that this bill is to pass this
House, but it -will not be with my vote or my as-
sent. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] as well as a distinguished Senator in the
other end of this Capitol, have indicated that
Congress, and not the Administration, is to be
held=responsible for all expenditures of the public
money. I consider the passage of this bill, with
the deficiency of the War Department in it, as a
contest between the Executive and the Legislative
branches of this Government, for the control of the
purse of the country, and nothing else. Why,
the last Congress of the United States undertook
to cut down the appropriations for the War De-
partment; done, too, upon motions made by the
friends of the Administration, and they did cut
down the appropriation asked for by the War
Department more than $1,500,000; and what is
the result; Why, the Secretary of War, in de-
fiance of the manifest determination of Congress,
the law-making power of the people, not only
expended that $1,500.000 refused him by the last
Congress, but $2,250,000 move than the sum al-
lowed him; and he comes forward now to ask rj
this Congress to give him this $2,500,000, pnd
£1,000.000 more, under the pretext of deficiency,
the gentleman from New York, at the sama time,
telling UN that the responsibility is not #"t" "le
Piesidem, but with Congress. How'*" he ask
me, or anv member upon this side o/ the House,
with this declaration #pon the recrra before us, to
vote for a lull of this kind ? Sir, die truth is, this
is a direct conflict between -«e Executive and
the legislative power of the -.ountry. The Presi-
dent 1ms the sword, but th- Constitutioni gives us
the power to control tlx sword, by holding the
purse. If, sir, we allr* mm. without appropria-
tions hy law, to crea.sthe necessity for appropria-
tions; nav, more. s,r, m the very face of the de-
nial of Congress ® make the appropriation, and
then give him the money, under the specious plea
of deficiency are we not y.elding him the purse,
as well as  >e sword5 It is cowardly in the Ad-
mmist'.ition to attempt to throw the responsi-
bility of this waste of the public money upon Con-
erf* Are not all your estimates made by your
governmental officers? And are not all the offices
of Government filled by Whigs throughout the
country? I make the declaration here, that it is ;
the Whig party who are responsible for these esti- |
mates. They fill all the offices of the country. I i
ask you to look over the whole United States, and
then point to Democrats in office under the Gen- 1
eral Government. Sir, you may go to the poorest i
post offices, where therevenues of the offices do not j
exceed five dollars in amount, and if the Executive ;
could find Whigs there whom he could trust with !
the money, he has turned the Democrats out and j
the Whigs in. That is enough to satisfy me, and |
enough to satisfy the people, that the offices of i
Government are filled hy the Whig party, not- !
withstanding all their cries that they had no friends j
to reward, or any enemies to punish. And all the j
estimates upon which Congress is called upon to ;
act, are given by the Whigs of the country, i
All the estimates for the Departments come from j
Whig authority before this Congress, and we are ,
now told, in the other end of this Capitol, and j
upon this floor, in the very face of all these facts, j
that Congress is to be responsible for these appro- ;
priations; that Congress, and not the Executive of I
the country, is responsible for these enormous ex- i
penditures. And yet they ask us, they ask me, \
and you, to vote for appropriations of this kind; \
and the chairman of the Committee of Ways and ,
Means tells us that we must do it, or the cry will !
be raised against us, that we have suffered these ;
depredations to be committed upon our frontiers, j
When you make an issue between the Execu- >
tive and! Legislative branch of this Government, :
for the control of the purse of the country, I care j
not -what the consequences may be, I will take my ;
stand for the Legislative department to control the
I purse of the country, and not that it shall be placed
, with the sword in the hands of the Executive.
The President, sir, may hold the sword, but we
hold the moving power, by holding the purse.
Shall we, then, surrender virtually our control of
| the purse by allowing the Executive to expend
1 these untold millions of money with the law of
Congress, cutting down his estimates, staring i
him in the face? I ask, sir, has not this enormous ;
expenditure been made by the Executive in de- '
! fiance of a positive prohibition of Congress < Mr.
i Chairman, the principle involved in this appro-
| priation, the contest between the Executive and
the Legislative branch of Government, with me out-
weighs all other considerations. This, alone, will
cause me to record my vote in the opposition.
: But when, in addition to this, the friends of the
j Administration attempt to skulk the responsibii-
• ity, by throwing the blame upon Congress, all
! their howlings about Indian depredations will be
i unavailing to change my fixed determination.
! Mr. Chairman, let the friends of the Adminis-
I tration come up like men—take the responsibility
j' as the Democratic party have always done when
II in power, and not cowardly skulk behind Con-
j j gress, and then th«y shall have my respect, although
| upon principle, I shall be compelled to withhold
c my vote.
i Mr. BROOKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
j mentof the gentleman from Ohio. I ask if Con-
I gress is a mere bed of justice to register the Exee-
i Ti'ive edicts, as the gentleman seems to consider,
! it is the duty of Congress to do? Why, this is
the old French doctrine—the old monarchical doc-
i trine transported to some portions of the Denio-
! crafie party, but repudiated by all the sensible
1 portion of it. Congress a bed of justice to regis-
I ter the Executive edicts ! Congress has its own
; wjH—its own mind—its own power to judge of
estimates, and it is its duty to do it. It is its duty
| to look into every item, and to take the responsi-
! bility of every item. It is bound to know what
j these estimates are, and to scan them. No man
I can go home to his constituents and sav, " I voted
and do not know what I voted for." He is hound
: to know it. He is paid $8 00 per diem to know and
studv out all these estimates. It is his duty to do
| it. Why, sir, the appropriations for the quarter-
master's department last year were cut down, not
$1,500,000, as the gentleman from Ohio says, but
Sj2,300j000. There is no demand now for deficien-
■ oies for this year, but a demand to supply what
Congress did not supply in the appropriations last
year—not $2,300,000 even, but less than £2,000,-
I 000. There would have been no deficiency really
existing in the quartermaster's department, if Con-
gress had done last year what it has done hereto-
i jrore—appropriated the sum asked for by the quar-
L termaster's department. So much in reply to that
portion of the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio. The Executive power cannot take from the
Treasury, as the gentleman from Ohio seems to
insinuate, one farthing of money that Congress
does not appropriate. The Executive power has
spent nothing but what was appropriated by Con-
gress. If the Executive had taken a single cent
from the Treasury, unappropriated by Congress,
I would vote to bring the President here and have
him impeached before the Senate to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman from
New York say that no part of this deficiency is
now expended ?
Mr. BROOKS. I say that the Executive power
cannot take a farthing of money from the Treas-
ury, but what is appropriated by Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true. But the Ex-
ecutive can go in debt, and he has gone in debt.
Mr. BROOKS. I have to say, in reply to that
remark of the gentleman from Alabama, that there
are at times surpluses m the Treasury which,
under previous acts of Congress, the Executive
has the power to use temporarily*- There are sur-
pluses as well as deficiencies, and there are sur-
pluses under the existing Administration, as well
as slight deficiencies, and of those surpluses the
Executive must have availed himself.
Mr. HOUSTON, (m his seat.) The Secretary
says he has not availed himself of them.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, as to the further re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio, upon the
army. The army does not belong to the Whig
party, nor does it belong to the Democratic party.
The army belongs to the country, and to the
whole country, and the Democratic party has as
much-interest in it as the Whig party. The offi-
cers of the army are not Whig office-holders, or
Democratic office-holders, but office-holders be-
longing to the whole country, responsible to the
Executive in most respects, but not removable
by the Executive, except for high malfeasance.
The gentleman from Ohio also remarks that he
cares not for responsibility. The old cry here
was, "perish credit—perish commerce. I care
not for responsibility. Let the heavens fall, I
care not for responsibility." Let that remark of
the gentleman from Ohio go out to the country,
when the people of Texas are pleading upon the
frontier for want of protection, and when the Amer-
icans in New Mexico are suffering for want of
protection from the army. Let our bleeding
frontiersmen on their way to Oregon and New
Mexico—let the settlers, and wood-cutters, and
buffalo-hunters on the Western prairies, hear the
remark of the gentleman from Ohio. " 1 care not
for responsibility."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNHAM. Is it m order to amend that
, amendment by striking out5
;j The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to perfect
J the clause proposed to be stricken out by the gen-
ij tleman from Ohio.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I move to increase the
'! appropriation contained in that clause. §5.
!:' My object in moving that amendment is, of
i' course, to make a few remarks upon that section
| of the bill. And first, in reference to the remark
j made by the gentleman from New York, as to this
j Congress bemir the mere register of the decrees of
i the Executive Department of the Government. It
ii seems to me that that remark, and the idea intended
' to be conveyed hy it, is in keeping with the speech
made by the gentleman on Saturday. Sir, that
i aentleman knows veiy well—as does every other
j member on this floor—that it must ol necessity be
i the duty of the Executive Deportments to have
ii control over the expenditure of this money; they
! must, therefoie, be responsible (or that expendi-
!! tuve; avid they must lay before Congress the
amounts of monev which, from their experience
m the expenditu/e for the previous year.-they
h deem necessary to carry on those particular depart-
I ments of the Government.
; Now, I submit to the gentleman from New
I York, to every member here, and to the country,
:i whether we should be doine our duty here as
members of Congress, m casting aside these esti-
i mates, and taking upon ourselves the entire re-
' sponsibihtv of saying what amounts of money
should be appropriated or should not he appropn-
: ated ? 1 ask if 'be true position to be taken here,
! ls not that these estimates, coming from the de-
li paiiments who have charge of these expendi-
;j tores, should be taken as prima facie evidence that
