820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
these expenditures aie accessary, and whether it
becomes -us as legislators—either as members of
the committee, or of this House—that we should
reduce those expenditures without there is some
sufficient reason for the reduction? So far ns we
are able to find such reasons, Congress is respon-
sible, if they do not inquire into them and make
the reduction in accordance therewith.
But, sir, it seems to me that it is anything but
a high and honorable course—I mean it in no in-
vidious sense—for the gentleman to say here that
Congress is responsible when they cannot get, be-
hind, to see the amount that has been expended
during the first half year, and scarcely know how
it has been expended. Take for instance, the
army in New Mexico. I ask, what member of
Congress, from his own experience, knows any-
thing of the quantity of money that has been ex-
pended, or that may hereafter be expended, in that
service? We have no means of .acquiring infor-
mation but through the legitimate channels of the
Government, and those channels of information
are in the hands of an Administration friendly to
gentlemen on the other side of the House. I ask,
then, are they notresponsible for these estimates?
I ask if we can, with any propriety, cut down
these expenditures unless we sift them to find out
where the abuses are, and then lop off those abuses ?
So much for that point.
In respect to this matter of appropriation for
forage, we did reduce it last year, and it was the
duty of the Administration to have gone to work
and immediately reduced the expenditures. They
undoubtedly have not donethis. But the question
I wish to put to the committee is this: The money
which was appropriated having been expended,
and {.he army being left destitute, shall we leave
it destitute, or shall we come forward and make
the appropriation that was absolutely necessary to
give food to that army for the next fiscal year,
and hold the persons who have squandered the
money responsible before the country ? The re-
sponsibility is not as to the appropiiation of
monev to be expended in future, but the responsi-
bility "which we will hold the Administration to
before the country is, for the manner in which
they have expended the appioprianon made at the
last session of Congress, and which they have
squandered. We feei the necessity of making this
appropriation for the arm}-, that the direful ca-
lamities of which you speak may not take place;
but we do not intend to allow you, under cover of
the sympathy you may express about the exposed
condition of our frontier, to shirk the responsi-
bility of the manner in which the money appro-
priated last year has been expended.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Olds] said that the Administration had expended
§700,000 more than had been appiopriated by the
last Congress. Weil. I should very much .'ike
the gentleman to produce ins proof of it. This
money is not culled fur in oidcr to pay biJ^ winch
have heretofore been incurred, it is called for to
pay the expenses of our army between now and
the 30th of June.
Mr. HOUSTON. Between the tmm the call
was made and June next.
Mr. EVANS. That whs about the 20th of
February. The Secretary of War sent m the
estimates about, the end of December, ond tuM you
the funds on hand would not hist until the Is* of
July. The money called for in this bill has not
been spent by the Administration ^ hhouf fhe unc-
tion of law. The gentleman from Ohio says that
|700,00Q have been expended by the Executive
Government contrary to the act of Congres.-'. He
is entirely mistaken m that. The mi.neyis wanted
in order to bear the expenses of the army between
now and next June.
Now, I will allude to another point. It
been demonstrated, i presume, on the other side
the House, that this is a very extravaga.it Ad-
ministration, and that it has been guilty of gross
abuses. Gentlemen on the other s'ide have dis-
covered that, 1 presume, or they would not talk-
so much about it. Now, if I believed that, 1
would not vote a dollar of this money. If vou
have discovered abuses; if you know that 'the
Administration has been recklessly extravagant 
squandering the public money, it is your duty to
refuse to vote this money, and I will join you in
it. But you cannot prove it. I wish I had an
hour to speak on this bill. 1 am prepared to vin-
dicate and sustain all the expenditures of the Ad-
ministration.
Sir, the gentlemen on the other side of the House
and we upon this side, in talking about this great
expenditure, remind me very much of the gentle-
man in India, who won an elephant at a raffle.
He was not rich enough to feed it, nobody would
I have it, so that he could not give it away; he was
I too humane to kill it, and the authorities would
: not allow him to turn it loose. Now, you won
your elephant when you acquired these territo-
. ries. The expense of your quartermaster's de-
. partment has been less mis year, than it has been
; in any year since the war, and this has been owing
1 to the reductions which were being made by the*
; Secretary of War long before your famous policy
of last year, which is supposed to have led to
them. It is because a system has been introduced
' by the War Department, which is gradually lead-
ing to the result of decreasing the expenditures,
: and those expenses are decreasing. Why, the ex-
pensed for the quartermaster's departmentin 1849,
were six millions of dollars, though you did not
appropriate half that amount, and you expended
§800,000 of the civil fund of California, which they
are now endeavoring to get back from you.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) 1 rise to a
, question of ox'der. If we go into this mode of de-
bate, and travel away from the proposed amend-
. ments, there is no telling when this bill will be got
through with, i propose, therefore, at the very
j beginning, to make a point of order, and let the
1 committee settle it as they may please, and I will
, abide by their decision through the balance of the
discussion. I make the point of order, that the
j rule requires a member to confine himself to the
; discussion of the amendment which he proposes
I or opposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
■ thegenlleman from Alabama to raise a question of
! order upon the rule which requires each member
; to confine himself strictly to the discussion of the
amendment which he offers or opposes. In ad-
!; hering to the rule, the Chair would hold that the
: gentleman from Maryland was not in order.
! Mr. EVANS. Very well, sir. But I only wish
I had an hour tu speak on this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish you had. I wish we
1 all had an hour. But my object is to get along
, with the bill.
The question was then put upon Mr. Dunham's
, amendment to the amendment, and It was not
; agreed to.
i1 The question then recurred upon the amend-
i ment to strike out the whole section.
, Mr. DUNHAM. I wish to make a single re-
! mark upon this bill.
|. [Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
j1 Mr. DUNHAM. I move to increase the
i amount proposed to be appropriated £];>.
Mr. Chairman, I intend to confine myself
1 strictly to tins item, but, at the same time, 1 shall
cull (he attention of the committee to the respon-
j sibmty for die expenditure by this Administra-
j' tion 
| Mr. STANLY. Is that in order?
i Mr.'DUNHAM. I should like to know how
] the gentleman can tell how 1 am going to apply my
j argument before he hears it?
Mi. STANLY. Why, it is enough to tell the
gentleman tiwl he proposes to talk about the re-
sponsibility of the Administration upon an amend-
, men' to increase the amount $15. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will feel iiim-
1 self called upon to confine the gentleman from In-
! diaiia [Mr. Dunham] to an argument on the pro-
priety of increasing the amount $15. But what
i that argument will be it is impossible for the Chair
:1 to anticipate.
Mr. DUNHAM. In order to show the neces-
sity for increasing that amount, it will be neces-
; sary that I should, notwithstanding, showin what
; manner this forage is to be provided for the troops
; there, and how the responsibility lies in the House,
, and then I intend to wind up by showing that n
'j is absolutely necessary, in order to keep our ani-
mals from starving to death upon the frontier, to
make the provision which is made in this bill. I
trust I am in order now.
! The quartermaster has no control whatever over
1 the kind of forage to be furnished, or the quantity
for your animals upon the frontier. They are all
provided for by the regulations of the War De-
: partment, which, I believe, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] had the other day in his
hands while he was addressing the House. These
regulations leave no discretion with the quarter-
master to reduce the number of men or animals in
the service upon the frontier or elsewhere, or to
reduce the provisions to be furnished. That is
in the hands of the commanding officer, and that
commanding officer is responsible directly to the
Commander-in-Chief, and consequently under the
control'of the Secretary of War and the President
of the United States. Now, then, what I want
to get at is this: The responsibility of furnishing
corn, no matter whether it be at ^2, $3, or $>4
per bushel, rests, not with the quartermaster, but
with the commanding officer.
Mr. TUCK. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to make the experiment for the purpose of
seeing whether this rule is to be avoided when-
ever gentlemen chose to do it. X make the point
of order that the gentleman who was just now ad-
dressing the Chair, [Mr. Dunham] was not speak-
ing to the amendment proposed by him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair -thinks that
the remarks the gentleman was indulging in at
the time the point of order was raised, were not in
order. It was not in order for him to debate the
question of responsibility in disbursingthe money,
j] The necessity of increasing the amount of appro-
ji priation is the only question involved in the amend-
J ment, and the gentleman must confine himself to \M
; that question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the gentle-
man have leave to proceed.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not ask it unless I am
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana will proceed in order, unless objected to.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will try to make my re-
! marks m order, if I can. 1 judge of the necessity
j for the increase for the year following, from the
: manner in which this forage has been furnished
during the last year; and we find there that this
forage lias been actually furnished, and in the
manner of which I have spoken, under the direc-
tion of the commander in the field. If it is to go
on for the next year, this bill does not provide a
sufficient amount of money to carry on that sys-
tem.
Mr. TUCK. I will renew my point of order
for the purpose of testing this experiment tho-
roughly, as to whether this committee is to be im-
posed on by such reasons as are being given by
the gentleman for holding himself tn be in order.
It is perfectly apparent to every gentleman upon
the floor that he is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman may assign such reasons as he may
consider proper to show that this increase is ne-
| cessary; and as the Chair stated before, an argu-
ment upon a mere question of responsibility is not
t relevant to the amendment, and, therefore, not m
order. But the gentleman may assign a reason
as to the mode of disposing of this money, and he
may assign that as a reason why the expenditure
should be increased. The gentleman seems to be
engaged in that, and it is not for the Chair to de-
cide whether his reasons are sound or not.
Mr. TUCK. I wish to inquire of the Chair
j vhether it is sufficient for a member to say that
| th'^, that, and the other thing are reasons in favor
1 of a.\ amendment—whether the Chair is not to (b-
■ cide,and the committee are not to decide—whether
j those reasons are applicable and germane to the
j question wider consideration ?
, The CHAJ JJ.MAN. The Chair will decide the
i abstract proposition stated 4y the gentleman to be
out of order. V,ut each particular case must de-
j pend, oil the immediate occurrence, upon its own
, merits. The gent«nian from New Hampshire
I calls the gentleman liorn Indiana to or'ft-r. The
i Chair thinks that the gentleman was not out of
order.
i Mr. TUCK. I feel no particular interest m
confining this debate, but for tW purpose of having
| the principle settled, I will take  n appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gblt lemon from
j Indiana, being a member of the Committee of
| Ways and Means, if there is any doubt a^out the
I legitimacy of the debate, will not press the matter.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will not press the matter.
[ I wish, however, to make a single remark, and I
will take my seat. J wish simply to say .
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"!
