1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
Mr. TUCK. As the gentleman has yielded the !
floor, I will not insist upon my appeal.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have not yielded the floor. j
' 1 will, however, if the gentleman will allow me to i
make « single remark. I
Mr. TUCK. 1 do not, then, withdraw my ap- j
peal. |
The question " Shall the decision of the Chair j
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was i
put, and the decision of the Chair was sustained. 1
Mr. DURHAM. I will not press upon the :
attention of the committee but a single remark. I !
wish merely to state, that by the rules to which I
have referred, the quartermaster cannot change or i
remarks, I shall be sustaining my motion to strike
out the clause under consideration.
I ask with what grace does it come from the
other side of the House to censure us for voting
against this appropriation for the army ? Why,
upon a former occasion, gentlemen upon that side
of the House have said they would not vote for
an appropriation for the support of the army,
though the enemy's cannon were battering down
the walls of your Capitol. Did it not come from
| against this bill of supplies for our army. Mr.
; Chairman, my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] and
: myself united in indignant condemnation of such
i unworthy and unpatriotic sentiments; we de-
| nounced them as outrages upon patriotism, upon
| the country as well as upon common decency; the
; great body of the people sympathized with us in
j those denunciations. Sow, 1 ask him if he is dis-
i posed to follow so soon in the wake of those men;
I is he willing to follow so bad an example, and
i one, too, that has been so signally and indignant-
that side of the House when your soldiers were , „
upon the plains of Mexico, fighting the battles of : ly rebuked by the honest, patriotic portion of the
your country? Who then proposed to stop the | people? I hope not. I have a right to expect bet-
supplies for your army, but welcome them with ' ter things of the gentleman.
reduce the quantity of forage. That falls enUrely bloody hands to hospitable graves? Does the gen- j Mr. OLDS, (interrupting.) I wish to make a
under the direction of the Secretary of War. That !' tleman suppose he can frighten me to vote lor this j single remark. If they hau the manliness to take
is ail I have to say 5 appropriation by saying that the hunters and set- i «-he responsibility, then I would vote them ail the
' Mr. STANLY*. * I could hang a five minutes' :i tier* on our Western frontiers will suffer in con- j Su^le^s^4' i wlU tenlv to that but I
cneech unon that amendment in renlv to some re- sequence of the want of an army to protect them, Mr. HUUfelUxN. 1 w ill repiy to that, but i
! These are the very men to protect your army, ,j must be «cu ed-rcanno affordto.lose any of
instead of your army protecting them. If you ;| my time. The gentleman it the Adimnib-
"ut as theXirman s^is disposedto ^ Ctill ^ give tl/e settlers tWmselves tie power to drive ij tration will, take the responsibility
rule  i:jMn both SeT of the^Mse ali^e,Twill j bacAhe savage, and pay them as you do the sol- ;| will vote tne supplies. Then f
wflive mv rifiu. ! desire to vpi to business. l! diers of the Government, aey v,ou nv
waive my right. I desire to get to business. i" ?<, « ^eru.iwm, u y them
The question was then taken on Mr. Dunham's !: back mless than quick time.
amendment to increase the amount §15, and it ' Mr. BROOKS I rise to a pom m o del I
wa* 11 ao-i-ood tn ' do not obJect t0 the gentleman's discussion, it 1
Tile question then recurred upon the motibn of :j fan reply to his argument about bloody hands and
Mr. Olds, to strike out the whole paragraph. ,j hospitable graves, &c., -
Mr. ORR demanded tellers, but they were not • hav| no iopportunity to rep y
ordered. ! Mr. OLDS. I shouh
The question was then taken, and the amend- j: man reg'l *°_
men: was
counted.
The next
lows:
, like men, he
sk him with
what propriety can he vote against this bill? He
j does not deny that money is needed; not at all;
; but, on the contrary, admits that it is, by saying
i be will vote it if they will come forward like men,
| and avow the responsibility of their own expendi-
I ft* i. _ .    ! :._i_ * L:_
not agreed to—ayes 19, noes not 1
£agraph was then reported, as fol-
:xt nai
>/
4'For transportation of the army, including the baggage
of the troops, when moving either by laud or water; of
clothing, camp, andgariison equipage, and horse equip- ,r  => y, . tl'.p
meiit, ftom the depots at Philadelphia, St. Louis, and New ;■ of legitimate debate neces&auly extends to the
Orlean«, to iiie several posts and army depots; of subsist- i question of the disposition 01 the money under the
once from the places of purchase, from the places of de- ij Q0vernment
livery under contract, to such places as the circumstances 'j rroOKS Then if £ understand the Chair,
of the >ervice may require it to be sent; ot ordnance, ord- ^ uivvjv « w>ni«r
nance stores, and small-arms, from the foundries and 1 it also involves the same ri^nt to> 1 epiy-
armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts and p
army depot* ; freights, tolls, and ferriage; for the purchase
and jure of horses, mules, oxen, wagons, carts, drays, ships, ;
and oilier &ea-gomg vessels and boats, for the transportation
< .' supplier, and for garrison purposes; for drayage and .
cartage at the several posts; hire of teamsters, transporta-
uon • • -• ' - J *
hospitobkf'graves',but I do object if I J tares. Sir, there is no principle to justify his
. r "--•--nitv to reply. ,j course—they cannot escape responsibility by
I should like' to hear the gentle- :! denying that it rest3 upon them; the country will
' make—will justly hold them responsible, and they
cannot shift it off; and for them to say they are,
or they are not, responsible, constitutes no proper
grounds for support of,"or opposition to, this bill.
I have not the least doubt of their sole and entire
responsibility for their expenditures; and whether
they admit or deny it, shall not change my vote.
If the supplies are necessary, they should be voted,
regardless of the manliness or cowardice of the
Administration, (to use the language of the gentle-
man from Ohio,) admitting or denying responsi-
bility.
Another thing I wish to say here. Defeat this
bill if you please; cut down or strike out these
appropriations if you chose; but just as sure as
we do, we will have to pay for it hereafter, and for
Mr. BROOKS. If I can reply to the gentleman
I do not insist upon my point ot order. But I do
insist upon it unless I can do it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will beg the in-
dulgence of the committee to say, that when a mo-
tion is made to strike out an entire clause of the
bill involving a particular appropriation, the range
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman is willing like a
1 ^Ahe^pi^prfatfo^upoi^the^d^nistration'of tli H the reason that yon wilt'not withdraw the army
country^ instead of frying to shirk it off upon t
the Administration by saying that Congr
the appropriation, and therefore the responsibility ;
is upon Congress, it becomes necessary, for gen- jj
tlemen upon this side of the House, to vindicate •
themselves for voting against appropriations of |
this kind. It is for this reason that I rise to oppose
this appropriation in common with others of a sim- : ]
ilar nature. The gentleman need not tell me that the j
necessity for this money has not been created by 1
the Administration. Why, did not the chaiiman I
of the Committee of Ways and Means tell you the j
other day, that the drafts of your Government have :
been protested in consequence of not acting upon ,]
this deficiency bill ? How did this pressing neces- ,
eity come upon us r Why it was because the Ad- j
ministration had incurred this liability, although i
they had not the means of paying for it. It is true ,
they cannot get the money out of the
without an order from Congress, but t-iey
seem the money, they have incurred the utiw .
although they have not the means to pay . And
° >• _ 4L_. ♦Vicnr h«VP '
JhPv cannot" eet the money outof the Treasury, this appropriation? If by doing so we could save
they cannot get m mo y , , J . t[ expeiise, and yet keep up the efficiency of the
witfiout an order from Jj?'8 | , m \ w0„ld say do it; bui at best it would only
; spent the money, they have inclined tne nauuuy, - ^ y .   ^ ^ f] o ns„(Ilt. nm.
and for . curing water at such posts as, from their situa-
tion. require that it be hroughtfrom a distance, eight hund- ;
red and ninety thousand dollars.
Mr. OLDS. I propose also to strike out this j
clause, and I desire to say one word ill reference
to my motion.
If there be any principle involved in voting for
or against this bill, I wish to act consistently in ;
the vote I sliall give upon it. Believing, as I do,
as I said before', that this is really a contest be- i
twecn the long arm of the Executive and the Con- 1
fti-ess of the United States for the control of the j
money of the United States, I feel myself bound
to \ote against all appropriations of this kind, ap-
propriations which have already been refused by •
.! previous Congress. [
When the gentleman from New York [Air.
Brooks] seeks to get my vote for an appropria-
tion of this kind, by talking about the Western
frontlets, I must ask him 
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a point of order. I
-.vant t" know if it is in order to discuss the gen-
eral hillup.'ii a motion to strike out a particular
e\1r OLDS I thinfe the gentleman had better;; of " the Administration
J!r,; w w* * *«-; s«y.~ sk i
mr is me. . , , , ^
Mr. STANLY. I have waited long enough to
hpe that the gentleman is out of order. ivox. uv | f "rVf r OldsI I cannot well i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that : ,
upon a uiiestioii of the character _
] ^ to sinke out a clause in the bill, the range ot
•irt-umuit is much broader than upon an amend-
ment such as that presented by the gentleman from
Iruhana. The Chair thinks that upon a nroposi-
lion to strike out an entire clause m a bill, provi- .
dino- for a particular appropriation, gentlemen
may dt.~<nns« the general range ot expenditures ot
"tonev Iiv tliat department to which it applies.
M-* OLDS The remarks made by the gentle-
man Vmm New York, in favor of a kindred portion
of this bill, apply with equal force to the part pro-
r-o^d -n be striken out. and in answering his
Sieve will be the ease, we will then have to appro-
priate to pay the expenses, if we refuse to appro-
priate now'. That I wish to avoid. Expenditures
to some extent will necessarily be made. Even if
v.-e should determine to bring home the army, some
appropriation would be necessary. Under the
head of transportation, there was nothing avail-
able on the first day of January last, as reported
by the Quartermaster General and Secretary of
War; and if that be true, you could not even bring
home the army, if we were determined to do so,
without an appropriation I Then why shall we
hesitate.' Why not promptly, and at once, vote
what money we may think necessary, and hold
the Administration responsible for its expenditures
and wastes? What will we make by defeating
by spending that money they have created the lie- |
i cessity for the appropriation, and. coward like, ,
, ! I !!;??. aSSt^nAle.1 Yus : Of the means to support that branch of the service
we would have to pay in addition the increased
cost of such supplies as might be purchased for
the army,
because of the embarrassed condition
alone can make the appropriations of money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. A
After hearing the speech of
;iiair decides mat
-ofthat nowpend- ! imagine upon what punciple .u can i
l0t that now pen ^ hi °bilL 'jle says that at one time some distm
* i _i «/v 5io nurti
euished gentleman belonging to the pohtiral party
teU , toi ... J. fl,« TJniiw sniri he would
on the other side of the House, said
not vote an appropriation, though the enemy
batterin0- down the walk of the CapuoL
other time, another distinguished Whig, now
were 1
At ■
m his Place in the United States Senate
would'not vote supplies tor our army m x.I exico,
that the Mexicans might " welcome our troops
with bloody hands and hospitable graves; and
for the utterance of these sentiments, he wdUote
Gentlemen say this money has been expended
contrary to law. It shows that they have not ex-
amined" into the question at all. I desire to read
a section of the law, which authorizes the expend-
iture, although I occupy the same ground which
[ did' in my' hour's sp'pech, and believe that the
fxnpr.ditures have been enormous, improper, and
amounting to abuse. But here is the law, ap-
proved March 1st, 1820:
•• No contract shall hereafter be mide hv the Secretary of
State, or of the Treasury, or of th<* Department of War, or
O'Mlii' tfdw , exc-opt under a law authouzin? tJie eawie, or
except undei an appropriation ad^ijitatp to its fulfillment, apd
cKecnt. al o, contracts lor the subsistence and clothing of
the aoViv and navv, r nd eontraets hv the qauitermaster's
flonartnierit. which may ho uuk'c by the Secretaries of these
department.
lAftpartmeut-'.
Now. sir
; been done.
therr is rhe law unaer which this lias
