824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
way the public money was spent only in the last
fiscal year. Can we see these enormous charges
—the.se exorbitant charges—with indifference? In
face of these things shall we supply the quarter-
master general again with as much money as fee
chooses, yet know nothing of the way in which his
administration of the present year is being con-
ducted ? Why, sir, it would be far cheaper to
house the Indians, than the American soldiers-
far cheaper and easier. l
Means, directly authorizes these contracts to be
made for the subsistence of our troops. " If it is our
duty to withhold the supplies, let us, in the first
place, step foward and withdraw the troops. But
after the troops have been placed in the frontier, let
us not starve them. it is not our duty to do that.
I will tell you, however, what I am in favor of,
so far as this bill is concerned. Wherever there
is an item in it, that is not for a deficiency to meet
a contract already made, my vote cannot be given
I D¥e7enUeman on my right [Mr. Brooks] H for it. I am forfolding that rod over any Admin
li;etU s ,  i. *i iatration, be it Whig or Democratic.
SD^r™ yesterday of these Indians, which in"- |i istration, be it Whig or uemocrauc Your army
2abU the Lders oYf Texas, and I was surprised !j and navy, however when hey have been put upon i
at the wide departure of his statement of their j' the field and upon the water, must be sustained
force from accounts submitted with the report of ji there, and inborn df
the quartermaster general. The gentlenmii spoke
of tiieir number being twenty thousand. Now,
Captain French, who has been among them since
1848, reports to General Jesup, that of all tribes,
ages, sizes, and sexes, the Indians who inhabit the
frontier of Texas—say on this side of New Mex-
ico do not number more than four thousand, and
Mr. STANLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, and 1 wish
i to say a few words upon it. We are informed
i that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
i shall] inquired of the Ways and Means, and
| could not get the information he wanted. Now,
did he "0 before the committee and inquire for it,
1To take jj or did he go here and there, to the member* in
"c . .. , , r j:    wipn fl-entemen were busv wntinp-
care of these four thousand Indian men, women
and children, we have several Indian agents, and
about one thousand eight hundred troops. If we
are to pay house rent for the officers, at $<i00 per
year, and for dragoon companies at $3,600 per
year, it would be better to bribe the Indians to
occupy civilized habitations, and to feed them, than
to present against them so expensive a military
array. Look at it: $219,000 wanted to supply
deficiencies for house rent, &c., &c. I think, sir,
we should teach the officers, at least, that they are
expected to live at a cheaper rental, and therefore
that we should lop off this item.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to correct a statement
which the gentleman from Kentucky has made,
about the Indians in Texas. An agent who has
been among them for many years—while they
were under the government of Texas, and since
then up to the present Administration—estimates
the number of those Indians at about twenty-five
! social chat, when gentlemen were busy writing
i letters, or reading newspapers, or had other things
! more important to employ their time ? If my |
honorable friend wants information about the de-
tails of these items, and if be thinks the commit-
tee is not competent to give it, let him introduce
a resolution calling for the details, bring up the
papers that are befoie the committee, and devote
his attention to them. If he wishes to attack
these estimates, as a friend or foe to the Adminis-
tration, let him, when he has a chance to make an
hour speech, attack the deficiency bill, and not
occupy his time in replying to his colleague in
reference to Butler and Fillmore, and their respect-
ive positions on the slavery question. It does not
come, I think, with a very good grace, from the
o-entleman from Kentucky, to lecture" the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means about the manner in
which they hare discharged their duty. It is true
that there are six Democrats and three Whigs on
that committee, and a Democratic chairman; but
thousand. That is, no doubt, a large estimate. 'I if my honorable friend finds fauit with the man-
; resident Indians in Tex- I: net- in which we have discharged our duty, I shall
The probability is, that the re
as are about ten thousand in number. But m ad-
dition to this, there are Indians in New Mexico
and in the adjoining Indian territory belonging to ;;
the United States, who congregate in Texas at j
particular seasons—winter, for instance—and mix !
with the Texas Indians, and then there are a very ■
large number; in summer, however, it is much j]
smaller. But it is because we have interlopers |
there, belonging to other States, and because the ;
Government of the United States have removed
the Indians west, and they go into Texas, where ji
they ought never to have gone, that alarge portion : 1
of this appropriation is necessary. j
Mr. Pl-VRKER, of Indiana, moved a pro forma !
amendment to the amendment, and paid: ! sim-
ply wish to make a suggestion in regard toa lew i
thoughts which have dropped from the gent'eman
from'Kentucky, [Mr. Marsham..] He says that
he is opposed to these appropriations, and more
especially to those winch he has named, because
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Administration hare not taken it
trj?n themselves to show him in detail, the im-
portance of these appropriations. Now, .1 the
gentleman from Kentucky had listened to the re-
marks made by the chanman of the Ways ard
Means, in his speech to-day, he would ha'.e no-
ticed that he stated cxpret-sly that he could not go
into these things m detai'; and the gentleman from
Kentucky must be aware of the tact that it would
hare been utterly impossible for him to have d->ne
so. Why, it"he had done it, he would have needed
a week rather than an hour. Suppose he had done
it, in what attitude would '.his House be plated m
to go into ail these details ? It strikes me that we
would have been converting ourselves mto a kind
of court ofjustice of the peace.
Now, I am satisfied, fiom the fact that the Ad-
ministration of the Government is in the hands of
the Whigs, that the Committee of Ways and 1
Means is a Democratic committee, and that the
chairman of that committee comes here and asks
for these appropriations; that is enough for me,
especially where deficiencies are said to exist. And
do they not exist here, for this rent ?
I call the attention of the committee to the nota-
ble fact that the act of 1820, which was read by ;
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
ask to be excused from being upon the commit- '•
tee, and that my friend from Kentucky may be !
put there. Let him try his hand at it. Perhaps j
he may be able to take better care of the ways j
and means of the country,and will be likely to get j
more information about them than we can, al- ■
though I think we hare got as much information i
as a=Committee of Ways and Means has ever
done and have given it to the House. We would
have°uven more, if the House had allowed us. Iset
him look to the report of the Secretary of War; he
will find all the facts there; he will find that the ap-
propriations have already been a great deal cut
down. The gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, has announced that he intends to
offer as amendments various appropriations that
are indispensably necessary—amounting to some
two or three hundred thousand dollars. We have
exercised the most rigid economy; and I say to the
o-entleman from Kentucky, again, that it was ex-
ceedingly unkind, and not what, we on this side of
the House had a right to expert from him, as a
friend of the Administration, to scold the Admin-
istration a? he does, or quite fair to say that he
cannot tret information from the Committee of
Ways and Means. If he cannot, it is his duty to
o-o to the head of the Department, and getitthere,
and not cone in here and scold us.
The question was the.i taken on Mr. Parker's
amendment to the amendment, and u was not
agreed to.
"Mr. MARSHALL, of Ifentucky. 1 move to
amend the amendments by striking out the words
" for rent,'" and I do it for the purpose of reply-
in0" to the gentleman from North Carolina. It is
exceeding'v convenient, Mr. Chairman, for gentle-
men of the Committee of Ways and Means, to
say that they were reading newspapers, or writing
letters, or fount! employment more to their taste
than to answer inquiries of gentlemen who, as
representatives, inquired in regard to what the
committee had ascertained about this matter. I
did not stand here to lecture the Committee of
Wavs and Means; but I made the statement, that
I had attempted to learn what conclusion the com-
1 mittee had attained, and what information they
had obtained ss to the manner in which the money
heretofore appropriated, had been spent. He
says that they did not choose to go into details;
that they had not time to go into details. I say
that, as I understand it, the Committee of Ways
and Means have not any information in regard toit,
and that they have accepted, so far as this year's
appropriations are concerned, the declarations of
the quartermaster general, or the officers of his
bureau, " that the accounts have not come in, and
that, therefore, no accounts can be given to them."
I say that it involves the quartermaster general's
bureau in the dilemma of having sent the public
money here and there, without understanding
how it was to be spent, or how they intended it
should be spent, otherwise an account could be.
given which would be satisfactory. I do not ask
for details. I want to know liowinuch money has
been appropriated to New Mexico; how much
has been sent to the frontiers of Texas; and 1
want to know what they have done with it, how
it is to be expended, and that they shall give me
some conclusions on which I may be justified
again to draw the purse stringstof this nation.
It will not do—so far as I am concerned—for
gentlemen to say that I belong to this side of the
House or to that side of the House. Sir, when
my duty as an American representative is con-
cerned, I belong to no side of the House. I be-
long to the country. J belong to the people. When
I came here, I understood myself as being an
American Representative—a representative of the
interests of the whole country, and I should scorn
myself if I could hold anyplace here, understand-
ing that my allegiance was due to a party and not
my country. When I am called upon to appro-
priate the money of this people, I must know how
the money which I have already put into the
hands of the Executive has been spent, and so
help me God, I will never rote a cent without
knowing it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] charges this Administra-
tion with violating the law and abusing the public
confidence by a waste of the public money, not
only by wasteful extravagance, but by expend-
ing'money not in pursuance of law, but against
law, and the expressed will of Congress. Now,
I want the country to notice this fact. I repeat it,
and dwell upon it. I agree with him, and I want
the country to know that the distinguished gen-
tleman from Kentucky—a friend of this Admin-
istration, who consumed an hour the other day in
irrelevant and illegitimate debate in praising the
President of the United States, and in endeavor-
ing to persuade the country that he should be
reelected—voluntarily comes forward and bears
testimony to what I say. that there has been ex-
travagance—that there have been abuses by this
Administration. I admire thegeotleman's candor
in admitting these abuses against his particular
favorite for the Presidency, and T again call upon
the country to notice that my statements are sus-
tained by this distinguished friend of President
Fillmore and his administration.
But the gentlefaan says that the Committee of
Ways and Means have given no intelligible ac-
count of how this money was expended. He
seems to have paid no attention to the de^n'e, or,
it maybe. the committee do not understand what
he may call an intelligible account. The gentle-
man notified me beforehand that he wns foingto
call upon meto-day for information. Did heuoit?
Did he call upon me whe.i I was making mv hour
speech? 1 would hare responded to hi and
given him all the information 1 possessed upon
any point he might hare presented. I night rot,
have been able to give an intelligib'e account, but
I would here responded freelv. But, lo ai d he-
hold ! my speech is made, and he bar: lint a=-ked
for it. And now, he £ets up here and complains
that we have given him no information of these
things. Whose fault is it' Even admitting the
correctness of his complaint, he is more to blame
than the committee; for, seeing we were not dis-
cussing the true point of the case, it was his duty
to call us to it, and ask for the particular informa-
tion desired by him. Private conversation is not
to be repeated here, and I do not intend to refer to
it; but he notified me in the presence of several
gentlemen that he would call on me, in the rourse
of my speech, for information. He never made
the call, and therefore his complaint is not well
founded. And now I use him os <« witness, to
