1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8*27
be absent nearly the whole year. He could absent
himself for anything short of sixty days, return
to the Territory for a day or two, then absent him-
self again. To obviate that objection, the first
section provides, that if he should be absent from
the Territory and his official duti.es for a period
exceeding sixty days in any one year, the conse-
quences shall follow. Another design of the
amendment is to provide for such emergencies as
may arise. Officers who are appointed for these
different Territories may have occasion to return
for their families, and sometimes will have occa-
sion to absent themselves on public duty; and it
is contemplated, when they do so absent them-
selves, with the permission of the President, or
when they furnish a sufficient excuse in the judg-
ment of the President, that the penalty shall not
attach. Another object is to make the provision
permanent; not to have it in an appropriation act,
but in a permanent law, operating upon the offi-
cers of Territories in all times. I will now move
as an amendment to the amendment the following,
to come in at the end of the second section;
And the salaries of said officers, winch have heretofore
accrued, feliall be paid, anything m the said proviso to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. CHASE. I was about to move an amend-
ment, which it seems to me would be more appro-
priate than that offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri. It is to strike out the last clause of the
section, which will leave the judges of the Terri-
tories to the discretion of the President for per-
mission to absent themselves from their official
duties. In the organization of the Territories of
New Mexico and Utah, Congress thought fit to
insert a clause providing that the judges should
not be absent from the performance of their judicial
functions more ftAi sixty days without forfeiting
their salaries, I^may be, and I think is reason-
able, that they should be allowed, in cases of emer-
gency, and with the sanction of the President, to
leave their Territories; but to permit absences at
discretion for an unlimited time, and appeals to
the indulgence of the President, not merely for
payment after this law shall have been enacted,
but for payment before it, seems to me to be going
too far. We all know how important it is to the
inhabitants of the Territories that the presence of
these officers shall be secured; and we know, too,
that in regard to the particular Territories which I
have named, it is indispensable that they shall be
retained in their places by some condition of this
kind. I have heard from highly respectable gen-
tlemen of New Mexico, for instance, that the state
of things there is so undesirable, that if the judges
can be allowed to leave their posts, traverse the
country at pleasure, and then throw themselves
on the discretion of the President'to be allowed
their salaries, notwithstanding such absence, it
will be almost impossible to retain them m their
places. It seems to me to be our duty not to go
further than the law now stands. At most, we
should not do more than authorize the judges to
absent themselves with the leave of the President.
I shall vote against the proposed amendment of
the Senator from Missouri, and then move to
strike out the last clause of the first section.
Mr. GEYER. It occurs to me that recent
events should admonish us that it is necessary to
authorize, under certain circumstances, the offi-
cers to leave a Territory. I do not pretend to form
any judgment as to the cause of the absence of
the officers of the Territory of Utah; but if what
they represent approaches the truth, their condi-
tion there would have been intolerable. It may
be that, m those remote Territories* they cannot
remain and attend to their duties without encoun-
tering difficulties that few men would be willing to
encounter. Now, sir, in the Territory of Utah,
where it is said a state of things exists which ren-
ders it altogether uncomfortable for any civilized
Christian to reside, an officer must retire from the
Territory, and he cannot wait for leave from the
President of the United States. He can go into
the Indian country, and remain there for a period
less than sixty days, under existing laws; return
to the Territory,"and retire again to the Indjfn
country. As the law stands, the judgment against
the officer is peremptory, and Is left to the ac-
counting officer, and to him alone. It is now pro-
posed to submit it to the judgment of the Press-
dent of the United States. If the case should
occur—I do not say it has occurred—that the con-
dition of a territorial officer would be rendered
intolerable, that his own safety and the safety of
his family would require him to leave it, it seems
to me he ought not to be deprived of his salary on
that account, because he was, in effect, expelled.
I think we may safely confide that trust to the
President of the United States. Few of those
officers, unless they had good cause for their ab-
sence, would submit their case to the President of
the United States in a matter of that sort, when
they must come here, make their application at
the seat of Government, and present the facts and
circumstances under which they were induced to
absent themselves from the Territory. If the con-
sent of the President could be obtained before-
hand in all cases, and we were sure of it, I should
have no objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio; but, as it stands now, they are m a
condition very much exposed.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to make an inquiry
of those who have had this subject under consider-
ation, and the inquiry may be understood by
stating that to which it is designed to relate. If I
.understand it, most of the officers of one of the
Territories have left, with the intention of not re-
turning again; but they are, nevertheless, still in
office. Now, sir, will not the operation of this
legislation be to continue their salaries, notwith-
standing they may remain herein Washington, or
elsewhere in the United States, and have no con-
nection whatever with the Territories, and no
connection with the duties of the office, other than
merely holding the position of officers? Will it
not continue them, and continue their salaries?
Mr. WELLER. If I understand the matter
alluded to by the Senator who has just taken his
seat, it is different from what he has stated. I un-
derstand that these judges and other officers de-
sire to return to Utah, but they have reported to
the President, as I learn, that they are unable to
execute the civil law, or the laws of Congress, in
the Territory, without the aid of the military, and
that their persons are not safe. The question
now is, what step can betaken so as to secure obe-
dience in that Territory to the laws that may be
enacted by Congress? In my judgment it would
be very impolitic to send a military force there,
avowedly for the purpose of executing the civil
law. But the difficulty may be obviated in this
way: it is necessary that some military posts
should be established through that Territory, not
only for the protection of the inhabitants from
the Indians, but, what to me is a matter of more
importance, for the protection of emigrants who
are constantly passing that route to the State
which I, in part, represent. Those military posts
and depots might be established as near as possi-
ble to Salt Lake, because in that vicinity there
would be afforded facilities for obtaining supplies,
which could not be obtained elsewhere. They
would at all times be ready to aid the civil authori-
ties in the execution of the law. If they were es-
tablished, I have no doubt that the judges could
return to the Territory in perfect safety, to exe-
cute the mandates of Congress. I would not send
a military force along with the judges, for the rea-
son that I am unwilling to treat these people as
designing to subvert this Government. I know
that there is no very friendly feeling among them
towards the Government, but I would treat them
as a loyal people, although, at the same time, I
would have a military force to compel them to
respect the law.
Mr. WALKER. I am obliged to the Senator
for the information and views which he has ex-
pressed. As far as I have reflected upon this sub-
ject, my mind has come very much to the same
conclusion that his has, that something of the kind
he mentions will be necessary in the Territory re-
ferred to. But the only question in my mind, in
view of this, is, whether the legislation now pro-
posed is not premature? In view of what has been
said, in view of the condition of things there, there
is much more to be done before those gentlemen
can enter upon the duties of their offices, before
they can, in my opinion, safely remain in that
Territory.
Another question is, whether, while we are legis-
lating in view of the state of things which we
know to exist there, we shall make provision for
the salaries of officers who either do not, or can-
not, discharge the duties of their offices. For one,
! must say, that I cannot agree to it. These gen-
tlemen have returned to the States. They tell
us the reason why they have returned. They
acknowledge that they cannot discharge the duties
of their offices. We know they cannot. They
have reported the reasons why they cannot.
Then, while they-are here, it seems to me that it
is incorrect legislation to provide for the payment
of their salaries. I regret as much as any Sena-
tor can, to take this position. 1 know well that
those gentlemen while here hold themselves in
readiness to perform the duties of the offices to
which they have been appointed: It would seem
to be but ref\gonable, hence, that they should have
some compensation. But we are legislating not
for them as individuals. If we legislate at all, we
legislate in view of the interests of the country—
in view of the subject-matter to which their offices
relate. It seems to me that we cannot feel our-
selves justified in providing for the payment of
their salaries, while they are not discharging the
duties of their offices.
Mr. BADGER. I was originally opposed to
the adoption of the proviso to the appropriation
bill, the repeal of which is now sought to be ob-
tained by the bill under the consideration of the
Senate. I thought then, and I think now, that it
was an unjust, and a hazardous, and very impoli-
tic system by which to enforce the discharge of the
duties of public officers, and especially to enforce
the discharge of the duties of judicial officers. If
we had had a system upon this subject—a system
of the Government of long and established con-
tinuance, and we were now called upon to make
an exception out of that general system in favor
of the particular class of officers to whom this bill
refers—the remarks of the honorable Senator who
has just taken his seat, would be entitled to great
weight. But this is the case of a proviso added
to an appropriation bill—a proviso sprung upon
the country, in virtue of which, whether the ab-
sence be with or without fault; whether the officer
be expelled from his post, or prevented, unless at
the peril of his life, from returning to it; or wheth-
er he had absented himself voluntarily and negli-
gently, because he was careless and indifferent in
the discharge of his duty—without reference to
any consideration of that kind, we visit his offense
(treating it as a judicial ascertainment of judicial
default) with the forfeiture of his salary. Now,
such a system as that cannot be right.
Without going into the particular circumstance
to which the Senator from California [Mr. Wel-
ler] has referred; agreeing with him in the senti-
ments which he has expressed on the subject, I
will merely remark, that, however these difficul-
ties may have originated, these gentlemen, with
great difficulty, and at great expense, and at no
small hazard to themselves, went into that Terri-
tory. A state of things has occurred there in
which they cannot remain, and on account of
which they were compelled to leave the Territory.
They are here. It belongs to Congress, as the
Senator from California has said, to institute the
measures necessary to make their return safe and
practicable, in order to enable them to execute the
duties which their officers require in that Terri-
tory. In the mean time, they cannot go there.
And until that state of things which has compelled
them to leave is done away with, can it be right;
is it fair; is it just; is it reasonable, to visit a sen-
tence of starvation upon them while we are en-
gaged—or whether engaged or not, ought to be en-
gaged—in establishing some law by which the
violated authority of the Union maybe restored,
and the peaceable return to that country of these
judicial officers be effected, so that they may ex-
ercise their proper functions as they are exe-
cuted in every other State and Territory of the
Union ?
The proviso itself was originally wrong, in my
judgment. Subsequent events have proved the
injurious purposes to which it may be applied. It
seems to me that the Senate owes it to itself, owes
it to these officers, owes it to the system on which
our public affairs have been hitherto conducted,
to repeal it at once, and declare that no injury
shall result to the parties from its having been
adopted.
Now, whether these gentlemen have the animus
revertendi to that Territory or not, I have no
means personally of knowing. The understanding
is, that they have been, in effect, expelled from
the Territory; and I presume that if, when they
can return there with safety, they do not return,
the President of the United States will discharge
his duty by informing them that they can no
