828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
longer be allowed to hold'offices when they can-
not attend to the duties belonging to them.
Mr. CHASE. I regret very much to be com-
pelled to differ from the Senator from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Badger] on this question. But the
Congress of the United States has thought proper
to define, by law, the terms on which these judges
take their office. They have taken upon them,
under the appointment of the President, the dis-
charge of their judicial duties upon these terms,
clearly understood by them. There can be no
doubt as to that fact. When they became judges
of these Territories, they knew that they would
not be permitted to absent themselves from the
performance of their judicial duties for a longer
period than sixty days without the forfeiture of
their salaries; and that if they should so forfeit
them, they must appeal to the liberality of Con-
gress for the payment, notwithstanding the for-
feiture. If such payment were now proposed as
a distinct and independent proposition, 1 am not
prepared to say how I should vote upon it. But
we are now called upon to legislate for all cases—
not merely the cases which have occurred, but
cases which may hereafter occur. We are asked
to repeal a proviso under which these Territories
were organized. It seems to me that it is unwise.
It seems to me that it is unnecessary.
Something has been said as to the urgency of
the circumstances under which the judges for li tah
left the performance of their duties. I have read
their report; I have read the statements of other
gentlemen who were cognizant of the state of af-
fairs in that country; and 1 have yet to see any-
thing which satisfies my mind at all that they
might not have remained there with perfect safety,
and freely administered justice in all cases which
might have been brought before them. It is very
possible that they might have had very few cases
submitted to them. If they had been sent to a
community of Friends, or Quakers, they might
have had no cases at all brought before them. But
I have no doubt that they were at perfect liberty
to adjudicate all cases submitted—to remain in
that I'erritory, exempt from all danger to life or
person, as long as they chose to stay. Notwith-
standing that, they left the Territory. They left
it, notwithstanding their duties bound them to re-
main; notwithstanding the law bound them to re-
main; notwithstanding the law imposed upon
them a forfeiture of their salaries if they did not
remain.
Now, if we adopt this provision, the practical
result will be, that we shall have judges for these
Territories who are untler no obligation whatever
to remain in them, and discharge their duties.
They will not he bound to go there; they will not
be bound to remain there,if they dogo; they may
absent themselves whenever and as long as they
choose, and still their salaries would be dependant
wholly, not on the will of Congress, not on the
will of the legislative power, but on the will of the
Executive. This strikes me as all wrong. The
salaries of the judicial officers of the Government
should be dependant on the will of Congress, and
on the will of Congress alone; and they should
be confined, in the performance of their func-
tions, to the line which the laws of Congress pre-
scribe. I am, therefore, averse to this amendment;
though, at the same time, as I said before, I am
quite willing to enact into a law a portion of this
bill; that is, so much as authorizes the judges to
leave hereafter, having first obtained the"sanction
of the President. That, it seems to me, is quite
is tar as we can be asked to go. I would not
legislate for past events, but merely for future con-
tingencies.
Mr, GEYER. I rise for the purpose of offer-
ing some explanation of the bill to the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker] who appears to
understand it, diOerent from its real import. It
will be seen, by reference to the first section of the
amendment of the committee, taken together with
the amendment which I have had the honor to
submit, that provision is made only for the pay- \
me.it ot toe salaries which have heretofore ac- i
crued. If tnese officers remain absent from their i
duties and from the Territory, then the first sec- '
tion of 111e act will apply to them, and they must
have leave of the President of the United States,
or theymust show cause that is satisfactory for :
such absence, liic design of the amendment is, ■
without intending to pronouncc any judgment •
noon tie event* which hsve occurred in Utah, to ,
suspend the operation of the proviso in reference
to those officers. That there is a necessity for the
amendment, will appear from a single suggestion.
Every officer who is appointed here, must be ab-
sent from the time of his appointment to the time
when he arrives at theTerntory of Utah—a period
of more than sixty days. If, however, they
should be appointed in a season (as I believe these
officers were) when it is impracticable to pass the
prairies, they will have to be from ninety to one hun-
dred and twenty days absent from the Territory
after the time of their appointment. The proviso,
as it stands, operates as a forfeiture of their entire
salary, because ofthis necessary absence from their
duties and from the Territory. I supposed that
the better way of adjusting this matter would be
to restore the law, so far as the past is concerned,
to what it was before the proviso was enacted.
Then the first section of this act, if it should be-
come a law, would operate heieafter to prevent
any absence without leave of the President, or
without good cause. An emergency may arise
where leave of the President cannot be obtained.
Then, when the good cause should be shown, the
salary ought to be paid, especially if there should
be anything like the emergency supposed in the
report made by the officers from Utah.
The effect then, of this bill, if itshall be passed,
will be this: the salaries, as far as they have ac-
crued, will be paid. But, if any officer shall re-
main, after the passage of this act, sixty days ab-
sent from his duties, without leave of the President,
or without showing good cause to the satisfaction
of the President for such absence, he will forfeit
his salary for the period of his absence. That is,
I suppose, the extent to which the provision ought
to go. For my own part, I happened to be in a
minority in the Committee on the Judiciary. I
favored a total repeal ofthat proviso, for the reason
stated by the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina. But it was thought better to have a general
provision upon the statute book, which should se-
cure the presence of these officers hereafter; and
under circumstances where judgment should not
be taken upon them from the mere fact of absence,
but that an opportunity should be given to present
to some other tribunal, a sufficient excuse for that
absence.
Mr. BROOKE. 1 would ask respectfully, why
it is, that an exception is made against these par-
ticular judicial officers, which does not prevail
against any other officer of the Government? The
Judges of the Supreme Court and the District
Judges are not liable to a forfeiture of their salary
in the event that they fail to perform their duties,
either in whole or in part. I know very well that
the Circuit Judge of the United States, assigned
to the circuit in which is included the district of
Mississippi, has not been performing duty in that
State for several years. And yet I never heard of
any liability being imposed upon him of a forfeitui e
of a portion of his salary. Does not the Consti-
tution extend to and protect these territorial officers
as well as other officers of the United States? If
so, then my inquiry is answered.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
Mr. CHASE. I now move to strike out all af-
ter the word " absence," to the end of the first
section of the amendment—being the words " un-
less good cause for such absence shall be shown
to the satisfaction of the President." The effect
of the amendment will be to allow an officer of any
of the Territories to absent himself if he obtains
leave from the President of the United States, and
to be paid his salary if he has such leave. It will
not at all affect the provision which has just been
adopted by the Senate, but will make it necessary
for an officer, in all cases, to obtain the previous
assent of the 1'resident, before he <-an leave his
post.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made in Conftiuttee of the
Whole, were concurred in.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to inquire whether
this bill is intended to cover all the officers within
the limits of the Territories, or only those officers
necessary to the territorial government.
Mr. GEYER. It includes all who were covered
by the proviso to the appropriation act of last year.
Mr. ATCHISON. What officers in those Ter-
ritories are covered by that proviso ?
Mr. BADGER. The judges and the secreta-
ries, I believe.
Mr. GEYER. The proviso is to the appropri-
ation for the salaries of the governors, judges, and
secretaries of the Territories.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I have no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
NON-INTERVENTION.
The resolution some time since submitted by-
Mr. Clarke, on the subject of non-intervention,
came up as the special order.
Mr. BELL. Before the question is finally ta-
ken on these resolutions, I wish to say something
in regard to them, as my feelings have been some-
what questioned. I am very indifferent as to the
time when I shall be heard. The Senate may fix
on any time they may think proper. Perhaps this
day week will be acceptable to the Senate. I un-
derstand that there are two measures, the French
spoliation bill and the bill for the establishment of
a navy-yard in California, which the gentlemen
most interested in them are desirous to have dis-
posed of this week. I have, therefore, suggested
this day week as proper for the consideration of
these resolutions. If that is not acceptable to the
Senate, I will name any other day.
Mr. CLARKE. Let it be the first Monday in
April.
Mr. BELL. The Senator from Rhode Island
suggests the first Monday in April, which will be
next Monday week. If that day is agreeable to
the Senate, I have no objection; and, therefore, I
move the postponement of this suWtct until that
day. _ •/
The motion was agreed to. y
NAVY-YARD AND DRY-DOCK IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to establish a
navy-yard and depoton thebay of San Francisco,
in California.
The Committee on Naval Affairs report the bill
with an amendment, to authorize the President to
provide for the construction of a basin and rail-
way in connection with the sectional floating dry-
dock now being constructed at San Francisco, in
California; and also to authorize him to allow
additional compensation (not exceeding double
their present pajr) to the officers he may appoint
to select the site for the navy-yard in San iran-
cisco bay.
Mr. Badger, some time since, proposed an
amendment to the amendment of the committee,
which was to substitute " the Secretary of the
Navy," for " the Presidentof the United States,"
in making the contract for the construction of the
basin and railway, and allowing extra compensa-
tion to theotlicem for performing this service; and
also to appropriate $500,000 for carrying this act
into effect.
Mr. GWIJV. Mr. President, the Committee
on Naval Affairs did not report tin's bill without a
full examination of the subject. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, the necessity of establishing a
navy-yard in California was, through a resolution
offered by me, brought to the notice of the com-
mittee. The Secretary of the Navy was consulted,
and recommended that an appropriation should
be made to commence the work, and the com
mittee, by a unanimous vote, instructed the chair-
man to propose an amendment for this object to
the naval appropriation bill.
It is well known to the Senate that the appro-
priation bills were near being lost at the last ses-
sion by a protracted discussion on the river and
harbor bill. When the naval appropriation bit'
came up, and the chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee was on the floor proposing the amendments
he had been instructed to offer, ihe chairman of
the Finance Committee [Mr. Hunter] announced
to the Senate that if another amendment was per-
mitted to be offered to the bill it would be lost;
and thus the subject passed over. On the first
d^y of this session I gave notice that I would offer
a bill establishing a navy-yard in California, intro-
duced it a few days thereafter, and had it referred
to the Naval Committee. It was amended so as
to include the basin and railway for a dock, and
brought before the Senate m its present shape.
When the bill was called up on a former occa-
sion, the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brod-
