1852.
the congressional globe.
„ This part of the bill was intended to do away
with the necessity of further legislation as to the
selection of a site. The Senator says this coun-
try has no necessity for national defense, because
no nation wants to go to war with us. This may be
true now, but will it always remain so ? If theSen-
. atorwas the emperor of t!Ee world, and should issue
his edict that there should be no more wars, then
there would be no necessity for national defenses
here or elsewhere. Unfortunately for mankind
he has not this power; and I prefer adhering to
the time-honored policy of this Government <{to
prepare for war in time of peace." The question
now is, shall we make this preparation on the Pa-
cific coast of the United States. Arguments in
favor of the expenditure of public money in any
State of the Confederacy have less weight, when
they come from a representative of such State,
than when they emanate from an entirely disin-
terested source.
It is fortunate for me that 1 can bring high au-
thority to my aid in favor of this bill, by reading
from an able report, made by the Naval Commit-
tee of the House at the last session:
"The next object which has encaged the attention of (he
committee is that which relates to the naval defense of our
western coast.
"The acquisition of California, and the occupation of
Oregon, have extended our sea front from the Atlantic to
the Pacific ocean. The national defenses to be provided
for those distant shores must, of necessity, be almost en-
tirely naval. The approaches from every other direction
except from the sea are difficult and doubtful, and may easi-
ly be well secured. But so weak and helpless against hos-
tile approaches on the sea front are our fellow-citizens on
the Pacific, that it i& within the reach of anv third orfourth-
rate naval power with whom the United State* may be at :
war gieatl} to haira&sand annov them. So dependent are
they upon ships for supplies of all kinds, that a blockade uf
*ber principal ports for a few months would reduce the State
of California to a starving condition.
'£ The average population of California, for the last year
may be estimated at 200^000; and it may be assumed, that
during the year there were about 2,000 vessels of all des-
criptions which entered her ports. This estimate is suffi-
ciently accurate to show how entirely dependent that coun-
try is upon the sea, and how vulnerable from that quarter;
for it proves that, m the aveiage, one ship is required to
suppl) the wants and necessities of about one hundred Cal-
ifornians—so little do they produce except gold, and so de-
pendent are they upon foreign markets. The world would
not afford sea-going vessels enough at this rate to fetch and
carry for the people on this side of the Rockv mountains;
lior does the world afford another instance of a people so
dependent for supplies upon the sea, or so exposed and so
utterly helpless in case of attack by sea, as are the people
oi California m their present condition.
"A blockade of our Atlantic ports might interfere with
our intercourse abroad, but it could not bring the people
here to such a degree of suffering, distress, and misery as
would he inflicted on the people ot California bv a blockade
of their coast. The voyage by sea hence to California and
Oregon is the longest vo\ age known to navigation; and as
far as the naval defense? of that State and Territory are con-
cerned. they are a^ a colony in the. mo«t distant part of the
world, which m war the navy has to protect, and the route
to which would be thronged with the enemy and beset with
dangers.
in providing the means of naval defense, or planning a
couise of naval policy, regard must be had to the situation
and condition oi othei nations.
" Seeing. then, the inea e of attack, and knowing the ex-
tent of their resources at sea. and oui own, we can the bet-
ter judge as to the degree and kind of preparation which it
behooves us to make.
'• Owing to the great naval resources of the States upon
the wat'-rs of the Atlantic, it never has been and never will
be consistent with the true policy of the country to keep up
in peace a standing navy in proportion to the standing navies ;
of other countries. Hence, thouuh we find the United States i
the first commercial nation foi tonnage, she is only the nfth 1
in actual n i\al foice. Thenaue? of Great Britain, France, i
Russia, and Turkey, all carrv more gtm<than the American |
navv. and theEg\ ptian navy has onh seven guns less. ;
In proportion to commercial marine, tiie navy of the !
United States is the smallest navj m the world. The na-
tion* of Europe support navies that mount sometwent}, >
some ten. hut all more than two guns tor every 1,000 tons |
of commercial shipping ; whereas we mount, on the aver- '
age, rather Ie  than one gun. Gieat ttritam has six, France I
ten, Ilu-Ma fwent\ -four guns tor every 1,000 tons of ship- ;
ping owned L \ their merchants. The naval force to be kept j
ordmaiily in commission should not. in the judgment ol ,
your committee, < vei reach such a flyur«? a- these navies '
presf in. nor do the public inteie t< leqnire that in times of
profound peace it should exceed one thud oi one touith of |
the lowest of the-o rates.
" A< commerce expands and increases, the demands upon 1
the navy for service alM> increase ; therefore, there seems ;
to eu-t somewhere a iauo between the tonnage of com- j
mu'-c and the guns of aimed ships which, it it could be
diveovered, an o\ e being tin n«*d to the degree ot preparation '
of other navies and our own resources, would determine
the proper size and the most judicious rate of growth tor
the \iiiene.in navy. That nav\ is no larger now for the ■
protection ol both the Atlantic and Pacific coast* than it
was for the protection ot the Atlantic coa^t alone ; tot the
present size was determined before Tc\as was annexed,
California a<-quirrd, or Oregon occupied. This increase
of sea ft out, theretote, would seem to call foi an expansion ^
of the na\y. Hut the committee do not piopose any enlarge- j
m«M; they believe that the fundamental changes already 1
831
suggested in the models and armaments of our ships, to-
gether with other arrangements which may be easily adopted
by executive authority for increased activity and efficiency,
rtabshn,eme PreSeMt l0r°e amply sufficient tbr a Pea<*
" In the opinion of the committee the naval resources of
tne Atlantic fetates,m contradistinction of the Pacific States
are unrivaled. The railroads, canals, and othergreat work!
and thoroughfares which penetrate into the interior and in-
tersect among the mountains, have converted a!mo t every
forest into a timber-shed for the navy. The tonnage ot the
United states is the greatest in the world. Our merchant
slaps are unmatched tor speed and unequaled in size. We
build more ships than any other people, and we may almost
be regarded as anationofship-builders. With&ailorsenough
in peace to man the largest commercial marine that ever
spread its sails to the breeze, we should have from that ser-
vice gallant tars enough in war to man the largest fleet the
world ever saw.
" With such means, lesources, and facilities at command
tor stretching out the naval arm upon the Atlantic in war, it
would be neither wise nor desirable in peace to provide
either ships or guns according to the numbers which Great
Britain or any other nation may choose to build. All things
considered, the Pacific coasts require the protection of a
much larger navy in proportion than the Atlantic ; for the
case is ditfeient there. We have no private ship yards; no
ship-builders; no timber-sheds; no railroads running from
the sea-board up into forests of ship-timber; nor any
other ol the facilities for building up a navy. All the mate-
rials for creating a navy there must be sent hence over that
long, tedious, and dangerous route, which in war would be
controlled and commanded by Great Britain.
" First standing in the middle of the great highway to
California is the island of Bermuda. Ships from the south-
ern ports bound to the other hemisphere pass on one side
of this island, while those from the Northern State* pass on
the other side of it. It is a powerful posfnon, amply pro-
vided with coals, munitions of war, and military stores of
all sorts. A few steamers stationed <is lookouts off' that
island would give intelligence of the approach, in war, of
any fleet bound to California. Escaping here, the rock-
bound island ot St. Helena, another centre of naval opera-
tions in the South Atlantic, stands on the wayside of our
road to California. But getting safely bv tins, we next come
to the Falkland Island*, another station upon which the
Bntish navy is pcrched right in the middle ot our road. Es-
cape here would be a miracle; tor at this point tin* tracks
of ail vessels come together preparatory to doubling the
cape. But if the fleet for the succor ot "Cahtorma should
pass by this port without molestation, it would be only to
encounter the storms and tempests of the cape, and there,
in that inhospitable region, to buffet with the ancient and
unsubsidized allies of that pioud realm, as tlie winds of
heaven were once styled by a British statesman; and, alter
all these dangers are passed, the haven we seek would still
be three months off.
"The idea, therefore, of sending to our Pacific coasts any
succor in time of war aiound Cape Horn, or of furnishing
any navy supplies by such a loute, is a mere chimera—
wholly and utterly impracticable.
"Taking this view of the subject,the committee propose
to consider the means of naval defence which economy,
true policy, and a sound forecast requue should be provided
for California and Oregon. Having determined that, they
propose to recommend a plan for accomplishing it.
" As to the extent of the naval preparauon^ which ought
to be made in peace for the defense m wai of any coast
line, there is room for wide and honest differences of opin-
ion, more especially as neither the time nor the motive of
that war can be foreseen, nor canil be known who the other
belligerent may be. But in this case and on this occasion,
though some degiee of piepaiation is necessaiy, that pre-
paration involves no tedious undertaking nor extravagant
appropuations.
" No respectable naval power is to be found on the shores
or among the islands of the Pacific. There is not so much
even as a dock-yard to be found, from one extent to the
other of that vast ocean. The committee cannot learn,
though inquiry has been made, that there is a single portm
the Pacific ocean, or along its shores, that is at this time
capable, with its own resources, of building or equipping
so much even as a second class fngate. Maritime nations,
as England, France, and Kus<m, have colonies there, but
no naval stations of any consequence whatever.
" Hence it appears that the naval supremacy on the sea
is easily acquired, and when oncc acquned and placed m
hands as stiong as those of the United States, it will not be
likely soon to be wrested from them, or even to be dis- ,
puted. In the event ot war, Great Britain finding us un-
prepaied oi without naval resources in California, would, j
by means of her stations and other facilities, send a foiee
there superior to the small one now kept, m commission,
and so ovei power us>, at least, seeing thai we were unpre-
pared, she would be induced tit make the attempt.
" But if at the breaking out of war she should see ships
already built and 1\ ing m ordinary m our Pacific ports: if
she should see there the means and facilities of equipment
and repair—none ot which she has; if she should also see,
m connexion with this state of prepaiation, the Maiblehead
and other fishermen whom the wai would throw out of em-
ployment, and of whom J2,000 are engaged in their hardy
occupations, on the waters of the Pacific; it she should see
there these very men, standing as a corps of reseive and
leady to act, who, m Old Ironsides and othei ships, gave
her in the last w ar such cause of remembrance, she would
no doubt be disposed to leave us alone in that quarter.
" As long as ships can be built on the Atlantic and deliv-
ered on the Pacific coat-t cheaper than they could be built
there, hue policy and economy require that they should be
built hcie and sent theie.''
1 will detain the Senate but a few minutes longer
while I express my regret that the prevailing
spirit of the present Congress seems to be adverse
to the extension of the system of mail steam-ship
lines. There are great defects in the system; but
these defccts should not be used to destroy it. Let
us avoid the errors of former laws, butnever aban-
don a system which is intimately connected with
our commercial prosperity. I shall, on a future
occasion, go more fully into this subject, and con-
tent myself, for the present, with showing what a
great advantage Great Britain would have m a war
between the two countries, by usmg'for war pur-
poses the steam-ships now employed by that Gov-
ernment in carrying the mails all over the world.
In the event of such a war, Great Britain would
arm her mail steamers and fill them with seamen
to man the prize vessels they may capture. She
has these steamers in all quarters of the globe.
One large gun upon each would answer her pur-
poses. *
Her Mediterranean mail steamers would be or-
dered to the Straits of Gibraltar, PTere they would
capture every American vessel in the Mediterra-
nean sea, and all vessels bound thither, and send
them into Gibraltar for confiscation and safety.
Her Oriental steamers would be ordered to
cruise off the Straits of Sunda, Gaspar, Macas-
sar, and the Cape of Good Hope. This would
enable them to capture nearly every American
vessel in the East Indies. Their prizes would be
sent to Singapore and Cape Town, or the Cape
of Good Hope, for safety and "confiscation.
Her Rio and Rio de la Plate steamers would be
ordered to cruise on the Equator, and they would
capture all the vessels that escaped round the Cape
of Good Hope and Cape Horn, as well as all ves-
sels going to and from Rio de la Plate and the
Brazils. Their prizes would be sent to the Palk- '
land Islands, St. Helena, Jamaica, and other
islands in the West Indies for safety and confis-
cation.
Her West India, Boston, and New York steam-
ers would be ordered to cruise off the harbors of
the United States, and their prizes would be sent to
Bermuda and Halifax for safety and confiscation.
Her Havre steamers would capture all vessels
sailing to or from Europe.
I now come to the North Pacific ocean. Here
alone Great Britain has no fortified point where
her prizes could be deposited for safety and con-
fiscation. But she could soon remedy this defect.
The Sandwich Islands are powerless, and contain
some good harbors, and the past history of Great
Britain shows that she would not hesitate to seize
these islands, and make their harbors the asylum
for her prizes. Thus her Pacific steamers would
capture our whalers and merchant vessels in that
ocean and send them to Biron's Bay,or someother
harbor in the Sandwich Islands for safety and con-
fiscation.
That this is no exaggerated statement of the
power of the British Government in the event of
a war with this country, is easy of demonstration
had I the time to enlarge upon the subject. It
should be borne in mind that her mail steamers
are built with express reference to their use as war
steamers. I am informed that simultaneously
with their building armaments, are prepared and
deposited at ports where they can, at short notice,
be fitted to the vessels, and have them ready for
war service.
The only point on the ocean, where we have any
advantage over Great Britain, is in the North Pa-
cific. As shown in the report I have just read,
there she has no fortified harbors, naval depots,
or docks for the repair of vessels. Her steam
marine is weaker there, than m any other part of
the world. We have already more than a dozen
steamers engaged in carrying the mails from Pa-
nama to California and Oregon. With a fully
equipped navy-yard, and such a dock as this bill
proposes to build, we could, in an incredibly short
space of time, turn these steamers into vessels of
war, and sweep the Pacific ocean, sending our
prizes into San Francisco for safety and confisca-
tion. With a knowledge of the fact that her
whole Pacific commerce would be destroyed, and
her East India possessions endangered, Great
Britain would not engage in a war with this conn-
try, unless forced to do so by us. Although she
could, as stated, cut up and destroy our commerce
with other parts of the world, yet with ocean su-
premacy on the Pacific in our hands, it would be
a question of the dismemberment of her empire.
In the North, we would seize her North Ameri-
can possessions, and in the East we would destroy
her dominion in Asia.
I have spoken of the dozen mail steamers run-
ning between Panama, California, and Oregon,
