83-2 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which we could equip as war vessels in an emer- siort, a call was made oil the pfavy Depaitmeut
xrency, it' we had the necessary means of docking || to say which was preferable, a basm and railway,
and nttinp" them up. But give us the important j or a pier, such as was in use on the Atlantic coast
works asked for in this bill, and we will soon have jl for the commercial marine. The Secretary of the
five times as many steamers, and a vast naval 'j Navy responded thus:
fleet in ordmarv in the bay of San Francisco; that |i "In reply to so much of the resolution as inquires
i i ; ,.u' in enmrnisdinn ni] thus sp. i' ' whether, m the juilgment of the head of the Department,
could be speedily put m commission, and thus se- ado(Jk noi bc=constructe(i sufficicnt for 3|| the pur-
po^eti of the navy, at much less expense to the Govern-
ment than the one contemplated by the act aforesaid,' I
have to state that, in my opinion, a sectional dock al >ne,
without the addition of a basin and railway, but with a pier
to secure it, would answer every demand of the navy, on
the coast of California, tor many years to come. Such a
dock has recently raised the >teuin-ship Ohio, belonging to
March 23.
'cure to us'the undoubted naval supremacy of that >
ocean.
Hut what is our present condition .J Why, we ;
have no means of repairing the smallest injury to '
a vessel of any size on our Pacific coast. If such ;
a steam or sail-vessel is injured in the North Pa- !
cific it must be abandoned, if it is not capable of
running down the coast, thousands of miles, to
Panama to be beached and repaired. The tide at
Panama rises upwards of twenty feet, and the
largest vessel can thus be beached and repaired.
VVe have no such natural advantages in the North
Pacific. The steamer Republic struck on a rock
in a fossjust before entering the harbor of San
Francisco. She got off, went into port, was re-
paired as well as it is possible to repair a vessel
on that part of the coast, was dispatched whence !
for Panama with four hundred passengers, sprun.
Messr?1. Law k. Co., in the haibor of New York, which j
fehip js over tiiree hundred feet in length. f
'« The cost of the dock alone would ceitamlj be much '
lcs-s than one half, and possibly not more than one Hard, oi j
the amount proposed to be paid for the whole work as '
herein stated. The addition ot the pier to secure it, and ren- ;
der it capable of use, would probably not exceed $50,UW. ;
These nan be completed and ready for use in two year* at |
most, and may be in fifteen or twenty months; while the j
addition ot the basm and railway will require from four to ■
five years to complete them.'" j
I So that I propose that within a few months a
| pier, m connection with the floating dry dock,
! ordered at the last session, shall be erected, in-
a leAk, and with the greatest difficulty got into j! stead of the project of the Senator from California,
Acupulco, and sunk in an hour after she cast : r
anchor. She was again repaired so as to cet to
Panama with great difficulty, endangering the lives
of the four hundred passengers and crew. On my
way to take my seat at rhis session of Congress,
the steamer Carolina put into Acupulco in distress,
with three hundred and fifty passengers on boaid,
having .sprung a leak north of that port m a severe
gale, and thus put in jeopardy the lives of every
one on board. With a dock, basm, and railway
at San Francisco, every steamer that leaves with
such an immense number of passengers, would be
examined before she left port.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have a double purpose
in taking the /ioor at this time for a shoi t time.
Til the first place, 1 wish lo make some observa-
tions by way of a reply to the remarks made by
lhe Senator from California on a former occasion,
as well as tho^e which he has made to-day. And
in the second place, 1 wish to reonforce and sus-
tain, with additional facts and arguments, the
position which I assumed the othei day, that this
basm and railway was not only without the
recommendation of the Navy Depaitment, but
was m opposition to it, and was useless and un-
necessary.
Mr. Piesident, the question now to be decided
is not whether we shall fortify the coast of Califor-
nia—the question now befoie the Senate is not
whether wc shall hare steamers all over fIn* woi Id.
The (jilo* Hon, and theonly question, and the only
point of any importance, to which 1 wish to call
the attention of the Senate, is the propriety of
erecting a basin and railway in connection with a
dock in California, which would cost, as 1
u i y
have said, from Si,000,000 to $1,.300,000. And
I repeat, that it will cost thai sum, notwithstand- '
trig what tlif honoiabie Senator from California i
has said, aod I will follow my assertion w uh the
proof pie.>ently. He admits that it will cost some-
dun;; moie than ^800,000. We all know the d'f-
t'crcnce between the actual cost of such improve-
ments and the original estimates, and that they
ftequetiilv cost twice a- much as the original esti-
matew. 'These gentlemen originally offered to
build the railways for a little more than *,40,000,
and they ha\e received o\er $400,000 for them.
Mr. i-Y« sident, the honorable Senator says that
he is anxious 'o have the western coast fortified.
I am als'> anxious to have it fortified, and hence (
object fo tins projected by-an and railway, die
•onsfructi.ui of which would occupy five or six
years, i ill follov up that assertion v. uh the
proof; ai.'l if the honorable Senator is very anx-
loas to hcH'e ihc weVtrrn coast fortified. and our
commerce sustained m the Pacific, he will go with
me and adopt the bill which 1 have prepared as a
sui'stkuie for the one now under consideration, i
have modihed tins bill, and prepaied One in com-
pliance with tne reeummenuauon of the Navy
Department, m favoj of a o.er, which will cost
only '750,000, notwithstanding wnat ;.:e Senator
has sai':, in pluc^ of the basm and rauway, which
will cost di least <1.000,000. It could, uiso, be
constructed m a \ear 01 sixtct-n mr.ivhs, and our
commerce will be aided 111 that time; whereas, the
orojectof the Senator from Gnht'nrma would ren-
der five or six years necessary, the last ses-
which will require six years to complete. I pro- j
pose to give the proper protection to our com- I
merce on that coast within a year ; he proposes !
to give it in six years. That is just the difference j
between us, sir. ;
The Senator says that this basm and railway j
has been recommended. Well, sir, although it ;
may have been recommended by Mr. Henshaw— !
who, by the way, never was confirmed by the
Senate, and never occupied a place there but a !
little while—the weight of authority is against it. i
I did not look at his report. I examined those !
of Secretary Mason, the late Secretary of the i,
Navy, and I can find no Secretary of the Navy .
who has recommended this project. All have '
been heretofore opposed to it. And not only were |
they opposed to it, but, sir, so well satisfied was ,
Congress at the last session, with regard to this J
question, that they abrogated an alleged contract i
for this buam and railway—as ran be seen by a \
reference to the Navy appropriation bill. But j
yet the Senator, notwithstanding this solemn de- j
cision of the Congress, at the last session ; not- !
withstanding the decision of the Navy Depart- j
ment, comes here again with this project, and at
the same time complains of the delay in the erec- !
tion of a naval establishment 011 the coast of Cali- j
fornia. Whose fault is it that there is delay r I |
put that question to the Senate. I did not propose [
the bill now before the Senate ; I only pioposed |
this particular item in this bill, and yet the Sena- ,
tor from California directs his argument against |
me, as if i had opposed fortifications and a navy-
yard and depot on the coast of California. I macle ;
my argument, and based it upon facts and figures, j
to show that a basin and railway would not only '
be useless, but unnecessary. i
The Senator says that a pier will be eaten by !
worms. f would like to know if this floating dry !
dock will not also be eaten up with worms. i
Mr. GWIN. That will be coppered. 1
Mr. BRODHEAD. Very well, sir; cannot you ,
copper a pier?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 do not understand why
you cannot; you can drive in copper nails all over
it, if you please. If a floating dry-dock can be
preserved from being eaten by worms, the pier
can also be preserved; so that there is a perfect
answer to the argument of the Senator.
But the Senator says the dock is not to be j
erected until the test is made at Philadelphia. That 1
is just the way these docks have been going on 011 .
the Atlantic side. The gentleman says we have
a great jnany. At whose instance have we a
great many? At the instance of the gentlemen
who have a patent for them, and who have ob-
tained Congressional docks in opposition to the
recommendation of the Navy Department. That
is che way they are managed. We have a little
of the responsibility in Congress, and a little at
the Navy Department. We order a dock with-
out any adequate knowledge of the necessity for ,
it*, and if we were upon the ground to examine
the site, are we able to judge' Is this the proper '
tribunal to judge of such matters, and to make 1
contracts5 if contracts are to be made, they,
should be made by the Executive departments of ■
; the Government. We order the contract to be
, made, and to be made with particular persons,
| thus excluding competition; because competition
i is excluded when you order a contract to be made
with certain individuals, who have a patent for a
1 particular thing.
He says it is not to be erected till it is tested in
j Philadelphia or IviUery. Well, sir, how long is
! this trial to be delayed? This basin and railway
■ were to be erected, according to the returns given
1 in answer to my call for information on that sub-
ject, and were to be completed, tested, and taken
off the hands of the contractors last June. Sir,
: although they may have been taken off the con-
: tractors' hands, and although they may have got
their money, no test has ever yet been made; and
I find ui the deficiency bill, reported in the other
! House, an item on this subject which is worth
mentioning, to show how these things are man-
aged. It is a little curious:
To pay reserved per centage, under contract, for luii)<hng
a dry dock at Philadelphia   &f>,933 68
To pny Jbr dredging the river in front of the dock
at Philadelphia 12,000 00
This basin and railway were to be taken off their
, hands last June, according to the contract. A
' vessel was taken there, but, of course, she could
! not be taken in. Nevertheless, the money was
paid. The expenses go on for dredging, and we
must pay them, sir. We have now expended
$3,078,000 for these docks; and that, too, within
the last live years; and no Government vessel or
ship of the line has ever yet been placed upon one
of them, to my knowledge. The Senator from
California can correct me if 1 am in error.
Now, sir, if we are going to build docks, let us
test them, and not have a little responsibility on
Congress, and a little 011 the Navy Department.
1 will go a little, sir, into the history of these
docks, and how the business has been managed,
and how the money has gone from the Treasury.
We have had this dock business before Congress
about eight years. That is long enough. 1 am
opposed to monopolies. These gentlemen have
obtained upwards of S3,000,000 for building docks
—tiiat is quite enough, m my opinion, to one set
of men; they had a patent, and consequently had
little or 110 competition to encounter.
I will read die amounts which they have obtain-
ed, and then will show, by their memorials, how
much they proposed to build them for, and then
the Senator from California can see whether this
proposed structure in California will not amount
to a million and a half of dollars, when I show
their propositions made some years ago, and how
much these works did actually cost.
Up to the year 1845, or 1843, this Government
had expended $1,650,446 upon docks. We had
passed through the war of the Revolution, and the
war of 1815, having expended only that amount
of money for docks.
Mr. DAWSON. Up to what time :
Mr. BRODHEAD. Up to the time of the
commencement of'the .stone dock at New York,
' which was about the year 184*2, 1 believe.
Mr. BADGER. It was 1841.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then we paid for the stone
dork $5,146,255 -36. Then these gentlemen came
on with their propositions, the one set claiming a
patent for a particular kind of balance dock, and
another for a sectional dock. The matter was
contested for some time before Congress, as 1 learn
from the memorial, and finally they united togeth-
er, as 1 learn from the reports of the Departments,
After seeing then names separate, and quarreling
• before Congress for two or three years, I find their
, names all together in the last, contract.
They have received for a balance and floating
dock at Kittery, and for a basin and railway,
$735,905. They have received for the sectional
floating dock at Philadelphia, $405,683; for a basin
■ and two railways at the same place, §411,059: ma-
kingjnaH?8]3,742!o) a dock atPhiladelphia. Then
comes an additional estimate for dredging out, of
$12,000, according to the bill reported in the House
of Representatives. It has never been tested, al-
though if was taken off the hands of the contract-
ors last June; and no prudent Secretary of the
Navy would put a vessel of the line on one of
these basins and railways. They received for a
balance and floating dock at Pensacola, $555,712,
and for a basin and railway $353,225; and for a
gate to the entrance of the basin $13,000; making
: 4,921,937 expended at Pensacola. They received
