
JUNE 6, 1862.-Skirmish at Grand River, Ind. T.

Report of Colonel Charles Doubleday, Second Ohio Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. TROOPS,On Spring River, June 8, 1862-6 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 6th instant I left this place with 1,000 men for the purpose of breaking up the rebel encampment on Cowskin Prairie, which has so long infested this neighborhood.

I arrived at Grand River on the same day about sundown, and learned that the enemy were encamped 3 miles distant to the number of 1,500 commanded by Stand Watie, Coffee, and others. I ordered the First Battalion, Second Ohio Cavalry, across the river, to take position south of the rebel encampment, in skirmishing order, through the woods to the crossing, which was effected by the entire force by 9 p. m., the enemy's pickets merely firing a few scattering shots as they fell back. Not having daylight I could not accurately ascertain their precise positions, except in the camp of Stand Watie, which was in a grove. I ordered the artillery to the front, and from the distance of about 500 yards threw a few shot shell into their camp, causing thereby considerable commotion, audible to us.

About 1 a. m. I ordered my troops to lay in their arms, having previously thrown out a strong chain of cavalry pickets; but during the night the enemy escaped along the brush-wood and made a rapid march toward Fort Smith. I did not follow them, under yours orders not to proceed farther south, but employed the next day collecting the horses and cattle which they left in their fight, and which are now, to the number of 500 or 600 head, under convoy of my command to this place, where I arrived one hour since.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. DOUBLEDAY,

Colonel, Commanding Troops on Spring River.

Colonel WEER, Commanding Indian Expedition.

JUNE 7, 1862.-Skirmishes at Fairview and Little Red River, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General William S. Ketchum, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Captain David R. Sparks, Third Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General William S. Ketchum, U. S. Army.

SAINT LOUIS, June 9, 1862.

General Carr's pickets were driven at Fairview on 7th instant with a loss of 6 men. Want of food and forage caused General Carr to fall back nearer White River.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.

J. C. KELTON.

