
you of to-day as that within which there is reason to hope for direct intelligence from him, unless you should direct otherwise. From what I have stated heretofore of the force of the enemy above the result of the effort may well be deemed doubtful, but I shall endeavor at least not to risk the loss of the supplies.

My views in relation to the necessity of cavalry and a still larger force of infantry, as expressed in my previous reports to General Wallace and yourself, have undergone no change, but, on the contrary, their correctness strengthened by every additional day's observation. Though the supplies go by water, and light transports can continue to ascend the river for several weeks to Augusta, if not to Jacksonport, the expedition in support of the transports must be, from the nature of the country, character of the river, and force of the enemy, one mainly by land until the river is thoroughly opened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding at Memphis.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Little Rock, Ark., June 25, 1862.

COLONEL: A copy of your proclamation of the 23rd instant, addressed to the citizens of Monroe County, has come into my hands. I have the honor to inclose you a copy of an order recently issued by me, authorizing the formation of companies to operate at will, in the absence of specific instructions, against the forces of the United States Government, and accepting all such into the service and pay of the Confederate States.* They are recognized by me, as the commander of this department, as Confederate troops, and I assert as indisputable the right to dispose and use those troops along the banks of White River, or wherever else I may deem proper, even should it prove annoying to your operations. I have though it bust just that I should furnish you with a copy of my order, that you may act advisedly, and I respectfully forewarn you that should your threat be executed against any citizens of this district I shall retaliate, man for man, upon the Federal officers and soldiers who now are, and hereafter may be, in my custody as prisoners of war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel G. N. FITCH,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Saint Charles.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Saint Charles, Ark., June 28, 1862.

SIR: Yours of the 25th instant was placed in my hands under a flag of truce this p. m., together with a copy of your General Orders, Numbers 17, dated 17th instant. You advise me that you have been placed in possession of a copy of my proclamation of 23rd instant to the citizens of

---------------

*Order not found as an inclosure, but see General Orders, Numbers 17, Headquarters Trans-Mississippi District, June 17, 1862, in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

