
their movements, they very soon afterward attacked simultaneously his front, one flank, and rear, charging up to within twenty steps of the ranks, but were repulsed with severe loss and fled in every direction, the main body following the Devall road. Soon afterward a note, a copy of which accompanies this, was received by me, having joined the advance, asking permission to bury their dead, and the answer of which I send you a copy was returned.

At the end of thirty minutes our troops were advanced in pursuit. The wagons conveying the dead were but a short distance beyond our front, with an escort, but of course not molested, we taking a parallel road inclining more to the right, with a view of again engaging if possible their main body, who were seen retreating in such direction as would take them across our road some 4 miles in the prairie. The intense heat of the day and the uselessness of the pursuit of mounted men by infantry induced me to recall the troops after they had advanced 3 miles. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon Colonel Spicely and the men and officers of his regiment engaged. The enemy's force, as shown by their muster rolls, which fell into our possession, was 450; our own engaged, 200. Their loss, as admitted by prisoners and secession sympathizers in the vicinity, was 84 killed, wounded, and missing. But few prisoners were taken, from the facility afforded them to escape by being mounted. Our loss is 1 killed and 21 wounded, according to the accompanying list.

Very respectfully, yours,

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General GRANT, Commanding at Memphis.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

GRAND PRAIRIE, July 6, 1862-7 a. m.

To the Commander of United States Forces on Grand Prairie:

SIR: I send Lieutenant J. W. Blanton, under flag of truce, to the battlefield for my killed, to bury, also my wounded. I hope, sir, you will continue the ordinary courtesies of war.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

P. H. WHEAT,

Senior Captain, Commanding Squadron.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

P. H. WHEAT,

Senior Captain, Commanding C. S. Army Troops, Grand Prairie:

SIR: Having a few moments since joined the detachment with which the troops under your command were engaged, your note was handed me. I will withdraw from the battle-field the troops under my command to enable your party to collect your dead; for this purpose thirty minutes will be allowed. Your wounded in our hands will be cared for.

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces.
HEADQUARTERS INDIANA BRIGADE,Clarendon, July 8, 1862.

SIR: Desirous of ascending as high as possible for the purpose of continuing efforts to obtain General Curtis' whereabouts and communi-

