
ing that line until your re-enforcements reach me, which will probably be during to-morrow or next day.

Very respectfully,

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General GRANT, Commanding at Memphis.
HEADQUARTERS INDIANA BRIGADE,Clarendon, Ark., June 9, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with the intention expressed in my report of yesterday the troops were formed at 6 p. m. of that day on the river bank for the march up the Cache, when a transport was reported ascending the river. The troops were held in readiness, but the expedition delayed for the arrival of the transport. Upon its arrival your dispatch of the 6th was immediately placed in my hands, in which you state:

I have not the troops here if I were to send all. I have got to re-enforce you sufficiently to insure the success of the expedition up the White River. General Halleck positively refuses to send me more.

And in which you directed me to remain at Saint Charles, awaiting a certain contingency. Of course the expedition up the Cache was abandoned, I deeming it useless to bring on an engagement with the enemy on this side of the river with no adequate force to cross it or to follow up any advantage to open the communication with General Curtis. Your direction to remain at Saint Charles, I presume, would not prelude my remaining here instead of at that point the length of time you indicate, but in the absence of any probability of aid to follow up the expedition, and in view of the low and falling water (the gunboat and two transports having dragged upon the bar a mile below this place in ascending), we will descend again to Saint Charles, from whence there is good water to the mouth of the river, and await the time you indicate. The most remote period to which in my message to General Curtis our ability to remain with the heavy transports in the river on account of the water was the 14th instant. Soon after that time, therefore, if nothing is heard from him or any additional dispatch received from you, we shall probably leave the river for Memphis.

Very respectfully, yours,

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding at Memphis.

SAINT CHARLES, ARK., June 10, 1862.

SIR: We arrived here last evening. The report prevails here among the few so-called Union men (a part of whom claim our protection and propose remaining with us) that General Curtis is on the Cache River, endeavoring to reach or communicate with us.

We will remain here the time indicated in yesterday's dispatch, and if no re-enforcements or further orders arrive, and no positive intelligence from General Curtis, will, agreeably to your orders, proceed to Memphis. My regrets at this necessity, if it occurs, because of its probable effect upon General Curtis' command, have been heretofore expressed. With even 100 cavalry, a battery, and 1,000 more infantry

