
arrived at this place at 4 p. m. I will now take on board the two guns on the bow of the Maurepas.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

JAMES W. SHIRK,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Numbers 4. Miscellaneous reports and correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, June 10, 1862.

GENERAL: Dispatches giving news of the gunboats passing to Vicksburg and the promise of supplies and force by river are received.

There is some force at Des Arc, a very important point on White River, but difficult of access from me. I think, however, of moving down that way, so as to form junction with forces coming up the river.

There is a report that Hindman landed forces at Helena and is moving to Little Rock.

I name these things for the benefit of river movement.

The main force of the enemy at last accounts was on the south side of the Arkansas River.

The White River is the safest line, as its navigation is best, and it is less exposed to the enemy. Boats should come guarded with gunboats, little howitzers, and infantry. Wood will be very scarce on any river. There is certainly one rebel gunboat to encounter, and there may be more.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.

SAINT LOUIS, June 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The following dispatch has been received from General Curtis, dated Batesville, 13th:

I am glad to see you are sending off supplies to come up White River. I want it understood that come considerable force may be in the way; a guard is now near Des Arc, and there may be more below. My cavalry and mountain howitzers had a fight with the rebels yesterday near Jacksonport, routing them, killing and wounding some 20. We had 10 wounded. It will require light-draught gunboats to come up to Jacksonport. I can go to Augusta in force, but from Augusta to Des Arc the swamps on one side and streams on the other make it impossible for me to assist in opening the way. I hope you will make these facts known to the officers who attempt to escort the supplies, so as to avoid accident.

We are now loading quartermaster's supplies to the extent of 100,000 bushels grain and 2,500 bales hay, with other articles, to fill requisitions, and shall direct transports to stop at Memphis. What preparations are made to escort? I shall leave here in three or four days to join you with a good party.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Major and Quartermaster.

