
CORINTH, June 23, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Arkansas:

Colonel Fitch, with transports and provisions, ascended White River 170 miles, but being unable to communicate with you, fell back to Saint Charles, 90 miles from the mouth. Can you not move down east side of White River and connect with your supplies? Endeavor to communicate with Colonel Fitch at Saint Charles, and order supplies up to Devall's Bluff, or above, as soon as you can change your base to White River and draw your supplies from Memphis. As soon as communication between you and Memphis is opened I will send you re-enforcements if required.

I receive no communications from you and am kept in entire ignorance of your movements and wants. If you have telegraphic communication with Saint Louis, there is no reason why I should not hear from you daily.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM:

Transports from Memphis ascended White River 170 miles and could get no higher. Hearing nothing of Curtis they fell back to Saint Charles, 90 miles from the mouth. Steamers of light draught can ascend to Devall's Bluff to end of July. Those sent draw too much water. See Parsons and send lighter-boats. Inform General Curtis of position of boats, and see if he cannot communicate with them. They are loaded with commissary stores.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CORINTH, June 25, 1862.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

If your information from Arkansas is such as to render it safe for the expedition to ascend White River, send all of Colonel Slack's forces to re-enforce Colonel Fitch and open a communication with General Curtis. If the boats cannot get up the river, we must repair the railroad. Have we no gunboats at White River?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, June 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

I will, with your approval, send such of the boats now loaded with supplies for General Curtis as can ascend the White River, re-enforcing Colonel Fitch with two regiments from here. There are two gunboats at the mouth of the White River, but they cannot ascend over 60 miles with the present stage of water.

I would recommend, on consultation with Captain Phelps, that two or three light-draught steamers be fitted up to keep open the communication with General Curtis.

