
JUNE 11, 1862.-Skirmish at Deep Water, Mo.

Report of Captain William E. Leffingwell, First Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Osceola, Mo., June 14, 1862.

GENERAL: The detachment under Lieutenant Raney succeeded in dispersing the band of rebels who crossed the Osage at Taberville, after occupying their attention for two days and two night. They dispersed, every man for himself, in the timber at Deep Water. The manner of their dispersion and the condition of our men and horses rendered farther pursuit impossible. We lost two horses shot. The only injury sustained was by Private John A. Miller, Company B, who, in a hand-to-hand fight had his right wrist dislocated. He, however, succeeded in killing his man. The detachment from this post brought in no prisoners.

The rebels were commanded by Colonel Upton Hays, whose shoulder is broken, and he is a prisoner at Butler. Captain Ballard and 3 privates are also prisoners at that post. Aside from this they lost 3 killed and 4 wounded.

I still have out scouts, who have discovered nothing of importance up too this time. The force attacked by our 30 men numbered 132.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. LEFFINGWELL,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN, Jefferson City, Mo.

JUNE 11, 1862.-Skirmish at Pink Hill, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Daniel Huston, jr., Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel James T. Buel, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Captain J. F. Cochran, Second Battalion Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Daniel Huston, jr., Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Lexington, Mo., June 15, 1862.

SIR: I have received a report from Lieutenant-Colonel Buel to the following purport:

A mail escort, which left Independence for Harrisonville on the morning of the 11th instant, consisting of 23 men and 2 non-commissioned officers of Captain Cochran's company of Missouri State Militia, was fired into 15 miles from Independence, and 2 men of the escort were killed and 2 wounded. A scout sent out by Colonel Buel failed to find the marauders. Colonel Buel also reports that information, believed to be reliable, had been received that Quantrill, with 60 men, was near Pink Hill. He closes his communication by saying:

I shall not for the present have any more of my men shot carrying the mail between Independence and Harrisonville. I am obliged, by orders from District Headquarters,

