
to keep the route open. I shall compel secessionists in this vicinity to carry that mail for a while. I believe this will be the best course I can pursue. On receipt of your dispatch yesterday I prepared one for Major Linder, at Harrisonville, and sent it by a secessionist, who has returned safely. I shall keep two companies in camp and the other two on the road constantly. The scouting party under Captain Spellman, of Company C, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, has just returned. Captain Spellman reports having had an encounter with a body of 30 of Quantrill's men, in which his command killed 3 and severely wounded 2 more of the robbers. He captured a horse, with complete set of Government cavalry equipments, from one of them, and brought in 3 prisoners. None of our men were injured.

By a dispatch just received from Major McKee, from Marshall, I learn that he has taken the notorious Captain Johnson, of Shelby County, prisoner, and has also captured 20 kegs of powder.

I am, &amp;c.,

DANL. HUSTON, JR.,

Colonel Seventh Mo. Vol. Cav., Commanding Sub-District.

D. A. THATCHER, A. A. A. G., Central Division, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James T. Buel, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Independence, Mo., June 12, 1862.

SIR: An escort of 15 men, which left this place yesterday morning with the Harrisonville mail, was fired into by a band of guerrillas when about 15 miles from town, killing 2 and wounding 2 more. Captain Cochran, Missouri State Militia, who was in command of the escort, immediately started in pursuit, but the villains made good their escape. The mail arrived safely at Harrisonville, but the carrier dared not come back with escort. I am unwilling that any more of my men shall be murdered escorting his mail. I have therefore ordered it to be carried for the present by secessionists. I shall hold them accountable for its safe transmittal. Have also cautioned the postmaster not to send any valuables or important dispatches in this mail, but by the way of Saint Louis. I am keeping my troops constantly on the move, leaving the post at times so much exposed that it gives me some uneasiness.

Yours, respectfully,

J. T. BUEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Cav., Mo. Vols., Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain J. F. Cochran, Second Battalion Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

PLEASANT HILL, CASS COUNTY, MO.,

June 11, 1862.

SIR: Colonel Buel, commanding at Independence, Jackson County, ordered 24 men of my company to escort the mail to this place, a distance of 25 miles. I accompanies them. We had proceeded some 10

