
miles when I learned that some of Quantrill's men had been seen in the vicinity. I proceeded very slowly and cautiously, with 6 men riding by file as an advance. They had proceeded only a short distance when they were fired upon, 2 of them being killed on the spot and 3 dangerously wounded. I was about 50 yards in the rear with 18 men. We charged in the brush after them and routed them and then dismounted and searched the brush, and fired at them a number of times. I do not know what their loss was, as I had to leave to take care of the mail. The mail is safe. Captain Long, of our battalion, was fired upon from near the same place while escorting the mail a few weeks since.

J. F. COCHRAN,

Captain Company D, Second Battalion Cavalry, Mo. S. M.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN.

JUNE 12, 1862.-Skirmish at Waddell's Farm, near Village Creek, Ark.

Report of Colonel Albert G. Brackett, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Camp Tucker, near Junction of Black and White Rivers,

June 12, 1862.

GENERAL: It gives me great pleasure to report to you that I have this afternoon had a most successful fight with the rebels. This morning I sent out a train of 36 wagons for the purpose of getting corn and bacon at the Waddell farm, near Village Creek, Jackson County, Arkansas. I sent as an escort parts of four companies of the Ninth Regiment of Illinois Cavalry, under Major Humphrey.

The farm is about 5 miles from Jacksonport, and when the train was within about half a mile of it my men were suddenly attacked by a large force of the enemy. Major Humphrey, seeing his command was too weak to cope with the rebels, sent word to me to join him as soon as possible with re-enforcements. I started with two companies of Bowen's battalion, with two small howitzers. I found the train halted in the road about half a mile from the farm, and the enemy in strong force in front, shooting at my men and occasionally exchanging shots. I removed the fence on the right and unlimbered the howitzers in the road, and then formed Companies A, M, K, and C, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, under Captains Burgh, Knight, Cameron, and Blakemore, on the right in a cotton field, with orders to charge the enemy as soon as Lieutenant Madison, of Bowen's Battalion, should fire the howitzers, which were supported and defended by Captain Williams and Lieutenant Ballou, of Bowen's cavalry battalion. I fired two shots directly into the enemy, when the four companies of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry rode forward with drawn sabers, and made the finest cavalry charge I ever witnessed. The enemy was scattered in every direction, being completely routed and broken up. I continued to fire several rounds into Waddell's building and then advanced upon it with Captain Blakemore's company. I then filled my 36 wagons with corn and bacon, and returned to this post, arriving after dark.

Captain Cameron behaved with the greatest gallantry, as did his company, K, Ninth Regiment Illinois Cavalry. I must particularly recommend to your notice the conduct of Major Humphrey, Captains

