
Burgh, Knight, Cameron, Cowen, Blakemore, and Perkins Lieutenants Benton, Hillier, Shear, Conn, Butler, and Smith, and First Sergeant Clark, of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and Captain Williams, Lieutenants Madison and Ballou, and First Sergeant Miller, of Bowen's cavalry battalion. My thanks are due to Surg. James W. Brackett for his care of the wounded, and to Battalion Adjutant Blackburn, Quartermaster Price, and Sergt. Major George A. Price, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

The enemy lost 28 in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Private Hutsell, of Hooker's company, one of the prisoners, is mortally wounded. Captain Shuttlesworth, in command of Hooker's company, is also wounded. My loss was 1 taken prisoner by the enemy and 12 wounded, all of Company K, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT G. BRACKETT,

Colonel Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

JUNE 16-17, 1862.-Scout from Batesville to Fairview, Denmark, Hilcher's Ferry, and Bush's Ford, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant John T. Tucker, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP GRANT,

Near Batesville, Ark., June 17, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order I yesterday marched to Fairview, with four companies of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, four companies of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, two companies of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry (with two mountain howitzers), two companies of the Third Illinois Cavalry, and a portion of Major Bowen's battalion (with one company of the Third Illinois Cavalry, proceeded abut 2 1/2 miles out on the road to Grand Glaize. Captain Ludlow, with four companies of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, went to Camp Rattlesnake (4 miles on the Searcy road), and sent out pickets to Denmark, toward Grand Glaize, and toward Searcy. Major Bowen, with one company of his battalion and one mountain howitzer, went to Hilcher's Ferry. Major

-----

, with one company of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry and one mountain howitzer, went on the same road to within 4 miles of the ferry and waited until the return of Major Bowen. Lieutenant Tucker, with 4 men of the Fourth Iowa, went to Bush's Ford, 7 miles above Hilcher's Ferry. One company of the Third Illinois Cavalry went out 1 1/2 miles on the road to Clinton. These detachments, with the exception of that under Lieutenant Tucker (whose report I inclose), returned to Fairview (where I returned the two companies of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry and two howitzers, under Captains Hopper and De Gress) soon after midnight.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

