
We left Fairview at 5 a. m. to-day and returned immediately to Batesville, it being impossible to make the detour to Wolf's Bayou, as there was no road in that direction. I obtained a good amount of negative information from every direction, to the effect that there are Arkansas and Texas troops on the other side of the Little Red River (but no one knows to what number they amount), and that parties of 10 or 12 men cross to this side from Augusta, West Point, and Searcy, to impress Union and neutral men into the service. These always return to the other side of the river before night. There are vague rumors, of no reliable character, of the collection of militia and Indian forces in the northwest, with an (also rumored) intention of attacking Springfield, Mo. The scout was very hard on the horses of the command, and I regret that its result was of so little positive value.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARNING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier-General OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Third Division.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant John T. Tucker, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

CAMP FOURTH IOWA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,

Batesville, Ark., June 17, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that according to your orders I, with 4 men, left Fairview yesterday at 3 p. m., and rode rapidly to the ford on Little Red River, 15 miles above Searcy, where I arrived about 12 p. m. Remained in the neighborhood several hours; saw no rebel troops. There had been a small party there during the day enforcing the conscript law, but they crossed the river about dark. On learning that there were or had been such parties there, I passed my squad as such, I think successfully, and learned that some Texan troops were encamped about 8 miles above on the other side of the river and the Arkansas troops were at or near Searcy. Could learn nothing as to their numbers. By your orders I was to report at Fairview at 5 a. m. The horses of the men were too much jaded too get in by that time, and I left them at the ford to get in as soon as possible. They have not yet reported.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. T. TUCKER,

Second Lieutenant, Co. D, Fourth Iowa Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel WARING,

Commanding Fremont Hussars.

JUNE 17, 1862.-Skirmish near Warrensburg, Mo.

Report of Major Emory S. Foster, Seventh Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

POST AT WARRENSBURG, June 18, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Sandy Lowe. Company G, Seventh Missouri State Militia, with 18 men, yesterday

