
JUNE 17, 1862,-Skirmish near Smithville, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General William S. Ketchum, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Reports of Major Able H. Seley, Fifth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General William S. Ketchum, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 20, 1862.

General Curtis reports that rebels were attacked near Smithville on the 18th instant-Captain Jones, their leader, and 14 of his men captured and 4 wounded. Union troops lost 2 killed and 4 wounded. This being the last day for conscript enrollment, the people are holding meetings in front and on flanks of General Curtis. Many ran to the hills and some to his camp for protection. Many organize under conscript act, being threatened with hanging if they do not.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Assistant Inspector-General.

Colonel KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major Able H. Seley, Fifth Illinois Cavalry.

SMITHVILLE, ARK., June 18, 1862.

DEAR SIR: We had a fight yesterday evening; captured Captain Jones and 7 men, who are in camp. The dead and wounded have not got into camp yet. There were several wounded and 4 or 5 killed. What shall I do with the prisoners? I cannot keep them here well. I will give details as soon as I get them all in. I sent to regiment and got more men. They are hovering around us. They say Coleman is coming down to clean me out. I will give them a warm reception if they come.

Your obedient servant,

A. H. SELEY,

Major, Commanding Post.

H. Z. CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General, Batesville.

SMITHVILLE, ARK., June 18, 1862.

DEAR SIR: This morning I gave you a condensed account of the fight last evening near this place. Yesterday morning I sent out Lieutenant Wilson, of Company D, with 15 men, for some beef cattle and to assist a Union man with his family and effects into camp. They had collected the cattle and started for town, when a woman came out from a neighboring house and informed them that there was a force of 100 men after them. They retreated toward camp and sent a messenger in. I immediately dispatched a force to their relief, under command of Captain H. A. Organ, of Company D; Captain H. P. Mumford, of Company F, and

