
Captain H. D. Caldwell, of Company L. They followed them to the residence of one McKinney, where they were taking shelter. On the approach of our troops to the house the rebels commenced an attack by firing a volley into our men. To prevent their escape it was necessary to make a charge by the house, within 12 feet of the same. The nature of the country was such as to prevent their escape. They captured Captain Jones and 11 men, killing 1 and wounding 2, and took 9 horses.

We had 1 man killed, 2 mortally wounded, and 5 slightly wounded. Lieutenant Dorothy, of Company F, was slightly wounded.

Great credit is due the officers and men for the courage and bravery displayed on the occasion, as the circumstances were perplexing and knowing nothing of the strength of the enemy. It rained in torrents during the whole engagement, and the enemy was concealed in log buildings.

I have the honor to be, in haste, your obedient servant,

A. H. SELEY,

Major, Commanding Post.

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Batesville, Ark.

JUNE 18, 1862-Skirmish at Hambright's Station, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel James T. Buel, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant James M. Vance, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Buel, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Independence, Mo., June 19, 1862.

SIR: A scouting party which I sent out last night to the vicinity of of Hambright's Station surprised and killed 2 bushwhackers by the names of Randolph and Gresham; also wounding a man in company with them, who is probably innocent.

I am sending out the most of my scouts, now dismounted, hunting them in their own way in the brush. On the 17th the Fort Scott mail was robbed, but in the Department of Kansas.

Your obedient servant,

J. T. BUEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant James M. Vance, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Independence, Mo., June 19, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with an order from you I proceed with 30 men of Company D to the neighborhood of Hambright's Station; called at

