
Mr. Allen's, who pointed out the location of Mr. Renick's house. I arrested Mr. Renick and a Mr. Reife, who was at the house. A negro here told me that 2 of the bushwhackers were in a stack of hay not very far distant, and near one Mr. Faggs. I dismounted my men, detailed a sufficient guard for the horses, and with the remainder of my command divided into two squads proceeded to the reported lurking place of the rebels. I sent Sergeant Ross with one squad to surround the haystack, while with the other I proceeded to Faggs' house. Finding no one at the house and hearing firing in the direction of the haystack, I proceeded there immediately. Sergeant Ross with his squad had come on to an armed party of marauders lying in the hay; fired upon them, killing 2 and wounding the third. The wounded man was found to be unarmed and therefore not killed. Took the wounded man to Faggs' house. Park Randolph and D. Gresham are the names of the two men killed.

I delivered your message to Mr. Mathews, and from him learned that Kit Chiles had been in that neighborhood a short time before. Followed him immediately up the river to his mother's, arriving there about sunrise. Failing to gain any further intelligence of him, I returned to Mr. Mathews', and made arrangements to bury Randolph and Gresham. According to your orders I arrested Barns and destroyed his grocery. From Renick I took 6 horses, 2 of them belonging to the men who were killed and the other 4 left there by soldiers returning from Price's army. I took one dragoon pistol from one of the dead men, all of which I turned over to the provost-marshal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. M. VANCE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. D, Seventh Mo. Vol. Cav.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES T. BUEL,

Seventh Mo. Vol. Cav., Commanding Post, Independence, Mo.

JUNE 19, 1862.-Expedition to Blue Mountains and skirmish near Knight's cove, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Ferdinand Hansen, Fifth Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP FIFTH MISSOURI CAVALRY,

Heath's Ferry, Ark., June 20, 1862.

In obedience to orders I left camp on the 19th instant, with 40 men of my company, crossing the White River at 3.30 a. m. en route for the Blue Mountains, where a guerrilla band was reported to be, and whom, if possible, I had orders to destroy. Mr. McClellan, who was to be my guide, was absent from his house at Batesville; I therefore en gaged Mr. Turnip, who was strongly recommended to me as a good Union man, and reliable, well-posted guide. After crossing White River I took the Searcy County road and followed it up until 4 miles above the head of Dry Creek, Van Buren County 16 miles northwest from Hunt's Ferry. Not hearing anything of a guerrilla there, I turned to the left, crossed Rocky Bayou, went into Rich Woods, and thence passed over the mountains into Knight's Cove, a point about 18 miles from Hunt's Ferry. Along this whole road I could get no information in regard to the guerrillas, but it was generally supposed by the people that they had gone to Fairview to join the rebels congregating there. I also

