
learned that some Texan Rangers had been in this neighborhood, and that they were expected to return soon. Marching down a very steep, rocky, and narrow road leading into Knight's Cove, my advance guard was suddenly fired upon by a squad of about 10 or 12 rebels lying i n ambush behind large rocks. Private William Becker, of my company, was severely wounded by three rifle-bullets and had his horse killed under him. The fire was immediately returned, and I deployed my first platoon as skirmishers, and at the same time ordered the second platoon down to the foot of the mountains, prepared to charge the enemy if they should meet them; but owing to the rough ground of the country my skirmishers could not pursue the enemy, who made their escape. On arriving at the foot of the mountains I met a foraging party of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry and Eighteenth Indiana Infantry, 25 men strong. I then had the vicinity of Knight's Cove well scouted in every direction, but was not able to discover anything of the guerrillas. James H. Henry and John Henry were reported to me as the leaders of the guerrillas, and that day they had been seen in company of Chidwood, Hayfield, and others, all armed and threatening to kill every man that would not join the Confederate Army by Monday next. I accordingly had the houses of the two Henrys searched, but to no avail. Their band is reported to be 30 men strong, and I am told that they never operate together, and that their hiding places in the mountains are impassable for any mounted corps.

Shortly before the firing on my advance guard took place I met a suspicious character calling himself Andrew Jackson Hight, whom I arrested, believing him to be a spy in the Southern service.

The country I passed through contains yet considerable forage, but the Southern troops are said to haul it away. The mountains and the general roughness of the soil offer too many obstacles to teams.

My orders being to return to camp, I marched at 6 p. m. toward Hunt's Ferry, carrying my wounded man on a litter until I met an ambulance I had sent for about half way.

F. HANSEN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. B, Fifth Regiment Mo. Cav.

Captain PFAFF,

Commanding Fifth Missouri Cavalry.

JUNE 23, 1862.-Skirmish at Pineville, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General W. Scott Ketchum, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 24, 1862.

Major Miller, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, routed rebels under Major Russell at Pineville yesterday morning 6.30, taking several prisoners, horses, mules, and other property.

Another expedition from Cassville is out.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.

General CULLUM, Chief of Staff, Corinth, Miss.

9 R R-VOL XIII

