
JUNE 23, 1862.-Skirmish near Raytown, Mo.

Report of Captain James Breckinridge, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., June 23, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your orders I left this post with 30 men at 9.30 a. m., and proceeded to the farm of J. R. Lowe. Before arriving there I saw suspicious-looking persons, whom I supposed to be pickets. At Lowe's farm I dismounted my men, leaving a sufficient guard with my horses. I proceeded to the bushes with the residue of my men; found a camp, two bridles, two blankets, and a lariat rope. From appearances I thought the guerrillas had scattered in various directions through the woods. I deployed my men as skirmishers. Taking four men with me, I proceeded along by-paths to a distance of nearly three-quarters of a mile. Discovering a picket, we fired on him causing him to drop his overcoat. Almost instantly we were fired upon by large numbers from the bushes just ahead of us. After firing a few rounds they advanced on us. We retread to where our horses were hitched, and when our men assembled I found there was one missing. After searching for him some time without finding him I concluded that he was killed, and having received a wound in one of my legs, we returned to camp, where we arrived at 7 p. m. I think we killed two of the villians-one certain.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BRECKINRIDGE,

Captain, Commanding Company B, Seventh Cavalry, Mo. Vols.

Lieutenant-Colonel BUEL.

JUNE 23, 1862.-Reconnaissance toward Augusta, Ark.

Report of Colonel Albert G. Brackett, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT, ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Camp Tucker, Ark., June 23, 1862.

GENERAL: Captain Perkins, of Company F, Ninth Regiment Illinois Cavalry, has returned. The result of his reconnaissance may be briefly summed up as follows:

He went down on the right bank of White River to within abut 5 miles of Augusta, he being on the opposite side. There is a considerable rebel force at Augusta, and the rebel gunboat is still there. They are awaiting an attack from our forces. Our gunboats were reported at Saint Charles, about 200 miles below Jacksonport; possibly they may be this side of that place. Quite a large rebel force is at Grey's Bridge, on the Cache River, where they are fortifying. Captain Perkins had two skirmishers, in which one man of Hooker's rebel company was killed. Captain Perkins had one horse killed and two wounded by the enemy. Please forward this letter to Major-General Curtis, commanding, if you think the information is of sufficient importance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT G. BRACKETT,

Colonel Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

Brigadier General FRED. STEELE, Commanding Division.

