
advising me that a body of Quantrill's men had been seen the evening previous at Saint Clair's, about 10 miles south. I immediately marched my command in that direction. At the distance of 4 miles on I did covered, about 2 miles distant, on our left flank, what I took to be the enemy's patrol galloping toward Pink Hill. I immediately sent a detachment of 8 men, disguised as bushwhackers, under lieutenant Wightman, with orders to move with all possible celerity into that neighborhood, and by secret patrol or by communicating with the secesh, without alarming, ascertain the position of the enemy. Lieutenant Wightman hastened to execute this order, and rejoined the column at Pink Hill with information that a small body of Quantrill's men had been there, but had left the neighborhood about an hour previous to his arrival. Further developments leading to the belief that they had gone to the Mapa Settlement, about 12 miles distant, on the following morning, 27th instant, I sent there a scout of 50 men, under Lieutenant Wightman. I also sent scouts in various other directions, who continued to bring arms and prisoners to Pink Hill, my headquarters. The number of prisoners was increased to 24, and Lieutenant Wightman had returned with intelligence that Quantrill's men had passed through the Maya Settlement out of reach, when on the morning of the 30th instant I ordered Lieutenant Vance to return with his command to Independence, and I marched with mine on the direct road to Lexington. At 5 miles from Pink Hill we halted, and during the night scoured the country 9 miles south in quest of Ducates and his gang of bushwhackers, but without result.

We arrived at Napoleon on the 1st of this month, halted, and made prisoners of 4 men found lurking about the town and destroyed two barrels of contraband whisky. We arrived at this post on the afternoon of the 1st instant, according to instructions, having in custody 28 prisoners, one contraband horse, a quantity of guns, and sundry articles of stolen property found in the possession of the prisoners, all of which I turned over to Captain Rockwell, provost-marshal. I have caused to be delivered to the provost-marshal in all 107 prisoners, all of whom, except two or three, could be proven guilty of treason or misprision of treason. Had warned so many more to report at this post and at Independence to have their cases investigated, and in performing this office had used all proper endeavors to conciliate the enemies of the Government. I marched, with he 60 men from this post, the distance of 96 miles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BREDETT,

Major, Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers.

J. L. CHANDLER,

First Lieutenant, Adjutant Seventh Cavalry, Mo. Vols.

