
hauling it into their camp. Colonels Bussey and Brackett think that the enemy are in considerable force near us.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Albert G. Brackett, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Camp on Village Creek, Jackson County, Ark., June 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Yesterday afternoon I received orders from General Steele to send a force down White River to re-enforce the third battalion of my regiment, which I had sent out under Major Wallis on a foraging expedition, the train of the post quartermaster having been attacked by the enemy. Accordingly I started with the second battalion of my regiment, and shortly after overtook my train, which was returning without corn. I caused the train to go back, and joined both of my battalions together. At Stewart's farm I learned that the enemy was near by, and I determined to attack him.

When a mile beyond Stewart's farm, which is about 6 miles from this place, my advance guard, under Captain Knight, came suddenly upon the enemy, and the fight commenced in earnest. I sent my companies forward one after another amid a continuous blaze of fire from the enemy, who were strongly posted among the trees and on the edge of a swamp. I tried several times to charge them, but they were so well posted and the underbrush was so thick that I was unable to do so, notwithstanding my men were close upon them, some of them being within 50 yards. I fought them in this way for at least half an hour, when seeing that I could not force them from their position, as they outnumbered me greatly, and it being nearly dark, I gave orders to move back to a large corn field, where I knew if they followed me I could cripple them, as they would not then have the advantage of their cover. I got my men out in fine order, and upon reaching the turn in the main road halted a short time; but the enemy had been so severely handled that he made no attempt to follow. It was now dark, when seeing that nothing further could be done I returned to this camp. On my way in I met an artillery and infantry force going out, under Brigadier-General Benton; but it was too dark for him to travel, and he halted.

My officers and men are entitled to great praise, and fought with the most perfect coolness and determination. I had with me Majors Humphrey and Wallis (wounded), Captains Gifford, Chidister, Knight (wounded), Buell, Cameron, Blakemore, and Booth, Adjutant Stevenson, Battalion Adjutant Blackburn (wounded), Lieutenants Harrington, Shear, Ellsworth, Warner, Bayley, and Shattuck, all of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry. My guide, William McCulloch, Sergeant-Major Price, Battalion Sergeant-Majors Knight and Roberts, and Chief Bugler Fritson also behaved admirably. I was struck with a ball, which sickened me for a time, but I soon recovered from its effects. My wounded men were well cared for by Surg. James W. Brackett and Asst. Surg. Charles Brackett, for which they have my thanks. My loss was 3 officers wounded 1 man killed, and 28 wounded; 7 horses killed, 24 wounded. I send list herewith. The loss to the enemy was severe; 5 of their men were seen dead on the field.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT G. BRACKETT,

Colonel Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

Captain J. W. PADDOCK, A. A. G., Steele's Division.

