
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Cyrus Bussey, Third Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,Camp Village Creek, Ark., June 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have to report that Second Lieutenant Alvin H. Griswold, with 20 men of Company K, Third Iowa Cavalry, went out yesterday morning as escort to Captain Fuller's forage train. The party proceeded down White River about 10 miles, where they loaded the train with corn, and were returning to camp, without having discovered the enemy. After traveling 3 miles the cavalry escort in the rear of the train were fired upon by a party of rebels concealed in a canebrake about 20 yards distant, killing 4 and wounding 4. The escort returned the fire, and succeeded in bringing off the train, with the killed and wounded. The cavalry escort were accompanied by a detachment of infantry; number unknown.

Lieutenant Griswold was a most faithful and efficient officer, and a gentleman whose loss will be deeply felt by a large circle of friends in the regiment and in Iowa, where he leaves a wife and two children.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Colonel Third Iowa Cavalry.

Captain J. W. PADDOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 28-29, 1862.-Operations in Johnston County, Mo.

Report of Major Charles Banzhaf, First Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FIRST MISSOURI CAVALRY,Warrensburg, Mo., June 30, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you that I have sent 100 men, the 28th, at 4 o'clock a. m., under command of Captain M. Kehoe, of Company C, and Second Lieutenant A. Gourney, of Company D, west and northwest from these headquarters, with instructions to divide the command into three parties, to go toward Black Water and surrounding country to hunt these bushwhackers (the country is full of them), and to shoot every one of them he should meet under arms on the spot.

About 6 o'clock the same morning Captain Kehoe had left 2 men came to me and reported that 3 bushwhackers were seen on the evening of the 27th instant near their places, armed, and this morning, the 28th, about 5 o'clock, the brother of one of the Union men was shot by a certain Thomas Colburn, a notorious horse-thief and jayhawker. I at once dispatched 3 privates to inform Captain Kehoe of this, though before they could reach the captain this same horse-thief had fired upon a party of Captain Kehoe's command without success. The party dismounted and chased them through the brush and killed them all 3. Their names are Thomas Colburn, Haux, and the other one's name I could not learn.

On the morning of the 29th instant Captain Kehoe encountered another party of bushwhackers and killed 2 more, took 2 men prison-

