
ers, captured 3 horses, 2 shot-guns, and 1 pistol. The captain returned on the evening of the 29th instant.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BANZHAF,

Major, First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Post.

P. S.-I have since learned the names of the last two killed-Olford and Greewood.

Respectfully,

C. B.

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Major and Asst. Adjt. General, Jefferson City, Mo.

JULY 1, 1862.-Skirmish at Cherry Grove, Schuyler County, Mo.

Report of Major Frederick W. Reeder, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

HUDSON, MO., July 4, 1862.

COLONEL: I have just returned from a scout, on which we started on the 27th ultimo. The command consisted of the majority of the troops at this post, of Major Benjamin's battalion, which joined us at Shelbyville, Mo., and a part of Colonel McNeil's regiment, under Major Pledge, who joined us at Colony, Mo., the whole under command of Colonel Lipscomb. I volunteered to go along, as a majority of the troops were detailed from here.

The colonel requests me to state to you, for the information of the general commanding, that the troops under his command chased one Joe Porter and Bill Dunn, with a band of marauders, and following them up as hight as to the northeast corner of Schuyler County and 6 miles from the Iowa line, where the outlaws were overtaken on the 1st instant at sundown, and immediately attacked. Their loss was about 12 killed and some 20 or 25 wounded. We captured some horses, arms, accouterments, &amp;c. Our loss is 1 severely, if not mortally, wounded (Captain York, Company B, Eleventh Missouri State Militia), and 2 slightly wounded, together with about 6 horses, which were wounded. Night prevented the pursuit, which had been kept up for 4 miles, and recommenced the next day, following the marauders close upon their heels. They were 130 strong.

At Edina, Mo., I was ordered to take 45 disabled horses and men back again to this post, the long and rapid marches having disabled both men and horses.

The colonel further requests that indulgence be granted him in regard to his returns, which he is at present unable to render, he being in hot pursuit after the above band, who are now marching along Salt River. Particulars, &c., will doubtlessly be forward by the colonel commanding the scout to the acting brigadier-general commanding this district. I shall forward in a few days the report I alluded to in my last. The whole regiment will be here when the scouting party returns, and, from what I saw on the scout, the additional battalion from Palmyra (Major Benjamin) is but poorly drilled, if at all, and less efficient and obedient than the others.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. REEDER,

Major.

