
JULY 3, 1862.-Skirmish at Locust Grove, Ind. T.

Reports of Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Infantry.*
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp near Grand Saline, July 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On the night of the 2nd, and after having marched one brigade under Colonel Judson some 20 miles southward from Cowskin Prairie to Cabin Creek, I started with 300 [men] to the Grand Saline, where I heard a force of the enemy was encamped. After traveling rapidly all night I came up with them on the east side of Grand River about sunrise. They were under command of Colonel Clarkson; number not known. I completely surprised them, killed some 30, captured 100 prisoners, and their entire baggage wagons, mules, guns, ammunition, tents, &amp;c. Lost 1 man of the Ninth Kansas and Dr. Holleday, of the First Indian. The latter was killed in mistake by one of the Ninth. Colonel Clarkson and the officers are in our hands. The Indians behaved nobly, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wattles and Adjutant Ellithorpe. A full report will be made as soon as movements are made. We are much exhausted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp near Grand Saline, July 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: As promised, I send you a more detailed account of the affair of the 3rd instant. Its locality I find to be known as Locust Grove, that being the name of a post-office there. It is some 2 miles east of Grand River and about 30 north of Tahlequah. The troops composing the party under myself consisted of a detachment of the First Indian Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wattles; one from the Ninth Kansas, under Major Bancroft; one from the Tenth Kansas, in wagons, under Captain Quigg, and a section of Allen's battery, under Lieutenant Baldwin, superintended by Lieutenant Taylor, my chief of artillery. The only troops actively engaged were the detachments from the First Indian and Ninth Kansas. The artillery was, however, planted in battery, defended by the detachment from the Tenth Kansas, and was only prevented from paying its respects to the enemy from fear of destroying our own men, who were engaged with the enemy in the woods in scattered parties. The suddenness of the attack and the bushy nature of the ground caused the fight to be one in which each participant was thrown more or less on his individual resources. The Indians and Ninth Kansas attacked and pursued the enemy with great vigor, while the remainder of the troops were with difficulty restrained from joining in the attack. Our forces were between 200 and 300. The enemy were about the same number. The pursuit was continued nearly all day through the heavy timber.

The Indians now say that the enemy lost in killed some 100. We have some 100 prisoners, including Colonel Clarkson and officers, and

---------------

*See also Hindman's report, p. 40.

---------------

