
a large amount of camp and garrison equipage, transportation, munitions of war, &amp;c., as will be seen from accompanying report of Division Quartermaster Clark. Our loss was 2 private killed-one from First Indian and one from Ninth Kansas-and Assistant Surgeon Holleday, shot by mistake. The fleeing enemy ran to Tahlequah and there spread the report of their disaster. It caused the immediate disbanding of Drew's regiment of rebel Cherokees, some 1,000 strong. Four hundred of them have already joined Colonel Ritchie's regiment, thus filling it up, at a point some 20 miles north of the scene of the fight, where I had caused the army to encamp. Downing, with 200 more, will reach me this morning, while other parties of Cherokees are advancing to join us. During the same day (the 3rd) the Sixth Kansas, whom I had sent from Cowskin by Maysville, in Arkansas, down the east side of Grand River, came up with Stand Watie's command, killed one of them, and put to flight the remainder. The news is that the enemy are concentrating about Fort Smith, and that Pike, with 6,000 Texans, is south of them toward Red River. This command, in view of the long line of communication to be kept open, should be re-enforced immediately. Our little victory has had a wonderful effect upon the Cherokees, deciding all the wavering in our favor. I have great difficulty in restraining the Indians with me from exterminating the rebels. A good deal of property has been destroyed in spite of all my efforts. In the absence of instructions I feel at some loss what course to pursue in the treatment of the Indians. I consider the Cherokee country as virtually conquered. Our movements are so rapid and unexpected by the enemy that they are completely bewildered.

I send you the regimental books of the enemy, by which it will be seen that Colonel Clarkson was instructed by General Van Dorn to enter the State of Kansas. As instructed by the commanding general, I will go into camp and await further orders, in the mean time opening communication with the Cherokee authorities. I shall endeavor so to act as not to increase the complication between them and the Government. If thwarted, it will be only on account of the intractability of the enemy and a portion of my own command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 6, 1862.-Skirmish at Bayou Cache, Ark.

Report of Adjt. Horace D. B. Cutler, Third Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,Helena, Ark., July 25, 1862.

I have the report that on the march from Augusta to Clarendon, Ark., the Third Iowa Cavalry was in the advance of the Army of the Southwest, and on July 6 our advance guard (Company I) was brought to a halt by a barricade at Cache River, formed by felled trees, placed there by the rebels to delay our march. Twelve men of the advance were ordered to dismount, and, under command of Captain Taylor, enter the timber and reconnoiter, to ascertain if any enemy were concealed therein. The party succeeded in getting in the rear of a squad

