
viously been instructed by me to save their ammunition, and after a few rounds I ordered them to "Charge bayonets," which was immediately and gallantly executed. The enemy could not stand the charge, and broke in every direction in their shirt-tails, leaving behind them coats, pants, boots, and hats. Owing to the darkness of the night and the thickness of the brush I could not pursue them, and hearing of the proximity of another force of Coleman's men, was apprehensive of the safety of my little force, and returned after having reconnoitered the ground. I found 4 dead bodies, 1 wounded man, several horses killed, and a lot of clothing and camp equipage strewn in every direction. Considering the proximity of our firing, I judge that many more rebels were wounded, but succeeded in escaping.

Bradford, the prisoner and guide, tried to escape during our charge, but was run through with a bayonet. He was left wounded on the field, but I ordered a neighbor to his assistance. But one of our men was slightly wounded by a buck-shot, as the volleys of the enemy went over our heads.

I captured 3 prisoners, 10 horses, 8 saddles, and 5 guns. The camp equipage was destroyed, as we had no means to take it along. The names of the prisoners are William Hamilton, George Logan, and James Ormsby, all of Company A, Coleman's battalion.

One of the prisoners stated that Coleman had left Arkansas with about 600 men, but that he had recruited his force since that time to about 800 to 900 men in the adjoining counties; a statement which I fully believe.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOSEPH A. EPPSTEIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Thirteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Colonel ALBERT SIGEL,

Thirteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post, Waynesville, Mo.

JULY 6-9, 1862.-Expedition toward Black Water and Chapel Hill, Mo.

Report of Major Charles Banzhaf, First Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FIRST MISSOURI CAVALRY,Warrensburg, Mo., July 10, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you that on Sunday, the 6th instant, I sent First Lieutenant White, of Company C; Second Lieutenant Gurnee, of Company D, with 75 men, in the direction of Black Water and Chapel Hill, north and northwest from these headquarters, with instructions to lie in the brush from three to four days, and to beat the bushwhackers, if possible, at their own game. He (Lieutenant White) succeeded in killing 3 of them and capturing 4 horses and 1 mule.

The command returned Wednesday, the 9th instant. The names of the killed are John Smith, Peter Berry, and the name of the third we could not learn.

I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BANZHAF,

Major First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Post.

LUCIEN J. BARNES, A. A. G., Jefferson City, Mo.

