
underbrush from our men. Colonel Harris pushed on his advance until they came within range, when suddenly the enemy began a murderous fire. Our forces, thus fiercely and unexpectedly assailed, was ordered to fall back, and in executing this order fell into some little confusion. The Rangers charged. Here Colonel Harris was severely wounded, but still kept his horse and, though fainting, fought.

I had now reached the ground. The rebels (a full regiment strong) were charging at a gallop and with hideous yells on the little steel gun which was left with Lieutenant Denneman and 1 man. Captain Potter, with his company, here came to the rescue, aided in limbering up, and withstood the charge of cavalry till the gun had emerged from the bushes into the road, when it was taken in charge by Lieutenant Partridge. Captain Potter was severely wounded. I now ordered the gun up the road in haste and the infantry into the corn field. As the rebels came charging at full speed and in great force in pursuit the infantry fired. The rebel column hesitated, but moved on. Another volley, and the ground was covered with their dead. Riderless horses rushed wildly in all directions. The Rangers wavered and halted. The third fire completed their demoralization and overthrow. They left as suddenly as they came and in great disorder.

It was now clear that we had engaged a large force of well-armed men; how large it was impossible to tell. Nor did I know their strategy or have any but the most imperfect idea of the topography of the ground. It seemed prudent, therefore, to hold the position already chosen, and which had proved to be a good one, and await events. I soon discovered a large cavalry force filing past in front of my position, but just beyond musket-range. When fully in front of my line they halted and ordered a charge. I could distinctly hear the order, "Charge! Charge on the corn field!" But for some reason the charge was not made. The column was again put in motion, with the intent, as I suppose, to gain my rear and cut off communication and re-enforcements. Fortunately the force which had been ordered back from the first onset was now in position to check this movement, and again the rebels were compelled to retreat. Hardly had this movement failed when I was apprised of an attempt to turn my left, and dispatched Captain Elliott's company to thwart it.

During these shiftings of positions I could plainly see them caring for their dead and wounded and removing them; but to what extent I have no means of telling. They now formed on their original line of battle, and I moved down upon them, extending my line till it was merely a line of skirmishers, to prevent being flanked, so disproportionate were the forces.

No men could have more-handsomely than did the Eleventh Wisconsin on my right and the Thirty-third Illinois on my left, while Lieutenant Denneman, with his gun, supported by as large an infantry force as I could spare, held the center. The rebels gave way, and, while driving them from the field, I heard a shout in the rear, and before fully comprehending what it meant Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of the First Indiana Cavalry, with one battalion and two more steel guns, came cantering up. It was the work of a moment for Lieutenant Baker to unlimber his pieces and get in position. The woods were now alive with shot and shell. The retreat became a rout. Our cavalry, led by Major Clendenning, charged vigorously, and the day was ours.

Already 123 of the enemy's dead have been found, while their prisoners and the officer with the flag of truce speak of a terrible carnage, and estimate their dead at more than 200. Their loss was undoubtedly

