
greater than the 123 whose bodies were found. I have been unable to ascertain the number of their wounded or to make any reliable estimate, nor have I a report of the prisoners taken. A large number of horses were captured and many left dead upon the field. Sixty-six were counted within an area of half a mile square.

Our loss was 6 killed and 57 wounded. The rebel force, Texas troops, engaged in the fight could not have been far from 2,000 men, and was supported by a still larger reserve force, all under the command of General Rust. The loyal force was less than 400, increased just at the close of the battle by a cavalry force of about 200 men. Where officers and men so uniformly behaved well, I can almost say heroically, it is perhaps invidious to particularize; and yet I may be pardoned for calling attention to the gallant conduct of Colonel Harris and Captain Miller, of the Eleventh Wisconsin; Major Clendenning, of the First Indiana Cavalry, and Captain Potter, of the Thirty-third Illinois. Surg. H. P. Strong was on the field throughout the action, and his services deserve recognition. Late in the afternoon re-enforcements came up, and General Benton pursued the fleeing foe 5 or 6 miles toward Des Arc, killing several and taking prisoners. All along the route he found the houses filled with the dead and wounded. Curb-stones were wet with blood, and in one case even the water was crimson with gore. General Benton's force consisted of the Eighth Indiana Infantry, Colonel Shunk; a section of Manter's battery, First Missouri Light Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Schofield; part of the Thirty-third Illinois Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Lippincott; part of the Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, Major Platt; one howitzer from Bowen's Battalion; the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Colonel Bell, and a battalion of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry, under Major Apperson.

After the battle, and while the wounded were being collected and cared for, another body of the rebels appeared on the Bayou De View road and drove in our pickets. I immediately sent Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of the Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, with nine companies and the First Indiana Cavalry, to pursue and capture them. He proceeded to Bayou De View, shelled the rebels from their camp, and prevented the burning of the bridge, on which fagots had already been piled. By this time it became dark, and the forces rested.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. HOVEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. W. PADDOCK, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Return of Casualties in the battle of the Cache, July 7, 1862.

[Compiled from nominal list.]

Killed Wounded

Command	 Officers	 Enlisted	 Officers	 Enlisted

 	 men	 	 men

33rd Illinois	 .....	 .....	 2	 7

1st Indiana	 1	 .....	 2	 7

Cavalry

11th Wisconsin	 .....	 5	 3	 36

Total	 1	 5	 7	 50

Command	 Aggregate	 Remarks

33rd Illinois	 9

1st Indiana Cavalry	 10	 Captain W. W. Sloan

 	 killed

11th Wisconsin	 44

Total	 63

10 R R-VOL XIII

