
First Regiment Indiana Cavalry, had been fighting with the enemy, and had retreated before a very large force, having a great number of men killed and wounded. Increasing our speed we arrived at Round Hill, and the first squad of infantry we saw ran from us, supposing us to be the enemy. The principal part of the infantry were standing in groups in the edge of the wood (1) adjoining the road. These received us with demonstrations of joy, cheering us enthusiastically. Here we met Colonel Hovey and the gun belonging to the First Indiana Cavalry. Colonel Hovey told us that the enemy was down the road "and plenty of them," at the same time saying, "pitch into them"; and we did "pitch into them" at full speed. The three guns, closely followed by the battalion of cavalry, galloped down the road into the wood, where we first discovered the enemy, approaching (2) in the form of a V. Instantly forming our line of battle (5), guns in battery in the center, one squadron of cavalry on the right and the other on the left, poured canister into their front and shell into their rear. As the enemy gave way before this terrific fire we followed them closely, giving them no respite, for about 2 miles (3), sometimes running up our guns within 100 yards of their lines. When the enemy began to waver, by my direction (4) Major R. M. Clendenning, with Companies E and G, made a furious charge upon their right flank, engaging them in a most gallant style for about twenty minutes. Coolly receiving the enemy's fire, these two companies poured volley after volley from their carbines and revolvers, cutting up the enemy's ranks in a dreadful manner.

These two companies deserve special notice. They fought like veteran soldiers. At one time all the officers of Company E were dismounted. Captain W. W. Sloan was killed; First Lieutenant William V. Weathers was thrown from his horse, and Second Lieutenant Charles L. Lamb, my adjutant, had his horse shot from under him. Notwithstanding these casualties the men fought as only brave men can fight. Riding into the enemy's ranks, they delivered their fire with telling effect. Unable to stand up before those determined men the enemy broke and fled in wild confusion, the cavalry breaking through the ranks of the infantry, panic-stricken at the intrepid daring of our men. As the enemy fled we poured canister at them and shell over them, following them until further pursuit was useless, and we remained masters of the field. During the fight Colonel Hovey directed the movements of the skirmishers on our flanks (6). The infantry, with the exception of these skirmishers, was not engaged, but followed in the rear, ready, should any contingency arise requiring their assistance. The rebels suffered very severely. We have since ascertained their loss to be over 200 killed and many wounded. We captured 1 prisoner.

Captain W. W. Sloan, Company E, First Indiana Cavalry, was killed while gallantly leading his men in the hottest of the fight. Major R. M. Clendenning was very severely wounded, a shot passing through his right lung and one lodging in his arm. The conduct of Major Clendenning merits the highest commendation. He is brave man. Corpl. Nathan Collins and Private James J. Clark, of Company E, were severely wounded. These men deserve special notice. Eight others were slightly wounded. My thanks are due to Lieuts. William B. Baker and C. A. Denneman, of the battery, and Lieutenant C. L. Lamb for their gallant conduct while exposed to the enemy's fire; also to all the officers and men engaged.

After a short rest we proceeded, with seven additional companies of infantry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood (7), of the Elev-

