
enth Wisconsin, to the bridge across Bayou De View, as before mentioned.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. F. WOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Regiment Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel CONRAD BAKER, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

(1.) A mistake. The principal part of the infantry was engaged in the battle. Lieutenant-Colonel Wood did not pass me or the infantry in line of battle, as would seem to be his intention to state.

(2.) The enemy was not approaching, but retreating, when Colonel Wood arrived.

(3.) About half a mile. The infantry pursued farthest.

(4.) The order was given by Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, as stated, but he had no right to give the order, and gave it before I was ready for the cavalry charge, and, in my opinion, sacrificed life unnecessarily; but I did not countermand the order.

(5.) No line of battle was formed by the cavalry at this time.

(6.) During the fight Colonel Hovey directed all the forces, with only one exception, when Lieutenant-Colonel Wood improperly ordered a charge of the cavalry. The infantry were nearly all engaged, and had put the enemy to flight before Lieutenant-Colonel Wood came up.

(7.) This expedition marched under my orders, and was in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of the Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

Respectfully,

C. E. HOVEY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST REGIMENT INDIANA CAVALRY,Helena, Ark., July 18, 1862.

SIR: My report to you, dated the 15th instant, of the operations of a portion of the First Regiment of Indiana Cavalry at Round Hill and Bayou De View, on the 7th instant, having been referred, by order of Brigadier General F. Steele, to Colonel Hovey, Thirty-third Illinois Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, and he having returned the report to me with the following indorsements and comments hereinafter set forth-
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,July 17, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, First Indiana Cavalry, for correction.

C. E. HOVEY,

Colonel, Commanding-

I now beg leave to make this supplemental report, herewith returning the original report, with Colonel Hovey's comments appended thereto.

In my original report I started that the principal part of the infantry were standing in groups in the edge of the woods adjoining the road. They received us with demonstrations of joy, &amp;c. On this Colonel Hovey makes the following annotation or comment, to wit:

A mistake. The principal part of the infantry was engaged in the battle. Lieutenant-Colonel Wood did not pass me or the infantry in line of battle, as would seem to be his intention to state.

