
Colonel Hovey not only did not countermand the order, but affirmed it the moment it was given, by saying, "Yes; let the cavalry charge;" and this is the first intimation I have had of any dissatisfaction on his part with the order.

In my former report I stated that-

During the fight Colonel Hovey directed the movements of the skirmishers on our flanks. The infantry, with the exception of these skirmishers, was not engaged, but followed in the rear, ready, should any contingency arise requiring their assistance.

On this Colonel Hovey remarks as follows:

During the fight Colonel Hovey directed all the forces, with only one exception, when Lieutenant-Colonel Wood improperly ordered a charge of cavalry. The infantry were nearly all engaged, and had put the enemy to flight before Lieutenant-Colonel Wood came up.

Colonel Hovey was the commanding officer, and did direct all the forces; but as the only order I received from him, with one exception (which I will mention hereafter,) was the general order to engage or "pitch into" the enemy, I supposed, until I received further orders from him, it was intended that I should manage the details of the attack with the cavalry in my own way. The exception to this was that Colonel Hovey, in one instance, directed me to direct one of the guns to our right, so as to reach the left flank of the enemy, which order I obeyed. When I gave the order for two companies I though I was carrying out in the most effectual manner the previous order of Colonel Hovey to pitch into the enemy, and when he immediately affirmed my order I was confirmed in this conclusion. As to the infantry being nearly all engaged, and having put the enemy to flight before I came up, I have already, in his supplemental report, stated the facts as I understand them, and cannot report them differently.

In my original report I made the following statement:

After a short rest we proceeded, with seven additional companies of infantry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of the Eleventh Wisconsin, to the bridge across Bayou De View, as before mentioned.

On this Colonel Hovey remarks:

This expedition marched under my orders, and was in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of the Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry.

I do not so understand it. I marched from camp, under orders from Colonel Baker, then commanding the Third (but now commanding the Fourth) Brigade, directing me to proceed to the bridge across Bayou De View, and protect it from destruction. Colonel Baker, in giving me the orders, told me that General Steele directed that I should call upon Colonel Hovey for four companies of infantry too join in the expedition, and tell Colonel Hovey that it was his (General Steele's) wish that he (Colonel Hovey) should furnish the infantry. Just before I crossed Cache River I met General Steele, and he reiterated the same. Immediately after the fight at Round Hill I informed Colonel Hovey that I had been ordered to Bayou De View, and that General Steele had requested that he should furnish for infantry companies for that expedition. He said after the men had rested he would furnish them. After our return to Hill's house the enemy fired several times on the Bayou De View road, near Hill's house. Colonel Hovey directed the forces to be called to arms, and ordered me to proceed down the Bayou De View road and shell the woods, which I did. After proceeding a

