
few hundred yards Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of the Eleventh Wisconsin, came up with seven companies of infantry, and we proceeded, perhaps, three-fourths of a mile farther, without discovering the enemy. I then sent Lieutenant Lamb back to Colonel Hovey to inquire whether I should proceed with that force, the seven companies of infantry, and the cavalry and small guns, to carry out the instructions received from General Steele and Colonel Baker in the morning. Lieutenant Lamb returned with a message from Colonel baker and General Steele, I considered that I was acting under their orders. Colonel Wood, of the Eleventh Wisconsin, informed me that he supposed he was the senior officer, but as I had received the instructions and had before been at Bayou De View and knew the roads and country, he would take charge of the infantry and I of the cavalry, and I should give such general directions as I thought power, and he would cheerfully carry them out.

Disclaiming any intentional disrespect or injustice to Colonel Hovey, or any other officer or troops, in anything that I may have said in my original report or in this supplementary report, I must, as I have been charged by a superior officer with having an improper and unauthorized order, thereby unnecessarily sacrificing the lives of my own men, request that a court of inquiry into the justice of the imputation, and also to inquire and report as to the differences between Colonel Hovey and myself, as shown by my original report, his remarks thereon, and this supplementary report.

I therefore respectfully demand that a court of inquiry be convened for the purposes aforesaid, and trust that you will present the demand, through the regular channel, to the proper commanding officer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. WOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel CONRAD BAKER,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, First Division.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

Respectfully referred to the major-general commanding, with the remark that, in the opinion of the undersigned, the interests of the service would not be benefit by a court of inquiry to investigate this matter.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

HELENA, July 24, 1862.

The issues raised by the several indorsements of Colonel Hovey are not very material, but seem to impeach the veracity of associates who certainly shared with him gallant service. The colonel, so far as relates to the order of Colonel Wood [7] does great injustice to superior as well as himself, as the order originated in me, and, through General Steele, went to Colonel Baker in my presence, and with my consent he (Baker) turned it over to his inferior in rank, Colonel Wood.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

