
JULY 7, 1862.- Skirmish at Inman Hollow, Mo.

Report of Major Henry A. Gallup, Third Missouri Cavalry.

SIR: In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 21, from these headquarters, I took command of a detachment of 205 men of Companies B, D, G, and H, and proceeded to Crow's Station, arriving there at 1 a, m, on Sunday. The next morning I sent Company G, in charge of Sergeant Haines, with the wagons, direct to Salem, and proceeded with the other three companies to Stevenson's Mill, on the Current River, leaving a detachment of 15 men at Spring Creek, to reconnoiter and get such information as was to be obtained of the whereabouts of any rebel force that was in that vicinity. Monday morning, the 7th instant, I sent Lieutenant Avery back to Spring Creek with Company H, to go from that place to Salem, and proceeded down the river with the two remaining companies to the mouth of Inman Hollow.

Learning that several bands of rebels had been seen the night before about the head of this Hollow, and receiving information that there was a rebel camp, 200 strong, in that vicinity, I proceeded up the Hollow-searching closely for indications of an enemy. After proceeding about 3 miles 5 rebels were discovered getting corn from a barn on the road-side. Lieutenant Agnew, with the advance guard, drove them into the camp on the opposite side of the road, closely followed by Company B, Captain Glover commanding, charging the camp at full speed. The rebels fled precipitately, leaving coats, blankets, and arms on the ground. Owing to the distance at which they heard the firing from the house, they were flying in every direction when we arrived at their camp. We succeeded, however,, in killing 11, mortally wounding 1, and taking 1 prisoner, with several horses and mules. Their arms we were obliged to destroy, as we had no means of transportation. Two Hall's carbines, 1 German carbine, and 1 revolver pistol were saved. From Inman Hollow we marched to Salem, and encamped for the night.

On Tuesday morning I left Company H, with several horses of other companies, unable to travel for want of shoes, and proceeded direct to these headquarters, having directed Lieutenant Avery to proceed to this place on Wednesday following.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. A. GALLUP,

Major Third Missouri Cavalry.

Colonel J. M. GLOVER, Commanding Rolla Division.

JULY 7, 1862.- Skirmish near Newark, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Lieutenant Colonel James H. Crane, Second Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 2.- Captain Cicero A. Lewis, Second Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James H. Crane, Second Missouri Cavalry (Militia)

HDQRS. NORTHEASTERN DIV., Palmyra, July 9, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders received from division headquarters late on the evening of the 7th instant, to mount every available

