
JULY 9-11, 1862.- Skirmishes at Lotspeich Farm, on Sugar Creek, near Wadesburg; at Sears' House, near Pleasant Hill; and at Big Cree Bluffs, near Pleasant Hill, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major James O. Glower, First Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Captain Henry J. Stierlin, First Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Captain William A. Martin, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major James O. Gower, First Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CLINTON, HENRY COUNTY, MO.,July 13, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, on Tuesday, the 8th instant, I received information that a band of guerrillas, numbering some 200 men, commanded by one Quantrill, was in camp on Sugar Creek, near Wadesburg, Cass County, Missouri, whereupon I sent Lieutenant R. M. Reynolds, of Company A. First Iowa Cavalry, with Lieutenants Bishop, Foster, and Whisenand, and 90 enlisted men of Companies A, G, and H. First Iowa Cavalry, in search of them.

The detachment marched at 11 p. m., 8th instant, with orders to reach and attack Quantrill's camp, if possible, at daylight on the 9th instant. Quantrill's camp was discovered at about 6 a. m., 9th instant, and the advance guard, under Lieutenant Bishop, of Company A. First Iowa Cavalry, was very gallantry led to the attack, but, not being supported by the main column as soon as expected, retired without loss, though receiving several volleys. Lieutenant Reynolds charged them with his command, but finding the ground unfavorable and their position very strong, retired with a loss of 3 men wounded, 1 fatally, and since dead. Quantrill lost 1 man killed and several wounded.

Upon the return of the detachment I immediately sent dispatches to Butler and Warrensburg for details to meet them at Lotspeich farm, Cass County, Missouri, about 1 mile west of their camp. I marched, with 4 commissioned officers and 75 enlisted men of Companies A and G, First Iowa Cavalry, at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 10th instant, reaching the Lotspeich farm at 11 a. m., finding a detachment of 65 men, First Iowa Cavalry, from Butler, Mo., under command of Captain William H. Ankeny, with Lieutenants Dinsmore and McIntyre, and also a detachment of 65 enlisted men of the Seventh Missouri Cavalry, from Harrisonville, under command of Captain Martin.

Shortly afterward my command was increased by Lieutenant White and 60 enlisted men of the First Missouri Cavalry, from Warrensburg, under command of Captain M. Kehoe. Upon inquiry I ascertained that Quantrill and his men (estimated at 250) had left their camp on Sugar Creek about 4 p. m. on the 9th instant. At 2 p. m. 10th instant I received word from Captain Kehoe that he has found their trail and was pursuing. After striking the trail I pressed forward with my command in a northeasterly direction, passing east of Rose Hill, Johnson County, and thence passing up Big Creek Bottom in a northwesterly direction, overtaking Captain Kehoe at 7 p. m. 10 instant at the farm of Mr. Hornsby, at which place Quantrill and his men had taken dinner. Having marched 50 miles during the day I went into camp, did-

