
loss or capture of property, I am unable to report upon it. Loss in the three skirmishes, 11 killed and 21 wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES O. GOWER,

Major First Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Colonel FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Commanding Sub-District, Butler, Bates County, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Henry J. Stierlin, First Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FIRST MISSOURI CAVALRY,Warrensburg, Mo., July 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of an engagement which occurred on the 11th instant, near Pleasant Hill, between the forces of the First Missouri Cavalry, under command of Captain M. Kehoe, Company C, against the guerrillas under Quantrill, Houx, and Up. Hays, numbering about 300 men. In connection with this, I deem it necessary to state that information of the whereabouts of this gang was first given by Major Gower, of the First Iowa Cavalry, relating the circumstances of an attack made upon a detachment of that regiment on the 9th instant. Major Gower asked for co-operation against this gang, upon which request Major Charles Banzhaf, commanding (now absent), dispatched immediately Captain M. Kehoe and Lieutenant William White, with the following number of men: Company A, First Missouri Cavalry, 21 men; Company D, First Missouri Cavalry, 15 men; Company C, First Missouri Cavalry, 25 men. Total, 61 men.

The command started at daybreak on Thursday, July 10, and proceeded, in compliance with orders, to the place where the First Iowa Cavalry was attacked the preceding evening, at which point it arrived at 10 a. m., finding a detachment of the First Iowa Cavalry, under command of Major Gower, encamped, feeding their horses and breakfasting. The captain reported to the major that he was sent in pursuit of Quantrill, and knowing that any delay would give Quantrill a start, he told Major Gower that he would advance at once, and that if he should meet the marauders he would dispatch a messenger to acquaint him of the fact; also informing the major, before leaving, of the direction he should take. Captain M. Kehoe then followed along a creek in pursuit. He soon struck the bushwhacker's trail at Lincoln Ford, on Big Creek, and dispatched immediately a messenger to Major Gower, requesting him to follow up as soon as possible. Learning from the neighboring farmers, where Quantrill had fed his horses, that his force consisted of about 250 to 300 men, the captain deemed it prudent to give the First Iowa Cavalry a chance to follow up, keeping up the pursuit in a slow walk. He arrived at about 7 p. m. at a farm-house 8 miles west of Pleasant Hill, where Quantrill had again stopped to feed his horses, and at which place he also halted to rest for the night and wait for re-enforcements. The whole distance marched up to that time was about 60 miles, during which stoppages wee only made for watering. Shortly after major Gower's command came up, also encamping for the night. Here it was agreed upon to start again in pursuit of the marauders at daybreak Friday, July 11. At the appointed time Cap-

