
received a wound on the forehead, charged bravely at the head of the command, firing and dealing blows to the right and left.

The loss of the enemy must certainly be about 50 killed and wounded. They are scattered over an extent of at least 2 miles square. Assist. Surg. W. W. Bailey, First Missouri Cavalry, reports 6 killed and 9 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. STIERLIN,

Captain Company A, First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Battalion.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding Central Division, Missouri.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain William A. Martin, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY G, SEVENTH CAV. MO. VOLS.,Harrisonville, Mo., July 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that, according to the orders of Major Gower, commanding expedition, the call "To boots and saddles" was sounded yesterday morning at 3 o'clock at camp 4 miles northwest of Kingsville. The command got ready to move as quick as practicable and started out on the zigzag trace of the still flying band. They followed up the course of Big Creek, and, passing over the most inaccessible route that could be found, at 8 o'clock in the morning the advance guard, under Captain Kehoe, came in sight of their pickets, drove them in and charged upon their forces, which were fortified in a barn 3 miles west of Pleasant Hill. He was repulsed, with the loss of 5 men killed. He then fell back and fortified himself in a log house until the main forces came up. Meantime Quantrill, with his forces, fell back half a mile and took position in a ravine, which was surrounded with dense brush, and which had precipitate banks on either side from 5 to 7 feet high, the banks being from 2 to 4 rods apart, giving him a very strong position. The dead of the column advanced and opened fire on him from the prairie, which he returned with great vigor for a few moments, when I came in sight with my command, and, observing the position of the enemy, advanced at once upon their lines. But on riding up within 15 paces of the precipice from behind which they were pouring a galling fire upon us I dismounted my men, and, being under so strong a fire, did not wait to form more than 20 of my men until I charged upon their lines, not firing a shot until I reached the brink of the precipice, when I opened a volley of fire upon their lines, which were formed not more than 15 feet from my line which produced a most dreadful effect. I at once cried to my brave men to charge the ditch, by which time some more of my men had taken position by my side. We threw ourselves in the narrow defile among them. Then ensued a hand--to-hand and bloody struggle for the mastery of the defile; but my gallant men drove them from their strong position with not more than half the number of men they had on their side. I scaled the opposite bank after them, and drove them back near 100 yards to the edge of the brush, they disputing every inch of the ground. But, as if had been discovered by the major that they were being beaten back toward the open ground, he sent a detachment around to that side, which drove them back, and for a time I and my little band even inter-

