
after an absence of sixty-nine hours, in which time the men of my company ate three meals, and were in the saddle all that time except ten hours. The first five hours were spent in a grove, the men with their arms in their hands and drenched with an incessant fall of rain. The second five hours were spent in repose, with their arms in their hands, in the open grove, but with a clear sky. All the deprivations and suffering were endured by the men without a murmur. It was enough for them to know that in three days they had as many times routed and finally cut to pieces this lawless band of marauders.

W. A. MARTIN,

Captain Company G, Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Vols.

Major A. H. LINDER,

Commanding Detachment Seventh Cav., Missouri Vols.

JULY 14-17, 1862.- Reconnaissance from Grand River to Fort Gibson, Tahlequah, and Park Hill, Ind. T., and skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Major William T. Campbell, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Captain Harris S. Greeno, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp on Grand River, July 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On day before yesterday I started Major Campbell, Sixth Kansas, with about 200 men, to reconnoiter the alleged position of the enemy south of the Arkansas.

About dusk of the same day, having heard that the enemy had crossed the river in some considerable force, coming northward, and fearing for Major Campbell's safety, I started with a party of some 600 mounted men in a roundabout manner, so as to scour the country toward Fort Gibson.

About 2 a. m. I came up with Major Campbell, and found that he had gallantry driven in the enemy's pickets, entered Fort Gibson, and scattered a rebel force there stationed in all directions. He was compelled to retire northward some 4 miles in order to graze his animals.

On yesterday morning we together entered Fort Gibson, finding no enemy. Major Campbell, with his immediate command, proceeded by my directions some 3 miles south of Gibson to the Arkansas River. On reaching the bank discovered the enemy in considerable force on the other side. A few shots were fired by our men at the tempting sight of an enemy, which brought about a general firing from them, who thought they were attacked in force. One man and horse of ours was slightly touched.

The purposes of the reconnaissance having been accomplished, we returned by a circuitous route to camp here, leaving the enemy in a puzzle as to our movements or intentions.

On the same day (day before yesterday) I dispatched Captain Greeno

