
with a small party to Tahlequah and Park Hill. He has reported to me by letter the capture of Lieutenant-Colonel Cooper, commanding rebel forces, to report at once for duty at the point of concentration reconnoitered by us (Fort Davis); also that Colonel Rector had passed the same day with 500 men from Arkansas to re-enforce Cooper; also that Chief Ross had been called upon in the name of President Davis to summon by proclamation all the Cherokees to resist our army. In short, every exertion is being made to concentrate a large force at Fort Davis, which is opposite the mouth of Grand River, on the south side of the Arkansas. I will march to-night with as much force as I can command to cross the Arkansas above their fort and attack their camp. I can no accurate information as to their numbers. If I fail, it will be for want of suitable guns and necessary ammunition and the feeble condition of our horses. I shall act prudently and hope to report success, starting it in about three days. I am not uneasy about Ross' proclamation, as the Cherokees with me say they will drop him if he issues it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT, A. A. G., Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

Numbers 2. Report of Major William T. Campbell, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

FORT GIBSON, CHEROKEE NATION, July 14, 1862.

DEAR SIR: Within about 6 miles from your camp on the road to this place I ran into the pickets of the enemy, and in consequence I continued without making a halt until we arrived in Fort Gibson about 5 p. m. There was a strong picket guard at this place, but they all made their escape, being previously notified, I presume, of an approach. The guard is variously estimated from 40 to 100 strong. I have interrogated different persons, and all I can learn is that the enemy is beyond the Arkansas River, about 4 miles from this place and in the vicinity of Fort Davis, represented to be 6,000 or 7,000 strong; expected Pike yesterday with two batteries, when he was to march and attack the Federals in their prairie camp, &amp;c. I will go into camp in this vicinity and gather what other information I can, when I will notify you of the same. There is no corn or grass in this neighborhood.

W. T. CAMPBELL,

Major Sixth Kansas.

Colonel WEER.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Harris S. Greeno, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

CAMP ON GRAND RIVER, July 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

I left this camp with my command, consisting of one company of whites and 50 Cherokees Indians, on the 14th instant for Tahlequah and

11 R R - VOL XIII

