
JULY 15, 1862.- Action near Fayetteville, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 17, 1862.

The expedition sent to Fayetteville, Ark., commanded by major Miller, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, consisting of one section of Davidson's battery (two mountain howitzers) and 550 mounted riflemen, and cavalry detachments from the Second Wisconsin, Third Missouri State Militia, and Tenth Illinois, attacked the combined forces of Rains, Coffee, Hunter, Hawthorne, and Tracy, numbering about 1,600 men, 8 miles southwest of that town, at sunrise Tuesday morning, defeating and routing them completely. The enemy's camps were shelled, followed by charges of cavalry, and his force scattered in every direction. The pursuit was continued to Cane Hill, about 12 miles, toward which the main body retreated, but had to be given up, as the horses were tired out. By making two night marches and hiding in the woods during the day the force made a rapid secret movement of 75 miles in thirty-six hours with the above result. I have not received any report of casualties, except the enemy's was large; our small. The command returned to Fayetteville, where it was resting Wednesday morning. A march of over 100 miles had been made in about forty-four hours.

Colonel Hall reports the capture of over 1,200 pigs of lead in the vicinity of Granby and the killing of 21 guerrillas in the past four days. None of our troops killed; we lost some horses. I have ordered the lead to be removed to this post. Ore for about 800 pigs is now in the furnaces. Messrs. Blow &amp; Kennett can advise what had better be done with it, as it should not be smelted by the enemy if they drive us out of Newton County.

The expedition I sent in pursuit of Coleman returned this morning; accomplished nothing. McBride, with 2,400 men, moved up the west bank of the White River; crossed it about 60 miles below Forsyth; sent part toward Houston, and with the balance moved to Batesville. The Fourteenth Missouri State Militia was the principal force I sent against Coleman. Colonel King's Third Missouri State Militia has been doing good work at Cassville. Their movements would be another text for the Democrat to preach from, abusing the Governor and the Missouri State Militia.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.

JULY 18, 1862.- Skirmish near Memphis, Mo.

Report of Major John Y. Clopper, Second Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR PIERCE'S MILL, July 19, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to report that I yesterday encountered Porter's forces, conjoined with Dunn's, at 12 m., and fought and routed them after a desperate and severe fight of three hours. They had an ambush well planned and drew my advance guard into it, in which my men suffered severely. My killed and wounded amounted to 83 to 83 men, 15 of which belonged to my battalion Merrill's Horse; the balance, 38,

