
to Major Roger's battalion, Eleventh Missouri State Militia. Among the wounded of my officers are Captain Harker, slightly, Lieutenant Gregory, Lieutenant Potter, and Lieutenant Robinson. I cannot find adequate terms to express the heroic manner in which my command stood the galling and destructive fire poured upon them by the concealed assassins.

I have not time to make an official or detailed report of the action; will do so upon the first favorable opportunity. Colonel McNeil joined me last night with 67 men. The enemy's force if variously estimated at from 400 to 700. I have now halted for the purpose of burying the dead and taking care of the sick. Will pursue the enemy at 11 a. m. this date. They are whipped and in full flight. The forced marches I have been compelled to make and the bad condition of the roads and constant rainy weather have had the effect of exhausting my horses and men.

The enemy were well concealed in dense underbrush, and I must give them credit for fighting well. They will not meet me on fair ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN Y. CLOPPER,

Major, Commanding Battalion Merrill's Horse.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Saint Louis Division, Saint Louis, Mo.

JULY 19-23, 1862.- Scout in Polk and Dallas Counties, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant John R. Kelso, Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

CAMP SCHOFIELD, MO., July 25, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor of reporting to you the results of a scout commanded by me in the southern parts of Polk and Dallas Counties:

By order of Brigadier General E. B. Brown I took command of a detachment of 50 men from Companies B, C, E, and H, of the Fourteenth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and about 5 o'clock on the evening of the 19th instant marched in the direction of Buffalo. About 10 o'clock at night we reached the Pomme de Terre, 17 miles north of Springfield. Here we were overtaken by a shower of rain. Sheltering ourselves as well as we could beneath the thick foliage of the trees, we awaited the close of the shower. After waiting about an hour the rain ceased. I then divided my command into three parties. The first (consisting of 15 men) I placed under the command of Sergt. Pleasant Smith, of Company C, and sent into the Highfield neighborhood the second party (consisting of 13 men) I placed under the command of Sergt. John M. Baxter, of Company H, and sent into the Mayfield neighborhood. In command of the third party I marched to Pleasant Hope, in Polk County. As I supposed that the rain would drive the bushwhacking rebels into their houses, I gave orders to surround the houses silently and then seize such rebels as might be found in them. This plan succeeded well, some being taken at almost every house.

After traveling all night, meeting with some exciting, some amusing adventures, and running a good deal of risk, the three parties met according to agreement at Mose Bennett's, 8 miles south of Buffalo. My party had taken 17 prisoners, Sergeant Smith's 15, and Sergeant Bax-

