
of the South will drive General Curtis back and overrun this country. I did not succeed in discovering any secret organization, yet I believe such do exist, and that companies are prepared to rise up, as by magic, in one night, whenever a suitable opportunity presents itself. I observed some local nuisances, but these I have reported to the provost-marshal.

These, major, are the principal facts that I have to communicate; therefore I will close by subscribing myself, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KELSO,

First Lieutenant Co. H, 14th Cav. Regiment, Mo. State Militia.

Major JAMES H. STEGER,

A. A. G., Southwest Division, Missouri State Militia.

JULY 20, 1862.- Skirmish at Greenville, Mo.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.- Captain William T. Leeper, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 2.- Captain William C. Bangs, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 3.- Lieutenant Philip Sutherlin, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 4. Asst. Surg. Douglas, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 5.- Affidavit of Lieutenant Evan Francis, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 6.- Affidavit of Sergt. J. M. L. Jamieson, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 1. Report of Captain William T. Leeper, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

GREENVILLE, MO., July 20, 1862.

SIR: On this morning at daylight my camp was surprised by the rebels, some 300 or 40 in number. They were close upon us before we discovered them. Some of my men were asleep in the tents; not over one-half of them got their guns at all. We were bound to retreat. We crossed the river close to camp; then I rallied what few men I had in my company. We recrossed the river and drove the enemy out of our camp, but we were too weak to hold our ground, and were compelled to retreat the second time.

Our camp was sacked by the enemy and almost everything of value taken. We lost all of our rifles, I think, except about 30. We lost 16 Savage revolvers, 19 sabers, all of our horses and horse equipage, and some 50 pais of holster pistols, and, in fact, nearly all we had. Our tents were not hurt only by bullets. We lost all of our clothing except what we had on.

We had 2 men killed (2 more I think will die) and 5 wounded. We killed 4 of the enemy and wounded 6 that we know of. Two of the wounded will be sure to die. We were outnumbered at least three to one.

The night before we were attacked was one of continual storm and rain. There was a continual war of elements all night. They came in between our pickets through the woods. We were not able to meet them; we only had about 100 men fit for duty at the line.

I cannot get along without arms. We have only about 30 rifles.

My men are scattered; I think I will soon get them together. I have

