
lost no men prisoners. My wounded are all here. I now earn that they have two more men badly wounded. We are in possession of our camp.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

A. A. G., Saint Louis, Mo., Hdqrs. Missouri State Militia.

P. S.- With the force at my command it is impossible to picket this post so that the enemy cannot come in between my pickets. It would take about all my force to properly picket this place.

P. S.- We all now know that we killed 9 of the enemy and 1 died since of wounds.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William C. Bands, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

PILOT KNOB, MO., August 29, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your request I forward statement of such facts as I am acquainted with in relation to the surprise of Greenville, Mo., on the morning of July 20:

I was in town at the time of attack by the enemy, a quarter of a mile from camp, having gone there the evening before, and upon hearing the report of fire-arms in the direction of camp I attempted to join my company, but found it impossible, for the enemy had gained possession of our camp, having attacked from the east and southeast.

On the morning of July 19 there were 9 privates and 2 corporals detailed from my company by order of W. T. Leeper, captain Company B, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, commanding post, 1 corporal and 3 privates for camp guard and 1 corporal and 6 privates for picket guard. Three of the picket guard were stationed north of camp on the Fredericktown road; 3 on the road to town south of camp. There were also 3 privates from Company B to guard the forage belonging to Company B, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. There was but one officer present of Company G; the first lieutenant, being post quartermaster at the tie, was absent. All the officers of Company B, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, were present at the time of the attack. After the enemy had driven our men to the other side of the river I could plainly hear Captain Leeper trying to rally his men. After finding it useless for me to try to join my company by the direct route I crossed the river lower down with 1 of my men and fell in with Lieutenant Purcell, Company B, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, were present at the time of the attack. After the enemy had driven our men to the other side of the river I could plainly hear Captain Leeper trying to rally his men. After finding it useless for me to try to join my company by the direct I crossed the river lower down with 1 of my men and fell in with Lieutenant Purcell, Company B, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. He was wounded in the foot and appeared very faint from loss of blood. He stated that the men were completely surprised and driven from camp in all directions. By this time the firing had almost ceased. After consulting a short time we concluded to go to Black River for help, and while on the way we met a small party of soldiers going to Greenville from Black River and we returned with them. On the way back we heard that the enemy had left town and that our soldiers were again in possession of the place. Second Lieutenant John S. Darnell, of Company G, Twelfth Regiment Cav-

