
alry, Missouri State Militia, told me that he did not try to rally the men, for he thought that it would be of no use.

WM. C. BANGS,

Captain Company G, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Mo. S. M.

Lieutenant-Colonel SIMPSON.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Philip Sutherlin, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

PILOT KNOB, MO., August 30, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In answer to your note of the 28th inst. I have to day that I know but little of my own knowledge in regard to the maneuvering of the skirmish between Companies B and G, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and a band of bushwhackers at Greenville, Mo., on July 20. I had been detailed by the post commander to act as quartermaster and was permitted to stay in town with my family overnights.

About sunup I heard the attack commence and started immediately for the scene of action, but finding it impossible to reach the camp by the usual route I went to the rear of the enemy and carefully examined the trial. I supposed it to be about 150 to 200 cavalry. I went near the camp, and found them busy demolishing and sacking the camp. Our men had retreated in the other direction and crossed the river.

Our loss was 2 men killed (1 in each company) and 7 wounded, 2 of whom have since died; 4 horses and mules were killed. Company G lost 3 horses; Company B about 70 horses. Company G lost 2 tents burned and commissary stores. Company G saved about 35 guns and Company B about 40.

The loss of the enemy is not known, as they took most of the killed and wounded away in our ambulance. They left 2 wounded both have since died.

There were no pickets at ford of the river nor at the telegraph office in town. There were 6 men on picket, I believe. I heard that there were 3 on the road between the camp and the town. There were no patrols out the night before, as had been nearly every night for two weeks past. There were citizens in town the evening before than I had seen there at once time before since we had been stationed there. Captain Carson and his brother - one his lieutenants, who was captured at the Fredericktown fight and who lived 20 miles in the direction that the rebels came - had not been at Greenville before the day previous to the fight. A. H. Dalton, merchant, had been growing more and more alarmed for ten days past, and on Saturday (19th) had actually been selling goods at from one-quarter to one-fifth cheaper than he had ever done before, and was exceedingly anxious to make sales at those rates.

If you wish any explanation on other points touched you will please state them and I will answer to the best of my recollection.

In conclusion, I can say that the surprise was perfect, the enemy being within shooting range and skirted the full length of the encampment before they were discovered by our side.

Yours, truly,

P. SUTHERLIN,

First Lieutenant Company G, Twelfth Regiment Cav., Mo. S. M.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL P. SIMPSON,

Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

