
insurgent had possession of our camp and were plundering it. I then went back to a farm-house and staid until noon, when a team was sent to bring me in. I found the rebels gone and all our commissioned officers in camp and a part of the men. I found 2 men killed and 5 wounded (2 mortally) and 2 of the rebels mortally wounded and left behind.

The number of rebels engaged in the affair I heard variously estimated at from 200 to 500. Previous to the attack there had been pickets on the road about half way to the village of Greenville and above the camp on the Fredericksburg road, and also in the timber east of the camp. There was also a guard and a patrol on the roads south and east of the village after night. I think the pickets in the timber were withdrawn after Major Lazear left, and the patrol was not out on the evening previous to the melee. Captain Bangs, of Company G, was not in camp at the time, and the first lieutenant was on detached service and away from camp.

The evening previous to the attack was very dark, with the clouds foretelling rain, and we had a terrific thunder-storm during the night. Allow me also to state that a number of men belonging to Company B were drunk and under guard near the pile of forage the night before, and it was said that men were ;lurking in the woods, about, selling or giving liquor to the men. I saw Captain Leeper sending out men, trying to apprehend them that were selling it the day before; and, Mr. Perry, a merchant in the village, told me that he saw a man in the village giving away all the whisky he could to the soldiers indiscriminately.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY DOUGLAS, M. D.,

Asst. Surg., Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant Colonel S. P. SIMPSON,

Commanding Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

Numbers 5. Affidavit of Lieutenant Evan Francis, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

NEAR PATTERSON, MO., September 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Francis, of lawful age, being sworn, says:

I reside in Saint Louis. Am now first lieutenant in Company B, Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, commanded by Captain William T. Leeper. I was in camp on the morning of July 20, I was in camp the night before. I know the number of guards that were out that night. There were three on the Fredericktown road north and west of camp, some 200 yards above the camp. The other three were at the forks of the Fredericktown and Ironton road, about 50 yards from the river and about 400 yards south of the camp. There were not other guards, except three and one corporal in camp guarding forage and prisoners. I did not think at the time that there was sufficient guards out to protect the camp, for the north, east, and south sides of the camp were entirely unguarded, There were men enough in camp to have guarded the east side of the camp at least. It was rumored in town and among the people that the camp would be attacked about that time. The evening before the attack Captain

