
hour whether Porter will return north, continue south, or remain on Salt River. I go to florida at once with 100 men. I would suggest that a force 300 strong be sent out to Florida at once.

Respectfully,

H. C. CALDWELL,

Major Third Iowa Cavalry.

Colonel LEWIS MERRILL, Saint Louis, Mo.

JULY 23, 1862.- Skirmish on the Blackwater, near Columbus, Mo.

Report of Colonel Daniel Huston, jr., Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Lexington, Mo., July 23 [24], 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a detachment of the Seventh Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Dewolf, sent from this post, in conformity with Special Orders, Numbers 12, from these headquarters, had a skirmish fight yesterday with a band of guerrillas on the Blackwater, near Columbus, in which 4 of the miscreants were killed and 8 or 10 wounded; 13 horses, 10 guns, and 6 pistols, besides a quantity of ammunition, taken.

On our side 1 man was severely wounded in the arm, 1 horses killed, and 3 horses slightly wounded.

The guerrillas were pursued about 5 miles, when darkness compelled our men to give up the pursuit. I have 162 men in that vicinity, and hope to bag some more of the wretches.

I am, &amp;c.,

DANL. HUSTON, JR.,

Colonel Seventh Missouri Volunteers Cavalry, Commanding Sub-District.

Major LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 23-25, 1862.- Expedition from Helena, Ark., to Coldwater, and skirmish at White Oak Bayou, Miss.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel N. Wood, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. WOOD'S BATTALION, SIXTH MO. CAVALRY,Helena, Ark., July 25, 1862.

GENERAL: In pursuance of your order, received at 8 p. m. on the 23rd instant, with 100 of my on command, including the two mountain howitzers and 90 men from Companies B and E, Eighth Indiana Infantry, under Captain [B. F.] Elwood and Lieutenants [W. G.] Hill, and [Henry] Rader, I went on board the steamboat Catahoula, and at 9 p. m. we proceeded up the Mississippi to an island opposite Austin. At break of day I landed the infantry at Austin, Miss., divided them into two detachments, sent one to the right, the other to the left, and directed them to get a position on the Senatobia road, east of Austin. Ten minutes after I followed with cavalry and the two mountain how-

