
country this side of Coldwater River, and will at the same time ascertain the murder and character of the troops at Senatobia.

I cannot close this communication without bearing testimony to the gallant conduct of the force with me. When even it was apparent that there were two to one against us, not a man flinched. The infantry from the Eighth Indiana deserve especial mention. When they reached the point where the train had turned back, although they had marched 12 miles on the double-quick, so eager were they that they raised a yell, doubling their speed, putting our horses to the trot, Captain Elwood and Lieutenants Jill and Rader taking the lead.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. N. WOOD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.

General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding Post, Helena.

JULY 24-26, 1862.- Expedition from Helena to Marianna, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel Robert J. Rombauer, First Missouri Infantry (U. S. R. C.).

Numbers 2.- Captain John F. Youngs, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Robert J. Rombauer, First Missouri Infantry (U. S. R. C.)
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp, Beech Grove, Ark., July 27, 1862.

GENERAL: The detachment of 300 cavalry sent under my command to intercept some Confederate troops attempting to cross the L'Anguille Creek started from Helena on the 24th instant at 9.15 p. m. Marching steadily through the night, I arrived at Marianna at 5 a. m. the 25th instant, and met a small detachment of infantry, which came from a steamer just arrived, and in pursuit of the same object as our detachment. Conferring with the captain commanding the infantry on the boat, I learned that one company of rebels encamped on L'Anguille Lake, 4 miles southeast of Marianna, was attacked by mountain howitzers and other forces the previous evening, scattered and ran and had crossed the L'Anguille Creek previous to our starting from Helena, stating at the same time that some 500 more of the rebels were on the half island formed by the Saint Francis and L'Anguille Rivers. On this report I ordered 60 men, under Captain Youngs, of the Fifth Kansas, on board of the steamer, to be taken down to the place where the enemy had crossed, and from thence to follow their tracks and try to overtake them. The inclosed report [Numbers 2.] of Captain J. F. Youngs will speak for the balance of that portion of the expedition.

At Marianna I stationed 85 men, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Blome, with orders to scout the banks of L'Anguille Creel; also the road toward Helena to the south, and toward Hughes' Ferry northward, and proceeded with the balance of the command to Hughes'

