
main forces stationed toward Little Rock than to prevent squads and companies from joining them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT J. ROMBAUER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John F. Youngs, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

CAMP FIFTH KANSAS CAVALRY,

July 27, 1862.

I have the honor to report the result of my expedition.

In accordance with your order I left Marianna with 62 men; proceeded on board a small steamer to a point some 8 miles below Marianna, where the attack had been made on the boat the evening previous; landed, and taking the trail of the enemy, 50 in number, as I learned from citizens, followed it south and southwest; ascertained that the company was the same that had fired on the boat; that they were commanded by Colonel Barstow; after the attack on the boat he had scattered his company is squads; having no teams they followed no road. I found the camps of three different squads. Succeeded in overhauling and taking prisoners 3 of the rebels party, and delivered them, with 3 citizens, prisoners, to the captain commanding an infantry company on board the boat.

On my return to Helena I took from rebel parties 1 ambulance, 1 buggy, 4 horses, and 3 mules. Arrived at the camp of the Second Brigade at 4.30 p. m. July 26.

I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

J. F. YOUNGS,

Captain Company E, Fifth Kansas.

Colonel ROMBAUER,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Southwest.

JULY 25-26, 1862.- Skirmishes near Mountain Store, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel John M. Glover, Third Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Captain George D. Bradway, Third Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 3.- Lieutenant William Waldschmidt, Battery L, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John M. Glover, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ROLLA DIVISION,Rolla, Mo., July 29, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a detachment sent out in search of Coleman's force by Lieutenant-Colonel Weydemeyer, com-

12 R R - VOL XIII

