
manding post at Houston, Mo., on the 25th instant, composed of Companies E and F, Third Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Captains Bradway and Call commanding, together with a half section Light Battery L, Second Missouri Artillery, Lieutenant Waldschmidt commanding, all in charge of Captain Bradway, suddenly came upon Coleman and about 60 men on the right-hand branch of Big Piney. The rebels were promptly attacked and dispersed, killing and wounding several, and taking a number of prisoners.

On the following morning, from information obtained from prisoners, the command marched upon Coleman's Camp, supposed to contain some 300 men, and, after two sharp skirmishes, completely routed his whole force, killing 8, wounded 20, and capturing 17 prisoners in all their engagements.

I am pleased to state I am informed that officers and men all acquitted themselves with commendable coolness and courage, having not a man wounded, and losing one horses, killed.

I make special mention of the fact that four of the prisoners had the provost-marshal's certificates and claimed protection under them, at the same time throwing down their arms, so they were taken as prisoners without arms in their hands. This is the kind of material which is by degrees destroying our brave troops. They take the oath, give bond, kill as many of us as they can, and when swift vengeance, retribution, and justice are about to overtake them they ask protection from their certificates.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain George D. Bradway, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD MISSOURI CAVALRY,Camp at Houston, July 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Post Orders, Numbers 48, dated July 25, 1862, I started from Houston with a detachment, composed of 60 men from Company E, Third Missouri Cavalry, and 40 men of Company F, of the same regiment, under command of Captain [James] Call, and one-half section of Light Battery L, Second Missouri Artillery, under Lieutenant William Waldschmidt, to carry out the instructions of said order. Starting at 1.30 p. m., proceeded with all due dispatch, intending to go into camp as near the Mountain Store as would be safe. I saw no signs of the enemy, neither could I hear anything of him about 5 p. m., when I learned from a Mrs. Forrester that a band of 70 had passed down one branch of the Big Piney the previous evening. After leading this, and hearing that I could find water and forage for my horses about 4 1/2 miles in advance, I pushed forward, hoping to reach good camping ground before sunset. Just as my advance guard of 12 men, under Sergeant Granger, of Company E, had crossed the right-hand branch of the Big Piney, they same unexpectedly upon a company of 60 rebels, under command of Colonel Coleman. As soon as Sergeant Granger saw the enemy he gave the order

