
to fire, quickly following it by the order to charge. Both of these orders were executed in gallant style, but Coleman, instead of fighting, as a brave man would, as soon as he saw our men he cried, "Feds!" and turned his horse and fled, followed by his whole band. I was with the main body of the command, about one-fourth of a mile behind the advance, and as soon as I heard the firing and the will cheers of our men I pressed forward to their support with Company E, being quickly followed by Captain Call and Lieutenant Waldschmidt, who, like the brave men the led, were eager for a fight. Coming up with the advance, I found that the enemy had scattered in every direction, some taking to the corn field and others, with Coleman, going into the woods. On scouring the corn field we found 2 dead rebels and took 7 prisoners. On learning that Coleman had taken to the woods with a portion of his men I sent Captain call in pursuit with his company and a part of Company E. After following the enemy a short distance the captain returned, having killed 1 rebel and taken 6 prisoners. The pursuit was followed up by Lieutenant Prickett until about 8 o'clock, when he returned, and the command went into camp. In this affair none of our men were injured. On examining our prisoners I found that Coleman had broken up his camp on the Beaver, and intended to encamp that night on the right-hand fork of the Big Piney, near a Mr. Harrison's, about 4 miles from our camp. Consultation was held with the officers of my command, and it was determined to attack the enemy early the next morning, although we were reliably informed that their force consisted of 300 men, well armed.

We started at sunrise on the morning of the 26th, and at 6.30 our advance, under Sergeant Lawrence, of Company F, came up and drove in the enemy's pickets. This was about 2 1/2 miles from their camp. I immediately sent forward Captain call, with a small force, to support the advance guard, and to take charge of the attack on the enemy' camp, which I now learned was 1 1/2 miles beyond our advance, and on the left or west side of the road.

Soon after hearing the force, under Captain Call, engaged with the enemy, I sent a further re-enforcement of 16 men from Company E, under Sergeant Glavin, to his support. The captain gallantry met the enemy's advance, routed them, and, following close upon their hells, chased them into their camp and through it, scattering them in every direction, killing and wounding several.

While Captain Call was engaged with that portion of the enemy's force which remained at their camp I led forward the light battery and the remaining portion of Company E, Crossing the Big Piney near the house of Mr. Harrison and turning short to the right. I was about to cross the creek a little lower down, when my little force was met by a shower of balls from the enemy, who was in possession of a high, rocky bluff about 100 feet distant. Although the fire was entirely unexpected, still it did not throw my men into the least confusion, but every man behaved with the coolness of veterans. Lieutenant Waldschmidt, with the most admirable coolness, ordered his gun unlimbered and placed it in position under a most galling fire, which the enemy appeared to specially direct against him and his battery. My attention was particularly called to the deliberate coolness and precision with which the gunners loaded and fired their gun. They did not appear to be any more excited than on an ordinary parade, although the balls fell thick and fast around them. Great credit is due Lieutenant Waldschmidt for the excellent manner in which he managed the half section under his command.

