
After giving the, five rounds of canister the enemy broke and fled. Having thoroughly scoured the woods and finding no signs of the enemy I ordered the recall sounded, and started with the command for this place, where I arrived at 2 p. m., having had three skirmishes with the enemy, outnumbering us 3 to 1, killing 8, wounding 20, and taking 17 prisoners and 7 guns, without losing a man or having one wounded. We lost 1 horse.

Too much credit cannot be given to the whole command for their daring and bravery in this whole affair.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEORGE D. BRADWAY,

Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant-Colonel WEYDEMEYER, Commanding Post.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant William Waldschmidt, Battery L, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

MILITARY POST AT HOUSTON, MO.,

July 26, 1862.

In obedience to Post Orders, Numbers 52, I have the honor to report that I detailed one-half of the first section of Battery L, Second Missouri Light Artillery, under Sergt. C. Valtz, accompanied by myself, in all 16 men and 14 horses, on July 25, to report to Captain Bradway, Third Missouri Cavalry, for duty. After reporting to the captain I was conducted by a cavalry guard of 20 southwest from Houston, to where a rebel band, commanded by a certain Coleman, was reported to be. About one hour before sunset the advance guard met the enemy at a place free of timber. When I arrived on the battle ground the cavalry had already repulsed the enemy and was in close pursuit of the same, squads of cavalry bringing in prisoners and wounded. Our force encamped there until daybreak this morning, when ordered to march northward to a place called Harrison's Store, where two of the rebel companies were encamping. The main body of column had passed the store when we heard our advance guard engaged with the enemy, who promptly returned their fire. Captain Bradway now gave me orders to advance with the artillery. I held it within 30 yards of a creek, when the enemy fired at us very rapidly from a high hill arising from the waters' edge on the northern creek 150 yards in front of us. I ordered the pieces unlimbered and charged with canister. After a short but brisk engagement the enemy's fire gradually weakened, and finally ceased altogether. During the whole engagement the men under my command behaved with considerable coolness and remarkable precision, and am happy to report that none of the command are killed, wounded, or missing.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. WALDSCHMIDT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Sec. Light Batty., 2nd Mo. Vol. Arty.

Lieutenant-Colonel WEYDEMEYER,

Second Missouri Volunteer Artillery, Commanding Post.

