
JULY 26-29, 1862.- Scout in Southeastern Missouri and skirmishes (July 28) at and near Bollinger's Mill.

Report of Captain Levi E. Whybark, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

GREENVILLE, MO., July 29, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of scout by Captain Whybark, Company F, Missouri State Militia:

Scout left Greenville July 26 with 50 men; marched 30 miles and encamped on Castor River; there obtaining information of the whereabouts of the enemy, I followed down Castor River to Daniel Bollinger's Mill, at which place I was re-enforced by Captain Hagan, from Fredericktown, with 30 men, and traveling from there to William Cato's and encamping for the night, being re-enforced by Lieutenant G. W. Hummel, with 50 men.

Early in the morning our pickets were fired on by the enemy. The firing lasted some twenty minutes, when, the enemy disappearing and having received information, I turned toward Fredericktown, and traveling some 15 miles met the enemy in force, and after an engagement of thirty minutes routed the enemy, dispersing them in every direction, killing about 10 or 15 men and capturing 4 horses and 12 guns and 2 prisoners, and not losing a single man, and returning to Greenville this day, July 29.

LEVI E. WHYBARK,

Captain Company F, Missouri State Militia.

Mal. B. F. LAZEAR, Commanding Post.

JULY 27, 1862.- Skirmish at Bayou Bernard, near Fort Gibson, Ind. T.

Reports of Major William A. Phillips, First Indian Home Guard (Kansas).

CAMP NEAR BATTLE-FIELD,

Bayou Bernard, Tahlequah and Gibson Road, July 27, 1862 - night.

DEAR SIR: I have to inform you that we have had an engagement with the enemy. I had proceeded some 40 miles by forced and night marches to Tahlequah and Park Hill, and sent forward my command in three lines along tree roads, verging to a fork or cross-road in the Bayou Bernard 7 miles from Fort Gibson. Lieutenant Haneway led advance on the right, Lieutenants Robb, Howard, Blunt, and Phillips the center from Tahlequah, and I the left or southeastern from Park Hill. At the junction of the road the enemy, coming up toward Park Hill, ran into Lieutenant Haneway's command, and that officer, after checking them with the fire of his men, fell back on the Park Hill road. The enemy, pushing forward, fell into the center, and after a brief fight were utterly routed, and fled precipitately in great confusion to Gibson.

We have one man severely wounded - private in Captain Downing's company (F).

We have found 32 dead bodies of the enemy on the field in the prairie and there was probably a number more in the woods. We took 25 prisoners, and would have taken them all if they had not been mounted on fresh horses. Among the enemy's killed is Lieutenant-

