
Colonel Taylor, of Stand Watie's regiment. The enemy's loss in killed, wounded, and missing cannot be much short of 100 men.

As the reports of the enemy's force are vague, I have sent an order to Major Foreman to remain in our old camp until I join it with my command, as under the circumstances I deem it better to have the whole command united. Our presence just at the moment was very fortunate, and probably saved Park Hill. If we move in force with the artillery on the west side of the river we can hold the line of the Arkansas, as they now think these woods are full of our troops.

From the prisoners I learn that a heavy scout - 330 men - went up the river road (in timber) between us and Grand River to Bryant's Lick and returned in great confusion, having heard of my force. My scouts brought me intelligence of them yesterday and tried to take them, but they were too fast for us. From papers found on Colonel Taylor's body they described our camp at Horse Creek, overtaking our force.

We are, unfortunately, out of provisions. I had ordered the men to have five days' rations yesterday, but they did not have them. This evening I had to issue 6 of my 9 boxes of heard bread and to-night issue the last I have. We can live until the day after to-morrow. As I do not wish to fall back for provisions, and as we have important work to do which we can do, please send us own two or three loads of rations for the force from the different regiments. We have plenty of beef. Send it down on the road to the old camp on Grand River, with 100 men to guard it. We will be near our old camp or have a force there to-morrow night.

I must notice the good conduct of some of the officers. Captain Fall Leaf behaved admirably. Lieutenant Haneway behaved very coolly in a rather critical position, while Lieutenants Howard, Robb, and Blunt drew up their men in good style and behaved well. Lieutenant Phillips, who had the advance center, was shot at a dozen times while trying to keep the advance from falling back.

I was very much pleased with the conduct of the whole Indian force. The only difficulty was in restraining their impetuous charge and in keeping back a reserve and guard for the wagons.

I learn not only from the prisoners, but from other sources, that they have 14 soldiers of my regiment prisoners at Fort Davis. They were the men who went after the Osage deserters. A scout of 125 men was above us on the Verdigris while we encamped there and took these men and one of the Osages. They have 2 white soldiers; I do not know from what command.

Please furnish me the supplies and a little more ammunition. I can hold the line of the Arkansas, and shall not fall back until I drive the last secesh across it unless forced back by a very heavy force or your orders.

I had not time to close my diplomatic business at Tahlequah. The people there feel well-grounded apprehensions, and unless I can hold the Arkansas line they are doomed to frightful misery. The enemy was pouring in his forces to overrun and destroy, when our rapid advance checked and appalled him. Help us to keep it up.

Very truly,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Major First Regiment Indian Home Guard, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel FURNAS,

Commanding Indian Brigade.

