
JULY 28-31, 1862.- Scout in Pettis County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Charles Finely, Sixth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

CAMP TOTTEN,

Near Sedalia, Mo., July 31, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that at noon the 28th instant, pursuant to orders, I left camp, and proceeded in a southwesterly direction about 15 or 20 miles, and remained and scouted in that neighborhood until to-day, when I returned to camp. While scouting in this neighborhood found that a great many had taken to the brush since the late order was issued; would occasionally get a chase after them, and while doing so killed a certain --- Givens, notorious secessionists, who had taken to the brush; fired upon two others, and pressed them so close as to make them leave their horses, which I captured, brought in, and turned over to the quartermaster, together with a number of guns taken from rebels; also brought in 2 rebel prisoners, who are now in proper custody, for your investigation.

The portion of country in which I was greatly excited about the late order (Numbers 19), and I was informed a considerable number had left their homes with the intention to again in some way resist its execution.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES FINLEY,

Second Lieutenant Company F.

Colonel E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Commanding Post, Sedalia, Mo.

JULY 28-31, 1862.- Expedition from Helena to old Town and Trenton, Ark.

Report of Colonel Robert J. Rombauer, First Missouri Infantry (U. S. R. C.).
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp Breech Grove, Ark., July 31, 1862.

COLONEL: I respectfully report that I have returned this morning at 1 o'clock to Camp Beech Grove. I marched my command - consisting of 507 cavalry and two mountain howitzers - by orders of Major General S. R. Curtis, on the 28th, at 1 p. m., to Old Town; met scouts of the major-general commanding, informing me that 300 Texans had passed them on the Clarendon and Helena road, and that 2,000 were right behind on a point 25 to 30 miles distant from Helena, on the Clarendon road.

Reached Old Town at 9.30 p. m. Colonel Hovey was not attacked; knew nothing of the enemy. Encamped at Old Town. Lost one man, of the Fifth Kansas, a log rolling over his head while sleeping.

Started at 6 a. m.; marched to Johnson's farm; left the Old Town road and followed a path over to Trenton. This path can be made practicable even for large bodies of troops with five days' work of a pioneer company. At present it is blocked with logs, briers, and cuts of swamps.

Arrived at Trenton at 4 p. m. Caught one secessionist armed with shot-gun and saber and mounted.

