
At 5 p. m. Colonel Vandever's column reached Trenton and I reported my command to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT J. ROMBAUER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division, Army of the South.

JULY 29-AUGUST 2, 1862.- Operations in Saline County, Mo.

Report of Captain George W. Murphy, Sixth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

CAMP GOTTEN, August 3, 1862.

COLONEL: Agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 17, dated Sedalia, July 29, 1862, I proceeded, in command of a detachment of the Sixth Regiment of Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, to scour the country along the Blackwater, in Saline County, Missouri.

I would respectfully report that we struck the Blackwater at Marshall Bridge, and scoured the country throughout to Arrow Rock. From thence we proceeded along the Missouri River bottom as far as Waverly, completely cleaning the brush of all the guerrillas as we passed. We routed several bands, driving them across the river at Various points. Coming close upon a band, which crossed near Saline City, part of my command crossed in chase, wounding 1 and taking 8 prisoners, 1 horse, and some guns. The prisoners were by me turned over to Major McGhee, at Marshal. There are quite a number who have taken to the brush since recent order, and are trying to make their way to Poindexter, on the north side of the Missouri River, and some others trying to get South. I returned last evening, with command in good spirits. without a single accident. The rebels seem to fear our rifles.

I am, sir, your very respectfully and obedient servant,

GEO. W. MURPHY,

Captain, Sixth Regiment Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

JULY 30, 1862.- Skirmish at Clark's Mill, Chariton County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander m. Woolfolk, First Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

LACLEDE, MO., August 2, 1862.

GENERAL: On Monday night, the 28th instant, and express came to me from Major Mullins, at Brunswick, requesting immediate re-enforcements, as he was creditably informed that a force of 400 guerrillas would attack his camp that night or in the morning. General Price, now on parole in Chariton County, had given the information. I immediately started with the fragment of two companies now at this station, calling on the recently organized militia to guard the post in my absence.

After marching all night we reached Brunswick at sunrise and found camp undisturbed, but hourly expecting an attack. I immediately sent out scouts in all directions, who returned with information that a guerrilla force was encamped east of Chariton River, about 3 miles from

13 R R - VOL XIII

