
Keetsville. I at once started in pursuit with 212 men, consisting of Captain Wilkerson's company (F), a fragment of Company K, and detachment of Companies C and D, under command of Lieutenants Couch and Wyckoff, and 60 militia, recently organized, under the command of Captain Moberly.

We crossed the Chariton and marched some 15 miles up the river in pursuit of the enemy, and about dusk on Wednesday evening our advance guard met their advance near Clark's Mill, in Chariton County. I was informed that they were 80 strong, and they were just emerging from the forest lining the banks of the Chariton when we met them. They fired a volley upon us, and then a portion of them dashed into the prairie, while the remainder fell back into the forest. Our men immediately pursued them, firing a volley upon the fleeing foe. Major Mullins, with 60 men, had been sent by me across the country for the purpose of intercepting their retreat, and the guerrillas upon the prairie found themselves completely headed off in their attempt to escape. Many of them endeavored to effect their escape into the forest, and some succeeded. My orders were to show no quarters, and it being too late to fire with any accuracy, my men closed in upon them and shot them down with their revolvers. All the while concealed assassins were firing heavily on us from the forest, but their shot whistled harmlessly over our heads.

When we had dispersed and slaughtered all we could find upon the prairie it was 11 o'clock at night, and so dark that we could not distinguished friends from enemies. On this account I regard it as too hazardous to plunge my men into the thick forest on the Chariton, and I was satisfied, too, that we could not find the enemy, concealed and scattered as they were. Our men had eaten nothing since breakfast, and I had to march the, 5 miles to obtain forage and provisions.

We left 8 of the enemy dead upon the field, and wounded several, who escaped. We captured 2 of the horses of the men slain and killed and wounded 2 others.

Fortunately none of my men were injured, although balls pierced the hats and clothing of several.

I required the neighboring rebels to bury their dead, and pursued our march the next morning, but without meeting any other parties of guerrillas. I think we have given them a tremendous fright in the vicinity of East Chariton, as they all fled from that locality. An hour's daylight would have enabled us to capture the entire company.

All my men and officers behaved gallantly.

I returned here yesterday evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. M. WOOLFOLK,

Lieutenant-Colonel First [Mo. S. M.] Cavalry.

Brigadier-General LOAN, Missouri State Militia.

AUGUST 1, 1862.- Skirmish at Grand River, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Thomas Doyle, First Missouri Cavalry (Militia).
HEADQUARTERS,Breckinridge, August 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the result of my expedition to Carroll County. In pursuance of your orders I left this post on the 30th

