
of July for Carrollton, Carroll County, with 75 men, and on my arrival within 5 miles of Carrollton I found the enemy, 400 strong, at that place. I captured one of their supposed pickets, 3 in number, and deemed it proper to fall back 10 miles.

The evening of the 31st I got re-enforced by 70 State troops and advanced on in the morning. On arriving there I found the place vacated by the enemy, and met Major Biggers, of the Fifth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, with 200 troops, and we pursued the enemy to Grand River, a distance of 25 miles, where we dispersed them, capturing all their baggage-wagons and supplies and a large amount of arms and ammunition, and some horses and saddles, which they were compelled to abandon. We also recovered 3 prisoners, which they had taken in the various skirmishes of the day. We killed 30 of them, and this morning we came across some 12 of them and killed 6. The enemy was 400 strong; that of ours only 350. We completely routed them, scattering them all over the country, and I think it is impossible for them to reorganize again.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS DOYLE,

First Lieutenant and Battalion Adjutant First Cavalry, Mo. S. M.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN.

AUGUST 1-4, 1862.- Skirmishes at Ozark and on White River, near Forsyth, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel Myron S. Barnes, thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Captain Milton Burch, Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 3.- Colonel Robert R. Lawther, Missouri Partisan Rangers (Confederate).

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Myron S. Barnes, Thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES AT OZARK,August 5, 1862.

GENERAL: The force I sent out to Forsyth to reconnoiter the country in the vicinity of White River has returned. They came upon the enemy, about 100 strong, 5 miles below Forsyth, on White River, attacking and completely routing him, with the loss of 3 killed and several wounded and all his baggage. Our loss was 2 wounded, 1 severely. We took 25 horses, some 20 guns of all descriptions, a large quantity of second-hand clothing, saddles, bridles, &amp;c. The saddles and clothing were destroyed, and there were no means of bringing them away. The command was under Captain Burch, of Company H. Fourteenth Missouri State Militia, who is entitled to much credit for the manner in which he made the attack and the successful issue. There was also taken at the same time the sword of the rebel Colonel Lawther, who is supposed to have been in command. Their whole mail was taken, which I forward to you. Among the letter there may be some that will give the rebels' future intentions.

The troops in going out encountered the notorious rebel and horse-

