
thief Robert Wisener, whose name has become a terror to all the country about for his crimes upon Union men. He was killed before being taken. The country is rid of one bad man.

I am satisfied that there is no rebel force in that direction that need give any alarm. This one attacked and routed appears to be the only one in the neighborhood, and they will not be likely to give us any more trouble for the present. We have information for a distance of 50 miles beyond the White River, and it is all clear.

My five days having expired, my rations used up, and there being no longer need of my services here, I shall return to Springfield to-morrow morning. Our force here is sufficient to hold the post against any force the enemy may have to bring against it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. S. BARNES,

Colonel, Commanding.

General E. B. BROWN, Springfield, Ill.,

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Milton Burch, Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

CAMP BROWN, Ozark, Mo., August 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of reporting to you, for the information of the commanding general, the particulars of the two battles fought by the men under my command - that of Ozark, on the morning of the 1st, and that of Forsyth, on the morning of the 4th instant.

On the 23rd ultimo I was left by Major Wilber in command of the post. About 80 men fit for action were left under my command. These were parts of Companies D, F, G, and H, of the Fourteenth Regiment of Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

About 5 o'clock on the evening of the 30th a Union citizen arrived in camp, bringing the information that a body of the enemy w as on the Bull, approaching this place. He did not know their number, having seen only 12. He described some of the men as having red blankets, and this led me to the conclusion that the party might be some of our own scouts. I determined, however, to ascertain the fact, and for that purpose sent James Keithley, a man of tried courage and skill, disguised as a citizen, and accompanied by a man well acquainted with the country and the resorts of the enemy.

At about 1 o'clock at night two citizens came in, bringing the intelligence that the enemy was advancing upon us from the direction of Forsyth. Half an hour later Keithley came in, bringing the same intelligence, and adding that the enemy was taking Union citizens prisoners as he approached. Keithley had been for a time cut off, having gotten behind the enemy. As soon as he came in I called the men to arms. The horses had been saddled in the evening and the men instructed to sleep with their arms in their hands. All turned out promptly and in good order. Captain Robertson, though on the sick report, took command of Company F. Lieutenant John R. Kelso, the provost-marshal, was put in command of Company H. Companies G and D were respectively under the command of Lieutenant Etter, the quartermaster, and Lieutenant Mooney. Lieutenant Allison, of Company G, was officer of the day. The men were ordered to fall into line upon their horses. After they were properly numbered off and divided into

