
August 2-3, 1862.-Skirmishes at Jonesborough and L'Anguille Ferry, Ark.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, of skirmish at L'Anguille Ferry.

Numbers 2.-Major Henry S. Eggleston, First Wisconsin Cavalry, of skirmishes at Jonesborough and L'Anguille Ferry, Ark.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, of skirmish at L'Anguille Ferry.

MARIANNA, ARK., August 4, 1862.

GENERAL: A detachment of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanded by Major H. S. Eggleston, was attacked near the ferry, on the L'Anguille River, about 8 miles from this place, by Colonel Parsons' Texan Rangers, 600 strong, about daylight yesterday (3rd instant).

The great disparity in numbers made resistance almost useless. Eleven of our men were killed, 33 wounded, and about 30 taken prisoners, and the remainder escaped to the woods. They are coming in hourly. The enemy carried away all but 5 of their dead and 2 wounded in wagons. The rebels burned all but the lighter wagons and ambulances and retreated rapidly toward Clarendon, where one of their wounded reports two other detachments of similar strength.

The news of the attack was brought by a negro belonging to the train at 9.40 a. m. Major Torrey and myself, with 200 men, marched as rapidly as possible to the pint by a ford 8 miles above the ferry, hoping to surprise the enemy at the scene of action, but found that, after burning the wagons, he had made a very rapid retreat. Considerable stock, of which a portion was previously captured from the enemy, fell into his hands. The regimental desk and many papers were lost. It will be difficult to make a full report, which shall, however, be done at the earliest possible moment.

We have no hospital stores, and our wounded are suffering greatly.

Shall I send them per steamer to Helena?

Re-enforcements of cavalry arrived about 2 o'clock this morning. Please send orders.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Major-General CURTIS, Commanding Army of the Southwest.

P. S.-We move with our whole force at 2 p. m. to-day int he direction of Clarendon.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Henry S. Eggleston, First Wisconsin Cavalry, of skirmishes at Jonesborough and L'Anguille Ferry, Ark.

HELENA, ARK., August 9, 1862.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 16th ultimo the First and Third

---------------

*See also Hindman's report, p. 37.

---------------

