
determined courage was ore strikingly exhibited than upon this occasion.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY S. EGGLESTON,

Major Second Battalion First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. LA GRANGE,

Commanding First Wisconsin Cavalry.

P. S.-I had forgotten to mention the probable loss sustained by the enemy at L'Anguille Ferry. One of our boys, John R. Truax, of Company F, who was taken prisoner, and afterward released on account of sickness, says he saw 11 dead bodies loaded into one wagon, besides 4 that were carried to a corn field near by and buried there. We also hear of others that were buried in different parts of the field. The number killed will not fall much, if any, short of 25. the number wounded, in proportion to the killed, will not be as large as with us, as our boys were all armed with Belgian rifles and Springfield muskets, and a much larger proportion of our shots would prove fatal, as all our arms carried a heavy ball. The enemy were mostly armed with double-barreled shot-guns, loaded with buck-shot.

AUGUST 2, 1862.-Skirmish near Totten's Plantation, Coahoma County, Miss.

Report of Colonel Charles E. Hovey, Thirty-third Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Wilkinson's Landing, Mo., August 3, 1862.

MAJOR: Hearing that a regiment of cavalry was at or back of this point, about 10 miles below my camp, I came down with a force of infantry and cavalry, proceeded some 10 miles into the country, and fell in with four companies of what the rebels call Bolivar County Troops, and dispersed them without loss. They lost 2 killed and a large number wounded. The engagement was conducted on our side by Captain Whittlesey, of the Eleventh Wisconsin, and on theirs by a Major Grant.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,,

C. E. HOVEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major H. Z. CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 4-11, 1862.-Scout on Sinking Creek, Mo., and vicinity, and skirmish.

Report of Captain Thomas G. Black, Third Missouri Cavalry.

SALEM, MO., August 11, 1862.

DEAR SIR: We have returned this morning from a scout on Sinking Creek and vicinity, some 25 miles southeast of this place. On the morning of the 4th instant we surprised Barnes' camp, killed 4 and mortally wounded 1 of his men, and captured his private papers. We

