
have captured some 25 horses, 2 wagons, and other things (quantum sufficit). Barnes had gone to see Coleman. His men were mostly scattered through the country, stealing, &amp;c. We have done a work in this vicinity that will not need doing over again--turned up thunder generally. The rebels are going in squads of two or three on by-roads to Coleman. From all I can learn they are concentrating at or near West Plains, in Howell County. Twenty men can chase all the rebels that are in this county at this time. We will be off on another scout as soon as we can shoe our bare-foot horses. It will perhaps be two or three days.

Very respectfully,

T. G. BLACK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Third Missouri Cavalry.

Colonel J. M. GLOVER.

AUGUST 4-17, 1862.-Expedition from Helena to Clarendon, Ark.

Reports of Brigadier General Alvin P. Hovey, U. S. Army.

CLARENDON, ARK., August 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: We arrived at Clarendon last night about 10 o'clock, after four day's marching. On our second day's march we heard of a camp of Texas Rangers, who were said to be in a large thicket known as "Patterson's Deadning," about 2 miles south of "Uncle Billy Kendall's," in Phillips County&gt; We drove them that night from their supper at Mr. Norton's, and the next morning again from a house near the deadnings, where they had prepared their breakfast. We shelled the thicket, but without any effect. My impression is, that their number on this side of White River does not, al told, exceed 500, and I think they are scattered in band of from 50 to 100 in different neighborhoods. Rumors estimate them from 500 to 1,200. It is said a part have gone up the Memphis road toward L'Anguille. This morning our boys swam the river to the opposite side; after bathing some time were fired upon by rebels concealed in the brush. We immediately covered them with a fire from our batteries, and they swam safely back to this shore. Their fire was fro shot-guns. The people here all regard Hindman, with his forces, as being at Little Rock and badly armed; some say he has 15,000, and others that his real number does not exceed 4,000 or 5,000, but that he expects 18,000 from Texas under a brother of Ben. McCulloch. I am now building rafts and preparing a boat to cross, and will place 400 or 500 men on the other side to prevent any surprise. Nearly all the male inhabitants here have taken the oath of allegiance, and think that we could at this time easily take Little Rock. I should like to make the expedition very much, and would with one more brigade feel perfectly confident of success.

Can you not send me General Benton or Colonel Hovey's brigade, with provisions, &c., up White River? We have on hand at this time eight days' rations, are grinding corn at the mill, and have sent for beef. We could make our present supplies with green corn and other vegetables last twenty days.

I await command for future action.

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain PADDOCK, Assistant Adjutant-General.

