HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Helena, Ark., August 17, 1862.

In pursuance of the verbal orders received from Brigadier-General Steele on the 4th instant, I proceeded with the Fourth Division to make a demonstration in the direction of Little Rock.

On our third day;'s march on the Clarendon road,in the neighborhood of Uncle Billy Kendall's, we heard of a camp of Texas Rangers. I immediately surrounded their camp, which was in a dense thicket . We shelled them out, and they made their escape, leaving a part of their food and cooking utensils.

On the evening of the 7th we arrived at Clarendon, and found the enemy's pickets on the other side of White River. We resorted to shell again, which had the desired effect of driving them back from the banks of the river. We remained at Clarendon until the 13th instant, during which time several expeditions were sent our under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, of the First Indian Cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Wiley, of Fifth Illinois Calvary; Major Seley, Fifth Illinois Cavalry, and Major Walker, Fifth Kansas Cavalry, which elicited the facts heretofore reported. An expedition was also sent across the river, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Barter, which remained on the west side of White River during our stay at Clarendon. The effect of these several expeditions was to cause the enemy to evacuate Des Arc and Cotton Plant, and move rapidly in the direction of Little Rock.

I regret to state loss of 3 men killed and 2 wounded by guerrillas during our stay. Christian Birkle, Company I, Twenty-fourth Indiana, was drowned while bathing in White river. My command returned to camp to-day in fine health and spirits.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

Major CURTIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 5-9, 1862.-Skirmishes near Cravensville; at Panther Creek; at Walnut Creek, and at Sears' Ford, on the Chariton River, Mo.

Report of Colonel James McFerran, First Missouri Cavalry (Militia).
HEADQUARTERS,Breckenridge, Mo., August 16, 1862.

I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant 14 men of the First Regiment of Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, under Lieutenant Goodbrake, and 21 militia, under Captain Vickers, m am,king in all 35 men, near Cravensville, in Daviess County, Mo., were fired upon from the brush by 85 guerrillas, under Davis and Kirk. The engagement lasted for about an hour and a half, and resulted in the defeat of the guerrillas, with a loss of 6 killed and 10 wounded, 15 horses, and 10 guns. We had 3 severely and 2 slightly, wounded. Our wounded are all doing well and will recover.

On the 6th a notorious guerrilla and outlaw named Wicklin was shot, and on the 7th a notorious guerrilla named Daniel Hale was also shot by our troops int he forks of Grand River. The guerrillas in the

