
forks of Grand River were scattered in all directions by troops from this post. On the 9th [8th] Lieutenant-Colonel Woolfolk, with about 400 men, attacked Porter';s band, of about 1,500 men, on Panther Creek, near where the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad crosses the Chariton River, and after an engagement of six hours night put a stop to the conflict. In this engagement it is reported that Porter lost 20 killed and 50 wounded, and Lieutenant-Colonel Woolfolk will make a detailed report of this engagement to your headquarters.

On the might of the 9th [8th] I joined Lieutenant-Colonel Woolfolk, with 130 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, of the fifth cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and two 6-pounders, under Lieutenant Caldwell, and 30 men of the First Regiment of Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. Early int eh evening, after the engagement, Porter began his retreat north along the Chariton&gt; Our men were on the march about 2 o'clock the next morning in hot pursuit, and came up with Porter's rear at Walnut Creek, where they had prepared an ambuscade for our reception. A few rounds of canister put them to flight and we continued in pursuit. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon we came up to his rear guard, at Sears' Ford, i[the Chariton River, where an engagement took lace, in which we had 1 killed and 10 wounded of the First Regiment of Cavalry; 7 of the First Infantry, and 3 of the Fifth Regiment of Cavalry, all Missouri State Militia, among them Captain Peery, of the First Regiment, and Sergeant-Major Linville, of the Fifth.

Porter's loss is unknown, but must have ben considerable. One we know was mortally wounded, and an eye-witness represented the ground they occupied as bloody, and indicated that many had been killed or wounded in the fight and removed.

We turned back from the Chariton, not being able to get our artillery and ammunition over the river, and, our men being exhausted, we reached Laclede o the night of the 12th instant, and ont he next morning joined General Loan and began the pursuit of Poindexter.

all officers and men constituting my command behaved with great gallantry and energy, and it would be invidious, if not impossible, to discriminate where al did their whole duty so nobly.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Cavalry, Mo. S. M.

Major JAMES RAINSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Joseph, Mo.

AUGUST 5-8, 1862.-Expedition from Helena to mouth of White River, Ark.

Report of Colonel Isaac F. Shepard, Third Missouri Infantry.

HELENA, ARK., August 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you an execution of an order received the 5th instant to proceed on an expedition down the river.

After reporting for instructions, as directed, to the "flag-officer" pro tem., Captain Phelps, of the gunboat Benton, I went on board the steamer Iatan, with five companies of my regiment, while Lieutenant-

