
post, where I arrived on the 8th instant. Twenty colored men, some of whom we had used as guides, teamsters, &amp;c,. and a portion of whom had without employment followed in our rear, marched after us into Kansas.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Kansas Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain J. M. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

AUGUST 7, 1862.-Skirmish near Montevallo, Mo.

Report of Colonel Clark Wright, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP SCHOFIELD,Near Springfield, Mo., August 9, 1862.

GENERAL: After addressing my letter of the 5th instant to you I made application to the general to allow me to send out a part of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, under Major Montgomery, to cut Coffee off, and it was granted; also some 150 Missouri State Militia was added to the command, and the major instructed to file in all citizens who had guns, and engage the rebels if possible.

On the evening of the 8th a dispatch from him informed me that he succeeded in turning the enemy's rear, and on the 7th engaged one of his camps, killing 18, wounding 4, that were found, and capturing 17 prisoners, and 7 unaccounted for, except by General Orders, Numbers 18. He says that Coffee's force is divided; that the one engaged was near Montevallo, the other near or at Osceola, and that the combined forces numbered about 900 men. When the messenger left him the major was at Stockton, pressing on the engage the force at Osceola. Our loss, none; few slightly wounded. I have sent a full squadron to join him, and feel in hopes we have the old rebel in a tight place. Scouts report the forces south and east about the same, except the citizens, who have joined them to escape the militia law.

An old neighbor of mine (a very reliable man) arrived in my camp last night direct from Texas, and confirms previous reports. He says the Texans in large numbers are coming to Missouri, armed with all kinds of citizens' arms, and a great majority of them without discipline.

September 10 is the time set by the rebels to make the invasion and take formal possession of this post and its surroundings. The rebels through the country are highly elated with the idea, and think they will soon be surrounded by their friends; but if we commit no blunders we will amuse them some while they are accomplishing their object. I am satisfied they will make a desperate effort to compel you either to concentrate your forces on the southern border, by vacating Saint Louis or Central Missouri, or to withdraw your forces from this division. The necessity in either case, it appears to me, would be unfortunate. This seems to be a part of their general plan; hence the necessity of actively, energetically, and thoroughly organizing the militia in the Southwest, as well as to fill up the volunteer regiments with dispatch, and carefully avoid giving them any advantage. I feel a degree

