
of confidence in our ability to do so, and trust to the God of Battles and our sabers for victory.

I am, general, with very high respect, your obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding Forces, Missouri.

P. S.-Since writing the above I have received a dispatch from Major Montgomery. He came near a rebel camp, 4 miles north of Stockton, in a strong position, with about 1,500 troops, and not having confidence in the citizens and militia with him in a well-contested fight, he prudently fell back to Greenfield, and asks re-enforcements. The general has re-enforced him with men and artillery, and we may expect to hear of a fight soon.

AUGUST 7-9, 1862.-Scout from Ozark to Forsyth, Mo., and skirmishes.

Report of Major John C. Wilber, Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).
HEADQUARTERS, POST OF OZARK,August 10, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report, for the information of the general commanding, of a scout made by me from the 7th to the 9th of August, 1862:

On August 7, at 6 a. m., I took up the line of march in the direction of Forsyth, with detachments from all the companies of the Second Battalion, Fourteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, amounting to 100 men. We marched to within 7 miles of Forsyth, and encamped on the Swan Creek, at Cook's place, a well-known secesh.

I was informed from various sources that there was a strong force of the enemy beyond Forsyth, under Coleman, and that McBride was not far distant, with 600 men and two pieces of artillery. I took every precaution against a surprise by sending out patrols and stationing pickets. I then sent forward a spy to get definite information of the enemy's forces and report to me at Forsyth in the morning.

About 8 o'clock in the evening our camp was alarmed by firing in the direction of the pickets. My command was in the saddle and my line formed in a very short time. I sent forward an officer and a squad of men to reconnoiter and report the cause of the firing. The officers reported that the firing was occasioned by some 10 men approaching the pickets on horseback, who in reply to the challenge answered that they were "Southerners."

I think that Cook's is a rendezvous for bushwhackers, as there was a large lot of cakes and pies prepared for some one besides the family, which my command relished finely. I found one Colt's revolver in his possession, which I took, and 3 horses, which we required for our immediate use. I did not arrest him, although there were some grave charges against him.

As my command was small, and the enemy reported strong, at 2 p. m. I ordered out patrols in all directions, who were out till broad daylight, but heard of no enemy.

We proceeded on our march toward Forsyth at 6 a. m., cautiously feeling our way,and arrived there about 8 o'clock, and waited for our spy to report. He soon joined us, and reported he had been 10 miles south, and had found no enemy, nor heard of any, within striking did-

