
AUGUST 8-15, 1862.-Pursuit of Poindexter in Missouri and skirmishes at Switzler's Mill; at Little Compton, or Compton's Ferry, on Grand River; and on Yellow Creek, or the Muscle Fork of the Chariton River.

Report of Colonel Odon Guitar, Ninth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).*

LACLEDE, MO., August 15, 1862.

I have pursued Poindexter 250 miles in seven days and came up with and attacked him three times, viz, at Switzler's Mill, at Little Compton, and on the Muscle Fork of the Chariton. My last chase was from this point, when I followed him under spur and lash for 25 miles, making the distance in less than four hours. He checked my pursuit by destroying the bridge over the Muscle Fork. His band numbered from 1,500 to 2,000 when I started in pursuit. When I left him he had only about 400, with few arms and no ammunition. All of the latter I captured at Little Compton, with several hundred guns and horses, all his wagons, a large amount of clothing, and other plunder.

In the round I have killed, wounded, and drowned 150 of his men and taken about 100 prisoners. Our loss has been 5 men wounded and some 10 horses shot. I was unable to bring away a great part of the horses and plunder captured at Little Compton; besides, the condition of the greater part of them was such as to render them worthless.

I have killed and worn down the greater part of my horses, and will move east, with a view to concentrate my regiment, which is now scattered over the while of Northern and Southern Missouri.

The little band of 550 men I have had with me have proved themselves worthy of the holy cause in which they are engaged, and for bravery and endurance have challenged even the admiration of our enemies. When opportunity offers I shall make such a report as will do them justice.

My force consisted of Companies C and D; detachments E, F, G, and H, of my own regiment; 100 of Merrill's Horse, under Major Hunt; Company D, Thirteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, 70 men, under Captain Ward; 70 men of the Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, under Captain Turley, and a section of Captain Wachsman's light artillery, Missouri State Militia. In all about 550 men.

O. GUITAR,

Colonel, Commanding.

General SCHOFIELD.

AUGUST 11, 1862.-Action at and surrender of Independence, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General James Totten.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel James T. Buel, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Captain Jacob Axline, Second Battalion Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General James Totten.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DIVISION OF MISSOURI,Jefferson City, August 13, 1862.

COLONEL: Below are telegrams relative to the capture of Independence, received at this office on the 12th:

---------------

*See also Schofield's report, p. 13.

---------------

15 R R-VOL XIII

