
forces entered the town at two points, viz, by the Big Spring road and the Harrisonville road. The party entering by the Big Spring road divided into two parties, one of which attacked the provost guard, of 24 men, stationed at the jail; the other attacking the bank building, which was occupied as headquarters; also the armory of the Volunteer Militia, situated ont he opposite side of the street, guarded by a detachment of 21 men, 16 of this number being Volunteer Militia. The main boyd, entering by the Harrisonville orad, proceeded along the two streets leading to the camp, which was situated nearly 80 rods from the bank building, attacking the camp on the east and north sides, and thus cutting me off from all communication with the camp. The first attack was made upon that part of the camp held by the company of Captain Thomas, Second Battalion Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. This company, not being able to maintain its ground and being hard pressed, fell back to the cover of a stone wall running parallel with the south side of the camp. The remaining companies, which were posted to the right and rear of this company, fell back to the same position, when, being enfiladed by a destructive fire, they retired along the stone wall, thus avoiding a galling flank fire from the enemy posted in a corn field. At this critical moment Lieutenant Herington, of the Second Battalion Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, was detached, with 65 men, to open, if possible, a communication with headquarters. Advancing northward, he was attacked by a superior force, which compelled him to seek the cover of a brick house, where he defended himself in a most gallant manner until he was apprised that further defense was useless, when he withdrew his command to Kansas City. While Lieutenant Herington was performing this gallant action Captain Breckinridge, Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, senior office in the camp, tearing a piece of his shirt, raised it as a token of surrender. It was immediately pulled down by the men of his command. He persisted in doing this a number of times. From Lieutenant Meryhew, provost-marshal, I learned that he, concluding that the bank building and camp had been captured and that our forces were retreating from the town, withdrew from the rear of the jail into the woods, making his retreat to Kansas City.

At 7 a. m. I concluded, from the fact that firing around the jail had ceased, that the provost guard had been captured. However, expecting the arrival of Major Linder I had resolved to hold our as long as possible. The rebels having gained possession of a brick house commanding the bank building kept up an incessant fire on it until nearly 9 a.m. Having taken an officer prisoner, I learned from him that the troops were commanded by Colonel G. W. Thompson, who had succeeded to the command, Colonel Hughes being killed. The house adjoining the bank building having been set on fire, which in a few minutes would extend to the building of which I had possession, I communicated with Colonel Thompson by means of a flag of truce, asking an interview. At the interview which took place the following terms of capitulation were agreed upon, viz: The officers and men of my command were to be considered prisoners of war, the property and persons of the Union citizens to be respected; which terms were fully carried out by the rebel authorities.

My command on the morning of the 11th consisted of 312 effective men. the pickets on the Big Spring road were fond dead. The pickets on the Harrisonville road are missing. Numbers of the men escaped in small parties thus leaving the number paroled about 150

