
men. I had no opportunity of getting the exact number, as numbers of them, as soon as paroled, left for Kansas.

Considering the conduct of Captain Breckinridge, above mentioned, as deserting of punishment, I ordered him under arrest, and he is now as such at Benton Barracks.

Captain Cochran, Second Battalion Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, also acted in a cowardly manner, having hid himself in a cellar early in the action. I intended placing him under arrest also, but he left for Kansas.

The number killed and those who have since died of their wounds number 26. The wounded number 30, comprising First Lieutenant Vance and Second Lieutenant Pence, both of the Seventh Missouri Cavalry, who conducted themselves in a most gallant manner. Second Lieutenant Young and Second Lieutenant Swan also behaved gallantly.

The loss of the enemy could not be ascertained, as early in the action they commenced carrying off their dead into the country. From authentic sources I learned that Colonel Hughes, Captain Clark, and the notorious Kit Chiles were buried at Independence. Among the wounded of the enemy were Colonel Thompson, Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd (fatally), and Major Wortle.

Respectfully submitted.

J. T. BUEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Adjutant-General, Missouri State Militia.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Jacob Axline, Second Battalion Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

SAINT LOUIS, August 26, 1862.

On Sunday, August 10, I received an order from Captain Loring, commanding post at Kansas City, to move immediately with my command, without baggage, to Independence, and report to Lieutenant-Colonel Buel, of that post.

I took with me my second lieutenant, Goss, and 63 men, non-commissioned officers and privates, and arrived at Independence a little after dark, and reported in person with my command to Colonel Buel, and was ordered by him to place my men on the south side of the camp ground. We tied our horses to the rail fence and slept behind them ont eh open ground. We were permitted to remain quiet during the night, but were aroused at daylight by firing, which commenced first near Colonel Buel's headquarters, distant about three-quarters of a mile from the camp. In the course of two or three minutes a very heavy and destructive fire was opened by the enemy on the north side of the camp and was returned with great spirit by the men as they emerged form their tents. I immediately formed my men on the first alarm and ordered them to advance toward the north of the camp and started, but was immediately assailed by a heavy fire from the east and another from the southeast; and seeing the men retreating very rapidly from the ground to the northwest corner and taking shelter behind a rock fence and many of them passing west

