
along the fence out of the range of the enemy's guns, I ordered my men to direct their fire on the force on the east and southeast and gain the rock fence. The move was made with great firmness under a very destructive fire, which was returned with steadiness. The enemy was repulsed and we gained the position. In this charge we sustained a loss of 6 killed and 8 or 10 wounded.

Being still exposed to a steady fire from a concealed enemy in front and rear, we moved down the fence to the southwest corner of the camp ground. Here the rock fence crossed a gutter form 3 to 4 feet deep, where I posted my men, with some others who had rallied to us, and, while this move was being executed, Lieutenant Herington, of Company E, Missouri State Militia, came to my assistance. From this position we could protect our front and flanks and cover three-fourths of the camp with our fire. Shortly after gaining our position it was told us that some distance west of us a white flag was hoisted on the rock fence. Lieutenant Herington hurried to the place. I left the men in charge of Sergeant Blake and followed Herington west to collect and bring up the men who had scattered in that direction. After proceeding some 400 yards I met Captain Breckinridge, with a white cloth tied to a gun-stick. he asked me if he should hoist it. I told him certainly not; that if he did it would be at his peril. I here discovered that a large number of men were collected at a house still farther west, distant more than half a mile from camp. It was arranged that Lieutenant Herington should go there and collect a force of 50 or 60 men and move up the street north of the camp. The move was successfully made. I at the same time sent out 20 men under a sergeant to clear the ground and corn patches on the south side of the rock fence, which was done, and I, with the balance of the men, returned to the southwest corner of the camp ground, where Blake still held his position, though badly wounded, and 1 man killed in the last charge made. As soon as I arrived there some of my men went on the camp ground and brought 2,000 rounds of cartridges and distributed them to the men and we had determined to move forward in three detachments to the public square and take the town, but just at this time I was told that a white flag was approaching, and was asked by some one if he should fire upon it. I ordered the men not to fire, and sent a messenger to meet it and report to me their errand. As my messenger returned 4 men came up to where my command was posted and unfurled a white flag. This flag was borne by two of the enemy, and was accompanied by Captain Breckinridge and Adjutant Preble. Adjutant Preble said he was ordered by Colonel Buel to notify me that he had surrendered and that I was to surrender. I replied that Colonel Buel was not in command, and that I would not surrender. Captain Breckinridge then ordered those of his men who were with me to lay down their arms, which they did. I was then assured that we were surrounded by a force 700 strong. I was left with less than 75 men, who were fatigued with near four hours' hard fighting, and our strength and position fully known to the enemy. I saw that we were thus completely placed in their power, without a hope of further success. I reluctantly consented to surrender, and ordered my men to do so, under promise that the private property of the officers and men should be respected.

We lost 7 in killed and 12 wounded and many others left the field with bullet-marks in their clothes. My men had fought bravely. They had paid for their horses and saddles. They had repulsed five different charges of the enemy. Not a horse of theirs had been taken by the

