
enemy, and many of the guns, that had told so truly on the rebels, were thus quickly turned over to them, and the guns that stopped the charge of Yager and Hughes are both in their possession, but eh owners who used them are here.

Colonel Buel was taken prisoner three-fourths of a mile from the camp at his office. I received no order form him during the day except the order to surrender. Captain Thomas, of Company E, Missouri State Militia, was taken prisoner at his family residence, about a mile from camp, and shot by the enemy. Captain Cochran, I am told, at the first fire took shelter in a private house, and remained there till the fight was over. Lieutenant Goss, of my company, slept int he house of Corporal Miller. They started for the camp. Miller was killed,and Goss succeeded in escaping, but could not reach his command.

Lieutenant Herington, when notified of Buel's surrender and receiving the order to do so himself, quietly left, and brought his men and arms to the city.

The enemy behaved themselves very orderly toward us fatter our surrender, for which they have my acknowledgments.

JACOB AXLINE,

Captain Company B, Second Batt. Cav., Mo. S. M.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD.

AUGUST 12, 1862.-Skirmish between Stockton, Cedar County, and Humansville, Mo.

Report of Major Samuel Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

STOCKTON, MO., August 12, 1862.

We followed Coffee to this place last night. He moved from Humansville toward Bolivar, but changed his course for this place in the night. The Sixth Missouri Cavalry proceeded in the direction of Bolivar. the artillery and Fourth Missouri Militia took the road for this place, came up with the enemy just at daylight, attacked and drove them handsomely, officers and en conducting themselves with the utmost coolness and courage. Major Dale, I regret to say, received a painful wound in the wrist while gallantly leading his men in the very face of the enemy. This was the only casualty on our side. The enemy lost 5 killed and a number wounded. The enemy is now flying in the direction of Montevallo, our cavalry in full pursuit.

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Major STEGER.

AUGUST 12, 1862.-Skirmish at Van Buren, Mo.

Report of Colonel Sempronius H. Boyd, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

GREENVILLE, MO., August 12, 1862.

COLONEL: I went to Van Buren, Carter County, and surprised 6 rebels, killing 2, capturing 3, and running the other one off; burned 1 mill and 3 houses (soldiers did this without orders); contrabanded

