
guide, and 2 soldiers, came in with 8 prisoners, whom they had captured 14 miles beyond, driving in beef cattle to the camp. From these and other sources I learned that the enemy, about 800 strong, was 18 miles east of Independence; that he was hourly expecting the arrival of additional re-enforcements from the south, and that it was the intention then, with their combined forces, to march upon and attack Lexington. The immediate object of the expedition (the protection of the border) being accomplished, and the enemy's forces, which were all mounted, being too far in advance to be overtaken by infantry and artillery, we marched back to Kansas City, bringing a few stand of arms, several horses, and such of the public stores (which the enemy had been unable to remove) as our limited transportation would permit. Soon after our arrival at Kansas City, on the morning of the 14th, I received orders to return immediately to this post. I accordingly left Major Ransom, with his command, to hold that city and protect the border and to remove from Independence the commissary stores and other public property still remaining at that place.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. M. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Kansas.

AUGUST 12-18, 1862.-Expedition from Camp Gamble, MO., in search of guerrillas.

Report of Colonel John B. Gray, First Missouri Infantry (Militia).

CAMP GAMBLE, August 14, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: For some ten or twelve days past past I have, in compliance with instructions and information from the provost-marshal-general, sent out various scouts through different sections of the country, say within a circuit of 15 or 16 miles from camp. They have been instructed to find and destroy any camp of rebels within their reach. Until this morning all efforts have been unsuccessful, although it was evident there were gatherings in various places of secesh for disloyal purposes.

Day before yesterday I sent out an expedition, consisting of about 40 cavalry and 60 infantry, upon different roads, under the command of Major Herder, of my regiment. His accompanying report will show what he did. Captain Lonergan, of Company D, of my regiment, was left behind with my assistant surgeon, Dr. Jones, and about 30 men. He succeeded in surprising the camp, of about 60 rebels, and driving them out of it, capturing some 40 horses, only 16 of which he finally succeeded in retaining and sending into the city.

Just previous to the skirmish my assistant surgeon became detached from the command, in company with two cavalrymen, and I fear has been taken prisoner, as nothing has been heard of him since he started to go and procure breakfast for the men. I have sent our Lieutenant Snell, of Schofield's Hussars, accompanied by Captain Lonergan, with 40 men, with instructions to go until they find him, and will delay the sending of this report until I hear from them.

