
AUGUST 18, 1862.

Lieutenant Schnell has returned, bringing the doctor and the two cavalrymen who were taken prisoners by the rebels, and also bringing in 49 prisoners, having after four days' chase succeeded in coming up with and bagging the whole command, except two or three of the leaders. I refer you to his accompanying report.* I embrace this opportunity to do justice to Lieutenant Schnell and the brave men under his command, in speaking in the highest terms of their perseverance and energy in following up and destroying this band of desperate and audacious scoundrels.

I have the honor to remain, lieutenant, your very obedient servant,

JOHN B. GRAY,

Colonel First Infantry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant H. A. GLEIM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Saint Louis Division.

AUGUST 14, 1862.-Skirmish near Barry, Mo.

Report of Colonel William R. Penick, Fifth Missouri Cavalry (Militia.)
HDQRS. FIFTH CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Liberty, Mo., August 15, 1862.

MAJOR: Having obtained information of a camp of 75 to 100 men at or near the house of Mrs. Elliott, near Linn Creek, on the edge of Platte County, about 3 miles south of Barry, I marched at 11 p.m. on the 13th, with about 50 men from Companies C and E, of my regiment; one piece of artillery from Captain Johnson's battery, and about 150 of the Andrew County Militia, under Colonel Heron and Lieutenant-Colonel Hobson, and arrived in the neighborhood of the camp about daylight. I had arrested a man about 2 miles this side of Barry, and took him along as guide to the expedition. I proceeded, with all the vigilance and caution it was possible to exercise, to attempt to surround the camp; but, the country being extremely rough and broken and densely wooded with underbrush, I failed in doing so. I dislodged them from their camp and completely scattered them. I was compelled to dismount my men to move them at all, and, having deployed them as skirmishers, scoured the country around the camp as far as it was practicable to do so.

I do not certainly know whether I killed any men in the fight or not, although my men insist that they killed at least 2 or 3. My loss was 2 killed and 7 wounded.

Finding farther pursuit unavailing, I called my men in and proceeded to deal with the inmates of Mrs. Elliott's house. Previous to attacking their camp I had found three men at the house, who denied having any knowledge of any camp or gathering of armed men within 3 miles of that place. After the skirmish was over I sent two of these men out, in charge of a squad of men, and had them shot. I then ordered my men to take from the house all the bedding and clothing for the benefit of my wounded men and of the Enrolled Militia and to burn it, together with the stables. I then sent out men and burned the houses of Thomas Hamilton and Arch. Elliott, who were in the camp. The time occupied in the whole affair was about two hours.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

