
that the stories about there being a force of rebels in the vicinity of the river are all false, and gotten up by a few men in the vicinity to induce Federal troops to move in that section. These men, when they see 2 or 3 armed men, are frightened to death, and magnify them into hundreds. There are a few men in the vicinity of Carrollton without doubt, but mostly of the new conscripts, who are without arms, and would take to the hills as soon as a force of Union troops went in.

The country presents a desolate appearance, and there are but few inhabitants living in the vicinity. There is no forage or provisions on which troops can subsist in the section, and I was obliged to move in order to get forage for the horses, as one company (Captain Flagg, Fourteenth Missouri State Militia) had not had anything for twenty-four hours. I did not meet the First Arkansas; they failed to make connection with us. The troops were all in good spirits, and only waited for the enemy to show himself to make themselves felt.

My command consisted of Company A, Thirty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, Captain Hawes; Company K, Thirty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Hicks; Captain Flagg's company, Fourteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia; Captain Burch's company, Fourteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and one gun of the Missouri Light Artillery, all of whom behaved themselves in a soldier-like manner.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. S. BARNES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District Southwestern Missouri, Springfield, Mo.

AUGUST 16, 1862.-Action at Lone Jack, Mo.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Major Wyllis C. Ransom, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Captain Milton H. Brawner, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Major Emory S. Foster, Seventh Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.

FAYETTEVILLE, MO., August 20, 1862.

SIR: Your dispatch of the 18th is just received. I came upon the united forces of Coffee, Hunter, Tracy, Jackson, and Cockrell, numbering 4,000, at Lone Jack, about 7 p. m. on the 17th instant.

On the morning of the 16th the rebel forces attacked Major Foster at Lone Jack with 600 State Militia, defeating him and capturing two pieces of artillery.

The loss on each side was about 50 killed and 75 to 100 wounded. Among the latter was Major Foster. Foster's command made a gallant fight, and were only defeated by overwhelming force.

On my arrival at Lone Jack I found General Warren, with a command of 800, consisting of the First Missouri and First Iowa Cavalry and two pieces of artillery, threatened with immediate attack by the whole rebel force, the rebel pickets being then in front of his camp;

---------------

*See also Schofield's report, p. 15, and Hindman's, p. 33.

---------------

