
from the field, and we spiked one of them and otherwise very much injured the other, while the ammunition belonging to them was mostly destroyed before we left. The command arrived at this post on the same evening at 7 o'clock.

I take great pleasure in mentioning the courage and good conduct generally displayed by the men of the command. Among those deserving special mention for gallant conduct were Captain H. P. Spellman, First Lieutenant Charles R. Combs, and Orderly Sergt. John P. Anderson, Company C; Lieutenant Robert D. Anderson, Company A; Lieutenant [Samuel M.] Baker, Company I, and Lieutenant [John] Schee, of Company E, Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, and Captain [William W.] Owens and the officers and men of the Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia; Asst. Surg. W. H. H. Cundiff, Second Battalion Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, also deserves special mention for gallant conduct and faithful performance of his duty while on the field. Sergt. J. C. Updegraff, of the Third Indiana Battery, displayed great gallantry and good conduct.

Our loss is, killed, 43; wounded, 154; missing, 75. Total, 272. The enemy acknowledge a loss of 118 killed. The number of their wounded is not definitely known, but undoubtedly much exceeds that of the killed. Of those reported missing at the close of the action numbers are returning daily, materially diminishing our loss.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. BRAWNER,

Captain Company A, Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers.

Colonel DANIEL HUSTON, Jr.,

Seventh Cavalry, Mo. Vols., Commanding Sub-Div., Central Mo.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Emory S. Foster, Seventh Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

GREENFIELD, May 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to an order from you dated Jefferson City, August 12, 1862, I proceeded from Syracuse to Sedalia, to take command of forces about to march to Lexington. Company H, Seventh Missouri State Militia, Captain [Elias] Slocum, from Syracuse, reported at 11 o'clock p. m. on the 12th. The two companies of the Eighth Missouri State Militia, Captains [Henry D.] Moore and Owens, and a section of the Third Indiana Battery, Lieutenant [J. S.] Develin, marching by rail from Jefferson, reported at 4 o'clock a. m. August 13. I marched immediately, and reached Lexington August 14 at 11 a. m., a distance of 60 miles; men and horses very much worn-out, having marched forty-eight hours without food or rest.

I received an order from you at 1 o'clock a. m. August 15 to march at daylight in the direction of Lone Jack, with 800 men. At daylight I marched with a force consisting of detachments from five companies Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, three companies Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, two companies Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, three companies Second Battalion Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and one company Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, together with a section of the Third Indiana Battery. In consequence of a jealousy in regard to rank no field officers were sent with me, as you directed should be done.

