
There were 2,500 of the enemy reported as not far off. The rebels fled from the battery, leaving it an easy capture to our naval and military forces. The heavy pieces were destroyed an the field pieces brought off.

The expedition went up the Yazoo River above the Sunflower and a part went some distance up the Sunflower. Nothing more of any import was learned. On the return of the fleet from the Yazoo we turned up the Mississippi River, stopping at Morgan's plantation (Wilton, La.). The telegraph to Providence was cut and about one-half mile of the wire was torn off.

At Providence a landing was made, the telegraph apparatus removed, but nothing of the enemy discovered. When at Greenville, Miss., a point from which batteries were fired into our transports on former trips, the troops were landed, but too late. The enemy but been aware of the coming of the gunboats up the river and had carried off their battery about midnight. About 50 bushels of corn and a large quantity of light forage was destroyed by burning at the cavalry camp. The enemy had about 200 or 250 men in all at this place. A small squad of cavalry was seen and chase given.

The fleet is now approaching Bolivia, or Bolivar, Miss. Near this place the rebels crossed large forces to Arkansas about a week before the expedition came down the river. There is a small force of about a regiment at this place, but they always take flight when gunboats are seen. The rebels used four flat-boats in crossing, and conveyed over about from 100 to 130 loaded wagons, three pieces of artillery, a large number of horses, and some infantry. One detachment was from Beauregard's army, and the other came from Jackson, from General

-----

.

N. B.--One of our prisoners let slip a few evenings since that Hindman was re-enforced by 25,000 men, some crossing the river as above described and some going by way of the Monroe and Little Rock road. The manner in which this was stated makes it worthy of confidence.

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Colonel Seventy-sixth Ohio, Commanding Expedition.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel William D. Bowen, Bowen's Battalion Missouri Cavalry.

HELENA, ARK., August 27, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your orders of 15th instant I reported, with 80 men and two mountain howitzers of my command, to Colonel Woods, commanding expedition. We proceeded down the river on the morning of the 16th, nothing of note transpiring until we reached Milliken's Bend, on the morning of the 18th, when the gunboat Benton captured the rebel transport Fair Play, loaded with arms and ammunition and other stores from Vicksburg, and destined for Hindman. The Thirty-first Louisiana Regiment, being encamped near the river, beat a hasty retreat on the approach of the Benton.

Landing my command as soon as possible, I reported myself to Colonel Woods for orders. After waiting some twenty minutes and receiving none, and learning that several of the enemy's wagons were retreating on the road to Tallulah, I ordered Lieutenant [J. D.] Crabtree, with 10 men, to follow and capture them, which he accomplished. I at the same time sent Lieutenant [D. W.] Ballou and 10 men in pursuit of the

