
On the 22nd of August, 1862, a still more determined attack was made about 2.30 p. m. by a very large force of Indians. The balls fell as thick as hail, and they seemed determined to drive the men from the guns, but they failed in so doing, and I think I may safely state, without flattery, that the safety of the garrison was solely dependent upon the superior courage of the non-commissioned officers, privates, and citizens, who so nobly stood to their posts; and, in order that their merit may be duly appreciated, I beg leave herewith to append their names. The number of shots fired by each gun it is not at present possible to state until an opportunity offers and counting the ammunition stored in the several buildings. The small-arms ammunition on hand was all expended, but by your energies in organizing a party to cast balls and make cartridges we have still a moderate supply. The ammunition for the field guns is in good order and in quantities sufficient for the emergency.

I cannot close this report without bringing to your notice the brave conduct of the Renville Rangers, under the command of First Lieutenant J. Gorman, who stood up to their work like veterans. Their services were under my immediate notice. The other portions of the garrison acted nobly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. JONES,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army, in charge of Artillery.

First Lieutenant SHEEHAN,

Fifth Regiment Minnesota Vols., Commanding Post.

AUGUST 20-27, 1862.-Scout in Wayne, Stoddard, and Dunklin Counties, Mo.

Report of Major Lothar Lippert, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

CAMP AT GREENVILLE, August 27, 1862.

COLONEL: Pursuant to your order, dated August 19, 1862, I took command of the following troops and started on the 20th instant at 4 o'clock a. m. for Bloomfield: Two officers and 80 men of the Thirteenth Cavalry Regiment, one 12-pounder howitzer, under command of First Lieutenant Rudolph Van Poser, Second Missouri Artillery Regiment, and 1 officer and 30 men of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Denny. About 2 miles east of Mingo Creek, or 22 miles from Greenville, the infantry, which were covering our flanks, discovered a rebel picket, consisting of 6 men; killed 3 and made 2 prisoners. Another rebel was captured 10 miles this side of Bloomfield. At 7 o'clock p. m. the same day we arrived at Bloomfield.

Next day, the 21st of August, my men and horses needing rest, nothing of importance was undertaken.

According to reports at Bloomfield a rebel camp was said to exist south of West Prairie, but nothing positive could be ascertained. I concluded, however, to hunt up and take that camp, wherever it might be. I started consequently at 4 o'clock a. m. the 22nd of August from Bloomfield with the following troops, leaving the artillery and infantry behind: Two officers and 72 men of the First Battalion Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry; 2 officers and 60 men of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, and part of four companies of State Militia, altogether 80 men. We took the road to Saint Luke toward West Prairie and the village called Four Mile.

