
About 22 miles south of Bloomfield we met a band of rebels, 15 men strong, and attacked them, killing 4 and taking 6 prisoners. According to information received from these prisoners there was a rebel camp, consisting of from 300 to 350 men, southwest of Hickenboden's Mill. We took the road in that direction and came on a rebel picket 3 miles this side the mill, who fired at us, but was driven in. About 1 mile this side the mill we had to pass a swamp behind which the concentrated rebel pickets made a desperate stand, but were driven back with great loss. We now proceeded in a lively trot toward their camp, at tacked it from three different directions and took it by storm. It is impossible for me to state the number of killed at this attack, the heaviest fighting taking place in the thick underbrush, but I think there must have been more than 15 to 20 killed. We took 16 prisoners, from 50 to 60 horses and mules, 50 to 60 stand of arms, all their camp equipage, provisions, clothing, ammunition, &amp;c. The enemy fled in such confusion and haste that many left their saddled horses in camp. After pursuing them 2 or 3 miles, killing and wounding them as they fled, we returned to rebel camp, rested a few hours, and marched then to Four Mile, where we stopped overnight. At our approach the secessionists fled single and in squads in greatest hurry toward the Arkansas line. The next morning we started back again to Bloomfield, and arrived there safe without any loss on our side at 7 o'clock p. m. The men of the First Wisconsin Cavalry Regiment deserve for their bravery, courage, and perseverance my fullest approbation. Lieutenant H. Hilliard, of the above regiment is not only a brave and courageous officer, but showed a great deal of experience and usefulness. I cannot omit recommending him to a position where his high military qualities are more applicable. Lieutenant J. E. Atwater, who acted as adjutant, also deserves all praise as an able and efficient officer.

The detachment of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers acted well and met my fullest approbation. It would not become me to speak here of the conduct of the men of the First Battalion Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, being their commander, but I cannot omit stating that officers and men behaved and acted as brave and spirited soldiers. The coolness with which Captain [J. E.] Kimberly executed all my orders deserves particular mention.

Having rested two days at Bloomfield I started with my original command for this place, where we arrived safe and sound at 8 o'clock a. m. to-day.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. LIPPERT,

Major Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel S. H. BOYD, Commanding Post.

AUGUST 21, 1862.-Skirmish at Neosho, Mo.

Reports of Colonel Clark Wright, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

IN THE FIELD, SOUTH OF CARTHAGE THREE MILES,

Daylight, August 21, 1862.

GENERAL: The rebels are still running, much frightened and worn down. I leave this point for Neosho immediately on their trail, and intend to drive them entirely out of the State.

