
All the west end of the southwest division north of this is clear. I wrote you last night that Lieutenant-Colonel Jewell, in command of Kansas troops, had sent in a messenger telling me that he was in my rear coming up. I have heard nothing from him since. I have received nothing from you since I left Osage River. Coffee, Cockrell, Tracy, Hughes, Lewis, and all the rebel bands are together, heading for Dixie. They can outrun Jordan. Occasionally we catch a squad and consign them to his satanic majesty. Their course has been direct, their speed high, and their exercise perpetual since I struck their trail. All the troops under my command are vigorous, although I have worked them hard and their privations have been great. All in good spirit and say they will follow me wherever I may go.

The militia so far have behaved well and are eager for fight. I am all anxiety to hear from you and the condition on the other side.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding in Field.

To General E. B. BROWN.

P. S.-We will need horseshoes and supplies very soon, particularly in this southwest. We are about out now. Our stock is much worn, and in bad condition some of it; but it must go at present until I can do better. I will write you soon again.

Respectfully,

C. W.
HEADQUARTERS,Neosho, Mo., August 22, 1862-10 a. m.

GENERAL: I have this moment returned from Pineville and hasten to write you. I drove the rebel force from this place at sundown last evening. Their retreat was precipitate. I pursued them with a column of cavalry, harassing their rear. Ordering the battery and transportation forward as speedily as possible, under the charge of Colonel King, with the cavalry I pursued the rebels until they passed Pineville through the dense brush and the darkness. The artillery horses and mules broke down, and Colonel King went into camp at Elm Springs, 5 miles south of this place. I could not follow them farther, on account of the horses braking down and becoming lame. Neither men nor horses had eaten anything for twenty-four hours. Besides, I had not heard from you since I left Osage and did not know the condition of affairs; neither had I seen or heard of any Federal troops except my own column, except at Montevallo, where Lieutenant-Colonel Jewell, Kansas troops, had sent me a verbal message that he would join me, but had failed to do so. In view of these circumstances, before daylight I fell back to Elm Springs and thence circumstances, before daylight I fell back to Elm Springs and thence to this place, leaving one squadron to keep up appearances in the rear of the enemy, who will not stop running this side of Boston Mountains. I have stopped here to rest, and in the absence of orders will move back toward Mount Vernon via Newtonia.

Since my arrival here Major Miller, with three squadrons of Second Wisconsin and two militia, has reported; also a messenger has arrived this moment, announcing the approach of General Blunt. He did not know his strength or exact whereabouts, but said he would come by the Carthage road.

