
We have killed a number and captured some 30 rebels, and successfully driven all the rest outside the district or State. Nine-tenths of those who took the oath are now with Coffee.

I captured a messenger yesterday from Coffee to Colonel Hays at Lone Jack, in Jackson County, requesting him to press forward and join him; that he needs him very much. I suppose he will be along soon. The combined forces that I have been driving were 3,500; 1,800 well armed. They did not intend returning to Arkansas, and will no doubt, as soon as they can organize and recruit up their exhausted strength and animals, return to this State in force, if prompt measures are not used to prevent it.

I am all anxiety to hear from you. Write me immediately and send me countersigns.

Our supplies are out, and so is the country in this vicinity. We are much in need of horseshoes and nails. All the men under my command have behaved well.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding in Field.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Southwestern District Missouri.

AUGUST 23, 1862.-Skirmish at Hickory Grove, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel John T. Burris, Tenth Kansas Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Major Wyllis C. Ransom, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Burris, Tenth Kansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., August 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of reliable information, received on the 17th instant, to the effect that the rebel forces together with the arms and public stores under his charge, at Independence, Mo., has been largely re-enforced and were threatening Kansas City, and, at the request of Brigadier-General Schofield to co-operate with Federal forces then marching against the enemy from the east, south, and southeast, I marched on that place with Companies A and F, Captains Abernathy and Conover, Eighth Kansas Volunteers; Company B, Captain Wagner, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and Company E, First U. S. Infantry, serving as an artillery company, with a light battery, under First Lieutenant Charles S. Bowman, Fourth U. S. Cavalry. Staff officers for the expedition, Captain R. H. Offley, First U. S. Infantry; Lieutenant Laighton, Eighth Kansas Volunteers, and Lieutenant H. Sachs, Third U. S. Cavalry.

Arriving at Kansas City on the morning of the 18th, I was joined by Major Ransom, with Company A, Lieutenant Carpenter; Company L, Captain Derry, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and Company B, Captain Harvey, Sixth Kansas Volunteers. I immediately commenced work

