
they were soon discovered to be in full retreat in the direction of Pleasant Hill. Their being entirely a cavalry force, and wholly unencumbered by camp equipage or transportation of any description, their flight was much more rapid than it was possible for our pursuit to be.

The enemy's loss, as nearly as could be ascertained, was 12 killed, several wounded, and 2 prisoners. No casualties on our side.

Moving from Hickory Grove west to the nearest point where water could be obtained we bivouacked for the night. Ascertaining from my scouts during the night that the enemy had continued his retreat beyond Pleasant Hill I marched back to Independence with my command on the 24th, and on the 26th I returned to Kansas City, bringing with me the Federal wounded, left there by Lieutenant-Colonel Buel, together with a large amount of public stores, captured from his by the rebels and left there by them for want of transportation. Leaving at that point Major Ransom, with his battalion, together with Colonel Buel's wounded and the public stores, I returned with the remainder of my command to this post on the 27th.

A considerable number of horses were captured from the enemy on the expedition, a detailed report of which will be made as soon as prepared by the acting assistant quartermaster. About 80 loyal colored persons accompanied and followed my command out of Missouri.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Captain J. M. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Wyllis C. Ransom, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have to acknowledge the receipt of the general's dispatch, under date of the 24th instant, and have the honor respectfully to report that, finding the enemy under Hays and Quantrill in considerable force were hanging along the Blue with an evident intention of making a raid upon this place, I telegraphed Colonel Burris for assistance, when he came to my relief, bringing with him Bowman's battery, three companies of infantry, and one of cavalry. After delaying for two days, vainly endeavoring to open communication with you toward the southeast, we moved upon Independence-the artillery and infantry by water, my battalion of cavalry (four squadrons) by land. On my march to Independence I burned the dwelling-house and out-buildings belonging to one Rice, a notorious rebel and infamous scoundrel, living on the Blue. I occupied Independence without resistance. My first act was to place under arrest McCarty, the editor of the Border Star, a secession paper published at Independence, and a lying dirty sheet. Having no means at hand of removing the material, I ordered the type of the office to be destroyed. My order was promptly carried out. I trust that my action in this particular will meet the approval of the department. Having learned that the enemy was near Harrisonville we left Independence on the morning of the 22nd to look him up, and, if possible, engage him. At Lee's, 12 miles from Independence, we learned that he had counter-marched and was then only 3 miles distant

