
upon our left; an hour later we drove in his pickets, making one of them prisoner. From him we learned that the enemy, 1,700 strong, were strongly posted near Cowert's, on the blue, 2 miles distant, he having moved his camp upon hearing of our approach. We bivouacked for the night, and at early dawn moved upon the enemy, driving in all his pickets before sunrise.

A reconnaissance in force, under Captain Derry, discovered the enemy in a deep ravine utterly impracticable for artillery, but the reconnaissance had the effect to drive him from the brush, and two hours later he was in full retreat. Having first fired the very valuable premises of Cowert, with some 30 stacks of wheat, about 800 bushels of thrashed grain, 3,000 bushels of corn, we moved toward a new position. These premises of Cowert's were the headquarters of the rebel gang, and their destruction was a severe blow to Hays and Quantrill. While moving to the new position, as above stated, our rear was attacked by the advance of the rebels, who in their line of retreat crossed our line of march at right angles. We immediately advanced our left, taking up a very strong position on a high piece of prairie and opened upon the enemy with solid shot and shell, and he was soon flying in all directions. It was impossible for us to follow him, as our horses, having been for twenty-four hours without water, were scarcely able to move. the enemy fled toward Pleasant Hill. Thirteen of them were killed and some 20 wounded and quite a number of the horses taken from Buel recaptured. We then returned to Independence, where we remained until yesterday, engaged in removing the wounded and the public stores from that place, which business being accomplished, we returned here last evening. The enemy's force numbered, as we should judge, about 1,200 men, well armed and mounted, our own force being about 350.

Colonel Burris left for Fort Leavenworth on the Majors this morning. My command, now consisting of Company b, Sixth Kansas, and Companies A and L, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, having been in the saddle almost constantly day and night for two weeks, is much worn and the animals badly jaded. Colonel Burris ordered me to return to Camp Moonlight, near the Methodist Mission, in Kansas, for the purpose of resting my command. I march there this morning.

Your suggestions contained in dispatch of 24th instant will be carefully acted upon.

With great esteem, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. RANSOM,

Major, Commanding.

About 200 contrabands followed us out of the Mission.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 23, 1862.-Skirmish near Wayman's Mill, on Spring Creek, Mo.

Report of Colonel John M. Glover, Third Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ROLLA DIVISION,Rolla, Mo., August 25, 1862.

COLONEL: The expedition under Captain Avery, with 200 men of the Third Missouri Cavalry, sent out on the night of the 22nd instant to

