
intercept the rebel Colonel Crabtree and his 250 or 300 recruits (who killed Lieutenant [John] Heusack, of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, on the 23rd instant), returned last night at 7 p. m. A portion of his force fell in with some 60 of the enemy near Wayman's Mill, 25 miles southwest of this, killing 6, wounding 1 (mortally), and capturing 8 prisoners, 12 horses, and some arms. The most of the latter were destroyed on the ground. The prisoners were turned over to a guard of 12 men, in charge of a sergeant of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, to be conveyed to Fort Wayman. On the way an attempt to escape was made by the prisoners, in which 2 succeeded, 1 was killed, 2 mortally, 1 severely, and 1 slightly, wounded. Two of the wounded have since died, and one of the escaped has since been recaptured. Being first induced to believe that the killing and wounding of the prisoners was a wanton act I had the sergeant and his guard placed in confinement; but, on investigation, I learned from the prisoners themselves that a portion of them did attempt to escape, which resulted in the killing and wounding of those who wee least guilty.

The names of those captured are Robert Barnett, James Scott, Jonathan M. Stork, John B. Walthall (dead), Lieutenant William A. Edwards (dead), Elias Hopman (shot in hip), Edmund B. Dixon (slight saber wounds on head, and nephew of Honorable Thomas Price, of Jefferson City), and John Stephens. One of the men, who died from wounds (saber cuts on face and head) could not be identified. The prisoners were principally from Cole County, Missouri. After the firing on and killing of Lieutenant Heusack beyond Little Perry Crabtree's men scattered, or their chastisement would have been greater.

Colonel, permit me to say I believe my regiment has done more hard work than any cavalry regiment in the United States. My stock are used up. If it be possible I would like them to have some relief from their excessive duties, which, although they have ever been active since our arrival here, have been continuous almost night and day; my available force having been less than that of any division commander in the State, with as great, if not greater, responsibilities than any.

In haste, colonel, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Missouri.

AUGUST 24, 1862.-Skirmish on Coon Creek, near Lamar, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, Kans., August 26, 1862.

SIR: Your dispatch, dated Saint Louis, the 23rd instant, via Springfield, is just received. I have about 4,000 troops and thirty pieces of artillery in the field here. In addition to this force I have three Indian regiments that are now south of this point, in the Indian Territory. I also expect that my available force in the field will soon be augmented by the addition of new regiments, now being organized. I shall be

17 R R-VOL XIII

