
Sunday morning, 24th instant, sent out scouts. At 12 m. messenger reported Jeffers' camp on Crooked Creek. Went out with 110 men, making an aggregate of 130. When we joined the scouts found out they knew nothing of the situation of the camp. proceeded down Crooked-Creek some 2 miles, when Captain Leeper, whose company was in advance, came suddenly upon the enemy, strongly posted behind a corn-field fence. Captain Leeper's horse was shot under him, when his whole company wheeled, without firing a gun, and came rushing back through the lines of Company A, throwing them into confusion. They next came to Companies E and F, who were in line, breaking up their line and creating a panic among the men; and in the mean time the rebels, seeing our confusion, advanced rapidly, keeping up a rapid fire, having every advantage of ground and bushes. Our men kept up a fire, falling back all the time, and it was impossible to get them in line until we had fallen back some half a mile, when I succeeded in getting some 20 to dismount and form behind a picket fence, where they poured a strong fire into the advancing rebels, checking their advance and driving them back, but I could not get men enough in line to follow them, and was content with recovering our dead and some horses that had been left. Found next day that the rebels had fled, leaving 5 horses (1 badly wounded), a wagon, lot of bacon, corn, and camp equipage.

Rebel force reported 500. Their loss was 6 killed that we know of. Some reports say they lost 40 killed and wounded. Our loss was 3 killed, 6 wounded, and 2 missing. Horses, 3 killed in the field, 4 died that night, and 12 severely wounded. one of the missing was taken prisoner and exchanged for a citizen, and returned to camp this morning. The other, understood to be wounded and at home, not far from the battle ground. Arms lost, 3 carbines, 1 Enfield rifle, 1 holster, and 1 Savage revolving pistol.

I felt at first very much disposed to blame the men, but they deserve credit for not running clear off the field. During the panic the officers, one and all, did all that men could do to rally their men. We wee in hot pursuit of Jeffers and 200 of his gang, but, receiving two orders from Colonel Simpson (one of which was made when he knew we were likely to be on the trial of the rebels, I supposed it was important to return, reaching this place yesterday evening.

This morning Companies E and F left for Fredericktown. Feed and provisions abundant about Dallas, and all owned by rebels.

Very respectfully,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Major First Battalion Twelfth Regiment Cavalry, Mo. S. M.

Lieutenant H. A. GLEIM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

AUGUST 24, 1862.-Affair near Bloomfield, Mo.*

Report of Colonel Sempronius H. Boyd, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

GREENVILLE, MO., August 25, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that your order of the 21st instant, to kill, capture, or disperse a body of rebels, 350 strong, between Bloomfield and The Cape, was successfully executed by Major

---------------

*See, August 20-24, Scout in Wayne, Stoddard, and Dunklin Counties, Mo., p. 250.

---------------

