
the house of one Goforth, whose son is with Coleman. Goforth ran and escaped. Returned to the camp on Current River. On the march, from the time we left Salem until we returned, whenever we saw a man run and leave a horse we took the same, leaving word for them to prove themselves loyal and take their property, if they wished.

On the morning of the 27th we procured a wagon and oxen of Alfred Deathridge, for transportation of the families of David and Dan. Smith, and took our march for headquarters at Salem. Reached the residence of Joseph Conway, where we encamped for the night.

August 28, at 5 o'clock, reported at Salem. Delivered prisoners and contraband property.

HERBERT REED,

Second Lieutenant Company E, Third Missouri Cavalry.

AUGUST 28, 1862.-Skirmish at Ashley, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Honorable John B. Henderson.

Numbers 2.-Captain W. H. Pierce, Missouri Militia.

Numbers 1. Report of Honorable John B. Henderson.

LOUISIANA, MO., August 28, 1862.

DEAR GENERAL: A courier, just in from Ashley, in this county, brings report of a fight at that place at daylight this morning, lasting one hour. The engagement was between 150 rebels and 30 of the newly enrolled loyal militia. The object of the attack was to capture the arms of two companies. The larger portion of the companies having been ordered to Paris a week since, the post was therefore weak and the rebels supposed it could easily be taken. Captain pierce was in command of the militia. I send you his report below. Send us the ammunition for the two pieces of artillery. We have borrowed a piece from Illinois, and you may send more than we wrote for. Colonel Anderson is in pursuit of the rebels with not less than 800 militia. Every loyal man is under arms in the county, and rebels will have to leave it most certainly.

J. B. HENDERSON.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain W. H. Pierce, Missouri Militia.

We were attacked about daylight this morning by the enemy. the fight lasted about one hour, when they retreated. Our loss, 1 killed and 5 wounded. We have found two of the enemy's dead, one of them being Moses Beck, captain. Also two of their wounded. We are satisfied the brush around is swarming with them. Will report fully as soon as possible.

W. H. PIERCE,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel G. W. ANDERSON.

