
landed and scoured the woods and country, but having no cavalry caused great delay and permitted the guerrillas to escape. After Carson's Landing we could not get nearer than a half mile or see much more than a cloud of dust.

Our progress was so much delayed by the slowness of the gunboat and being compelled to anchor every night that the wharf-boat at Eunice Landing was not reached until Saturday about noon, when the transports took the wharf-boat in two and started on our return. At Eunice I arrested a Mr. Nelson, who, it was reported to me, had been using his influence and money in assisting the rebellion, and had on more than one occasion mounted his horse and rode for days with guerrilla parties. We also brought away the watchman on the wharf-boat, a John McDonald, who claims to be a British subject.

Sunday morning Mrs. Manley was taken aborad, near Bolivar Landing. From her, and also from other sources, I learned that colonel Starke has a brigade from Van Dorn's army now encamped on Bolivar Lake, with four or six pieces of artillery, and was daily expecting re-enforcements, with a 30-pounder gun. This force now on the lake is represented as high as 3,000 and as low as 1,800. It was a part of his command that we met at Carson's Landing.

The wharf-boat being very large and heavy she towed very hard and slow, and the expedition only returned this (Wednesday, September 3) morning, being out six days. Our orders were for four days' rations; consequently the meat captured was partly eaten. The wharf-boat and contents have been turned over to Quartermaster Winslow, the mules and horses to Quartermaster H. B. Hunt, and the prisoners to be provost-marshal.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. H. RAYNOR,

Commanding Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers and Expedition.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Army of the Southwest.

AUGUST 29, 1862.-Skirmish near Iberia, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant David Hunter, Eighth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT CAVALRY MO. S. M.,Linn Creek, Mo., August 31, 1862.

MAJOR: I am directed by Colonel J. W. McClurg, commanding this post, to report to you, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding, that on Friday, the 29th instant, 4 miles east of Iberia, Miller County, Mo., Captain Long, Company G, Enrolled Militia, with 2 lieutenants and 40 men, attacked a company of rebels (Colonel Robert R. Lawther's regiment), consisting of about 125 men, and completely routed and dispersed them, killing 1 man and seriously wounding several others, 3 of whom were taken prisoners. Captain Long's loss was 1 man (Lee Whittle) severely wounded in the groin (supposed mortally) and several others slightly. At last accounts Captain Long was in full pursuit of the rebels, and I have no doubt will render a good account of them.

I have the honor to be, major, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant.

Major LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Central Dist. of Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.

