
Small rebel forces are hovering around Houston under Captains Curry and Spellman.

I have the honor to inform you finally that I, with the assistance of some of our dismounted men, have constructed a field work at this post, which is nearly completed. It is large enough to hold five or six companies and strong enough to resist even 6-pounder balls. It was constructed with a view to the military importance of Springfield and the apparent need of a permanent protection of the route from Rolla to Springfield, and may perhaps be of use at no distant time.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Cavalry and Post.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 31, 1862.-Skirmish at Little River Bridge, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General John W. Davidson, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DIVISION,September 2, 1862-10 a. m.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I just learn by telegraph from Colonel Boyd, at Greenville, that Major Lippert, of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, with a squadron of his regiment, two companies of Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, and one howitzer of Second Missouri Artillery, has obtained another signal success over the guerrillas at a point 12 miles southeast of Pitman's Ferry. After one hour's fighting, which the major characterizes as desperate, the enemy, under Colonel White, were completely routed. A number of prisoners, arms, horses, mules, and wagons were captured from them. We lost some killed, but slight compared with the enemy.

Respectfully submitted to Brigadier-General Schofield, commanding:

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

Boyd sen this infantry down in wagons, and has made a good thing of it. He wants to go to Little Rock. I have said no.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1862.-Scouts in Callaway County, Mo.

Report of Lieut Colonel Arnold Krekel, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

FULTON, MO., September 4, 1862.

SIR: Two scouts which I sent out to-day, one on the Columbia road, the other on the Saint Aubert road, met with the enemy; the first at the house of Givens, where the men were waiting for dinner and we attacked by part of Parcel's men, 250 to 300 strong. Our scout was 50 men. They stood their ground, killing 7 rebels of which they know, and exhausted all their ammunition in the fight, which lasted an hour and

