
one-quarter, after which our men retired.* Three of our men are as yet missing.

The second scout on the Saint aubert road happened to meet the enemy, about 60 strong, coming up the road; our men fired into them, and they scattered in all directions. The whole county is full of bushwhackers, and 70 of Price's men are said to have crossed at Saint Aubert.

To enable me to act with effect. I should at least have 250 additional men a piece or two of ordnance. Will your order them up? This county is certainly the center of the rebellion in Northern Missouri.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. KREKEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD.

SEPTEMBER 6, 1862.-Skirmish near Roanoke, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Lewis Merrill.

HUDSON, MO., September 8, 1862.

Captain [J. W.] Baird, with a few of Merrill's Horse and some Enrolled Militia, attacked guerrilla camp south of Roanoke yesterday [6th?], dispersing them, killing 4, wounding several, capturing 3 prisoners, some horses, arms, &c. Our loss, I regret to say, is Captain Baird, Merrill's Horse, mortally wounded, since dead. No other casualties.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1862.-Skirmish at Lancaster, Mo.

Report of Major George M. Houston, Assistant Adjutant-General, Northeast Missouri Division.

WARRENTON, MO., September 12, 1862.

Following just received:

HUDSON, September 12.

Captain Thompson, commanding post at Lancaster, reports by letter that his post was attacked Sunday last by 70 or 80 guerrillas, under Tice Kane and Bill Dunn; killed 1 militiaman; rebels had 2 men killed, Captain Searcy and Henry Holton wounded and captured. Burn Wotherford is also a prisoner. Lieutenant Brandt, Engineer Corps, is here; wants 60 militia and 100 contrabands for block-houses on Hannibal and Saint Joe Railroad.

GEO. M. HOUSTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.

---------------

*This skirmish is probably that of Prairie Chapel.

---------------

