
furnished their own transportation and subsistence and accompanied my command to Kansas.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Kansas Vols., Commanding Expedition.

Captain J. M. GRAHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas.

SEPTEMBER 11, 1862.-Action at Bloomfield, Mo.

Report of Major Dominick Urban, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 11, 1862.

The enemy was defeated at Bloomfield, and is again retreating toward Holcomb's Island. He captured our 24-pounder howitzers. We have 4 killed; the wounded not yet ascertained. Enemy's loss not yet known.

D. URBAN,

Major, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON,

Commanding Saint Louis Division.

SEPTEMBER 11-13, 1862.-Expedition from Clarendon to Lawrenceville and Saint Charles, Ark.

Report of Colonel William Vandever, Ninth Iowa Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,September 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the return of the expedition under my command. My former dispatch was dated at Clarendon, on the morning of the 11th. At that place I divided my command, sending the First, Fourth, and Fifth Missouri Cavalry and the Fourth Iowa Cavalry back to Helena by the middle or Hickory Ridge road. With the remaining part, consisting of the Sixth Missouri, Fifth Kansas, Third Iowa, First Indiana, and Fifth Illinois Cavalry, in all about 900 strong, I took the lower Helena road to Lawrenceville, where I encamped on the evening of the 11th. Shortly after arriving in camp at this place I was fired on from the opposite side of Mattox Bayou by a straggling party of the enemy. No damage done. Lawrenceville is 20 miles from clarendon, a little distance south of the lower Helena road. Having learned that there was some force of the enemy at or near Saint Charles, and that the bank of the river was being fortified at that place, I determined to return that way. Accordingly on the morning of the 12th I set out and reached the bank of White River a mile above about noon. A portion of the road through the bottom was very difficult for artillery. I was obliged to cut a way through the cane for near half a mile to a point opposite Saint Charles. Parties of soldiers were to be seen about the bank. A large ferry-boat was

