
attacked them with the advance of the Second Regiment Missouri State Militia. They fled precipitately, scattering in all directions through the brush, leaving 2 dead and carrying off several wounded. We have captured 20 prisoners, a large number of horses and guns, and a quantity of provisions and clothing. Our loss is 1 killed and 2 wounded. The pursuit was continued till dark and will be resumed at daylight.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 13, 1862.-Skirmish on Strother Fork of Black River, Iron County, Mo.

Report of Colonel Samuel H. Melcher, Washington County (Missouri) Militia.
HEADQUARTERS WASHINGTON COUNTY MILITIA,Potosi, Mo., September 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on Saturday morning, September 13, about 10 o'clock, the Schofield Hussars, Lieutenant Schnell, commanding, with a detachment of the First Infantry, Missouri State Militia (mounted), and detachments of the Washington County Militia, Captains Craig and Breckenridge commanding, attacked, in camp on Strother Fork of Black River, in Iron County, Missouri, a band of rebels. After a brief but sharp engagement the rebels fled, leaving 5 killed, 7 prisoners, and 2 rebel women, with 3 Union men, held by the rebels, together with 35 horses, saddles, bridles, and all their equipage. Sevens hot-guns and rifles have been turned over. About 20 were distributed by the militia on the spot.

The only casualties on our side were of the Schofield Hussars, who made a dashing charge into the midst of the rebel camp, at which time Sergeant Bell received a shot in the head (slight), and Henry G. Long a rifle-ball in the knee-joint (serious). Lieutenant Schnell takes 6 of the horses to Saint Louis, as several of his own are nearly disabled.

Respectfully,

S. H. MELCHER,

Colonel Washington County Militia Regiment.

T. S. GRIFFING,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 15-20, 1862.-Scout in Ralls County, Mo.

Report of Captain George H. Nettleton, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI ENROLLED MILITIA,Hannibal, September 23, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with instructions received from Colonel Hayward, to join other forces under his command, on the morning of the 15th September, for a scout through the county of Ralls, I started with 30 men of my Company (C), of the Railroad Regiment, 40 men of Company D, Captain John Meredith, and 10 men of Company E, Lieutenant Kramer, all under the command of Colonel Hayward, for the neighborhood

