
of Ogle's Mill, encamping for the night on the farm of one Spaulding.

Tuesday morning we scouted through a part of Salt River bottom; returned to the main Paris road, which we followed as far west as Sidney. While at Sidney Colonel Hayward, who was 4 miles back toward Hannibal, on the main road, was taken prisoner by a force of about 80 rebels, under Captain McDonald. From this time the command of the Hannibal forces devolved upon me. As soon as it was ascertained that Colonel Hayward was in the hands of our enemy the column was at once ut under motion, with the view of going to the point where McDonald and his men were last heard from and giving them chase. Two miles east of Sidney we met Captain Johnson and two companies of New London militia. My command was joined to his, and during the remainder of the week's scout acted under his orders. Captain Johnson had about an hour before been attacked by McDonald, and his advance guard surprised and scattered. He, however, lost no men, and had but 1 wounded, while McDonald has 1 man killed and 2 wounded. Johnson held the ground, while McDonald fled to the brush, and being better acquainted with the paths and roads, succeeded in making his escape, through so closely pursued as to be obliged to leave his coat and revolver (the same that had been taken from Colonel Hayward) and private correspondence, which fell into the hands of Captain Johnson.

By Captain Johnson's order Captain Meredith went with the New London force a few miles to the west and scouted through that portion of the country, while I returned with 30 men to Ogle's Mill with the baggage, which was left under guard; after which we scouted through the timber in search of McDonald's trail. Tuesday night the whole force went int camp at Ogle's Mill. Wednesday the whole force was moved to Cincinnati, on Salt River, camping ground selected, baggage placed under guard, and a scouting party sent out 6 miles up Salt River.

Crossing the river, they came down on the south side past Goodwins' Mill, and recrossed the river to Cincinnati. Thursday morning 25 men from Company C and 30 men of Captain Meredith's company joined 75 of Captain Johnson's men and started on another scout up Salt River.

When within 2 miles of the farm of Caleb Hurd, on Sandy Creek, we ran on the mounted picket of the enemy, who was promptly dismounted by a shot and his horse captured. The shot fired was sufficient to alarm the camp which was yet 2 miles distant. A charge was ordered and the camp soon reached. Major Henry Snider was in command. He had ordered his men to form in line of battle, but they would not stand.

As soon as the advance guard came up with them and discharged their muskets they broke up the hill, having had their horses already saddled.

Before the rear of the column came up they had all disappeared, without firing a gun. From 2 prisoners captured we learned that there we in the camp about 120 men, and, besides Major Snider, formerly mentioned, the following notables: Capts. Clint. Burbridge, of Pike County; Ben. Ely, of Ralls County; Knight, of Lincoln County; Barnard, of Adair County; Pollard, of Florida, and Captain White.

The place selected for an encampment was remarkably secure, and could easily have been defended against 1,000 men. They left guns, blankets, and cooking utensils scattered about the ground in the greatest

