
confusion, showing the extreme haste in which they left. I think our men fired nearly 100 shots, with what result I am unable to state, through it has since been reported that Major Snider was killed.

Thursday night we returned to Cincinnati. Friday moved camp to Sidney, and scouted through the hollows west of West Ely, where we found there had been an encampment but twenty-four hours before. it appeared that the rebel forces in that part of Ralls County had fled on horses, and, our men being worn-out with the labor of the past five days, we resolved on Saturday afternoon to break camp and return to Hannibal.

As a proper finale to this report I beg leave to say that the officers and men of my command all did their duty. We are all proud to have served under Captain Johnson, who we believe follows the bushwhackers to fight them on their own ground.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. NETTLETON,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier General LEWIS MERRILL,

Commanding Northeastern Missouri.

SEPTEMBER 19, 1862.-Affair at Mount Vernon, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,Mount Vernon, September 19, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a party of rebels under Captain John Long, numbering about 70, entered this town about 1 o'clock, our troops, one company Fourteenth Missouri State Militia and part of Major Weer's battalion Enrolled Militia, having withdrawn to the brush near the town to await their arrival, which had been anticipated. Before an attack could be made, however, the rebels retreated, and as soon as our troops could mount they started in pursuit. Being familiar with the roads, they succeeded in passing around and in front of the enemy, met and attacked him, killing 5 and a considerable number of wounded. We had 1 man slightly wounded with a spent ball.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 19-20, 1862.-Skirmishes near Helena, Ark.

Report of Colonel William Vandever, Ninth Iowa Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,September 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I have to report that last evening, about one hour before sundown, a patrol party of 4 men, from one of my pickets, was fired upon

