
by the enemy, and 3 of them wounded. They were of the First Wisconsin Cavalry. The attack was made about 1 1/2 miles south of my camp. This morning about daylight a picket of 7 men, stationed half a mile south of Jimison Rice's house, near his negro quarters, about 2 1/2 miles from my headquarters, was fired upon, and 1 of my men killed and 2 are missing. In this last case the attack was made by about 50 of the enemy, charging upon the picket from opposite directions. My men think they recognized some of the people of the country in both of these parties. From what I learn of negroes I think the attacking party was composed of Anderson's men and Texans. The party who made that attack this morning was led by an officer in gray uniform-a small man, dark hair and whiskers. I hear of parties hovering around us on all sides. I made a rapid scout this morning in person, visiting all my pickets to the west and a short distance westward. About sunrise there was a party of near 100 at or near the Lick Creek Bridge, on the Little Rock road, 5 miles west of my headquarters. Last night and yesterday the Rangers were all through the woods, in the neighborhood of Bush's, about 7 miles out, on the Spring Creek road. I would like more cavalry. The Sixth Missouri understands the country, and I could make good use of the Fifth Kansas or First Indiana. I have sent reconnoitering parties to-day on the different roads, with directions to arrest all persons they may find. I have stopped giving passes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VANDEVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General STEELE,

Commanding Army of the Southwest.

P. S.-I have made a number of arrests of persons living near us, who are reputed to be in the habit of riding about a good deal, supposed to be for the purpose of giving information. A gin-house was burned in the evening within a mile of my headquarters.

SEPTEMBER 19-24, 1862.-Operations in the Indian Territory.

Report of Colonel M. W. Buster, Indian Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS MORAVIAN MISSION,September 19, 1862.

The first squadron of Colonel M. W. Buster's command, consisting of Captains Stone's and McDonel's companies, left Tahlequah on Friday, the 19th instant, a 6.30 a. m., arrived at the Mission at 2.30 p. m. of the same day. Expecting, from report, that some Pins might be secreted in or about some of the house, Colonel Buster detailed a command of 10 men, with himself at the head and Captain Degen, H. S. Woodward, and Expressman Robinson as staff. We approached cautiously to within 300 yards of the place. The order to charge being given, the houses were surrounded and occupied, but no enemy found. The houses were entirely abandoned. In several of them valuable articles of furniture and libraries were found scattered in utter confusion about the floors. Orders were given that no articles should be molested, unless by written order from the colonel commanding, and am

18 R R-VOL XIII

