
happy to say that the feeling which possessed the men was sorrow a events that caused the desertion of the place rather than a desire to pillage or destroy. By order of the colonel commanding an inventory of all articles was ordered to be taken by me, that such articles as the service demanded should be strictly and properly accounted for. An estimate was made, by order, of the amount of wheat, and Captain Stone placed in charge to see that no more than the prescribed amount should be issued to each animal. Quarters were assigned the men, and the order of camp life being established, the evening being beautiful, all is quiet, the men in fine spirits, and all eager for the time to arrive when they shall join their brigade.

Friday, September 19.-Captain Degen, H. S. Woodward, and Charles Robinson started on a reconnoitering expedition; visited every house within a circuit of 4 miles, but found no sign of an enemy or friend, every house visited by them being entirely deserted; detailed my wagons to haul corn for the squadron, which we find here in abundance. It is impossible for me to account to any one for it, but will simply estimate the amount, and the owners must trust to the fortunes of war for pay, which they certainly are not entitled to for running away from their homes. Received news of Captain James Sanders, of Tahlequah district, that a body of Pins were desirous of coming back to their allegiance, no doubt convinced that this is a saving ordinance, since the time that their runaway brethren has elapsed and they do not yet come to their assistance. The day has been pleasant and clear; our men still dong well out of doors; all in health and fine spirits, and so I record, as the evening of the day, all well.

Sunday, September 21.-Nothing of moment has occurred to-day, excepting that little scouting parties, having more time, have extended their deserted is the rule, not the exception. One of these parties discovered some 100 bushels of old corn, which I shall company, go to Hilderbrand's Mill, and ascertain the amount of grain that can be had in the country, and to extend his scout on the Illinois, to take in some small Pin parties I am led to believe are in that vicinity. the place at which we are now encamped being recently occupied by a religious community, who depended almost upon their own exertions for everything used and consumed, they were, of necessity, a manufacturing people. They made wagons, plows, furniture, and, in fact, everything that they needed. It was to be regretted that so much property and such a useful community had been broken up; but their loss was a gain to our command, and I have no doubt that had the former occupants returned to-day and seen our brave rebel soldiers availing themselves of the opportunity here presented to repair and fix up, they would have been in a great measure reconciled to what they had supposed entirely lost. Some were mending boots and shoes with leather found on the place and tools in abundance to work it; others were at work in the carpenter-shop making mess-chests; others stocking guns; others mending saddles and bridles; others repairing the wood work of wagons sadly needing repairs; others at work in the smith-shop doing the iron work, shoeing horses, mending guns and gun-locks-in fact all were busy, and if the material is as lasting as the men's desire to work it up, our command will be in efficient order ere many days. Captain Minhart's squadron arrived here to-day, according to order, all well, and without accident on the way. Regret that a private of that squadron is now under arrest for stealing property

