
in direct opposition to General Orders, Numbers 15, of Major-General Hindman. His case will receive prompt attention, as I am fully determined and resolved that no man shall transgress this or any other order with impunity. Punishment must and shall follow on the heels of the transgression. No unusual event has occurred, and the day closes peacefully and pleasantly.

Monday, September 22.-Captain Stone took a little scout with 20 men this morning down Spring Creek. Came up with eight or ten deserted houses, some of which bore evidence of being but recently deserted. In one cooked victuals were found that had not yet cooled when our men entered the house, but no one could be found about t. At another house, which they came upon unawares, they saw 3 or 4 men take to the bushes, but they could to be overtaken or found. The women could not, or would not, talk English. No information could ge elicited from them, and it is the opinion of Captain Stone that many of the houses are inhabited, but the nature of the country being such that horses cannot approach without alarming the people some time before the houses are reached. This could, however, be easily obviated if the locality of the houses were known, as then our men could dismount and the houses are reached. This could, however, be easily obviated if the locality of the houses wee known, as then our men could dismount and the houses be surrounded before allowing the horses to approach within sound. Some 200 yards below this house above mentioned one of the men found hanging to a sapling a new Federal overcoat, an Indian hunting-shirt, and some other articles of clothing, evidently belonging to the Pins that ran away from the house at the approach of our troops. The scouting party succeeded in securing two of their horses, which were brought in and, by order of the colonel commanding, were given to me who had no horses. Captain McDonel's company started soon this morning to Hilderbrand's Mill. Found the proprietor there running the mill. He has 300 bushels of wheat, 100 bushels of corn, and 600 pounds of flour in store, which was engaged for the army's use by order of the colonel commanding. Captain McDonel reports considerable wheat in the country in stacks in the fields, but necessarily more or less damaged from want of proper attention. He extended his reconnoitering down the Illinois River some 10 miles. Saw no sign of an enemy, the houses, with but few exceptions, having no inmates. Found in the woods the frame of a man, supposed to be a private belonging to Livingston's command, as one was shot there some time ago. Captains Doaks' and Forrester's companies arrived this evening at 6 p. m. from tahlequah, according to previous order, all well and in promising spirit. Our men in camp to-day were still busy repairing and mending up. Our horses are doing well, and our command is rapidly approaching efficiency in discipline and equipment. Our drill-master, Captain Degen, is indefatigable in his exertions to bring the regiment in perfect discipline by constant drill of both officers and soldiers, and it is worthy of note that officers and privates are priding themselves upon reaching that point of perfection which will lead them always in the front ranks in everything belonging to a soldier. No camp accident to note; all are doing well, and the day closes peacefully and pleasantly.

Tuesday, September 23.-Captain Stone left in command of 30 men for the purpose of thoroughly scouting the country from hence down Spring Creek and the country in the neighborhood of Grand Saline. We are anxious to hear of him, but the events of his scout will be recorded on another day. To-day Captains Forrester and Ervin and Messrs. Robinson and Wittington paid our camp a visit; found it so agreeable they concluded to remain all night. Captain Ross' squadron arrived to-day

