
from Tahlequah, together with the medical department, also the commissary and quartermaster. Captain Winfrey has not yet come in with his company broil at Fort Smith, but it is to be hoped that such is not the case, and that his command will soon arrive, with their captain at their head, all right. Captain Minhart has not yet returned from his scout, and the rumored fight with the Pins still lacks confirmation. Our camp has been a lively and an excited place all day from constant arrivals, and now that very company is in part represented it gives cheer and additional life to all. Orders were read on dress parade this evening for foot drill for both officers and soldiers to-morrow from 7.30 to 9 a. m. and for mounted drill from 3.30 to 5 p. m. Camp guard is regularly set, punishment for misdemeanor is rigidly enforced, and the officers are using all means in their power to make this the first and best regiment in the service. Details were made to-day to proceed to Fort Smith to procure ordnance and ordnance stores, consisting of guns, cartridge boxes, and belts, caps, powder, &amp;c., and if they return, as we are led to believe they will, with the requisitions filled, our regiment will not have an unarmed man in it. I am using every effort in my power to place my men on a war footing complete, and I now think I have my arrangements made to accomplish that end. No events of importance to chronicle. Weather still pleasantly warm and the health of the men good.

Wednesday, September 24.-The morning opened threatening rain, but toward noon it cleared off pleasantly. After early breakfast the hospital supplies, under charge of dr. Fields, left, with the convalescent Texas troops as guards, together with Captains I. G. Vore, Forrester, and our visiting friends of the day before. We heard from them 6 miles from here; getting along finely. Our men were busy in camp at various trades until 3 o'clock, when the men assembled on the parade ground for mounted drill and a grand review of the whole regiment. Our parade ground is an old field of about 40 acres, beautifully level, and carpeted with a turf of green grass. On the upper quarter and about midway of the field the Stars and Bars were flung to the breeze. On the right stood the colonel commanding and his staff. At the order, "Prepare for review," the field and staff offices took their proper position in the line, and the maneuver of the troops was creditable to both officers and men; it was a sight that would have done an old line good to witness. It brought back to the minds of the veterans times of actual service with the enemy, and it has given the men a stronger desire to meet and measure strength and valor with the enemy, and I am confident that when that time arrives the regiment will make its mark and receive the merited encomiums of their commanding officers. Captain Minhart arrived to-day at noon; found no enemy, and reports all below as quiet, and no cause for alarm; but the citizens of Tahlequah are uneasy at our command leaving their country, seeming to have but little confidence in the provost guards. Captain Stone came in this evening, having extended his scout as far as Joe Vann's near Grand Saline. Reports no enemy in sight, nor any that he could hear of from the people that he found at home. Mr. Vann says that captain Springton, of Delaware district, has left and gone over to the Federals. Captain Stone also says it is not possible to organize a provost guard company there for lack of material, most of the inhabitants having deserted the country. Of the people he found at home he reports them to be very friendly and well disposed; but it being impossible to procure guides and interpreters, the communication with the natives is limited

