
and unsatisfactory. Captain Minhart brought in with him four Pins, who voluntarily surrendered. He brought them to Park Hill and gave them in charge of Captain James Sanders. They are named respectively Alexander Ballard, Jesse Davis, and William Radcliff and Daniel Radcliff. Ballard is supposed to have been a member of Drew's regiment; the others are citizens of the country. He also brought in six horses, four of which were the property of the enemy and two belonged to the Ursery estate, but stolen but he Pins and recaptured by Minhart's command.

Most respectfully,

M. W. BUSTER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

[Colonel D. H. COOPER.?]

P. S.-Captain Minhart starts in the morning again with his command to be absent three or four days, and will join me as soon as through.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1862.-Action at Shirley's Ford, Spring River, Mo.

Report of Colonel John Ritchie, Second Indian Home Guard (Kansas).
HEADQUARTERS CAMP C. M. CLAY,On Cow Creek, September 21, 1862-11 a. m.

SIR: Yesterday morning, at about 8 o'clock, our picket guard was fired upon, and a regular stampede of 1,500 women and children crowded into camp for protection, making a Bull Run retreat. Everything seemed to partake of the spirit, but only a moment after orders were given every man was ready for any emergency. My infantry, or those who had no horses, mostly gave the war-whoop and rushed in the direction of the firing of the pickets, which were closely pursued. Soon after a most terrific fire was commenced, and resulted in the rout of the enemy. Soon I was informed that our forces were about to be surrounded. I immediately put out companies to avoid anything of that kind. After putting a suitable guard around our supply train and camp I marched to the scene of conflict. Before starting over I had ordered Major Wright to pass around, and if possible to surround the party. Upon arriving upon the battle ground I saw the enemy's flag waving, bidding us defiance, and that they were drawn up in line of battle. I ordered my infantry to conceal themselves in a ravine, and I would take a party of cavalry and try to drive them in close to the timber. Seeing Major Wright's party already in view, I took about 100 men and advanced near enough to draw them out, but no farther than to leave them upon high ground. I instantly ordered everything forward, and such another skedaddling could not have been beaten only by the women and children in the morning, and that only because they were more in number. I felt that everything depended upon our success, and was determined to drive them or die. We took and killed their flag-bearer and took their vile flag; killed 2 officers certain, and can count 20 of their dead. We slept upon the battle ground, and at sunrise this morning marched to this point, where I had ordered my train. At the same time ordered a company to bring in their of cattle.

