
Our loss in killed is from 12 to 20, including Captain George Scraper, of Company H, who fell bravely at the head of his men, and 9 wounded. Two negro teamsters and 1 six-mule team were taken while out foraging.

Taking all the circumstances connected with my command I cannot close this report without feeling grateful to God for his goodness in our means, faith, and works. Do send us supplies and re-enforcements. Again I ask you to send me artillery. I could have made good use of it yesterday. Papers show that Irwin's and Jackman's men wee in the rebel force; others show Stand Waite's and Livingston's, but nothing reliable as to who they are. Their force has been estimated at from 300 to 4,000.

If I am thought incompetent to defend my Indians for God's sake have me removed, as I do not intend to resign in the face of the enemy. As Colonel Corwin and Major Wright have both resigned, see that their places are filled at the earliest possible moment. You can get us supplies here before we suffer if you use due diligence, and this humanity calls for.

I am, general, your humble servant,

JOHN RITCHIE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Indian Regiment and Detachment.

General JAMES G. BLUNT.

SEPTEMBER 23, 1862.-Skirmish with Indians at Wood Lake, near Yellow Medicine, Minn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel William R. Marshal, Seventh Minnesota Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, U. S. Army.

WOOD LAKE, NEAR YELLOW MEDICINE, MINN.,

September 23, 1862.

SIR: I left the camp at Fort Ridgely on the 19th instant with my command and reached this point early on the afternoon of the 22nd instant. There have been small parties of Indians each day in plain sight, evidently acting as scouts for the main body. This morning I had determined to cross the Yellow Medicine River, about 3 miles distant, and there await the arrival of Captain Rogers' company of the Seventh Regiment, which was ordered by me from New Ulm to join me by a forced march, the presence of the company there being rendered necessary by the arrival of another company a few days previously. About 7 o'clock this morning the camp was attacked by about 300 Indians, who suddenly made their appearance and dashed down toward us whooping and yelling in their usual style and firing with great rapidity. The Renville Guards, under Lieutenant Gorman, was sent by me to check them, and Major Welch, of the Third Regiment, was instantly in line with his command, his skirmishers in the

