
that it be attacked to the copy of my report which has been sent to Headquarters of the Army.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General Thomas C. Hindman, C. S. Army, of operations May 31-November 3, 1862.

RICHMOND, VA., June 19, 1863.

GENERAL: Heretofore it has been impracticable for me to make any connected report of my services as commander of the Trans-Mississippi District. Such a report is therefore submitted at this time.

I was ordered to that district by General G. T. Beauregard, commanding the Western Department, which included the country beyond the Mississippi. His orders to me were as follows:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 59. Corinth, Miss., May 26, 1862.

Major General T. C. Hindman is relieved from duty in this army, and, at the earnest solicitation of the people of Arkansas, is assigned to the command of the forces in that State and the Indian country or that hereafter may come within their limits. He is charged with their defense, and is fully authorized and empowered to organize their troops under the act of April 16, 1862, entitled "An act to further provide for the public defense." The general commanding parts with this gallant officer, whose actions in the field have been so valuably rendered, with sincere regret. He does so at the urgent request of his own people, who so greatly need and justly value his services at this juncture.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

[Extract.]

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 60.Corinth, Miss., May 27, 1862.

* * * * *

V. Major-General Hindman's command will be designated as the Trans-Mississippi District, and will comprise the following territory, to wit: The States of Missouri and Arkansas, and that portion of the State of Louisiana north of Red River, and the Indian Territory.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

When these orders were received I commanded a division in General Bragg's corps at Corinth. It was the largest division in the entire army, composed almost wholly of veteran troops, and could not fail to distinguish the officer who might lead it in battle. I relinquished this command reluctantly as a soldier in obedience to my superior, but under the impression that I might be more useful in the new field assigned me.

In the existing condition of things General Beauregard could not spare me a soldier, a gun, a pound of powder, nor a single dollar of money. However at Memphis, which was then being evacuated, I obtained from Government officers and agents 35 Enfield rifles, 400

---------------

*For Curtis' reply, January 2, 1863, see p. 932.

---------------

