
their comrades the perils of the field. To Lieutenant-Colonel Fowler, my assistant adjutant-general, I have been greatly indebted for aid in all my movements, his military knowledge and ability being invaluable to me, and his assistance in to-day's affair particularly so. To Major Forbes, Messrs. Patch, Greig, and McLeod, of my staff, who carried my orders, i must also acknowledge myself under obligations for their activity and zeal; while to Major Brown, also of my staff, although suffering from illness, it would be injustice not to state that he aided me materially. The medical staff of the several regiments were cool and expert in rendering their professional aid to the wounded. Assistant-Surgeon Seigneuret, attached to my staff, is to be commenced for his skill and diligence.

I am very much in want of bread rations, 6-pounder ammunition, and shells for the howitzer; and unless soon supplied I shall be obliged to fall back, which under present circumstances would be a calamity, as it would afford time for the escape of the Indians with their captives. I hope a large body of cavalry is before this on their way to join me. If I had been provided with 500 of this description of force to-day I venture the assertion that I could have killed the greater portion of the Indians and brought the campaign to a successful close.

Rev. Mr. Riggs, chaplain of the expedition, so well known for his knowledge of the character and language of the Indians, has been of the greatest service to me since he joined my command.

I inclose the official report of Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall. I omitted to mention Lieutenant Gorman and his corps of Renville Rangers. They have been extremely useful to me by their courage and skill as skirmishers. Captain Hendricks and his artillerists won deserved praise to-day, and Captain Sterrett, with his small but gallant cavalry, only 27 in number, did good service also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

His Excellency ALEXANDER RAMSEY, Saint Paul, Minn.

[Explanatory note.]

SAINT PAUL, MINN., November 18, 1865.

The foregoing dispatch was addressed to the Governor of Minnesota, under whose authority I was acting as colonel commanding the expeditionary forces against the hostile Sioux Indians. Major-General Pope had been assigned to the general command in the Department of the Northwest prior to the battle of Wood Lake, but I had not yet received the order requiring me to report to him which reached me subsequently.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William R. Marshall, Seventh Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Wood Lake, Minn., September 23, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Seventh Regiment (five companies) in the engagement with the Indians

