
this morning. Immediately after he first alarm was given the men were formed on company grounds to await orders. These soon came, and the battalion marched to the support of the gun (6-pounder) served by Captain Hendricks on the right, on north side of camp. Captain Gilfillan, with Company H, of the Seventh, was on guard. He was ordered to place half his men in the rifle pits (dug for the protection of camp), and to advance the others as skirmishers on the extreme right. I lengthened my line to the right of the gun, and somewhat in advance, facing the ravine occupied by the Indians. Gradually advancing the line, the men keeping close to the ground and firing as they crawled forward, I gained a good position from which to charge the Indians. Here we were joined by Captain Grant's company, of the Sixth Regiment, and charged, successfully dislodging the Indians. Leaving two companies with the gun I pursued with the rest beyond the ravine until recalled by your order.

The following are the casualties in my command:

Private Charles Frink, Company A, killed; Sergt. C. C. Chapman, Company B, wounded by gunshot in the wrist; Private Charles Billings, Company B, wounded by gunshot in the thigh; Private John Ober, Company G, bruised in foot by a spent ball.

Shortly after our return to camp we were ordered out to prevent the Indians recovering the bodies of their dead in the ravine. With Captain Hendricks' gun again advanced to the edge of the ravine, we gathered up 6 bodies, which with 1 brought in before made 7 of the enemy's dead brought in by my command. All, both officers and men, behaved admirably; commands were promptly obeyed; not a man flinched under fire. Captain Hendricks and men under my immediate notice, if not strictly under my command, behaved handsomely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment Minn. Vols.

Colonel H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding Indian Expedition.

NOTE.-There was in this action companies A, B, F, G, and H, all of the regiment that was in this expedition.

SEPTEMBER 23-24, 1862.-Expedition to Eureka, Boone County, Mo.

Report of Major Frank J. White, Second Battalion Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL CENTRAL DIVISION OF MISSOURI,

Jefferson City, Mo., September 22 [?], 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report in obedience to orders received from you, on the 23rd instant I took command of a detachment, consisting of Company E, Thirteenth Regiment Missouri State Militia, commanded by Captain Maus; a detail of 10 men and one 6-pounder howitzer from Captain Wachsman's battery, commanded by Lieutenant Bird, and 15 Enrolled Militia, under command of Captain Madden, my whole force consisting of 65 mounted men and one gun. I proceeded by boat to Hibernia, on the Missouri River, and at 10 p. m. started

