
on a forced march in the direction of Eureka, Boone County, where a rebel force was said to be encamped. After proceeding a few miles I received intelligence from some Union men who had been driven from their homes that a band of bushwhackers, headed by one Captain Nevins, had been committing gross outrages in the neighborhood, plundering the homes of Union men and threatening their lies. One of my informants, a man of advanced years, had been taken by them the night previous. A rope was put around his neck for the purpose of hanging him, but the bushwhackers were frightened away by some noise in the vicinity before they accomplished the murder. I at once sent squads of my men hunting for these rebels in various directions. At break of day Captain Nevins was captured in the vicinity of Eureka with his arms upon his person. He wore a mask when captured, and had ordered his men to disperse in the brush upon getting intelligence of my approach. Among his papers was found his oath of allegiance, taken in Jefferson City, October 23, 1861, before Brigadier-General Price. I ordered a drum-head court-martial for his trial. The prisoner pleaded guilty to the charge of bush whacking and violating his oath of allegiance and was condemned to be shot to death, all the officers in my command concurring int he sentence. I sent a detail of my men over the country, with orders to arrest and bring into my camp all rebel sympathizers of the vicinity, in order that they might witness the execution. At noon of the 24th instant the sentence was carried into effect and the house of the prisoner burned to the ground. Being satisfied, from all the evidence brought me, that I was in a section of the country where a perfect reign of terror had been instituted by the lawless marauders lurking in the brush, and deeming a terrible example necessary for the protection of Union men and the prevention of similar outrages in the future, I ordered all the houses belonging to men of Captain Nevins' gang to be burned to ashes, and placed under arrest the citizens of the vicinity who openly avowed their rebel sentiments. The evidence upon which I destroyed the houses was furnished by Captain Nevins, who gave me, before his execution, the names of his men who were then in the brush, and who had been committing under his leadership the outrages for which he suffered. His statement was further corroborated by responsible witnesses. I then proceeded in the direction of Lindsey's Mill, where I discovered a recently abandoned camp. After scouting thoroughly over the country lying between Eureka, Bloomfield, Claysville,and Cedar Creek I returned to Hibernia, having marched 80 miles in twenty-two hours, and having arrested all the prominent rebels along my line of march.

Very respectfully,

F. J. WHITE,

Major and Prov. March General, Central Div. of Missouri.

Colonel F. L. CRAWFORD, Commanding Sub-District of Cole Co., Mo.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1862.-Skirmish with Indians at Fort Abercrombie, Dak.

Report of Captain Emil A. Burge, commanding Fort Abercrombie, Dak.
HEADQUARTERS ABERCROMBIE, DAK.,September 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that on Friday last, September 26, 1862, a party of Indians attacked this post at about 7.30 o'clock

