
a. m., but where repulsed by the garrison. One of the teamsters, John Winsinger, of Saint Cloud, was mortally wounded in the abdomen and died next night. The Indians are supposed to have lost from 6 to 8 of their warriors. When the savages commenced to retreat I sent Captain Freeman, with his company of cavalry and a detachment of the Third Regiment Minnesota Volunteers, on the Dakota side of the Red River, with orders to scour the woods on that side, cross the river about 4 miles above the fort, and proceed on the Minnesota side toward the fort; at the same time I had Captain Barret's company cross the river on the ferry at the fort, with orders to skirmish through the woods on the Minnesota side toward the place where Captain Freeman's company was going to cross the river, so encircling and Indians that had not left the woods.

The expedition returned about dark the same day, reporting that the Indians had escaped before they could approach them, but that they had found their whole camp equipage, blankets, &amp;c., and burned them. Some of the articles found in the Indian camp were recognized by people at the fort as belonging to inhabitants of Georgetown, and it is therefore supposed that that place been plundered by the savages and the inhabitants murdered. Since Friday nothing of importance has occurred. Now and then some Indians will make their appearance, but they have not dared to make another attack.

I have the honor to be,sir,with great respect, your obedient servant,

EMIL A. BURGE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

His Excellency ALEXANDER RAMSEY, Saint Paul, Minn.

P. S.-The Indians attacked us to-night, wounding 1 man, a teamster by the name of Frederick Blazer, of Saint Paul. As soon as I had a few shells thrown into the woods they ran away. Camp-fires can be seen at a distance of about 3 to 4 miles toward Wild Rice River, and I expect another skirmish to-morrow morning.

Dr. Keith returns by this train. I would be glad to have him come back with the next expedition.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1862.-Skirmish near Cambridge, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Odon Guitar.
HEADQUARTERS,Columbia, Mo., September 30, 1862.

I have just received a dispatch from Glasgow, advising me of the killing of Lieutenant Pinhard, Company E, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, also 2 privates of the same company, and the serious wounding of 2 others. The company was fired upon by a concealed foe from the brush while on a scout near Cambridge, Saline County. The woods were promptly scoured by the company, but the assassins made their escape, leaving 2 horses and 2 guns behind. I regret deeply the loss of Lieutenant Pinhard. A braver or more gallant officer is not to be found in the Federal service.

Advices to-day induce me to think the purpose of concentrating rebel bands in Perche and Monitoro Hills has been postponed or abandoned. I have information from Fulton Landing to the conclusion that a considerable rebel force is concentrating on the Auxvasse, near

