
Moore's Mill. I ordered Major White, who had crossed over from Jefferson City with 150 men and two pieces of artillery, and who was at Millersburg, Callaway County, this morning to join Krekel at Fulton, and Krekel to move with his whole force upon the rebels at once. I am awaiting developments, and will strike the moment the iron is hot. I am pressing forward the organization of the militia. Have five companies organized and sworn in. three of them are splendid will do good service. Shall be able to organize at least three other companies. My opinion is the rebel programme is to disperse and cross in small squads. I am waiting anxiously for the arrival of the two companies from Glasgow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GEORGE M. HOUSTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 26, 1862.-Expeditions from Helena, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain James t. Drummond, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Major Thomas W. Scudder, Fifth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain James T. Drummond, Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

CAMP FOURTH IOWA CAVALRY,

Near Helena, Ark., September 27, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters of the 26th instant I started, at 8.30 a. m. of said date with my detachment, composed of two squadrons of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry and four squadrons of the First Missouri Cavalry. We moved to the northwest, passing our pickets at the station on the Skinnerville road, and thence striking a road to La grange. Proceeding on the La Grange road the distance of 1 1/2 miles, I ordered Lieutenant Dorsey, of the First Missouri Cavalry, to take two squadrons from said regiment and march up a road diverging to the west until it intersected a road known as the Paradise road, when eh was to proceed east on the Paradise road and form a junction with the rest of the detachment. I also ordered Lieutenant Burnett, of the First Missouri Cavalry, to move from the same point with two squadrons of said regiment on a road leading east to the Helena and Saint Francis road; thence along the latter road to La Grange. I then proceeded with the remainder of my command on the direct road to La Grande. I heard of some small parties of guerrillas in advance of the retreating, but arrived at La Grange without encountering any of the enemy. Lieutenant Burnett, with his detachment, arrived at the same time, and the lieutenant reported that soon after striking the Saint Francis road he ascertained that Major Anderson, with 60 or 80 of his men, was pushing up the road in advance of him. I immediately started with my command in pursuit, moving up the Saint Francis road. Arriving at the plantation of Mr. Dick Anderson, 1 1/2 miles north of La Grange, we captured a horse, saddle, and equipments complete. The horse was branded "U. S.," had on a McClellan saddle and United States Government equipments.

