
no doubt but that we could have annihilated the enemy if he had appeared in time and on the proper road.

Our loss in the afternoon was very small. That of the enemy must be heavy, since our artillery fired from an elevated ground into their thick masses.

It gives me pleasure to say that our troops behaved nobly. Colonel Weer, commanding the Second Brigade, is entitled to my thinks for his conduct before, during, and after the battle.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Brigade Kansas Volunteers.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Infantry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, ARMY OF KANSAS,Sarcoxie, Mo., October 1, 1862-7 p. m.

Yours of the 29th and 30th ultimo received. I send, as requested, a messenger, via Lamar, to inform you that we are encamped at this place with my own and Salomon's brigades. East of us 6 miles are some 1,800 Missouri troops. Your nearest and best route from Lamar would be by Bower's Mill. We were fighting all day yesterday. Our loss considerable; exact extent not yet known. The fight was at Newtonia, and brought on by a detached party attacking the enemy some thousands strong. Four whole companies of the Ninth Wisconsin, except about 10 men, are killed, wounded, or captured, besides others of the Sixth and Ninth Kansas and Third Indian. Our main body did not reach the field until afternoon, when we renewed the fight with artillery. The Sixth Kansas, on our right, drove back some Texas regiments trying to outflank us, and Phillips' regiment had a warm encounter on our left, where a determined effort was made by the enemy to get in our rear. Here Captain Webber, of the Third Indian, was killed and Major Foreman wounded. What damage was done the enemy is not satisfactorily known. It is believed to be heavier than our own in killed and wounded. We got no prisoners. There is every reason to believe that Rains re-enforced them during the day. We have fallen back to this point, where General Salomon is awaiting an attack. I would suggest that a portion, where General Salomon is awaiting an attack. I would suggest that a portion of the cavalry coming down the take the road here by Carthage, scouting the country as they advance. Stand Watie and Indians were in the fight yesterday. The enemy's force is estimated at from 5,000 to 11,000. They evidently outnumbered us largely, and have six pieces of cannon, which they managed admirably.

Yours,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas.

