
Sarcoxie to Newtonia or until I could learn something about General Salomon's movements or intentions. We reached the road leading from Sarcoxie to Newtonia at about 8 miles' distance from newtonia at about 4 p. m. of said 30th ultimo. Here we came upon some stragglers belonging to Salomon's command. From them I learned that General Salomon and Colonel Weer, with their brigades, had marched toward Newtonia; that about 400 men belonging to General Salomon's command had made the attack in the morning on the enemy's forces (about 8,000 strong) at Newtonia, and that General Salomon and Colonel Weer had marched down to their relief. At the time we reached the road from Sarcoxie to Newtonia firing from artillery was heard by me again at or near Newtonia, which told me that General Salomon had with his forces reached Newtonia. It was about as far from our camp to where we struck the Sarcoxie road as from Sarcoxie to Newtonia. We marched from the last-mentioned place where we came into the Sarcoxie road to Newtonia with all possible dispatch. We reached the battle-field about sunset. General Salomon, on the battle-field, requested me to cover his retreat with my brigade. General Salomon's troops were retreating in great confusion. The enemy in force were advancing to attack the rear of General Salomon's column. His rear must have been captured and destroyed but for the timely arrival of your brigade. I drew up your brigade in line of battle in front of the enemy and between the enemy and the retreating force of Brigadier-General Salomon. The enemy, seeing my disposition, drew up in line of battle and commenced firing their artillery at my line. I ordered Lieutenant Marr, in command of Captain Murphy's company of the First Missouri Artillery, to open fire upon the enemy, which was obeyed in a prompt and efficient manner.

The troops of your brigade acted with great coolness and courage on the field and during the retreat. About dark the enemy withdrew their forces from the field. Having secured the retreat of the forces of General Salomon I drew off the men under my command.

Our only casualty was 1 man* badly wounded by the bursting of the enemy's shell.

General Salomon's troops scattered from near the battle-field to Sarcoxie. I saw them all safely back to Sarcoxie. I there, on the next morning, met General Salomon. He declined renewing the attack on the enemy. It therefore became my duty to march my brigade back to Centre Creek to protect the train. I arrived at the camp at about 10 a. m. of this 1st instant. I found everything safe.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cav., Missouri State Militia, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel William r. Judson, Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

[No date.]

On the morning of the 30th, in pursuance of orders, I detailed 300 men and officers from my regiment and proceeded in the direction of

---------------

*Of the Third Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

---------------

