
Newtonia, and, after having traveled about 10 miles on that road, met a small party of Colonel Lynde's and Colonel Salomon's regiments, with two pieces of Captain Stockton's battery and 2 howitzers, in full retreat before the enemy, who informed me that Colonel Lynde, with a part of his regiment and Captain Mefford's company of the Sixth were surrounded by the enemy.

I soon came to where appeared to have been a slight skirmish; counted some 10 killed and wounded, who were completely stripped of their clothing and left lying in the hot sun. They day was very hot and sultry. Took 1 prisoner. There we caught the first glimpse of the enemy and followed him to the prairie, where he formed his line of battle 3 miles out from newtonia on the Sarcoxie road. I at once ordered my men into line, and directed Lieutenant Benedict to bring hi mountain howitzers into position on the gallop; then threw a few shells, and the enemy fell back. My men followed them with a shout to the town, where the lieutenant again commenced shelling them, when the enemy opened his battery upon us within short range with three guns, using shell and round shot pretty freely. Here Lieutenant Phillips had his horse killed under him by a round shot. To get out of range, the howitzers being too light to reply successfully, I ordered my men to retire to a bluff about 1 mile to the enemy's front, and immediately sent a courier back to General Salomon, informing him of the enemy's position and asking for re-enforcements. This was about 10 o'clock a. m., and at about 2 o'clock p. m. colonel Phillips arrived with his Indian regiment, much to our gratification, having held the enemy (7,000 strong) in check four hours by continually skirmishing with them, notwithstanding the heavy cannonading we received from him. At about 3.30 the balance of the command arrived.

The portion of the enemy that I attacked were Texas regiments, well armed, that had been selected on purpose to follow our retreating force, and if possible capture our artillery, which was then in full retreat, as at that time there was but little support for it.

My command, officers and men, behaved with great coolness and bravery. The only trouble I had was to keep them at what I considered a proper distance from the enemy.

W. R. JUDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 5. Report of Edward Lynde, Ninth Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. NINTH KANSAS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Sarcoxie, Mo., October 1, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with your verbal orders I left camp at this place on the morning of the 29th of September, 1862, accompanied by Majors Bancroft and Pomeroy and four companies of the regiment, viz: Company D, Captain Coleman; Company E, Captain Flesher; Company F, commanded by Lieutenant Spencer; Company H, Captain Killen, and two howitzers, under command of Lieutenant Opdyke, of Company F, and proceeded in the direction of Newtonia, feeling my way. At a distance of 8 miles from our camp we commended driving in the pickets of the enemy. Arrived on the prairie in front of the town, our farther advance was disputed by a strong picket guard stationed in and around

