
front against rash odds and resisting the desperate attempts of the enemy to overwhelm them. Deeming it impossible to take the town by storm with my small force, numbering barely 500, and observing the enemy firing signal rockets from their guns into the air, I ordered the command to retire, which was done in good order until we reached the high ground adjoining the timber. Before reaching that point, however, reports were brought to me that large bodies of re-enforcements of the enemy were seen arriving from the southeast as well as the west. I now observed the enemy swarming from their concealed positions in the town to harass our retreat. One regiment or more, said to be under the command of Colonel Cooper, coming up on our rear, another body as large on our right flank through the corn field, the artillery was again brought into position, and the ranks of the enemy were mowed down with great slaughter. We continued to retire, forming and reforming, for the infantry to pass the cavalry and reload; the artillery on arriving at the woods having been ordered in the advance, under cover of Company F, Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. The enemy, having recovered from their shock, commenced a flank movement on our right and left in overwhelming numbers. At this point the fire of the enemy was terrific. The Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry were armed with revolvers and sabers only, while the enemy were armed with long-range guns. Here Major Bancroft, assisted by Major Pomeroy, of the Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and Captain Mefford, of the Sixth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, as well as the Ninth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, made a gallant stand, but were overpowered by numbers and obliged to retreat.

The officers in general are entitled to praise for the heroic manner in which they conducted themselves and the soldiers are worthy of all praise for the determined manner in which they resisted the repeated assaults of the enemy. Our loss I am unable to give, as no reports have been made to me. The loss of the enemy must have been far greater than ours. I estimate their loss at 300 killed and wounded.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

E. LYNDE,

Colonel, Commanding.

General SALOMON.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Jacobi, Ninth Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP, NEAR SARCOXIE, MO., October 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as follows:

On September 29 last I received orders from your headquarters to proceed with the following command toward Newtonia, to wit: Companies D and G, of Ninth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, 100 men; three pieces of Captain Stockton's battery; detachment of Captain Mefford's company, Sixth Kansas Cavalry, 45 men, and third Indian Home Guards, 50 men, with instructions to ascertain the whereabouts of Colonel Lynde, Ninth Kansas Cavalry, our reconnoitering party, to re-enforce him, if necessary, or to reconnoiter the position of the enemy near Newtonia, and to ascertain his strength, position, and number of artillery. I left camp with my command at 3 p. m. and met Colonel Lynde 3 miles from it, on his way to camp. Circumstances, in

