
my opinion, authorized me to proceed toward Newtonia, about 15 miles from here. About 3 miles from camp I struck a belt of timber about 6 miles in width. Having thrown out flankers I carefully marched on, and reached Ritchie's farm before dark, about 3 1/2 miles this side of Newtonia, where I encamped. At 11 p. m. Companies H and E, Ninth Wisconsin, arrived to re-enforce me. Shortly before daylight I resumed march, instructing advance guard and flankers (the Indian Home Guards) to halt in case they should discover the enemy's pickets and to await further orders. For the purpose of gaining more accurate information of the situation of the country by personal observation I went a short distance ahead of the advance guard, passed the timber, and, entering the prairie, I discovered the enemy's pickets on a ridge about 1 miles and over from Newtonia. I then ordered my command to hail in the timber, to conceal its strength, and proceeded to reconnoiter the enemy's position, and soon discovered that the main body of the same was encamped in the village of Newtonia. A strong picket of the enemy was posted in corn field in a northeasterly direction from the village at a distance of about one-half mile. I ordered Captain mefford, with his detachment of the Sixth Kansas Cavalry, to proceeded around the edge of the timber far enough to intercept the pickets, if possible. It is but justice to say that Captain Mefford executed his orders with promptness, proving himself to be a gallant soldier and an efficient officer. The men under his command also deserve credit for their good conduct and bravery. By that time the enemy learned of our approach from the routed pickets, closely pursued by Captain Mefford within a short distance from camp. Having re-enforced Captain Mefford by the detachment of Indian Home Guards, I ordered the infantry, under the command of Captain Hesse, to advance and take possession of the ground north of the village, a short distance from it, and sheltered by trees. The artillery, under command of Lieutenant Hadley, I ordered to rapidly advance and take position on an eminence in a northwesterly direction from the village. At that time Colonel Lynde, with the Ninth Kansas Cavalry, arrived on the ground and assumed command of the expedition.

Before closing I must state that Lieutenant Hadley, commanding the artillery, promptly executed orders, and that Captain Hesse, commanding detachment of Ninth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, fully sustained his reputation as an officer, and that the officers and men under his command, I am proud to say, vindicated the fair name of the Ninth Wisconsin.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

ARTHUR JACOBI,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Brigadier-General SALOMON,

Commanding Troops near Sarcoxie, Mo.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Job B. Stockton, commanding Battery.

IN CAMP, NEAR SARCOXIE, MO., October 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: At 4 p. m. September 29 I received orders from General Salomon to send the left half of my battery, under charge of a lieutenant,

