
war-whoop, and under my personal direction at once engaged the enemy under a heavy fire from artillery and infantry. Colonel Shelby's Missouri regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon commanding, had in the mean time arrived on the field and taken position on the right, flanking the enemy. That, with the charge of the Choctaws, soon drove them from the town and put them to flight, followed by Lieutenant-Colonel Walker and his men.

At this moment Colonel Stevens' regiment from Granby appeared on our left, and having received orders to charge the enemy, moved forward rapidly and arrived in time to participate in the pursuit. Lieutenant-Colonel gordon, not being aware that Colonel Stevens was in that direction, mistook his for a Federal regiment. perceiving this, my son (Dr. Cooper) and my aide (Lieutenant Heiston) were sent by different routes to inform him that it was one of our own regiments, when he again moved forward. The delay occasioned by this mistake alone enabled the Federals to get off the field with their batteries and the remnant of their troops. The enemy now fled in confusion from the field, closely followed by our troops, the Choctaws in the center, the Missourians on the right, and Stevens' regiment on the left. We captured a number of prisoners and strewed the woods and road with dead and wounded. Large numbers of arms were also captured, thrown away by the enemy in their flight. The enemy's infantry (Ninth Wisconsin) were nearly all destroyed, being either killed or taken prisoners. The pursuit continued near 6 miles, when the enemy, meeting heavy re-enforcements, rallied his broken columns and again returned to the field.

I had in the mean time been re-enforced by Colonel Jeans' Missouri cavalry and Captain Howell's four-gun battery, which took position at the grave-yard on the north side of the town, the enemy occupying the elevated ridge 1 mile north. His force was greatly superior to ours. His artillery consisted of three batteries, which soon opened upon us, and was ably replied to by Captain Howell, who sustained their concentrated fire during the afternoon engagement, never abandoning a position except when ordered to do so. The men handled their guns with the greatest coolness and celerity. He lost many of his horses and some of his men; among them Serg. Felix S. Heiston, who was particularly distinguished for his bravery and soldier-like bearing. He was killed at his gun by a cannon-ball. Stevens' and Jeans' regiments were ordered to attack the enemy's cavalry on their right, assisted by Bledsoe's battery. At this time a large body of men were seen coming in our our left and rear, which proved to be Colonel Folsom,w ho had been ordered up from Scott's Mill. Colonel Stevens was ordered to reconnoiter and ascertain who they were. Colonel Stevens was ordered to reconnoiter and ascertain who they were. In the mean time a few shots from Bledsoe's battery, supported by Gordon's cavalry, dispersed the enemy's cavalry, who were threatening our left on the Granby road.

About this time the enemy had sent unperceived two regiments of Pin Indians and jayhawkers upon my right, supported by masses of infantry. They obtained possession of some bushes and stone fencing on the spring branch below the mill. Their object was to turn my right, where the Choctaws were posted. Just at this time Colonel Folsom's Choctaw regiment arrived, and by passing through a corn field succeeded unperceived in getting very close to the enemy on our right. The engagement soon became general between the two Choctaw regiments and the jayhawkers and hostile Indians. At the same time the enemy opened all his batteries, under cover of which he advanced

