
blocks of infantry to the support of those regiments which had been previously sent to my right. The battle was now raging in all parts of the field. Their masses of infantry could be plainly seen advancing in perfect order, with guns and bayonets glittering in the sun. The booming of cannon, the bursting of shells, the air filled with missiles of every description, the rattling crash of small-arms, the cheering of our men, and the war-whoop of our Indian allies, all combined to render the scene both grand and terrific.

Seeing the enemy's infantry advancing at double-quick to re-enforce their left, I at once ordered Captain Howell to send two of his guns to take position in the corn field and shell the enemy out before their infantry could arrive. This was soon effected and the enemy fleeing from the field. At the same time the other guns under Lieutenant Routh were turned upon his advancing columns and on the jayhawkers and Pin Indians, who had been thrown in advance, but were now in full flight. Lieutenant-Colonel Buster, with his battalion, now arrived, and throwing out on the right the two Choctaw regiments and Colonel Stevens' regiment, on the left Colonels Jeans' and Gordon's Missouri regiments and Hawpe's Texas regiment, placing Colonel Alexander's regiment and Buster's battalion with the artillery in the center, the enemy was pursued over the prairie a distance of 3 miles to the timber.

By this time it was night. The enemy had planted a battery so as to command the road and as we approached opened on us, but owing to the darkness did little execution. Getting the direction from the flash of the guns, Captain Howell was ordered into battery and threw a few shells into them, fired somewhat at random, but which it was afterward ascertained exploded among them, killing a number of men and horses. They now fled in confusion, leaving the road, passing through fields and woods, and abandoning loaded wagons by the way wedged between trees. Their flight continued until they reached Sarcoxie, Jasper County, a distance of 12 miles. The engagement lasted from sunup until dark, with the exception of an interval of two hours. The enemy's force in this engagement, from the best information, derived from Federal sources, amounted to from 6,000 to 7,000 men, with eighteen pieces of cannon, while our own force did not exceed 4,000 men during any part of the day, with only six pieces of cannon.

The thanks of the country are due the troops engaged in this battle for the bravery and coolness displayed in the face of an enemy greatly their superior in numbers. Of the officers it is enough to say that all, with a few exceptions, did their duty.

It is difficult to particularize where each seemed to vie with the other in deeds of bravery; but I cannot close this report without mentioning the gallant bearing of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, of the First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment. He was always found at the head of his regiment in the thickest of the fight, encouraging his men by his words and actions. He remained on horseback during the whole day and escaped unhurt. My acknowledgments are also due to Colonels Alexander and Hawpe, and to Lieutenant-Colonel Lewellyn and Major Stone of Stevens' Texas regiment, and to Colonel [B. G.] Jeans and Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon of the Missouri Brigade, and Major Bryan, of the Cherokee Battalion, for the coolness and courage displayed by them on the field wherever duty called them, and to Lieutenant-Colonel buster, who arrived by forced marches from Maysville in time to participate in the pursuit.

