
Colonel Shelby was left in command at Camp Coffee, and deserves great credit for his promptness in sending re-enforcements and guarding the camp from and apprehended attack of the enemy. Captain John Wallis, Colonel Stevens' regiment, was severely wounded while charging the enemy at the head of his company, but his wound is not considered dangerous. Captain Duncan, of Colonel Hawpe's regiment, lost a leg in the engagement while gallantly charging the enemy. Much praise is also due Captain Martin Folsom, of the First Choctaw Regiment, for the distinguished bravery shown by him in the engagement in the corn field. We have to mourn his loss, which will be severely felt by his regiment. He was wounded late in the day and has since died. Captain William B. Pitchlynn, of the First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, also behaved with distinguished gallantry. My acknowledgments are also due Captain Crisp, of Colonel Coffee's Missouri regiment, and to Lieutenant Colonel John Henderson, of the Missouri State Guard (General Rains' staff), who reported to me on the field, for the valuable services rendered in carrying orders, in leading troops, and placing them in position. My son, Dr. D. J. Cooper, of the First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, was constantly with me, and rendered efficient service on the field. The artillery of Captains Howell and bledsoe was admirably handled, and much credit is due those offices for the efficiency of their batteries.

Of my personal staff I can speak in the highest raise. They behaved with their usual coolness and courage. Captain J. W. Wells, my adjutant-general, was left at the camp in the morning, a battle not then being expected, and afterward assisted Colonel Shelby in forwarding re-enforcements. He joined me before the evening engagement and rendered valuable services during the action. Lieutenant C. H. Tiner and my aide, Lieutenant T. B. Heiston, were also conspicuous for their gallantry and courage, and rendered efficient service. To Capts. J. W. Coarser and F. W. Miner my acknowledgments are also due for valuable services rendered during the battle in bearing orders.

The medical staff, under the direction of Dr. J. G. Russell, were prompt in their attention to the wounded. Not only our own but those of the enemy were removed from the field and had the same care shown them as our own.

Referring to the accompanying report for a list of the killed and wounded, I am, general, very respectfully,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES S. RAINS,

Mo., S. G., Commanding Army in the Field, Camp at Elkhorn, Ark.

