
Return of Casualties in Cooper's division in the engagement at Newtonia, Mo., September 30, 1862.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Agg

 cers	 sted	 cers	 sted	 cers	 sted	 reg

 .	 men.	 .	 men.	 . 	 men.	 ate

 	 	 	 	 	 	 .

First Cherokee	 ...	 ...	 ...	 3	 ...	 ...	 3

Battalion.

First Choctaw	 1	 2	 ...	 6	 ...	 ...	 9

Regiment.

First Choctaw and	 1	 2	 1	 8	 ...	 1	 13

Chickasaw.

Alexander's	 ...	 ...	 2	 7	 ...	 ...	 9

regiment.

Jeans' regiment.	 ...	 ...	 ...	 2	 ...	 1	 3

Hawpe's regiment.	 ...	 ...	 4	 9	 ...	 ...	 13

Shelby's regiment.	 ...	 4	 3	 8	 ...	 ...	 15

Stevens' regiment.	 ...	 1	 3	 6	 ...	 1	 11

Howell's battery.	 ...	 1	 ...	 1	 ...	 ...	 2

Total.	 2	 10	 13	 50	 ...	 3	 78

Numbers 9. Report of Major J. M. Bryan, First Cherokee Battalion.

OCTOBER 13, 1862.

COLONEL: I herewith submit report of the battle at Newtonia, Mo.:

Early in the morning on September 29 last the enemy made their appearance about 1 1/2 miles north of the town, fired a few rounds of small artillery, and retired north.

On the morning of the 30th the enemy again made their appearance on the prairie north of Newtonia and taken [took] their position within cannon-range about 7 a. m., and immediately opened on the town with eight or nine pieces of artillery, consisting of 6 and 12 pounders. their line of battle was formed about 1 1/4 miles from the Confederate force in town. The bombardment continued from this point or position for one hour or more. They then advanced on the town and taken [took] second position within 600 yards of the center of town and of the Confederate position within 600 yards of the center of town and of the Confederate forces, and opened on us with ball, shell, grape, and canister shot. The town up to this time and some time after was defended by Captain Bledsoe's battery of two guns, Colonel Hawpe's regiment, and Major Bryan's battalion. Hawpe's regiment and Bryan's battalion did not number at that time more than 500 men.

About this time Colonel Cooper arrived and directed the defense and attack until the close of the battle. The above Confederate forces defended Newtonia for more than two hours, until re-enforcements arrived from Colonel Cooper's headquarters, some 5 miles distant. The left wing of the enemy bore down and attacked us in the town, but were soon routed and driven back; charged in the center by the Choctaws, led in person by Colonel Cooper, their left by Colonel Shelby's forces and their right by Colonel Stevens. The enemy were thus pursued for some 3 miles or more, until meeting re-enforcements he made a stand, when our forces fell back to Newtonia and quietly and patiently awaited the second attack of the Federal forces. The second engagement on the same ground lasted some three hours, by which time we were re-enforced by Captain Howell's battery of four guns and small re-enforcements of cavalry. About 5.30 p. m. the enemy gave way the second

