
Early on the morning of the 30th, hearing heavy cannonading in the direction of Newtonia, I at once took up the line of march in the direction of that point. When near Newtonia I discovered the enemy extending in line from near Newtonia in a northerly direction near the timber. I was met by Captain Crisp with an order to charge the right flank of the enemy in double-quick time, which order I executed in column of platoons, endeavoring to intercept and cut off their artillery. The enemy, after having fired a few rounds, retired with their artillery in great haste, leaving their infantry and cavalry to protect their retreat. Their cavalry soon giving way left the infantry exposed, and we captured some 80 prisoners, killing some 50 who refused to surrender. We pursued the enemy some 4 miles, capturing several guns, and were ably supported by the First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, as well as a small portion of Colonel Shelby's command. I received orders to march my men back to Camp Coffee. Before reaching Newtonia the enemy were re-enforced and opened a heavy cannonading upon my rear, which, however, was soon silenced by Captain Howell's gallant battery.

My regiment remained in Newtonia until between 12 and 1 o'clock, when we were ordered out upon the enemy's right flank, in company with Colonel Jeans' regiment, to feel the position of the enemy, ascertain his strength, and draw him out. When within 300 yards of his right flank he opened fire upon Colonel Jeans, which was returned. The enemy was some 400 yards from my command when their fired upon me, which fire I did not return. At this time I discovered another column moving down upon my right, with one battery of four guns, endeavoring to cut me off from the main command. I immediately ordered a retrograde movement, which was executed in good order my command. I immediately took position behind a rock fence, extending some 200 yards west from Newtonia, where the enemy poured a this position until about 5 o'clock, when I was ordered to support the First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment with Colonel Folsom's regiment in a charge upon the enemy, he retiring from the field pursued by the Choctaw regiment. I took position upon the left of Captain Howell's battery, when darkness terminated the contest, the enemy having been driven entirely from the field.

The casualties in my command were not large, considering the fire to which they were exposed.

In obedience to orders, on the morning of the 4th instant I marched my regiment from Camp Coffee in the direction of Newtonia. After getting within about 2 miles of Newtonia I discovered the enemy in force in three directions, charging in the direction principally of Harmon's, south of Newtonia, and near the edge of the timber. Finding that I was cut off from Newtonia, I made a flank movement to the left and went into the timber. After marching some 2 miles west I intercepted the trail of our forces who had retreated from Newtonia. I followed this train some 1 1/2 miles, and took position to cover the rear of our train, which was then moving in the direction of Pineville. While at this point I sent back Captain Elliott, of Colonel Shelby's command, to ascertain if the enemy were pursuing, and he reported that they had formed line of battle near the timber and were firing into it with artillery and small-arms. I was then relieved by Colonels Buster and Jeans and moved my command on in the direction of Pineville, overtaking the command near Pineville.

