
My loss on the 4th instant was Private John Riley, Company F, who was on picket at Jollification, and was either killed or taken prisoner. The number of horses killed and wounded will be duly reported.

I cannot close this report without saying that I am under many obligations both to the officers and men under my command for their gallant bearing and undaunted courage in the face of the enemy. I cannot particularize, for each seemed to vie with the other in acts of bravery and deeds of daring; but I must be permitted to recommend to your consideration Captain Crisp, how led the charge on the morning of the 30th. His gallant bearing and determined bravery won from men and officers the highest praise.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel T. C. Hawpe, Thirty-first Texas Cavalry.

---, -, 1862.

On Saturday, September 27, at 11 a. m., I was ordered by Colonel Cooper from Camp Coffee to Newtonia. I went to Newtonia, accompanied by Major Bryan's battalion. After arriving there I informed Colonel Cooper that it would be a suitable place for an outpost, upon which Captain Bledsoe's battery was sent up from Camp Coffee, Newtonia made an outpost, and I appointed commander of the same. Soon after arriving at Newtonia I placed picket on the Neosho, Granby, and Mount Vernon roads. Nothing of importance occurred on the 27th.

On the 28th, early in the morning, I heard the enemy were advancing from Sarcoxie toward Granby, and ordered heavy scouts in direction of the latter place, which returned at 1 o'clock on the morning of the 29th and reported no enemy seen, when I informed Colonel Cooper that there was no advance of enemy on Newtonia. About 9 o'clock of the same day the enemy fired upon our pickets from the brush 2 miles on the right of the road leading to Granby. I immediately informed Colonel Cooper, who came to my relief with a portion of his command which was encamped at Camp Coffee, 5 miles south from Newtonia, and remained until evening, then returned to Camp Coffee, leaving with me Colonels Shelby's and Jeans' regiments.

These last-mentioned regiments remained in Newtonia until after daylight of the morning of the 30th, when, there being no report of enemy in the neighborhood, they returned to Camp Coffee, and I reported to Colonel Cooper that no enemy was advancing on my post. In half an hour after sending this report the enemy fired upon and drove in our pickets. I immediately informed Colonel Cooper of this move, dismounted my own regimen, and formed them inside a stone fence. Bryan's men I ordered to be dismounted and formed 50 yards below in the brush and Bledsoe's battery to be planted inside the stone-wall, these being the only men under my command. Soon after getting my men thus arranged the enemy opened fire upon us from two batteries (one about 600 yards west and the other about the same distance northwest), which was replied to by Bledsoe's battery. After several shots were exchanged between the batteries the Federal infantry came up the ravine to within a few hundred yards of the wall, when a you and captain be-

20 R R - VOL XIII

