
it to the rear near the timber and have the regiment formed, which being done, Colonel Shelby in person ordered me to the extreme right of Captain Howell';s artillery, Colonel Jeans occupying the immediate right. By the time I had the regiment in position I received an order to occupy the immediate right of Captain Howell's artillery. Not knowing the source from which the order emanated (it not coming from Colonel Shelby), Lieutenant-Colonel Russell was dispatched to see if it was correct. He found neither artillery nor cavalry. I then counter-marched to hunt up the new position which we were informed our forces had taken, and on reaching the point could see neither artillery nor cavalry. I took their track and went on the Granby road until the enemy commenced firing from the position which I supposed to be ours; so the whole artillery force of the enemy was used on us, we being the only regiment in sight. We crossed the field of Ritchie toward the timber and came up in the rear of our forces, when we, with the balance, kept up the retrograde movements. In thirty minutes after leaving our camp a battery of flying artillery came up and occupied our wagon-yard.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. M. ALEXANDER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel D. H. COOPER, Commanding First Brigade.

SEPTEMBER -, 1862.- Skirmish on Clear Fort, near Warrensburg, Mo.

Report of Captain W. L. Houts, Battalion Loyal Militia of Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS,Warrensburg, Mo., September 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report an engagement between a portion of my command and a band of rebels 12 miles southeast of Warrensburg, on Clear Fork:

On receipt of information that there was a band of rebels in that vicinity I sent Lieutenant Brockman, with 40 men, to attack them. He succeeded in finding them, but not until they had fired a volley from ambush, as usual. A brisk fight ensued for some fifteen minutes, resulting in the killing of 4 rebels and several wounded. Our loss in men none and have no other casualties. Although our men fought in open ground, and the rebels, under cover of the brush, numbering 70 men, they were driven from the field and completely routed.

I cannot refrain from mentioning with what sagacity and bravery Lieutenant Brockman performed his part.

Very respectfully,

W. L. HOUTS,

Captain, Commanding Battalion Loyal Militia, Warrensburg, Mo.

Brigadier-General LOAN.

SEPTEMBER -, 1862.- Skirmishers in Scotland and Boone Counties, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Lewis Merrill.

HUDSON, MO., September 10, 1862.

Have official reports of skirmishers in Scotland County between Colonel Kurtzner's command, Enrolled Militia, 53 strong, and Dunn's

