
guerrillas, 90 strong. Guerrilla loss, 1 killed, 2 wounded. Captured 11 horses, 1 mule, and 1 prisoner.

General Guitar reports skirmish in Boone. His own command of Ninth Missouri State Militia and Merrill's Horse detachments engaged enemy at daylight, routed him completely, killing 4 (counted) and wounding many; capturing 5 prisoners, 9 horses and mules, 16 guns, 200 pounds of lead, 15 pounds of powder, considerable camp equipage, baggage, &amp;c., Our loss nothing. General Guitar reports: "Think many more were killed, but did not stop to look for them among the thick brush."

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.

OCTOBER 2, 1862.- Skirmish near Columbia, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Odon Guitar.
HEADQUARTERS,Columbia, Mo., October 3, 1862.

Parts of Companies B and C, of the Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, numbering 80 men, under Captains Garth and McFarland, attacked a band of rebels, 15 miles northwest of this place, yesterday about 11 a. m., completely routing and dispersing them, killing 1, wounding a number, and taking 1 prisoner. They killed also 2 horses, captured several, besides several saddles, a number of guns, blankets, quilts, a quantity of ammunition, clothing, &c., The rebel force consisted of Captain Cameron's company, with fragments of other companies, numbering in all 75 men. Captain Cameron's horse was killed and he no doubt wounded. He made an effort to rally his men after the first fire, and succeeded partially in doing so, but our men coming up instantly charged them, when they broke in the utmost confusion, dashing over fences and through fields as though the Devil was after them. They were pursued for several miles, but the fleetness of their horses and their knowledge of the country rendered pursuit unavailing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GEORGE M. HOUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 4, 1862.- Affair at Granby, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel M. W. Buster, Indian Battalion.

CAMP, WHITE ROCK PRAIRIE, MO.,

October 7, 1862.

On Friday evening, October 3, I was ordered with my command and Major Bryan's (whole force about 400 men) to proceed to and occupy the town of Granby, which I did, reaching that place at 6.30 p. m.

