
light. Surprised their camp, wounding 2 - 1 mortally, the other slightly. There proved to be but 7 men in camp. The main force supposed to be there have dispersed or gone farther north. We captured all the horses, arms, equipments, clothing, blankets, &amp;c., belonging to the party, those escaping carrying nothing with them except the shirts and pants they had on. They were all splendidly mounted and equipped. Two of those who escaped have since surrendered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major GEORGE M. HOUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 6, 1862.- Skirmish at Sibley, Mo.

Report of Captain Daniel H. David, Fifth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

CAMP THOMAS,

Independence, Mo., October 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of Orders, Numbers 102, I proceeded to march, on the morning of the 5th instant, with my command, consisting of detachments from Company A, commanded by Lieutenant Bennett; Company B, Lieutenant Bixby; Company D, Lieutenant Fairbrother, and Company K, Lieutenant Dorey, amounting in all to 88 men, rank and file.

On our march of the first day, about 4 miles from the town, we arrested 2 men, supposed to be bushwhackers. At the same place we captured 2 horses that were concealed in a corn field; thence marched to old man Pruett's, a noted rebel. Not ascertaining anything in regard to the whereabouts of Quantrill and his band, I then scoured the country for about 15 miles in the neighborhood surrounding Blue Springs to old man Walker's, where we encamped for the night, having yet learned nothing of the guerrillas.

On the morning of the 6th instant I continued to scour the country between Fire Prairie Creek and Snibar in the direction of Sibley, constantly making inquiries in regard to Quantrill, Childs, and their bands, but all efforts failing until within about 2 miles of Sibley, where we routed their pickets, who were posted in a lane near William Hughes', on the State road leading from Independence to Lexington. We also espied pickets posted on Big Hill, near Sibley, on the same road, which is one of the most prominent heights in this country. The number and position of their pickets indicated that there was a camp not far distant.

In order to ascertain its locality I advanced on Sibley in two columns, one from the north and the other from the northeast. As we passed the residence of Mrs. Garrison, 1 mile from Sibley, we captured 2 horses with Government equipments, that belonged to the bushwhackers, they fleeing to a corn field for refuge. We concentrated at Sibley, having ascertained that the rebels were encamped at a mill about a half a mile from town (reports varying from 150 to 300 strong), and, feeling a confident that their force was too strong for me to attack, I sent you a dispatch for re-enforcements, which you received. According to my intentions, as stated in said dispatch, I started to take a position on Big Hill, distant 1 1/2 miles from town, there to await re-enforcements.

