
We kept in hot pursuit over hills and through the worst brush thicket that I ever saw, they scattering and concentrating alternately during the day, until we came within 6 miles of this place, where they changed direction, again pointing for another thicket. I then called a halt and assembled the officers for consultation, upon which we almost unanimously agreed to return to camp for rest, as myself and men had been under a heavy march for three days and only eaten three meals, and our horses almost exhausted from fatigue and light forage. We do not believe that guerrillas can ever be taken by pursuit; we must take them by strategy.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

D. H. DAVID,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel W. R. PENICK.

P. S. - I am sorry of the neglect to mention Joseph C. Allen, as he rendered me valuable service as a guide, and in the engagement I found him to be a true and brave man.

OCTOBER 7, 1862.- Skirmish near New Franklin, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Odon Guitar.
HEADQUARTERS,Columbia, Mo., October 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to moment received a dispatch from Major Draper, at Fayette, advising me that Lieutenant Street, Company A, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, with 40 men and 20 Enrolled Missouri Militia, attacked a camp of 75 rebels, near New Franklin, Howard County, at daylight on the 7th instant, completely surprising and routing 25 horses, 14 guns, 3 sabers, a quantity of equipments, clothing, love-letters, &amp;c. Our loss, 1 horse killed. The rebels were completely scattered and dispersed. They were under the command of Captains Cameron and Singleton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major GEORGE M. HOUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 11, 1862.- Skirmish near Helena, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp at Helena, Ark., October 12, 1862.

GENERAL: Yesterday p. m. our cavalry had a skirmish near the forks of the road, 8 or 9 miles from here, which resulted in the loss of several men killed and Major Rector, with about 30 missing, the killing of several of the enemy, and the capture of a lieutenant-colonel and 12 other Texans. I have sent out again this morning, but our cavalry are slow to move, and they complain of sickness, &c.

