
man left in his command. He surrendered 27 men, 16 horses and saddles, and as many guns and pistols. This man had a company of 120 men at Kirksville, 43 of whom were killed or wounded and one-half of the remainder have since been captured or killed by our troops in the field. I refer to this as a flattering evidence of the vigilance of this column in the duty of clearing the country of guerrillas.

Captain Robbins, of Major Rogers' command, returned to Monticello yesterday, having pursued and routed a numerous band near Williamstown, in Lewis County, taking 8 prisoners and 10 horses. This was done after his advance guard had been ambushed, Lieutenant Wilson severely wounded in the arm and back, and a private mortally wounded. With the most prudent advance, when it must be made swiftly in order to overtake these fellows, an ambush is sometimes unavoidable. I have posted a company in Schuyler County, one in Clarke, and to-day move one each to Scotland and Lewis, with orders to scour the brush and hunt up parties, large or small. I have ordered Colonel Dougherty, of the Enrolled Militia, to take the field, with two companies, after Ralph Smith, who has been the scourge of these counties (that is, Lewis, Clarke, Scotland, and Schuyler Counties), and not to leave it until he is captured.

I desire to create a healthy competition in deeds between the Second Regiment and the new militia, which may be useful in ridding these counties of guerrillas. I go to Monticello to-morrow to muster the second battalion of my regiment. From there I come to Shelbyville to muster a company left there. After that I shall report to your headquarters.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General MERRILL,

Commanding Northeastern District of Missouri.

OCTOBER 12, 1862.- Skirmish near Arrow Rock, Mo.

Report of Richard C. Vaughan, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Marshall, Mo., October 13, 1862.

GENERAL: On Wednesday last I came down to Miami with 150 men of Colonel Neil's command in consequence of learning from Colonel Wilson that he was menaced.

On yesterday we sent a scout into the neighborhood of Arrow Rock. They were attacked from the brush and had 1 man killed and 4 wounded, 1 mortally, I fear, by Jackson's guerrillas. I shall not hereafter attempt to wage war against these men; it is an idle sacrifice of men. Hereafter I shall direct operations exclusively against their wealthy sympathizes and abettors. I suggest that I be permitted to appoint commissioners to levy as assessment of $15,000 on the disloyal men of this county for the benefit of the militia whose families I learn are in a state of deplorable destitution.

I have brought the matter of clothing to the notice of the county court, and they have agreed to issue county bonds to the amount of $3,500, and I have notified the bank at Arrow Rock that it will have

