
to cash these bonds immediately. Please let me hear from you at this place.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN,

Commanding Enrolled Missouri Militia.

General LOAN, Commanding Central Division.

OCTOBER 12-10, 1862.- Expedition from Ozark, Mo., toward Yellville, Ark., and skirmish at Mountain Home, Ark.

Report of Major John C. Wilber, Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).
HEADQUARTERS,Post of Ozark, Mo., October 20, 1862.

I have the honor to report for the information of the colonel commanding that, in accordance with instructions from Brigadier-General Herron, I took up my line of march from this post in the direction of Yellville on October 12, at 6 p. m. I took with me a detachment of 125 men from the Second Battalion, Fourteenth Regiment Missouri State Militia, stationed at this post, and 100 men of the Enrolled Militia, stationed at Lawrence's Mill,a nd proceeded to the White River, opposite Yellville, by rapid marches, where our progress was arrested by the sudden rise of the river, which prevented our advance to Yellville. My intention was to surprise the force at that place, and by a vigorous onset get possession of the town, burn the supplies collected there for the army of McBride, secure all the property possible for the use of our army, and then fall back to Ozark by forced marches. Finding it impossible to ford the White River, I then turned my course down the river to Talbot's Ferry, in order to cross on the ferry and advance on Yellville. I found the woods swarming with secesh scouts, posted on all the hills, watching our movements, and couriers flying in every direction, giving intelligence of our approach and collecting forces. They had been warned of our advance several times before, and were rapidly collecting to oppose our little band.

We encamped on the night of the 15th within 10 miles of the ferry, at Pierson's Ford, posted pickets on all the approaches to our camp, and sent our large patrols on the main road. I was apprised during the early part of the night, from a prisoner brought in by the pickets and from some females, that a force was expected from Yellville that night to surprise us. I immediately ordered a detachment of 50 men to proceed to the ferry and prevent the crossing of any force and to arrest all persons coming in their way.

On the morning of the 16th I moved my force to Talbot's Barrens, 8 miles east of this ferry, to await the return of my spy from Yellville, before I dare cross the river with my small force. Here I learned that Colonel Shaler, with 2,000 infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and four pieces of artillery, was approaching Yellville by forced marches, and was then within one day's march of our camp. McBride had resigned and left Colonel Shaler in command of his division, and he was moving down Pocahontas to Yellville. On learning this information I concluded it would be imprudent to place the White River between me and this post, which was then impassable except by ferries and having an overwhelming force moving up to cut off our retreat. We

