
collected about 50 head of horses, 5 wagons and teams, and a considerable amount of other property useful to the army, and commenced our retreat about 8 p. m. on the 16th instant. I placed our train of horses, mules, and wagons in the advance, with sufficient guard for its protection, and kept my main force between it and the advancing enemy. The most perfect order was maintained. Every man was at his post, and everything was in readiness to give the enemy the warmest reception possible.

About 2 o'clock in the morning our rear guard, consisting of 25 men, under command of Lieutenant Mooney, Company D, Fourteenth Regiment Missouri State Militia, was attacked by a battalion of Colonel Shaler's command, who in the darkness had gained a position between the rear guard and our main force. Lieutenant Mooney, seeing he was cut off from the column, ordered a charge, which was made with such impetuosity and gallantry by his little band that he succeeded in carving his way through their lines without the loss of a man, though the lieutenant himself was severely wounded. In the melee some of our men were dismounted, but all succeeded in riding out a horse; if not their own, an enemy's.

The enemy lost a considerable number in the engagement, but the exact number could not be ascertained. I think, from the reports of all, that not less than 10 men were killed and double the number wounded.

We were not pursued farther, and were allowed to bring our plunder unmolested back to Ozark, where we arrived on the 19th instant.

We captured about 25 stand of arms and the same number of prisoners, including Major J. W. Methvin, of the First Regiment McBride's brigade.

I am, lieutenant, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. C. WILBER,

Major, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant HUDSON BURR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Forces at Springfield, Mo.

OCTOBER 16, 1862.- Skirmish at Auxvasse Creek, Callaway County, Mo.

Report of Major Richard G. Woodson, Tenth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

MEXICO, MO., October 20, 1862.

General MERRILL:

On the 16th inst. I found a camp of 150 bushwhackers on Auxvasse Creek, killing 1, wounding 2, and taking 3 prisoners. They were seen to take others wounded off the field, and the line of their race was well sprinkled with blood. Killed 7 of their horses and captured several, besides blankets, guns, and ammunition. Our loss, 2, flesh wounds with buck-shot. They have returned to Boone in squads. Went to vicinity of Portland to attack a large camp there, but they broke up and fled at our approach; have gone north, I think, to Monroe. Arrived here at 3 o'clock to-day.

I handed in my resignation, unconditional and immediate, ten days ago. Can I be relieved? I am very anxious to get home.

R. G. WOODSON,

Major Tenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

