
his band of guerrillas, about 100 strong, 3 miles south of Uniontown, on the east line of Schuyler County, on Saturday, the 18th. About a mile south of their encampment my force fell in with a portion of the Lancaster Enrolled Missouri Militia. After moving half a mile they drove in Dunn's pickets, which was their first notice of the locality of his camp. Captain Marquess, with part of the command, followed the pickets, being in the center. Captain [B. W.] Bell moved on a road leading to the right and the Lancaster men moved to the left. Captain Bell moved to a position on the edge of a brush, with an old field in his front. Marquess divided his force and moved on to the brush after the enemy, directing Lieutenant Hamlin to take a position still farther to the left. The accidental discharge of a gun aroused the enemy, and, starting to return, came in contact with Captain Marquess' squad, when he opened fire on them. They then fell back and endeavored to retreat on Lieutenant Hamlin's line, and received his fire. They again fell back and moved upon Captain Bell's position, and received his fire. Being on open ground, Captain Bell secured 10 prisoners. They again fell into the brush and put on the white band and approached Lieutenant Hamlin's line, and he, taking them to be our men, permitted them to pass to his left, and they thereby escaped. About this time the Lancaster men came up. the white band deceived them until the balance escaped.

Four men are known to have been killed. The enemy being in an almost impenetrable brush, my men did not examine the field until morning, when the balance of the dead and wounded had been removed by the enemy.

We captured 10 prisoners, 25 horses, 25 guns, and all their camp equipage. No casualties on our part. I appears that they have scattered in very small squads, as we cannot hear of them or find their trail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. WIRT,

Colonel, Commanding.

General LEWIS MERRILL,

Commanding District of Northeast Missouri.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Baker, Enrolled Missouri Militia.

LANCASTER, MO., October 21, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report to you the skirmish that took place 12 miles northeast of Lancaster, on the 18th instant, between a portion of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, under my command, and a detachment of the Second Missouri Cavalry and about 150 guerrillas, under command of the notorious Captain William Dunn:

On the morning of the 17th instant I sent out Captain David G. Maize in the direction of Uniontown, in Scotland County, with a small force of the Enrolled Missouri Militia from this post, to look for the rebels.

At daylight next morning Captain Maize discovered that he was in the neighborhood of a large force of them and sent back for re-enforcements to me at Lancaster. I sent what men I could spare, under command of Second Lieutenant Thomas Law, of the Second Missouri Cavalry, and First Lieutenant W. W. Bruce, of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, of this place,

