
(belonging to the Second Kansas) and 9 wounded - 4 mortally, since dead - 3 belonging to the Second Kansas and 10 to the Sixth Kansas. Of the enemy's killed and wounded I have been unable to procure a full and accurate statement. About 50 of their dead have been found upon the field and buried by my command. Most of their wounded were taken away, yet a number of them have been cared for by our surgeons. Some of those who were found in houses some 10 miles from the battle-field report their loss in killed and wounded at 150, and of the men working their battery (who were Texans) all except 4 were either killed or wounded.

The battery captured consists of three 6-pounder brass guns and one 12-pounder brass field howitzer, with horses, harness, and caissons complete. We also captured quite a large number of horses and a portion of their transportation and camp and garrison equipage.

It was my intention to have surprised and attacked them at day-break, and had it not been for the unfortunate occurrence of the night, viz, the neglect of the column to move forward as ordered, I have little doubt I should have succeeded in destroying or capturing the entire rebel force.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the gallant Second, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bassett, which took so prominent a part in the affair of the morning. Truly have they added new luster to their laurels won at Wilson's Creek. With less than 600 men they engaged a force more than ten times their own number, and with guns without bayonets charged the enemy's line, firing as they went and driving them from their artillery and from the field.

To mention names where all (both officers and men) did their duty so well and so nobly may seem, I fear, invidious; yet I feel that I ought to say that to Captain Crawford (who commanded the battalion that made the charge upon and captured the rebel battery) great credit is due for his gallantry, and the names of Captains Ayers, Russell, Hopkins, and Gardner, and Lieutenants Moore, Cosgrove, Ballard, Lee, and Johnston, and Sergeant Barker, all of whom commanded companies, are worthy of especial and honorable mention. Lieutenant Stover proved himself not only a gallant officer, but a good artillerist, abundantly shown by the effects produced by his little howitzers. Lieutenant-Colonel Bassett also demonstrated his gallantry and ability as an officer upon the field.

The officers and men of the other regiments were disappointed at not being in time to take a part in the conflict, and only failed to distinguish themselves for a want of opportunity. If such opportunity occurs they will prove themselves as equal to the emergency as the gallant Second has done.

In closing this report it is justly due to acknowledge the efficient services rendered upon the field during the engagement by the following members of my division staff, viz: Major V. P. Van Antwerp, inspector-general; Captain Lyman Scott and Lieuts. J. Fin. Hill and M. J. Collier, aides-de-camp.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Division, Army of the Frontier.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

