
are tow uncultivated fields, separated only by a fence, the first of which was about 200 yards wide and the second about 150 yards wide, each extending across the whole prairie and about half a mile in length. The fences on the ends are covered with a thick growth of underbrush. A road runs along the south side of the second field. The north side of the first field is skirted with sassafras bushes, from 6 to 10 feet high, like a hedge-row, and the field itself is considerably covered with an undergrowth of the same about as high as a man's shoulder. The second, or division line, fence is skirted in like manner as the first, excepting that the brush is much higher and thicker. The lower or south line of fence, and on the north side of the road, is covered with a heavy growth of underbrush, and the lower side of the road is covered with a heavy body of timber, which extends for many miles. I passed out of the timber to the right of the line of skirmishers and discovered the enemy proceeding in a westerly direction on the road south of the fields. Immediately informed General Blunt of what I had seen, and at the same time ordered the horses to be brought forward. The general, coming up to where I stood, ordered me to proceed at once with my men to the lower end of the prairie, and attack the enemy, if found there.

At this time Lieutenants Johnston and Ballard arrived on the ground from the rear with their companies, A, numbering 53, and H, numbering 47 men, and took position in line a quarter of a mile to the right and front of the line of skirmishers. I ordered the recall sounded and the men came out of the woods on the double-quick, mounted, and moved off, in column of fours, on a run. At this time Lieutenant Hook deserted his company, leaving it in command of First Sergt. Edward Barker, and was no more seen during the action. Lieutenant Stover, with his howitzers, led the column, and, arriving at the first field, I formed a line of battle near the force, selecting for Lieutenant Stover a commanding position inside the field, where he immediately opened fire with good effect. The enemy had formed line of battle in the road south of the field and had advanced even to the center of the upper field. I gave the order to prepare to fight on foot. The men dismounted with celerity and passed over the fence, pouring volley after volley into the ranks of the enemy, driving him completely from the first field within five minutes, and followed up the advantage thus gained by moving forward to the division fence.

The enemy's line was at least half a mile length. The woods in rear of their line were well filled, and they appeared to be passing from their left to their right in large numbers, as I supposed at that time, for the purpose of attempting to turn our left flank. They had a battery of four pieces, three 6-pounder smooth-bores and one 12-pounder howitzer, with which they opened quite a brisk fire, which lasted about fifteen minutes, by which time their gunners were driven from their posts by the well-directed fire of our sharpshooters.

The order of line in the field from right to left was as follows: A, Stover's howitzer's, H, D, K, E, B, I, C, F, and G. the right and left flanks were somewhat annoyed by the enemy's flanking parties, and 1 directed Companies F and G to direct their attention especially to the left, while at the same time Lieutenant Stover turned over of his howitzers to the right. Company A remained and supported Stover's battery. The other companies, having gained the division fence, halted, loaded, and capped their pieces, bounded over the fence with loud cheers, drove the enemy from the second field, charged upon his battery, captured it, and followed him 200 yards into the wood.

