
The enemy being mounted and scattered, and finding it useless to attempt farther pursuit on foot, my men were recalled to their posts and to the support of Rabb's Second Indiana Battery, which at that time arrived on the field. From the line the men first entered the field until they had completely routed the enemy not more than three-fourths of an hour elapsed.

Officers and men alike, with but a single exception, behaved in the most gallant manner. They were not repulsed at any time at any point, though contending against far superior numbers - against an enemy who was in a strong and well-selected position and well acquainted with the ground on which we was fighting.

My entire force consisted of 492 enlisted men (including those acting as my orderlies) and 18 commissioned officers, while the enemy was not estimated by any one at less than 4,000.

My loss was slight, being but 4 killed and 3 wounded - 1 severely. The enemy's loss, from the best authorized sources, is estimated at not less than --- killed and --- wounded.

It would be useless for me to attempt to discriminate and single out individual officers and men for the purpose of calling special attention tot heir bravery, for the commanding officers of companies and detachments already mentioned alike did their duty, and the same can be said of Lieutenants Aduddell, Mitchell, Cross, Lovellette, Mentzer, Waugh, and Bassett, the latter acting regimental adjutant; yet I cannot pass unnoticed Captain Samuel J. Crawford, who assisted me in the field during that day.

In closing this report I cannot forbear saying that too much praise cannot be awarded to the men who achieved so glorious a victory for our arms on that day.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

OWEN A. BASSETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Kansas Vol. Cav.

Lieutenant Colonel J. FIN. HILL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Army of the Frontier.

Numbers 4. Reports of Brigadier General Douglas H. Cooper, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, including operations since September 30.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Cantonment Davis, Cherokee Nation, October 25, 1862.

COLONEL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 20th instant, informing me of General Hindman's arrival at Fayetteville and at your camp near Huntsville, with a synopsis of the plan of operations to be pursued against the enemy in Missouri and Kansas. My operations will unfortunately be delayed some time on account of the loss of my artillery and subsequent retreat from my camp at Old Fort Wayne. It occurred on the morning of the 22nd instant shortly after sunrise, the enemy making the attack in overwhelming numbers. I will briefly state the causes that led to the disaster: While at Elm Springs General Rains deprived me of my four Texas regiments, ordering them to report to him. It was with difficulty that I could prevail upon him to allow me to keep Colonel Buster's battalion. I was then

