
ordered by him to invade Kansas, and I at once moved off for that purpose. My Indian forces had, in anticipation of this movement, been ordered to Old Fort Wayne, with instructions to hold themselves in readiness for this very expedition, which I had proposed to General Rains before he took from me my white forces. The Indians, however, neglecting my orders, failed to assemble at [Old] Fort Wayne, and when I reached there found only part of one regiment (Watie's) at that place. I was therefore compelled to stop there until I could collect my scattered Indian forces - always difficult, but now rendered almost impossible from the fact that they were about to leave their own country, and although loyal to the South and anxious for the invasion of Kansas, still the approaching cold weather and the destitution of many of them in the way of clothing, added to the inefficiency of their ponies, made them adverse to leaving the Indian country. I was aware of the exposed position of my little command, but still thought that the troops would concentrate in sufficient force to enable me to proceed into Kansas or to hold my position; but notwithstanding that I sent them order after order to come together they were neglected until too late, and my little command was overwhelmed by the enemy. I was at the time of the attack, for some days previous and am now, extremely ill, and can hardly dictate a line, which I offer as an excuse for the meagerness of this report. In regard to my taking a move up into Kansas this season I think it doubtful. The Indians are in a destitute condition - bare footed and nearly naked. They feel that they have been abandoned by their white brethren, and some regiments are almost demoralized, but Colonel Watie, who has command during my illness, thinks that he may be able to take a small force up there. I will try and send as many as possible, but can give no positive assurance that any will go, so you need not depend on them. If they do go it will be that much made.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army in the Field.

P. S.- Owing to my illness on the day of the battle Lieutenant-Colonel Buster was in command, and used every exertion to bring off the artillery, but without success. It was not given up, however, until after a desperate struggle on the part of the artillerists and some of the other troops.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Scullyville, Ind. T., December 15, 1862.

GENERAL: Having defeated a superior force of the enemy at Newtonia on September 30 and driven his shattered forces back to Sarcoxie, Colonel Shelby was ordered to encamp with his brigade between Newtonia and Sarcoxie, and select an eligible position for the division on Shoal Creek or in the vicinity of Granby. The enemy rallied at Sarcoxie and was soon known to be receiving re-enforcements from Mount Vernon. Reports reached me from reliable sources of heavy re-enforcements being en route from Springfield, of which General Rains was informed and urgently appealed to for aid.

