
Shelby remaining at Pineville to observe the movements of the enemy. Relieved Colonel Shelby next day, sending Colonel Buster with his battalion and parts of Colonel Alexander's and Steven's regiments back for that purpose.

October 7, in the night the enemy drove in our pickets near Pineville, and orders were received from General Rains to send the train down immediately to Mud Town via Bentonville and to follow leisurely with the command. Started the train at 12 p. m. and followed next day after the arrival of the troops from Pineville. The march was made in a heavy storm of rain to Mud Town, which place we reached on the night of October 8, overtaking our train, and there found General Rains, his command being at Cross Hollows, en route for Huntsville. Next day, after consultation, it was determined to leave Colonel Shelby with his cavalry brigade at Cross Hollows and place of the enemy, while General Rains moved on to Holcomb's, on the wire road.

Ont he 14th received notice from General Rains to repair to his quarters to attend a council. Found General Marmaduke and Colonel Carroll. Council broke up, General Rains reserving his decision until next day. Returned to camp at Elm Springs same night.

Next day (15th) received an order to march with the Indian troops and Howell's battery upon Fort Scott. The four Texas regiments (Colonels Alexander, Stevens, Hawpe, and Bass) and Buster's battalion detached. Upon remonstrance, Lieutenant-Colonel Buster's battalion (infantry) was allowed to remain under my command. Finally, on the 15th I marched with my little force upon the expedition. The First Choctaw Regiment, under Colonel Sampson Folsom, had been previously ordered to join Colonel Stand Watie near Maysville, and Lieutenant Colonel S. N. Folsom had moved out to the site where the Osage Mills formerly stood. Upon my arrival at Old Fort Wayne, near Maysville, October 17, much to my surprise I found Colonel Sampson Folsom, instead of reporting to Colonel Watie, had moved off to Cincinnati, 30 miles south, and that many of Colonel Watie's men and officers were also gone on an expedition to the neighborhood of Evansville. The First Creek Regiment and Creek Battalion were encamped somewhere at Old Fort Wayne. A portion of colonel Watie's regiment soon arrived and encamped near me. Lieutenant Colonel Chilly McIntosh, with his Creek Battalion, reported promptly and came into camp. Colonel D. N. McIntosh, from some cause, did not receive orders in proper time. Every exertion of which I was capable (being confined to bed with a painful and dangerous disease) was made to get the troops together and ready to move on Fort Scott. Provisions were ordered to be cooked and the absent troops urged to report speedily. I was aware of the danger of delay. The tardiness of some of the troops and disobedience of orders by others proved fatal to the command and defeated the expedition upon which we had started. The Federals were informed (as has since been ascertained) by persons who were daily about our camps of my position, force, and intended movements.

Ont he evening of the 21st I learned that a Federal force was moving toward the line from Bentonville,m but supposed it to be a scout. Having been ordered to go north, I was reluctant to retreat and still hoped the Choctaw and Creek regiments would join me in time. Having set the 22nd for all the available troops to march on fort Scott, under command of Colonel Stand Watie, and determined to fall back to

