
scarcely a man of the artillery company escaped without a wound or bullet-holes through his clothing.

But for the loss of the battery we should have had decidedly the advantage of the Federals in the skirmish; as it was, they have nothing to pride themselves upon. Their loss was three or four times ours in killed and wounded, while their force was at least three times ours. The superiority of our troops was demonstrated at Newtonia, where, in open-field fight, Missourians, Texans, Arkansians, and Indians, most of whom had never before been in battle, defeated and thoroughly routed a well-drilled and well-armed Federal force greatly their superior in numbers, and having three times the number of cannon that they had. The Indians, too, on that field vindicated their claim to equality with the best Confederate troops under a cannonade lasting with but little interruption from early in the morning until sunset. I feel proud to record the fact that the white troops themselves who were in the battle of Newtonia, and who behaved as well as troops ever did, awarded to the Choctaw's the meed of praise for rendering the most effective service on that day.

The foregoing report, supplemental to that which I had the honor to forward several weeks ago, of the details of the battle of Newtonia, and necessary to a full understanding of our operations in Missouri and the causes and incidents of the retreat, has been delayed by my continued state of ill-health and the pressure of official duties. I will thank you to forward it also to detachment headquarters for the information of the commanding general.

I am, general, respectfully,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,

Commanding First Corps, Army of the West, Trans-Miss. Dept.

Numbers 5. Return of Casualties at Old Fort Wayne, Ind. T., October 22, 1862.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Off	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Agg

 ice	 sted	 cers	 sted	 cers	 sted	 reg

 rs.	 men.	 .	 men.	 .	 men.	 ate

 	 	 	 	 	 	 .

1st Cherokee	 ...	 1	 1	 5	 2	 28	 37

regiment.

2nd Creek Regiment.	 2	 ...	 2	 ...	 ...	 ...	 4

Howell's battery.	 ...	 ...	 1	 16	 ...	 5	 22

Total.	 2	 1	 4	 21	 2	 33	 63

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Stand Watie, First Cherokee Regiment.

CAMP ON COODEY'S CREEK, CHEROKEE NATION,

October 25, 1862.

COLONEL: I have taken the first opportunity to make my report of the part taken by the Cherokee regiment in the engagement of the 22nd at Beattie's Prairie:

