
22nd instant, drove him from his camp and through Van Buren with loss. Our loss, so far known, only 1 killed. Lazear is in pursuit.

I only give the general result, as details have not reached me.

One thousand rebels are said to be at Thomasville, and 1,000 Alton, near Eleven Points River.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 23, 1862.- Skirmish at Clarkston, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. DIST. OF COLUMBUS, DEPT. OF WEST TENN.,Columbus, Ky., October 29, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report:

An expedition was sent from Columbus, Ky., by General Dodge, according to the direction of Major-General Grant, consisting of the following forces, viz: Company D, Second Illinois Cavalry, 48 men and officers; Company K, Second Illinois Artillery, 72 men and officers; five companies Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, 281 men and officers. Total infantry, 281 men and officers; total artillerists, 72 men and officers; total cavalry, 48 men and officers; all under the command of Captain Rodgers, Second Illinois Artillery. Our forces, by great exertion in a forced march, surprised the enemy at Clarkston, 34 miles southwest of New Madrid, Mo., attacking them with artillery, the first shells bursting in their barracks, killing Captain St. Clair, 1 lieutenant, 3 non-commissioned officers, 5 privates, and mortally wounding 2 privates. Captain Rodgers, deploying his infantry to the right and left, surrounded them, capturing Colonel Clark, in command; Captain Clark, Captain Saterfield, 3 lieutenants, 2 sergeants, and 31 privates, about 100 stand of arms, 67 horses and mules, 2 transportation wagons, and a large amount of ammunition, burning their barracks and magazine, and totally breaking up the whole concern.

Our loss amounted to the breaking of three axles of the Artillery, which prevented farther pursuit with safety, and an attack upon Jeffers' force, which lay 25 miles off. He, with some 800 men, made a demonstration on the rear, but Captain Rodgers, having all the captured property in his possession, did not deem it prudent to return to the attack, but held himself on the defensive. Jeffers failed to attack him.

I take great pleasure in speaking of the energy of Captain Rodgers and of the good behavior of his command on this occasion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Columbia.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

