
OCTOBER 24-26, 1862.- Expedition from Independence to Greenton, Chapel Hill, Hopewell, etc., Mo.

Report of Captain Joseph H. Little, First Missouri Cavalry (Militia).

LEXINGTON, MO., October 27, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with General Loan's order I send you my report of proceedings of my command while on the expedition sent from this post on the 24th instant:

My command, consisting of a portion of my company (E) and a detachment of Company H, under Captain C. C. Harvey, proceeded from this post about 2 p. m. and marched to Greenton, 12 miles distant. The night being cold and extremely dark we encamped, or rather quartered.

Early on the morning of the 25th the command was ordered to the scene of the mail robbery near the residence of Mr. Luther Green. Mr. Green stated that on the morning of the 22nd Quantrill, with about 25 men, came to his residence and demanded breakfast for himself and men, and while at breakfast the mail-coach passed and was hailed by Quantrill and the mail-bags opened and ransacked. Quantrill, having breakfasted, left in the direction of Chapel Hill. Having received this information I ordered immediate pursuit, took an indirect route, in order to enter Chapel Hill under cover of the woods in order to surprise the band, which I had been informed was still there. The town was entered with the utmost caution and rapidity. Citizens were not allowed to pass out until search was made, which proved fruitless, the band having left the evening before, and, as the inhabitants stated, had dispersed into squads. We then marched for Hopewell, saw a bushwhacker, who fled toward Blackwater Grove with the utmost precipitation. Shots were fired after him as rapidly as possible, but he gained the bushes and probably escaped. The grove was skirmished, no captures made, but a number driven out, who were seen crossing the prairie at full speed. Night coming on, the pursuit was abandoned. Quartered in a church at Hopewell.

Early on the morning of the 26th marched toward Lexington. Having heard that Quantrill's men had been in Wellington the day previous, we moved for that point. The same precaution used as at Chapel Hill; several arrests made on suspicion; one person arrested gave information of Confederate recruits lurking around Napoleon. Ordered a secret movement on that point last night and captured 5, who reported to have been conscripted. I think they are rebel volunteers. In accordance with General Loan's order I arrested all suspicious and disloyal persons whom I could find, and brought them tot he post, and have delivered them to the guard officer of the post, in accordance with your order. Captain C. C. Harvey, with my sanction, seized a carriage and 2 horses belonging to the rebel Colonel Reed. It seems his (Colonel Reed's) lady had received an order from Colonel Deitzler, who was commanding at this post, to retain the property. General Loan thinks such property contraband. I believe the property is in charge of Captain C. C. Harvey, and is subject to your order, which will be promptly obeyed.

I am to state that the men behaved well; no outrages committed.

With respect, your obedient servant,

J. H. LITTLE,

Captain Co. E, First Cavalry Mo. S. M., Commanding Expedition.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN, Commanding Post, Lexington, Mo.

