
100 prisoners, who say they were ordered to attack Springfield and cut off Schofield's supplies. Still later dispatches from Lazear, dated Bollinger's Mill, Ark., October 31, say he has killed, captured, and dispersed 200 of Boone's command.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General John W. Davidson, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 28, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the continued success of the troops forming my division. Boyd says:

PATTERSON, MO., October 28, 1862-8 p. m.

Express just in from Pitman's Ferry. Colonel Dewey, commanding Twenty-third Iowa, with detachments of his regiment, of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Missouri Volunteers, and of the First Missouri State Militia, with a section of Stange's battery, attacked 1,500 rebels, under Burbridge, at Pitman's Ferry yesterday, killing several and taking over 40 prisoners. Rebels made but slight resistance and fled on Yellville road. So far the new troops behaved like veterans.

This makes the ferry crossing perfectly safe for Lazear, crowning the two movements with entire success.

I remain, sir, your most obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., October 31, 1862.

COLONEL: I have again to announce the continued success of the two expeditions under Lazear and Dewey, now combined under the latter officer. You may remember that I had sent a force of infantry under Dewey to cover Lazear's crossing at Pitman's Ferry. After Dewey's action with Burbridge at that point he formed junction with Lazear beyond the ferry on Current River, and continued the fight and pursuit of Burbridge to Bollinger's Mill, within 2 miles of Pocahontas.

Many officers of Burbridge's command have fallen into our hands; among them Colonel Greene, of Saint Louis, and Campbell, of Springfield. These officers state that they had Hindman's orders to fall in rear of Schofield by forced marches to Springfield and attempt to cut off his supplies. Dewey and Lazear are returning. Thus I think the southeast has kept pace with the southwest in enterprise. Our loss is small.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

