
ready to co-operate with me at any time after midnight. This road leads directly across the road to Yellville, by which the enemy retreated, and they had already passed the point of intersection at least thirty-six hours before. Of course pursuit was now useless, and I directed Lieutenant Going to rejoin Colonel Lazear, with orders to join me as soon as possible on the Pocahontas road. On the morning of the 29th I crossed the artillery over the river, and leaving Captain Vaughan to guard the ferry and the prisoners I marched toward Pocahontas, and formed a junction with Colonel Lazear at Bollinger's Mill, 15 miles from the ferry. I immediately ordered a detachment of 50 cavalry, under Major Lippert, to march to Pocahontas and search for horses and contraband goods. Major Jaensch accompanied the detachment. They dispersed a small scouting party, taking 8 or 10 horses, and found a number of rebel sick in a hospital, whom Major Jaensch paroled, and a list of whom accompanies this report. The next morning, October 30,k I commenced my march back to Patterson, which point I reached at 6 o'clock p. m., November 2.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the officers and men under my command in this expedition. They performed a march of 65 miles to Pitman's Ferry (the first day through a severe storm) in less than two days and a half, crossing a wide and deep stream. The last twenty hours they were on the march of 80 miles in four days, crossing two wide and deep streams.

I have no hesitation in saying that, had the force under Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear been able to co-operate with me by reaching the road to Yellville by which the enemy retreated at the time I reached Pitman's Ferry on the morning of the 27th, we would have routed the entire rebel force and captured the baggage train and artillery. This force I estimate, from reliable information, at 1,000 cavalry, 500 infantry, and four pieces of artillery, under command of Colonels Burbridge, Green, and Mitchell. It retreat toward Yellville, at which point I understood the enemy is concentrating a large force, and where they have a powder-mill in operation.

My thanks are especially due to the following officers detailed on special duty: To Captain Newberry, Twenty-fifth Missouri, for his efficiency in crossing the command over Black River; to Lieutenant Waterbury, Twenty-third Iowa, assistant adjutant; to Lieutenant Brown, Twenty-third Iowa, assistant quartermaster, and to Lieutenant Buzard, Twenty-fifth Missouri, commanding advanced guard of infantry.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. DEWEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

S. H. BOYD, Colonel, Commanding.

OCTOBER 28, 1862.- Action of Oxford Bend, White River, near Fayetteville, Ark.

Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

OCTOBER 29, 1862.

The Army of the Frontier is again successful. General Schofield dispatches from Fayetteville, Ark., that on yesterday, at daylight, Brigadier-General Herron, with the First Iowa and Seventh Missouri

