
Cavalry, attacked a rebel camp 4 miles east of that place. Our force about 1,000; rebel force 3,000, commanded by Colonel Cravens. After a sharp engagement of an hour the enemy was completely routed, leaving all his camp equipage, &amp;c., and a few wagons. Loss of the enemy, 8 dead on the field; our loss, 5 wounded, 1 mortally. General Herron pursued for several miles into the Boston Mountains.*

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.

OCTOBER 31, 1862.- Scout in Monroe County, Mo.

Report of Colonel W. B. Okeson, Enrolled Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Monroe County Enrolled Missouri Militia.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the following facts:

A scout of our Enrolled Militia, numbering 14 men, left this post on Friday morning, under the command of Lieutenant Gleason, of Company B (Captain Foulk's company) of the Monroe County Enrolled Missouri Militia; fell in with a squall of guerrillas, numbering 10, under arms, at the house of Isaac Coppage, in the southern part of this county. Lieutenant Gleason surrounded the house, rushed in upon them, found a portion of their guns stacked in the hall, seized the arms, and demanded their surrender, which they complied with after some demonstrations of resistance. They were immediately brought to this post and turned over to the custody of the provost-marshal. The guerrillas were at the time of their capture under the command of the notorious Captain Williams. Lieutenant gleason had under guard 2 guerrillas, which he had captured a few hours previous to the capture of Williams and company. The horses and guns of all were captured and delivered safely at this post.

I will make you a full report of my command in this county to-morrow by letter. We are doing good service, and are ridding the county rapidly of the enemy. I will also report to you to person this week coming.

I wish to have sent to this post one-half dozen blank muster rolls as soon as possible.

Your obedient servant,

W. B. OKESON,

Colonel, Commanding Monroe and Shelby Regts., Enrolled Mo. Militia.

Major H. A. GLEIM, A. G., Ninth Dist., Enrolled Mo. Militia.

NOVEMBER 1-5, 1862.- Operations in Jackson County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Burris, Tenth Kansas Infantry.

CAMP CURTIS,

Jackson County, Mo., November 5, 1862.

SIR: For nearly a week I have pursued Quantrill's band of guerrillas with Major Ransom's cavalry, Captain Chesnut's Company (A, Twelfth

---------------

*See also report of Major General J. M. Schofield, p. 20.

---------------

