
Kansas Volunteers), and one piece of artillery, under Lieutenant Hunt. We have killed 10, taken 1 prisoner, captured 100 head of horses and mules, and driven the marauders out of this part of the State. They are in full retreat (south), evidently intending to reach Arkansas. No casualties on our side. A considerable number of contrabands accompany us to Kansas.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

NOVEMBER 1-10, 1862.- Operations in Boone County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John F. Williams, Ninth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).
HDQRS. NINTH CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Columbia, Mo., November 10, 1862.

MAJOR: I was sent out on a scout, on the evening of the 1st, by General Guitar, with 100 men, to look after Captain Cameron, said to be attempting to cross the Missouri River in the vicinity of Rocheport. Found the information incorrect, and Sunday, about an hour before daylight, started up the mountain from Rocheport, and scoured the country a width of 3 or 4 miles, up to Land Mark, without result. From thence struck east toward Bethlehem, and when within 300 yards of picket-house saw two men run out and take to the bushes. We charged into the brush and soon got in sight again; shot one dead and caught the other, who miraculously escaped without a wound. He was fired at twenty or thirty times. The man killed was John W. Shipley, and the captured man Jim Shipley, his brother. I did not know who I was after while pursuing nor tho I had captured until he told me his name was Shipley. If I had I should have had him shot on the spot. He told me his name was William, when in fact John William was killed, and was only an obscure member of Captain Brown's company,, while Jim the was the most notorious scoundrel in Black Fort. I did not know him until Colonel Joe Douglass recognized him in the provost-marshal's office.

In the absence of the general I sent out a scout yesterday in the neighborhood of Friendship Meeting House, 11 miles north of here, and thence east toward Mount Zion, under Captain Ruel. Near Mount Zion they met and captured Lieutenant-Colonel Peacher, of the rebel army, who claims to be here for the purpose of recruiting, and with him a rebel named Northcut. He also arrested near the same place attempted Rouse, of Captain Hulett's company; he was alone, ran, and attempted to escape. Also B. J. Bathorton, of Price's army; says he has been at home about four months, and lives in Lewis County. He and rouse are considered bad men.

This man Peacher says he came back to recruit, but saw the difficulties attending it and never recruited a man; that his health has been bad and is now bad; that he has done all he could secretly to put down bushwhacking. I did not know that he was here until he was brought in. I am told by Colonel Douglass, Captain Garth, and others that he is the cleverest and ablest man in Boone County that joined the rebel army. I know nothing of him personally.

