
killed not less than 17, and probably much greater. The killed and wounded of the enemy will range from 50 to 75. We took 15 prisoners. Our loss was 22 wounded, none mortally, none killed, and none reported missing. The loss falls almost exclusively on the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, which led the advance, and, under the command of Captain Peters, charged the enemy in the most gallant and successful manner. Captain Peters himself was slightly wounded and his horse shot.

To the bravery, coolness, and skill of Captain Perkins is our success in this engagement in a great measure attributable. I ask your attention tot he particular instance of brave among his officers and men mentioned in his report.

Lieutenant Tucker, of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, I am sorry to say, was severely wounded int he thigh. He behaved with distinguished courage, as also did Lieutenant Groesbeck, who was seriously wounded in the foot, and Lieutenant Fitch slightly in the neck. Lieutenant Beckwith was also slightly wounded. The Fourth Iowa also lost 10 horses killed.

The small howitzers of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, under the skillful command of Lieutenant Butler, effectually checked the advance of the enemy and drove him back in confusion when attempting to charge on the Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

Sergeant [F. C.] Niemeyer, Company G, and Private [Paul] Anderson, Company C, were slightly wounded.

Total wounded, 23.

I desire in this connection to express my sense of obligation to the officers and men for their cheerful endurance of the fatigues of a hard march and the faithful performance of every duty.

I submit also the report of Captain Peters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VANDEVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General A. P. HOVEY, Commanding Army of the Southwest.

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain Marland L. Perkins, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, of skirmishes at Marianna and La Grange, Ark.

HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINTH ILL. CAV., Nov. 8, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that, in accordance with your orders, I left Moro at 6 a. m. with the Third and Fourth Iowa Cavalry and Ninth Illinois Cavalry. About 100 miles this side of Moro we met a force of the rebels, probably 100 strong, and after receiving a volley from the advance guard they disappeared in the brush and eluded all our efforts to find them. We resumed the march, and at Marianna we were again attacked by 100 rebels. They (the rebels) were formed across the road. At the first fire from the advance guard the rebels scattered on both sides of the road. Two companies of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry and two companies of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry were ordered to charge on the left of the road, which was executed by them in fine style. It being impossible to charge on the right of the road, several shells were thrown by the howitzers.

In this skirmish we killed 2 of the rebels and took 3 prisoners. The Fourth Iowa Cavalry had 1 commissioned officer and 2 privates wounded.

