
We resumed the march, and near Anderson's plantation we were fired on by 50 rebels from the top of the hill. The Fourth Iowa Cavalry deserves the highest praise for the gallant charge which they made up the hill, killing 5, wounding several, and taking 5 prisoners.

The Fourth Iowa Cavalry had 1 commissioned officers and - privates wounded in this skirmish.

We arrived at la Grange at 3.30 p. m. While feeding the horses we were attacked by about 500 mounted troops. About 150 charged immediately down the road, driving in our pickets. They advanced to within 100 yards of the howitzers, which commanded the position. The two howitzers, charged with grape and canister, were fired simultaneously. The rebels wheeled and retreated in great disorder, leaving 12 small-arms and some horse equipments on the ground. They then made an attack on our left, under of the buildings, which was promptly repelled by a part of the Third Iowa Cavalry and Ninth Illinois Cavalry. They afterward in line of battle in a field about a half mile from the road. A few shells from the howitzers threw them again in disorder, when they retreated to the woods.

It is impossible to accurately estimate the loss of the rebels in this severe skirmish. The smallest estimate would be about 50 killed and wounded.

To the Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Captain Peters in command, the highest praise is due for their gallant conduct. I would also commend to your attention Lieutenant Butler, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, commanding the howitzers, for his coolness and skill in the management of his howitzers, not a shot having been wasted.

My thanks are due to the officers and men of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, Captain McArthur commanding, for their brave and soldierly conduct. Especial mention is hereby made of Lieutenant Hillier, commanding Company A, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, for his determined courage in sustaining the shock of the charge of the rebels on the left flank until reenforced by the Third Iowa Cavalry, under command of Captain Anderson, to whom my thanks are due.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARLAND L. PERKINS,

Captain, Commanding

Colonel VANDEVER, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 2 Div., Army of the S. W.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINTH ILL. CAV., Nov. 9, 1862.

COLONEL: Captain Peters, Fought Iowa Cavalry, will furnish the names of the wounded of his command.

Sergeant Niemeyer, Company F, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and Private Anderson, of Company C, same regiment, were slightly wounded.

Sergeant Niemeyer deserves the highest praise for his conduct while in command of his pickets.

After the skirmish at La Grange one of the citizens of the place informed me that he saw 10 rebel bodies in the road. The dead were removed from the road to the yard adjoining.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,MARLAND L. PERKINS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

WILLIAM VANDEVER, Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 2 Div., Army of S. W.

