
Numbers 3. Report of Captain John H. Peters, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, of the skirmishes at Marianna and la Grange, Ark.

CAMP OF FOURTH IOWA CAVALRY,

November 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the casualties of yesterday's work as follows: Company H lost 4 seriously and 5 slightly wounded, including Lieutenant [S. W.] Groesbeck, seriously shot in the foot, Lieutenant Fitch slightly in the neck, and 3 horses killed. Company D lost 5 men seriously and 3 slightly wounded. Lieutenant [J. T.] Tucker was wounded by a rifle-shot in the right thigh and 5 horses killed. Company L lost 2 men seriously wounded. Company B had 2 men slightly wounded and 2 horses killed. Lieutenant [Warren] Beckwith was slightly wounded in the right side. Total loss, 11 seriously and 10 slightly wounded.

Where all (both officers and men) discharged their whole duty unflinchingly I cannot speak of individuals without prejudice to the rest.

I am unable to give any definite report of the enemy's loss, as during each engagement the prisoners and reports of the fight were immediately sent back to Captain perkins, commanding expedition, to whom I would most respectfully refer for a more minute report.

I only saw but 2 of the enemy's killed, but know from report that the number was much greater. The casualties to myself was a shot just cropping my left ear and one shot in my horse.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. PETTERS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Colonel VANDEVER,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

NOVEMBER 6-11, 1862.-Expeditions from Fort Scott, Kans., and skirmishes.

Report of Major Benjamin S. Henning, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FORT SCOTT, KANS.,November 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 6th instant I received a dispatch from Captain Breeden, dated Lamar, at 9 p. m. the night before, stating that he had been attacked about an hour before by 400 men under Quantrill, that they were still fighting, and asking for assistance. I immediately sent Captain Conkey with 80 men and Captain Coleman with 30 men, they leaving here at 4 o'clock a. m. Thursday morning. At 9 o'clock I learned that Captain Morton's train was at Carthage the same night, and being fearful that he would run right into the enemy I dispatches a messenger to Captain Conkey, stating the fact, and directing him to follow on and, if necessary, to fight his way through to the train. Captain Conkey did follow on and got after the enemy and killed 1 of them, and learned that the train has passed west in safety. On the night following the train arrived

