
In these expeditions my men have been very successful, losing none and having only a few wounded and have killed quite a number of the enemy and frightened them awfully. I have just learned that the citizens of Dry Wood are leaving with their families, after asking for a force which I could not give them; and Squire Redfield has also asked for a force in his vicinity, as the inhabitants are very much frightened.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING.

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT, Commanding, &amp;c.

NOVEMBER 7, 1862.-Action at Clark's Mill, Douglas Country, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Dudley Wickersham, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Captain Hiram E. Barstow, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

NOVEMBER 10, 1862.

General Schofield telegraphs that the enemy, 1,000 strong, under General Green, on the 7th, attacked two companies stationed in a block-house at Clark's Mill, near Vera Cruz. After six hours' fighting our troops (100) surrendered and were paroled. Our loss was 2 killed and 2 wounded. Enemy, 8 killed. A large force has been sent in pursuit if the enemy.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John M. Schofield, U. S. Army.

SPRINGFIELD, Mo., November 9, 1862.

The enemy 1,000 strong, under General Greene on the 7th instant attacked our forces at Clark's Mill, consisting of about 50 of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry and 50 of the Missouri State Militia, under Captain Barstow, and after a fight of six hours our forces surrendered. The enemy destroyed the block-houses. Our men were paroled. Our loss was 2 killed and 2 wounded. The enemy's loss was 8 killed. A large force has been sent in pursuit of the enemy.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.

