
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Dudley Wickersham, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS, Marshfield, Mo., Nov. 8, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the forces at Clark's Mill surrendered, after a constant fire from 11 a. m. 5 p. m. Our troops consisted of about 50 of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry and 50 of the State Militia. The enemy (1,000 strong) under the command of General Green. After the surrender the enemy remained at the post long enough to burn the block-house and other outhouses. Prisoners paroled. The enemy left on a double-quick, up what is known as Bryant, in a southerly direction. Our loss was killed and 2 wounded. Enemy's loss was 8 killed. Our troops were under the command of Captain H. E. Barstow, Company C, Tenth Illinois Cavalry. The troops sent out last night under major [M. L.] Stephenson returned this evening. Captain [E. J.] Searle and party, who were out from the mills at the time of the attack, have not arrived. I presume they are in pursuit of the enemy.

Will give you full report upon the arrival of Captain Barstow.

Very respectfully,D. WICKERSHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Colonel ORME, Commanding, Springfield, mo.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Hiram E. Barstow, Tenth Illinois Cavalry.

MARSHFIELD, Mo., November 10, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant I received information that from 300 to 400 of and about 8 a. m. received word that 7 bushwhackers had taken and killed 1 of our men about 4 miles east of here; and, thinking that there was a gang of bushwhackers passing through the country and were trying to pass our camp in two divisions north and east of us, dispatched Lieutenant [J. A.] McClure, with 20 men, in the direction of Gainesville. At the same time I started with 18 men to reconnoiter to the southward. I came onto the enemy's advance guard about 5 miles north of Rockbridge, on the Vera Cruz road; charged on them, and drove them back about 40 rods, killing 9 of their en and several horses. My loss was 2 men killed, 2 wounded, and 8 horses badly shot. I immediately fell back with my men and returned to camp; sent a messenger for Lieutenant McClure and scouts; dispatched a messenger to Lawrence Mill and Marshfield. My Marshfield messenger was driven in, and reported a large body of the enemy in the corn field on said road, and that they had fired on him. I immediately dispatched an other messenger through the brush in a southerly direction; at the same time a scout of 5 men in an easterly direction. They returned and reported another large force coming in from the northeast. I at once planted my 2-pounder artillery to receive them on both roads, and in ten minutes they opened fire upon us from the hill with two 6-pounders one-half mile northeast of camp. We immediately replied with our artillery and kept up the firing at intervals for five hours,

