
a distance of 30 miles from Lawrence Mills. Having neither force sufficient nor authority to march against Yellville, I thought best to visit the vicinity of Dubuque and break up the harbors of the rebels who have with impunity infested that portion of country. Taking a small number of the Enrolled Militia to serve as guides I marched at dusk, and during the greater part of the night traveled through the woods, sometimes on a dim road and sometimes without any road at all. Toward morning I ordered a halt, to rest and feed.

At daylight the march was renewed, and about 10 a. m. on the 11th we arrived within 3 miles of Dubuque. Here I concealed my men in the woods, and sent Lieutenant John R. Kelso, with 10 Enrolled Militia to play the part of rebels. They were to take 4 men of the Second Battalion, Fourteenth Regiment of Missouri State Militia, and conduct them as Federal prisoners into the vicinity of Dubuque, and assemble a sufficient number of the rebel provost guards to take charge of the prisoners. In the mean time I was to be kept informed of the progress of the affair by a messenger sent out on pretense of standing picket at a distance from the house at which they party should stop. At the proper time I was to surround the house and make prisoners of all rebels who had assembled. Lieutenant Kelso proceeded to the house of a man by the name of Yandle, who was very willing to aid in assembling the provost guards. By a mistake on the part of the man who was to report to me I marched too soon, and the result was that I took only 2 rebels, with their horses and arms. I remained a short time to feed and rest at yandle's, while Lieutenant Kelso, with 12 men, went into Dubuque, the headquarters of Captain Hudson's provost guards. The company, as we before learned, was not in camp. Three rebels only were found, all of whom fled on the approach of Lieutenant Kelso and party. They were all overtaken, however, and 12 killed and 1 taken prisoner. The men killed were Dr. Wilson, a surgeon in a rebel regiment, and a man by the name of Oldham, postmaster at Dubuque. They both had arms.

After the return of Lieutenant Kelso I proceeded up White River, marching so rapidly that no information of my approach preceded me. At almost every house I surprised and took some of the provost guards of Captain Hudson's and Captain Crabtree's companies. Most of them surrendered without resistance. Some ran, and these, when overtaken, were shot. At dusk we arrived at Captain Crabtree's, who was at home, but who escaped. I took 4 guns, 2 horses, and some other contraband articles. Here I ordered a half to feed and rest. We found a fat deer, just brought in, which, with plenty of apples, sweet potatoes, and such other articles of food as a good usually affords, was a fine treat to my weary and hungry men.

When both men and horses had feasted on Dixie's best and rested till midnight I marched to Clapp's Mills, where we surprised and took several rebels, among them a captain, an adjutant, and a lieutenant, of Colonel Hawthorne's regiment. The officers surrendered without resistance. Some of the men ran and 1 was killed. Lieutenant Day led the advance on this day, and acquitted himself in a manner that does him much credit.

After feeding at the mills I marched into camp, where, as you know, I arrived a short time after dark, having been absent four days, traveling in that time 130 miles, killing 4 rebels, wounding 2, and taking 25 prisoners, most of them rebel soldiers. I captured 25 stand of small arms and 35 horses.

In conclusion, colonel, I must speak a word of praise for the noble.

