
manner in which Lieutenants Day and Kelso aided me in all mu undertakings. They are both brave men and good officers. The men also deserve the highest praise. They bore the fatigue of the long night marches without a murmur and faced every danger with the utmost coolness. With such officers and men I shall always consider victory certain, even against great superiority of numbers.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURCH,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel POUND.

NOVEMBER 9, 1862.-Skirmish between Fayetteville and Cane Hill, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General James G. Blunt, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Bowen, Ark., November 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegraph communication dated Springfield, November 11.

I have also the honor to report that the detachment sent to Cane Hill, under command of Colonel Cloud, and of which I made mention in my last communication, returned yesterday. Colonel Cloud came upon a force of provost guards, 300 strong, between Fayetteville and Cane Hill. They were under command of the notorious Emmett macDonald. They fled across the Boston Mountains, Colonel Cloud chasing them within 18 miles of Van Buren, killing their flag-bearer and capturing the flag. All their transportation fell into our hands, and was burned by Colonel Cloud. I send you copy of a printed general order of Hindman's, found among Mac Donald's papers that fell into Colonel Cloud's possession. It is important, as showing their prescribed mode warfare.*

Fourteen conscript deserters from Colonel Brooks' regiment, and formerly citizens of Washington County, Arkansas, came into my lines yesterday. They desired to enlist in the Federal service. They also represent that large numbers will desert the rebel service whenever they can get to our lines with safety.

I shall move my command to-morrow to Flint Creek, 10 miles south.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Div, Army of the Frontier.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier.

NOVEMBER 16-21, 1862.-Expedition from Helena against Arkansans Post Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Alvin P. Hovey, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. ARMY OF EASTERN DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camp at Helena, November 22, 1862.

SIR: I wrote you on the 16th instant that I would make a dash upon the Post of Arkansas. With this view I embarked 6,000 infantry and

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

