
Trusting that my views and actions will meet with the approbation of Major-General Curtis, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 17-18, 1862.-Operations about Cassville and Keetsville, Mo.

Report of Colonel John M. Richardson, Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry (Militia).
HEADQUARTERS POST AT CASSVILLE, MO.,November 20, 1862.

COLONEL: On the 17th instant a loyal woman advised me of the arrival of a small party of rebels on Roaring River. I immediately sent Lieutenant Gibson with 10 men to scout the country south, to ascertain if a large force was approaching this post. He went as far south as Easlie's Fort of White River, traveling down Roaring River. He ran out of Easlie's house 4 men, 1 of whom was killed and 1 captured. These men had a camp near Easlie's house, at which was

captured 2 tents, 3 saddles, 3 horses, and 2 mules, which have been turned over to the quartermaster. William McMurthy, the prisoner, belongs to Dixon's company of "Provos," as he terms them. The business of such companies (as I am informed) is to confiscate the property of Union men. Lieutenant Gibson made no discovery of the approach of a large force.

On the 18th instant I sent Captain Julian, with 20 men, to scour the country in the vicinity of Keetsville, as an enemy might get into the road at that point and approach this post. The captain captured Thomas H. George, a member of the rebel army, at the house of John Roller, 5 miles south of Keetsville. From Roller's house he ran 2 bushwhackers. He also captured Harrison Cornelison, an active rebel, heretofore engaged in robbing Union men of their property. The captain made no discovery of the approach of a large force. He captured one horse and saddle, which have been turned over.

I am well pleased with the prompt and efficient services of Captains Julian and Gibson, and with such officers will feel easy in meeting the rebel forces.

This morning, being reliable informed that there were 4,000 infantry and 500 rebel cavalry at Huntsville, I sent out a detachment of 30 men, under command of Lieutenant Wilcox., Stephens, and Ball, in the direction of White River, with orders to keep a good lookout for the approach of an enemy. This rebel cavalry is within striking distance of this post of the road from here to Elkhorn, Ark. I have stopped the train for Elkhorn at this place for the present.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Cool. C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Frontier.

