
captured horse. I am obliged to use many of them to remount my men. The high speed and mud break down our own and make them for the time unserviceable. But there are many of no use for cavalry, if they were needed. I beg instructions what to do with them. I must also remind you again of our need of effective arms. It is important that we act now with energy. In a short time the foliage will place us at a great disadvantage. I only regret that the weather is so bad.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Forsyth, April 14, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have most of my army in this vicinity. Valleys so narrow I have to extend for forage. Price's main force was at Jacksonport last Thursday (11th). He is procuring supplies from the region of Salem. He is on the Fork, which is impassable for my army but as soon as I can get bread for five days I will make him feel me in some way. My movements will of course be governed by orders or movements of the general.

A steady pressure now will the monstrous rebellion. Starvation threatens their armies, and the hungry soldiers threaten their leaders. Many are coming in to surrender and give security for future good behavior.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PITTSBURG LANDING, TENN., April 15, 1862.

Brigadier General FRED. STEELE, Reeves' Station:

Advance and take possession of Pocahontas and Jacksonport. Van Dorn has moved on Memphis.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS, Numbers 6. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 16, 1862.

I. Brigadier General James Craig, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is assigned to the command of all troops in the vicinity of the Overland Mail-Route from its eastern termination to the western boundary of this district.

II. As it is of the utmost importance that the overland mail should be uninterrupted, General Craig will enter at once upon his duties and will take such measures as will insure ample protection to said mail company and their property against Indians or other depredators. He will establish his headquarters at Fort Kearny of Report Laramie, as he may hereafter judge most expedient for carrying out the requirements of this order.

By order of Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Captain, Light Artillery, Kans. Vols., and A. A. A. G.

