HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp at Swan Creek, April 17, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON:

CAPTAIN: Tell the general I am trying to move, but continual floods and scarcity of food are material obstacles in the way of my progress. I shall labor day and night to overcome them.

SAML. R. CURTIS.

Major-General.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 18, 1862.

The importance of keeping open the communication between the Government and the States on the Pacific, and the Territories and military posts situated between, renders the overland mail a military necessity. All property, therefore, of the overland company (such as horses, mules, harness, carriages, &amp;c.), necessary for the carrying of said mail, is hereby exempted from civil process. All persons are hereby cautioned against interrupting said mail, on any pretense whatever, on pain of being arrested and by a military commission.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-general, Commanding.

ROLLA, April 18, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Churchill, with 2,000 men, joined Coleman and MacFarlane three days ago south of West Plains and on north side of White River. He must have crossed opposite Yellville, Ark. Scout says they talk of attacking some point for provisions. Colonel Wood is between this point and them.

I am strong enough here for 2,000 or 3,000 of them if they come here. Sent down Colonel Scott, Captain Kelly, and Lieutenant M. Harris, of rebel army captured day before yesterday 10 miles from here.

S. H. BOYD,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp on Little Beaver, April 19, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

CAPTAIN: It rains night and day; streams all high, mud axle deep. Quartermaster rations of breadstuff. Men in good health and spirits. Moving as fast as I can get teams forward. Have cavalry down in Arkansas below Gainesville. My infantry and artillery by different routes heading the Middle and North Fork, both of which are swimming.

I leave Colonel; Wright's command, about 400 cavalry, at Forsyth. My foraging parties occasionally meet straggling bands, but find no large rebel force. A party of Colonel Carr's division attacked a band of rebels on the south side of White River Friday, wounding 2; none

