
REEVES' STATION, April 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Pittsburg, Teen.:

The telegraph line has not ben in operation for the last week. One brigade is at Pocahontas, two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry; two regiment of cavalry are at Pitman's Ferry and two of infantry en route for that place.

Our movements have been delayed by constant heavy rains and high water. The supply trains could not be across the streams between this and Pilot Knob; the pontoon bridge was not sent forward for want of transportation. I shall leave here for Jacksonport this p. m. or tomorrow morning. The rebel troops have all left Arkansas except 500 Missouri cavalry and Pike's Indians. I shall not be able to reach the Mississippi River from Jacksonport, except by river transportation, for some weeks hence. The Cache River bottom is impracticable. My spy sent to General has not returned. The general was reported at Forsyth on the 10th instant. There appears to be a strong Union feeling in Arkansas. Committees have been sent to welcome us.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

VERA CRUZ, MO.,

Forwarded from Saint Louis, April 25, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn.:

My advance arrived here last night. Will be at North Fork this evening. Infantry and artillery coming up slowly. Am running all the mills within 20 miles. Forage very scarce. Will have to go east to West Plains before I get south. This is an awful country and rough; plenty mountains and narrow, rich valleys. I have to spread over and take all the food and forage in the country.

SAML. R. CURTIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS, Numbers 8. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 25, 1862.

I. In conformity with instructions from Headquarters Department of the Mississippi no Indians will be mustered into service in this district without orders from those headquarters.

II. Numbers Indians, therefore, will be raised for that purpose within the limits of this district; and the military authorities are hereby required and directed to arrest and bring post any person or persons acting in violation of this order.

By order of Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

VERA CRUZ, MO.,

Forwarded from Saint Louis, April 26, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Pittsburg, Tenn.:

My troops take rebel deserters and scattering jayhawkers hiding in these mountains, and recently some supplies which have been hid away for rebel uses. My advance cavalry is about 20 miles east. Some of

