
east of Jacksonport quite impassable for teams and heavy artillery. I could sent cavalry to Jacksonport and beyond to threaten the enemy, and move my teams and heavy forces directly east from here directly east from here, heading the swamp. Does the general approve this last plan for my movement? Supplies beyond Pocahontas could not be procured or transported by land fast enough to allow a rapid movement with my entire army. To go beyond Jacksonport double my supply trains will be necessary if I have to depend on wagons. If boats could bring supplies to Jacksonport I could go there in three days and make similar speed below; but to bring necessary supplies from Rolla the train increases in a terrible compound ratio as I go south.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,West Plains, April 28, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON, A. A. G., Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: Tell the general my command has overcome the mountains and by working night and day my teams will all cross Big North Fort by to-morrow morning. My troops have to take all the forage within a scope of 50 miles to feed our animals and with worn-out mules and horses overcome the worst of roads. Van Dorn and Price has supplies, steamboats, and railroads to expedite their trip down the Arkansas of course they could run away from us. If ever men deserved commendation for incessant toil and success in overcoming obstacles this command does for its march through the Ozark Mountains.

Want of supplies and swamps are the obstacles now before me.

As before, I shall labor incessantly to make headway.

Coleman's band, which has been located near Salem, ran south of White River when my cavalry got to the mouth of Big North. They are 300 or 400 strong.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 160. Salem, Ark., April 30, 1862.

I. The Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General A. Asboth, except the cavalry portion thereof, ordered to report direct at these headquarters, will proceed by the nearest and most practicable route to be determined by General Asboth from information he can gain of the roads, to a point 12 mail west of this, known as Bennett's River or Bennett's Bayou, take position, report, and await further orders.

II. The detachments of cavalry herein named will immediately prepare ten days' rations, as much of them cooked as possible, and be prepared to move at a moment's warning, with one tent to a company and the smallest possible number of cooking utensils. The officers of each will report for verbal instructions this evening:

Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Third Iowa Cavalry.

Bowen's Battalion.

Cavalry Companies A and B, Thirty-sixth Illinois Regiment.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

