
flooded. I am preparing means to cross the White River, so as to drive some Texas troops and take Little Rock. My supply trains are still behind. If boats cannot be had my main force will have to fall back of supplies; but I hope the force in Tennessee and the gunboats will open the mouths of these rivers and the commerce of this country.

The people are crowing in to the oath of allegiance.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

MONTEREY, May 6, 1862-5 p. m.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Direct Curtis to move a part of his infantry regiments to Rolla, Pilot Knob, or the Mississippi ar rapidly as possible, so that they can be sent to Pittsburg. He must operate in Arkansas mostly with cavalry and artillery. Van Dorn and Price are both here. Curtis' infantry must make forced marches, so as to re-enforce us as soon as possible. Direct Schofield to send in all the infantry within his reach and replace them with cavalry. see the agent of the Adams and Company Express, and say they will have my permission to run express to Pittsburg Landing.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., May 7, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Acting Inspector-General:

GENERAL: Yesterday my cavalry destroyed another extensive saltpeter manufactory, which I discovered about 14 miles northwest of this place. I have completed a rope ferry, by means of which one division will cross White River to-day. Crowds are coming to take the oath of allegiance. The people generally think secession is played out. General Steele's command in at and near Jacksonport, united with my command. He will visit these headquarters to-day. We are shoeing horses and procuring fresh mules for those broken down.

Long marches over rough roads have worn-out much of my transportation. The ox train sent by Major Allen has not yet arrived, and I am told it it worn-out and obliged to stop the other side of Salem.

My troops are in good health and spirits.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, Kans., May 7, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

The letter of instructions from Major-General Halleck to Brigadier-General Sturgis, dated April 6, 1862,* and order of General Sturgis, of date May 1, 1862, reached these headquarters last night. There were

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. VIII, p. 668.

---------------

