
located here the following troops: Eight companies of the Ninth Wisconsin Infantry (two companies, under Lieutenant-Colonel [Henry] Orff, having been sent to Carthage, Mo., and vicinity), one company of the Second Ohio Cavalry (nine companies being located at Lamar and Carthage, Mo., and two companies at Iola, Kans.), and the Second Indiana Battery, under command of Captain Rabb. The Tenth Kansas Infantry is in camp some 5 miles from here.

In compliance with the above-named orders I sent three companies of the Ninth Wisconsin and two pieces of artillery, under command of Major A. Jacobi, to join the two companies of the Ninth Wisconsin, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Orff (he being ordered as a member of the military commission to convene of the 8th instant), and tho co-operate with Major [George A. Purington, of the Second Ohio Cavalry, with five companies of said cavalry to remain at Lamar and two at carthage, Mo.

The enemy is reported to be at Neosho and Cowskin Prairie, newton County, Missouri. The above-named troops left this morning.

Very respectfully, your,

F. SALOMON,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Wis. Vol. Infantry., temporarily Commanding Post.

P. S.-Since writing the above the Tenth Kansas has removed to this post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 3. Fort Leavenworth, May 7, 1862.

I. Whereas the depredation committed with the limits of this department, especially the frontier counties of Kansas by marauding parties have become so frequent and alarming as to render insecure the lives and property of all classes of citizens; and

II. Whereas it having come to the knowledge of the general commanding that certain miscreants have been engaged in perpetrating the detestable crime of seizing persons of color within the limits of this department and without authority of law transferring the to the Department of Mississippi.

III. It is therefore hereby declared to be the determined purpose of the general commanding to use the military power to aid in the preservation of the peace and the execution of the civil laws. To that end it is hereby orders that all commandants or regiments, companies, or detachments of troops within the limits of this department are especially directed to be vigilant in securing the arrest of such offenders as mentioned in the preceding paragraph and surrender them to the civil authority, when in the opinion of the military officer making the arrest the civil authorities are competent for the safe-keeping, trial, and punishment of such offenders, otherwise they will be reported to these headquarters, or such other place as may be hereafter designated, to be tried a military commission.

By order of Brigadier General James G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

