
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 4. Fort Leavenworth, May 9, 1862.

I. All officers making arrests pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 3, dated Headquarters Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, May 7, 1862, are hereby directed to forward the charges, specifications, and list of witness against the parties arrested to these headquarters without delay, and, if possible, all charge against parties arrested for jayhawking, kidnaping, or other offenses committed will be handed in to this office at the time the parties are delivered up to the military authority at this post.

II. The sentence in paragraph III of the general orders above referred to "are especially directed to be vigilant ion securing the arrest of such offenders as mentioned in the preceding paragraph "should read" paragraphs."

By order of Brigadier General James G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 168. Batesville, Ark., May 9, 1862.

I. The brigade formed by Brigadier-General Asboth, composed of Fourth and Fifth Missouri Cavalry and the Flying battery commanded by Colonel George E. Waring, jr., of Fourth Regiment Missouri Cavalry is dissolved.

II. The detachment Fifth Regiment Missouri Cavalry, Colonel J. Nemett, and Fourth Regiments Missouri Cavalry, Colonel George E. Waring, jr., will proceed immediately to cross White River at they ferry below this town and report to Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus, Colonel Nemett taking the advance in crossing.

III. The division of the army known as the Second and Third Division, commanded by Brigadier Gens. A. Asboth and J. C. Davis, are hereby dissolved.

Commanding officers of regiment or detachment in each not receiving immediate orders from these headquarters will report by letter therefore.

IV. The commanding officers of the following-named regiments will report with their commands with the utmost speed to Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Volunteers, in camp 12 miles north of this town:

Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers.

Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteers.

Second Missouri Volunteers.

Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers.

V. The regiments, as ordered in the foregoing paragraph of this order, having reported, Brigadier-General Asboth will proceed with his command by forced marches by the nearest and most practicable route to Cape Girardeau, Mo., when he will receive further orders from the department commander.

VI. The commanding officers of the following-named regiments will report with their commands with the utmost speed to Brigadier General J. C. Davis, U. S. Volunteers, in camp at Sulphur Rock:

Twenty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

