
Twenty-second Regiment Volunteers.

Fifty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Thirty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

VII. The regiments, as order in the foregoing paragraph of this order, having reported, Brigadier-General Davis will proceed by the nearest and most practicable route force marches to Cape Girardeau, Mo., where he will received further orders from the department commander.

* * * *

IX. Brigadier-General Steele will order two regiment of infantry under his command to proceed by forced marches to Cape Girardeau, mo., where they will receive further orders from the commanding general of the department. General Steele will report by letter what regiment he has ordered to return under this order and the probable time at which they will reach their specified destination.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., May 10, 1862.

Bri. General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I do not understand and order of the quartermaster to stop trains. An order came for me to send infantry to Tennessee, and I have sent all I can spare while I am so far in advance of other armies. My advance is south of Memphis. I was rapidly moving on Little Rock, but a dispatch to my quartermaster, saying that trains are stopped, has induced me to half, as we are now scare of bread.

I hope explanations will come immediately. Great excitement in Little Rock on hearing of my approach, Militia gathering, but the people divided in sentiment. A few Texas Rangers in and expected at Little Rock. Have sent scouts and some force east of Jacksonport to feel the enemy if possibLE.

SAM;L. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 169. Batesville, Ark., May 10, 1862.

I. The first clause of paragraph III, of Special Orders, Numbers 168, is rescinded.

II. The troops moving under Brigadier-General Asboth will bear the name of the Second Division, Army of the Southwest, and those under Brigadier General J. C. Davis as the Third Division, Army of the Southwest. In parting with the officers and soldiers of these division the general commanding feels an aiding confidence that they will show themselves when called upon, no matter in what trying occasions, worthy of the fame that has gone before them, and he trusts they will to the glory they have achieved under his command and do more distinguished service for their country. The general his thanks to Generals

