
Company C, with instructions to proceed to Osawatomie, take possession of the fords and roads leading in and out of the town, and to remain there during night, allowing no person to pass out. Sergeant Morris reached Osawatomie, taking post, agreeably to orders, at about 10 o'clock that evening. I started with the balance of the command myself at daylight on the 11th, reaching Osawatomie about 6 a. m. Sergeant Morris, deeming it prudent to close in with his command at the approach of daylight, surrounded the house occupied by said Cleavland and three of his accomplices. Cleavland soon made his appearance at the window with a revolver in his hand, demanding who was there. When informed by the sergeant that it was a party to arrest him-being ordered to surrender-he refused to do so, and swore that he would shoot the first man that attempted to arrest him, and that if they did not leave he would call in boys (as he said he had the most) and kill the last one of them. But finding he completely surrounded, and seeing no chance to escape, promised to give himself up, provided 2 men would go with him a short distance to a house to transact some business, pledging his word be would not attempt to escape. He was allowed to mount a house and go in company with a guard to said house. While in his way he attracted the attention of the guard to some other object, whirling his horse suddenly around, and succeeding in getting to a timber of the Pottawatomie River. He was closely pursued by our men. After reaching the Pottawatomie he commenced firing at his pursuers. The fire promptly returned, one ball taking effect on rear of the right shoulder, passing diagonally through the region of the heart, killing him instantly. One other man was taken with him, who says he is a deserter from Jamison's regiment, by the name of Barber. I was informed by Mrs. General R. B. Mitchell that the said Cleavland, with some of his men, made an attempt to rob her of her trunk, which contained a considerable amount of money, as she was on her way from Leavenworth City to her residence in Linn County a few days since, but was prevented from doing so by the opportune arrival in sight of Lieutenant Walker, Sixth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, with an escort of soldiers, on his way to Leavenworth Hoping that my acts in this case may meet your approbation, I have the honor to remain, with due respect, your most obedient servant,

H. S. GREENO,

Captain, Commanding Post Paola, Kans.

MONTEREY, May 12, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

On reaching Little Rock you will assume the direction of affairs in Arkansas as military governor. All civil authorities who are untrustworthy, or who will not take the oath of allegiance, will be removed from office and others appointed in their place. The telegraph will follow you as soon as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, May 12, 1862.

General CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.:

Eight hundred rebels reported near Bloomfield and Poplar Bluff, with a large number of cattle, destined for Confederate army south. Colonel

