
Daniels, from Cape Girardeau, after them. The officer in charge of the force ordered to Cape Girardeau from your command should be notified.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Booneville, Ark., May 12, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Acting Inspector-General.

GENERAL: By accident Captain [Thomas G.] McClelland and 10 men of the Third Illinois Cavalry were drowned yesterday in crossing White River. General Osterhaus, near Searcy, report 1 man killed by rebel scouts. The Little Red River is unfordable, but we have taken a small ferry-boat. Heavy firing was heard early Sunday morning in the direction of Memphis of Fort Pillow. General Steele reports that Colonel Baker was within 84 miles of Memphis on a reconnaissance when this firing was heard. The overflow prevents a nearer approach in that direction. An N. B. found in a letter says it is reported that Jeff. Thompson has gone up the Saint Francis River with an army to surround the Federals at Jacksonport. If this is true the troops now en route to Cape Girardeau will check his movement, but I have assurances that Jeff. Thompson shipped his force from Helena to Memphis about ten days ago. My means for crossing the river are very trifling. I am expecting a pontoon train which was given to General Steele, and my quartermaster says ship-carpenters with tools are on they way. The failure to fill requisitions of my engineer officer, Hoeppner, and his subsequent withdrawal from my staff, leaving me without any engineer officer, has been a great inconvenience to me and to the public service.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

MOUNT VERNON, Mo., May 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH:

On 7th instant I ordered Captain Breeden to take 50 of his company, with Lieutenant Worley, with part of my Rangers, and proceed to Neosho, and ascertain the condition of the country, its resources, &amp;c. The force consisted of 103 men, rank and file. The expedition marched to Neosho by Jollification, Newtonia, and Granby, taking several prisoners on the way, all of whom released on their promise to appear at Mount Vernon on the 11th instant. At Jollification, William Walker, a rebel desperado, was killed ; was well armed, having 50 rounds of ammunition on his person. At Granby, Captain Jennings, of the rebel bushwhackers, was severely wounded.

The rebels were not anticipating the approach of the expedition at neosho until it reached within a mile of the place. The most the men left town-all the leaders save once.

The country around Neosho is scarce of provisions and forage, but there is plenty within from 10 to 15 miles. No information can be had of Union men in Newton, so complete is the region of terror exercised

