
The bombardment of Norfolk by our fleet was commenced with great energy on the 8th, but results were not determined.

Truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 172. Batesville, Ark., May 13, 1862.

* * * *

VII. The division of the Army of the Southwest having been reorganized, as set forth in General Orders, Numbers 19, paragraph III, the commanding officers of the following named regiments, detachments, and batteries will report by letter without delay to Brigadier General Fred. Steele, commanding Fist Division; Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, Eighteenth Indiana Infantry, Eight Indiana Infantry, Third-third Illinois Infantry, First Indiana Battery, Sixteenth Ohio Battery, First Missouri Battery Davidson's battery, First Indiana Cavalry, Captain Dodson's cavalry, Third Iowa Cavalry.

VIII. The Eighteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers temporarily detached from the First Division, will move into camp adjoined this post, of which Colonel Pattison will assume temporary command. The reports of the regiment during this detachment will be forwarded through General Steele, as though not detached.

IX. The division of the Army of the Southwest having been reorganized, as set forth in General Orders, Numbers 19, paragraph III, the commanding officers of the following named regiments, detachments, and batteries will report to Brigadier General E. SA. Carr, commanding Second Division: Ninth Iowa Infantry, Fourth Iowa Infantry, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, Third Illinois Cavalry, First Missouri Cavalry, Elbert's Flying Battery, First Iowa Battery, Dubuque (Iowa) Battery.

X. The division of the Army of the Southwest having been reorganized, as set forth in General Order, Numbers 19, paragraph III, the commanding officers of the following named regiments, detachments, and batteries will report to Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus, commanding Third Division: Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, Twelfth Missouri Infantry, Third Missouri Infantry, Fifth Missouri Cavalry, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Welfley's battery, Hoffmann's battery, Second Ohio Battery.

By command of Major-general Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORTH LEARNED, KANS., May 14, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of Kansas:

CAPTAIN: The Kiowas, Apaches, and Arapahoes are infesting the road between Walnut and Cow Creeks. Their exactions from the trains are becoming the subject of frequent complaint, which I am powerless to relieve. I conceive it therefore an imperative duty to call the immediate attention of the department commander commander to that subject, and to urge the necessity for prompt action, with a view to secure travelers

