
Fourth Iowa Cavalry, who had been left behind there, were attacked. They retreated in to the house in which they had some sick men, when the rebels fired into the doors and windows. Our men returned a few shots, and the rebels fled, killing no one. I sent one expedition after the leader of this gang (his name is Highfield), but did not succeed in getting him. I hear of many small bands through the country and some few companies being organized. Few troops have ever passed this route, and our appearance frightened them considerably.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ALTON, MO.,Via Rolla, May 15, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

GENERAL: Dispatch in regard to 800 rebels with cattle at Poplar Bluff received 10 a. m.; will keep a good lookout; have only 60 housemen with me. Infantry have marched 80 miles in four days, many of them barefooted. Can't you send shoes to me at Dallas of Greenville?

Five hundred pairs will do.

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Camp Lyon, on Stephens' Creek, Ark., May 15, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt., General, Headquarters Army of the Southwest:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of the commanding general's dispatch of 14th instant.

The rebels last night fired a warehouse containing 200 bales of cotton on the south side of Little Red River, 1 mile from our pickets, at Searcy Landing. There is some cotton at the landing, also on south side, the property of a good Union man, who has shown great willingness to assist us. To insure the safety of this lot I have, with the owner's consent, directed its removal to this side of the river.

Yesterday I sent out two strong scouting parties, one toward Grand Glaze, the other toward Augusta.

Copy of report from the former place is annexed and I will report the result of the other as soon as received.

I am, major, very respectfully,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division,

[Inclosure.]

GRAND GLAZE, May 14, 1862.

We arrived here at 10.20 a. m. and immediately surrounded the town. We got the following information: The gunboats expected are Federal and not rebel. The rumor came from Jacksonport that provision would soon arrive by gunboats. The last Federal troops here on Saturday, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood. The last rebel

25 R R-VOL XIII

