
the border counties troops from other State, or from the eastern part of this State, who do not participate in the local prejudices of the people. In every instance the success of the experiment has been highly satisfactory.

That part of the State lying north of the Missouri River is in a state of almost perfect peace, with the exception presented in General Loan's letter. The central portion of the State is rapidly becoming pacified, and I hope soon, with the aid of troops now moving in that direction, to obtain equally perfect control over the southern portion.

The most difficult thing now to be accomplished in Missouri is to restore peace and prosperity to the counties bordering on Kansas. This can readily be done by a judicious and conservative use of the troops of the respective State. Without this it will be difficult to prevent open hostility between the Union troops of Kansas and Missouri. In this view it appears to me unfortunate that the two States cannot be under the same commander, who would thus have the power of immediate redress of any wrongs that are likely to be committed as well as to render them much less frequent than now.

As, however, this unity of command does not exist, I see no way of preventing the difficulties referred to but by forbidding the troops of either department to enter the other, and even this&lt; I apprehend, will prove only partially effectual.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHWEST MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, May 13, 1862.

General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Mo. S. M., Saint Louis, Mo.

GENERAL: Herewith I inclose you a copy of Major Dale's report from Platte City, a copy of a statement I have received from some of the most prominent citizens of Platte Country, a part of whom are, it is true, very decided in their sympathy for the South. Ample time for a reply from General Blunt has elapsed, but I have received no response to my note. The 5 men I understand are still detained as prisoners at Fort Leavenworth. It is imperatively demanded, to preserve the peace and quiet of the border, that these prisoners be released, and that ample assurances be given that no military arrests will hereafter be made except they be order by these who have military jurisdiction over the district.

I have been informed by the clerk of the circuit court, George W. Belt, eqa., and Judge Gilbert, that the ministerial officers will not serve writs in their possession for fear of being arrested by General Blunt's orders, there being no troops in the country, Major Dale having remove to Kansas City City. I have not been able to supply his place, and probably will not for the next ten days, owing to the impossibility of procuring transportation.

If we are to have a border war with the thieves of Kansas backed by authority it will be inconvenient to spare the Sixth Regiment. If the control of affairs in Kansas was given to a friend of law and order two regiments will present the utmost tranquility in the Northwest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia, Commanding Dist.

