
I am information that the cause for the arrest of the parties referred to by Major Dale was a controversy between certain citizens of Missouri and citizens of Kansas who came to Missouri and claimed property, which, being denied, finally resulted in a lawsuit instituted to determine the right to the property, and which it is said your soldiers afterward took by force, in defiance of the civil tribunals of the State, and arrested the parties connected with the suit.

I am not willing to believe that it is possible that such a course could be authorized or approved by you, and now I merely call your attention to the matter as an abuse of authority, which I do not doubt you will find the means to prevent in the future. I have ever been careful to cultivate the most kindly feeling between the citizens of Missouri and Kansas, and which has been reciprocated to the fullest extent by the authorities of Kansas. I hope nothing will occur that will require a change of these relations, and whilst I shall ever observe the most scrupulous regard for the rights of the citizens of Kansas it is my duty to furnish protection to the citizens of Missouri, and it shall be done.

In this connection permit me to add that I shall be happy at all times to have arrested any and all who, being guilty of any military offenses, have sought an asylum in this military district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia, Commanding Dist.

PLATTE CITY, Mo., May -, 1862.

Brigadier-General LOAN:

DEAR SIR: We, the undersigned, citizens of Plate Country, Missouri, would respectfully submit to you for your consideration that following statement:

On the 6th instant a man from Kansas went to the house of one William Walker, [Baker?] in this county, and demanded of him his horse; Walker refused to give him up. The horse was then taken from Walker by force. After the thief left, Walker, with a few of his neighbors, overtook him near Farley, in this country, and captured him. He was turned over to the civil authorities, and brought to this place for trial. About 5 o'clock p. m. yesterday about 30 soldiers from the fort rode into town and arrested the man who made the affidavit and took the horse from Mr. Walker, and produced an order from Brigadier-General Blunt for the arrest of every who had anything to do with catching the man who took the horse. We earnestly remonstrated against this proceeding. If it is continued we cannot enforce civil law. No officer will issue a writ; none dare serve it.

We hope that our military will be used to support and aid the civil law, and that we can have some protection from the thieves and outlaws of Kansas. We ask that this case be inquired into, and that the authorities of Kansas be notified not to interfere with the laws of our State.

A. BURGE et al.

