HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, May 16, 1862.

General W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Acting Inspector-General:

GENERAL:

I am directed, as you know, to take supervision of affairs in Arkansas. I will be too far away from the region of Pilot Knob to know the movements of the enemy in that vicinity. It is reported Thompson is moving up Crowley Ridge. I think it would be well for General Schofield to have charge of that region, especially that within Missouri. General Steele's force is distributed along the lines, but I need all of it this side of Pocahontas. I have two lines on my hands, and at present must keep them up, in order to preserve the peace of the country. One is to Rolla to Pilot Knob. Large trains will be on each, and as far as possible troops should concentrate on or near them. Rector's call for militia force is likely to give me trouble in Arkansas.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., May 17, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Acting Inspector-General:

GENERAL: In reply to your telegram of the 14th instant I have the honor to state, as I have already written, that the following general officers and their staffs and following regiments have moved by forced marches to Cape Girardeau:

Brigadier Gens. A. Asboth and J. C. Davis; Second Missouri Infantry, Fifteenth Missouri, Forty-fourth Illinois Infantry, Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry, Thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry, Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, Fifth-ninth Illinois Infantry; Thirty-eight Illinois Infantry, Twenty-first Illinois Infantry; also Company C, Fifty Missouri Calvary (Benton Hussars), and Company F, First Missouri Cavalry.

The following regiments, detachment, and batteries remain under this command.

First Division, Brigadier General F. Steele; Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry; Eighteenth Indiana Infantry, Eighth Indiana Infantry, Thirty-third Illinois Infantry, First Indiana Cavalry, Captain Dodson's cavalry (2 companies) Third Iowa Cavalry (6 companies, under Colonel Bussey), First Indiana Battery, Sixteenth Ohio Battery, First Missouri Battery, Division's battery.

Second Division, Brigadier General E. A. Carr; Ninth Iowa Infantry, Fourth Iowa Infantry, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, Fourth Iowa Cavalry., Third Illinois Cavalry, First Missouri Cavalry (3 companies), Elbert's battery, First Iowa Battery, Dubuque Battery.

Third Division, Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus; Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, Twelfth Missouri Infantry, Third Missouri Infantry, Fourth Missouri Cavalry (6 companies), Fifth Missouri Cavalry (5 companies), Sixth Missouri Cavalry (6 companies), Welfley's battery, Hoffmann's battery, Second Ohio Battery.

At post and detached: Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, First Illinois

