
Pilot Knob. He also writes about the concentration of troops on or near said route, and fears Governor Rector's proclamation may give him (Curtis) trouble. Colonel Daniels attacked the rebels, under Colonel Jeffers, 40 miles from Bloomfield, and reports from Chalk Bluff that he seized a ferry-boat and crossed under enemy's fire, routed and pursued them 6 miles into Arkansas. We have 2 lieutenants wounded, 1 mortally; 1 private killed and 6 wounded. The enemy lost 11 killed, and 17 wounded, who were captured. Also provisions, horses, and arms.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, May 19, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Mt lime of communication between this place and Rolla is threatened at Houston and Selma. It was my expectation to move Cassville and Springfield forces east to support me as soon as the wounded at Cassville could be moved. The order giving General Brown, command in Southwest Missouri left force on that old line, which I cannot order on the new or to strengthen this command. If the Kansas troops down toward the Indian country there would be no need of force at Cassville, and Springfield would not require much. My line is so long, if attacked, I have need of more force. The force at Cassville and Springfield was expected to come forward; that at Forsyth is also a supporting power to the new line, which should be strengthened. I move forward to-day, leaving General Steele in charge of this region of country. A set of assassins are prowling about Little Red River. One of our men bathing in that river was shot and beaten to death with clubs. I have ordered such villains not to be taken as prisoners.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., May 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward additional papers in the case of the difficulty between Brigadier-General Loan, of Missouri, and Brigadier-General Blunt, of Kansas, which I made the subject of a communication to you on the 16th instant.

I have cautioned General Loan to avoid, if possible, any serious difficulty until I can receive instructions from the War Department or from Major-General Halleck.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTHWEST MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., May 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Missouri State Militia, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Herewith I inclose a copy of a letter which I have just

