
SAINT LOUIS, May 20, 1862.

J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Twenty-five wagons, loaded with subsistence and ordnance, captured by the rebels under Coleman this morning 17 miles from Rolla. Colonel Boyd gone toward Waynesville, Major Goff toward Tuscumbia, and two companies will leave California to-morrow for Linn Creek. General Brown, Missouri State Militia, still at Jefferson City; Colonel Carlin with two regiments reached Cape Girardeau to-day; the other eight regiments expected to reach there to-morrow. I sent clothing, subsistence, &amp;c., to them. Steams will be in readiness to transport them. Captain or Lieutenant Cross arrested, and ordered to be placed in charge of Captain Hotchkiss, whose battery was to have left to-day. The detachment of the Ninth Missouri and Twenty-sixth Indiana detained for the present at Rolla, which has been much reduced by scouts and escorts; they will be sent to you as soon as they can be spared at Rolla. Captain Du Barry sent to Cape Girardeau to subsist the troop en route to you.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEARNED, KANS., May 20, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: Poor Bear, the oldest chief of the Arkansas Apaches, has been here to tell me that a council has been held at Walnut Creek, in the longer of White Bear (Kiowa), for the purpose of hearing the report of 6 young men of the Kiowa Nation, who, under the leading of one of their numbering, Bird Bow (a soldier chief), had started early in the spring to visit the village of Bull Tail, chief of the Northern Comanches, situated on Red River, a tributary of the Arkansas. Arrived at the village, the chief summoned a council and invited them into them into the lodge. He then told them that he had made peace with the South Comanches and Texans, and that the Kiowas must no longer make war upon them.

to this Bird Bow assented, adding if Bull Tail would go with them that they were willing to visit the Texas at the fort (supposed to be Fort Gibson). Bull Tail agreed to this and went with the Kiowas to the fort, where they met delegations fro the Creeks, Cherokees, Seminoles, Osages, and even Kaws. The commander treated them well and told them that he was glad to see them; that if they were hungry he would feed them; that if they were naked he would them. Gave to each of the five young men a gun and to Bird Bow a full suit of uniform, and said that they should also have some wagon loads of provisions. He said: "There are on the Arkansas two forts, Learned and Wise, belonging to your Great Farther; what do you get from those forts, or what do they do for the Kiowas, Comanches, Apaches, and Arapahoes; keep nothing hid, but tell me truly in what you are benefitted by these two forts." Bird Bow answered that the five nations were not allowed about those forts, but driven off. "In that you said the truth, for I have telling me that such is the treatment you receive." He then said that the Texas were very man, and that as soon as their horses had shed their winter coats and the grass had become good he was coming up upon the Arkansas to take Forts Learned and Wise, and that all the trains upon the road he intended to destroy; that they were to say to the five nations he did not ask them to

