
join him against the Americans, and that they must not help the American to fight against him. That this moon (6th May) and the next moon (5th June) would die, but the third moon (4th July) he would be on the Arkansas, and by that time the Kiowas. Apaches, and Arapahoes must be out of the country about Fort Learned altogether and go anywhere above the post and south of the Arkansas, for the Texans who were coming the forts were very mad, and he therefore wanted all the Indians to keep out of their way. He then asked who was head chief of the Kiowas, and upon being told that Little Mountain was first and Black Bird second, he said, "Send those two chiefs to me; tell them I want to see them."

After Bird Bow had made his reported Little Mountain sad: "I am too old to ride so far; Black Bird is young, he can go.'

The Black Bird, Lone Wolf, Bird Bow, and two other chiefs, whose names are unknown, together with three squaws, left Kiowa camp, on Walnut Creek, 12th May, on a visit to the Texan officer who sent them the talk. Poor Bear did not learn the Exact place of the Texan encampment, but thinks that it is upon one of the creeks running south into Red River. I shall, however, watch the return of Black Bird, and ascertain if possible the exact locality of this camp.

Poor Bear I have closely questioned and am satisfied with his statement as to the council; but so far as Bird Bow's report is concerned you are no doubt in possession of information which will better enable you to form a just estimate of its value than myself. I have been prompted to communicate Poor Bear's statement to department headquarters from threats made last fall by A. S. Miller of an intention to try and get possession of the forts on the Arkansas, and which were reported to me by Pike's Peake. This Miller was a friend of Mr. Floyd's, and appointed by him sutler at Fort Wise. He resigned his position at that post, went to the mines, and got together a band of ruffians, with whom he started for Fort Smith, Ark. He avoided this post, and I heard nothing of him until he was reported as having passed the ranch at Great Bend, where I was told he said that he meant to come up on the road this spring if he could organize a party. Perceiving, as Miller must, that no body of men, however small, could come up from the other side of the Arkansas without approach being announced by the Indian hunting parties who would fall in with them, and knowing, as he also must, the determination of the Kiowas (in reply to overtures made to them last winter to join the South by attacking the trains upon the road) that they would be on neither one side nor the other, the talk sent to five nations through Bird Bow by the Texas officer is just such a one as Miller would be likely to have made under the circumstances, did he meditate as attack and pillage of the Government trains.

I am, captain, yours, respectfully,

J. HAYDEN,

Major Tenth Infantry, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 21, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The troops under my command arrived and went into camp here last night, having marched 85 miles the last three days. They are in good condition and high spirits. They are drawing clothing and pay to-day,

