HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Fort Scott, Kans, May 25, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have rendezvoused in the vicinity of Humboldt and Iola, Kans., the Second Ohio Cavalry, Second Indiana Battery, and Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, leaving at this post eight companies of the Tenth Kansas Infantry, in charge of the supplies at this place, and two companies of the same regiment at Mound City, Kans., to exercise general supervision of the border. I have also detained two companies of the Second Ohio Cavalry at this post. Up to this date no other troops have reported to me. I would respectfully ask that detailed instructions regarding the source whence I can obtain supplies of transportation, subsistence, munitions, &amp;c., and also the facilities for their speedy arrival at this place, be given me with as little delay as possible, as it is my intention as soon as I can be assured of the proper forwarding of the same to this place, to proceed with what forces are now at Iola and Humboldt to take possession of Fort Gibson, before the enemy may, in view of our intended approach, concert measures for the destruction of that place, and if there are any available United States quartermasters I would respectfully ask that one be ordered to report to me, to take charge of depot of supplies which I intend establishing at Fort Gibson. I would also ask the assignment of one or two engineers, and also any secret-service men which may b e available. There should also be an assignment of funds, for regiments and for contingents, placed in the hands of Assistant Quartermaster Insley, of this post, subject to draft upon my approval. Regiment estimates will probably be made by the respective quartermasters, and I beg to submit that the sum of $100,000 be approved as contingents for the entire expedition.

CHAS. DOUBLEDAY,

Colonel, Commanding Indian Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, May 25, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Monterey, Tenn.:

General Curtis reports heavy rains, which will retard his movements. Scout direct Little Rock reports the burning of cotton by rebels to the amount of 10,000 bales; also bridge across Des Arc and Cypress. The affair boastfully heralded in rebel slips (before telegraphed) was a skirmish with some of Colonel Baker's First Indiana, which was out on a reconnaissance, and drove the rebels in two skirmishes. General sigel is ordered to Washington and is now in his way there.

S. M. PRESTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp on Little Red River, Ark., May 26, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Rains continue and roads and streams are quite impassable. Rebels have attacked my train near Rolla; my supplies will

