
Southern and Southwestern Missouri and that a large and indefinite portion of the State is under command of Major-General Curtis, who is unable at present to give it any attention whatever. Also that the Saint Louis and Mississippi districts are not accurately separated. If I may be permitted to suggest, the following subdivision of the State seems to be desirable:

The District of Northeastern Missouri and Northwestern Missouri to remain the same as now.

The District of Central Missouri to consist of that part of the Stake lying south of the Missouri River, west of the Gasconade, and north of the northern line Dallas Country.

The District of Southwest Missouri to consist of that part of the State lying south of the northern line of Dallas Country and west of the Gasconade and of the Big North Forks of White River.

The District of Saint Louis to consist of that portion of the State not included within either of the above-named districts, except the counties of Pemiscot, New Madrid, and Mississippi.

The subdivision into districts and assignments of district commanders having been made by General Halleck's orders, I do not regard myself authorized to make any changes, more particularly as my command extends only to a certain class of troops (militia), and has no definite territorial limits.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 182. Batesville, Ark., May 26, 1862.

* * * *

The commanding officers of the First Division will make or cause to be made, under an efficient officer, a reconnaissance in force toward Des Arc as far as Cotton Plant,if possible, where he shall seize the telegraph dispatches and operator and obtain all the information possible to be obtained, and report in person headquarters thereafter with the least possible delay. He will report frequently also by scouts or orderlies from day t day, as he may obtain any important information, in regard to boats with troops and their destination.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATESVILLE VIA POCAHONTAS, May 27, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

GENERAL: Tell General Halleck I am compelled to send out cavalry expeditions in all directions to suppress rebel bands, especially on the Rolla line. A train came in safe to-day. Rumors of a large force landing at Des Arc and collecting at Little Rock are afloat, but I think them false. Am trying to get facts. An intelligent officer, returning to surrender, says Corinth is surrounded by an embankment 22 miles long,

