
promise of protection persons who have voluntarily surrendered them selves the case will be referred to the provost marshal general.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, May 3O, l862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Monterey, Tenn.:

General Halleck's dispatch of to-day received. I congratulate him but regret that a single rebel was able to retreat. Beauregard reported at Richmond. I fear his army travel in the same direction. General Curtis states that Ninth Illinois Cavalry, on 27th instant, met and drove rebels at Cache River Bridge. Union troops hold the bridge and expect another attack. Adjutant Blackburn and Private Tift wounded. One rebel killed and 2 taken prisoners. Reports state that the mouth of the Arkansas River is blockaded by our gunboats; that rebel gunboat shelled rebel camp at Little Rock (supposing them Federal troops), wounding 1 rebel and scattering the alarmed garrison. The Kansas troops arriving destined for Pittsburg Landing.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., May 30, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: My several cavalry expeditions to the front and flanks have thus far been successful scattering bands of rebels, and in the aggregate killing some 18 or 20 . Roads are improving and streams subsiding, but rain is again threatened.

My express from Rolla has not arrived for several days. At last news the train was attacked near Rolla. The telegraph is now my only dependence; that should be immediately completed. Please press this matter.

Several steamboats and one gunboat were at Little Rock Sunday. The report of the blockade of the mouth of the Arkansas was current in Little Rock; if so, the boats are in a pocket. I expect further intelligence from scouts and expeditions soon.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

P. S.- A report has just come in that Pike, with 8,000 Indians,has crossed White River 35 miles above, and designs to take Rolla. The report seems incredible, but should be looked after.

