
Forage, corn oats, breadstuffs, and other provisions are very nearly exhausted all around here by our army trains and some time ago by the rebels.

Very respectfully,

DE GRENDELE,

Lieutenant, Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

PROSPECT BLUFFS, May 31, 1862

My patrol to the mouth of Little Red has returned, reporting all quiet. This side of the river, 4 miles from the mouth, the road became impassable, and a small party was sent across in a boat. They proceeded to the White River and returned. No boats of any kind had been seen for three weeks. It is rumored that a gunboat came to Des Are and fried to press a crew, but failed to do so. This rumor was not generally credited. It is reported that there is a camp at Des Are, but it could not be ascertained whether it was large or small. Within the range of the patrol all was quiet.

GEO. E. WARING, J. R.,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST Numbers 23 Batesville, Ark., May 31, 1862.

I. The major-general commanding announces to the Army of the South west that by telegraph from Saint Louis he is just informed that "Corinth is ours and rebels are retreating southward."

II. He also desires to return his thanks to Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Lewis, of the First Missouri Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel H. F. Sickles, of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and Major W. D. Bowen, commanding detachments of Bowen's Battalion,and Third Iowa Cavalry, and the officers and soldiers under their respective commands, for the venturesome spirit, the gallant and daring action, shown in their several forays this week. Each have met, charged, and routed the enemy: Lieutenant Colonel Lewis on an expedition to the west of Searcy; Colonel Sickles at Cache River Bridge, in Jackson County, and Major Bowen, on a most successful expedition up the south side of White River. By these several excursions we have captured a large amount of camp and garrison equipage, ordnance and ordnance store, a number of prisoners of war, and scattered and driven the enemy.

Officers and soldiers of the cavalry! emulate the example of the renowned in your arm! Keep your sabers polished; drill daily in the use of them, and watch the opportunity to show the heroic deeds you may accomplish.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General

