
and on flanks, killing 18 or 20. Roads improving and streams subsiding. The general wishes the telegraph line to his headquarters completed immediately.

Several rebel steamers and one gunboat at Little Rock.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General and Acting Inspector-General
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Fort Scott, Kans., June 1, 1862

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

SIR: I have to report en route from Humboldt the Second Regiment Ohio Cavalry, Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, and Rabb's battery, and from this place a subsistence train of 100,000 rations, escorted by three companies Second Ohio Cavalry and four companies Tenth Kansas Infantry Volunteers. These two columns will unite near the mouth of Shoal Creek, about 60 miles south from here, and will number about 2,500 men. I shall place myself at the head of the subsistence train to-morrow and conduct it to the junction with the column moving from Humboldt. I shall rendezvous the command near the mouth of Shoal Creek, and take measures for pursuing the rebels under Colonel Coffee, Stand Watie, and Jackman, who are at present on Shoal Creek with 1,500 Indians and white men. If this party proceeds toward the interior of Arkansas or into the Boston Mountains I shall not pursue them, but shall proceed to occupy the most available points in the Indian Territory for the reinstating of the loyal Indians, and shall await further re-enforcements of the troops and supplies before proceeding toward the Texas frontier. Only five companies of the Kansas Sixth have yet reported at this place. No other troops have reported for the expedition. I hope, sir, that the advance which I have made will meet your approbation. It will show an activity in the department which it long has been a stranger to before you assumed command.

If the force designated in your letter accompanying the special orders inaugurating the Indian expedition report at this place with tolerable promptitude I shall be enabled to possess the entire Indian country and be ready if necessary for still further operations very soon. I have received no order regarding the arriving subsistence or transporting the Indian regiments. If such an order were sent I could place one of them in the field in ten days. My application to your office for brigade surgeon, medical stores, contingent and regimental funds has not been answered. I have also requested a large supply of munitions at this post. There are none here after supplying my troops which are en route, and they have only a small supply. I beg to report the removal of my headquarters to the mouth of Shoal Creek. Special couriers should go by way of Iola, where couriers will be provided for forwarding any dispatches; also from this place via Iola.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. DOUBLEDAY,

Colonel, Commanding Troops in Southern Kans. and Ind

