
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 30 Camp near Corinth, Miss., June 1, 1862.

I. The State of Missouri, except the counties of Mississippi, New Madrid, and Pemiscot, will hereafter constitute the Military District of Missouri, to be commanded by Brigadier General J. M. Schofield, who will divide it into such districts as he may deem proper; nevertheless the volunteer forces in Southwest Missouri will be subject to the orders of Major General S. R. Curtis, commander and military governor of Arkansas. Such orders, when practicable, to be communicated through Brigadier General Schofield, as their immediate commander.

II. The county of Mississippi will belong to the District of Cairo, Brigadier-General Strong; the counties of New Madrid and Pemiscot, to the District of Columbus, Brigadier-General Quinby.

III. All reports and returns will be made accordingly.

IV. Staff officers attached to general headquarters of the department in Saint Louis will not be subject to the orders of the commander of the district.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Springfield, June 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

A man from Texas, arrived at Cassville this morning, reports Rains left Fort Smith with an escort on Friday to take command of the rebels to operate in Southwest Missouri. Coffee, Stand Watie, Schnable, Pike's Indians, and the jayhawkers were to join him. McBride was at Yellville with three pieces of artillery on Saturday, and two small Texas regiments were moving this way. I have ordered 20 wagon loads of ordnance and quartermaster stores, and Colonel Wright's battalion, now at Forsyth, and a considerable amount of stores at Cassville to be moved to this post. Colonel Hall is ordered to Greenfield. The Thirty seventh Illinois, two squadrons of First Missouri Cavalry, and three pieces of Davidson's battery are operating near Cassville. Five Vernon. The force here is about 600, rank and file. These commands are ordered to concentrate at Springfield if threatened by a larger force of the enemy before I can re-enforce them.

Richardson lost all his arms and transportation, and about 10 men killed, wounded, and missing. He was completely surprised, and is reported among the killed. The officer in command at Mount Vernon reports by messenger that Colonel Coffee's advance was at Sarcoxie last night and that he had about 1,500 men. There is sufficient truth in these reports to render it necessary that the troops should be urged forward fast as possible.

E. B. BROWN,Brigadier-General, Commanding Southwest Missouri
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST

Batesville, Ark., June 2, 1862.

General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.,

GENERAL: I have only the single dispatch: "Corinth is ours; rebels retreating south."

