
Last night the gunboats moved forward toward my lines, and I was told the Little Rock force was also moving forward. I stand firm, but in case the force is as strong as reported I will have to move my advance from Little Red to this side of White Rive. The enemy must be affected by the movements at Corinth and on the Mississippi; hence the importance of knowing now of the evacuation at Corinth and have got down so far in secesh this command now needs strengthening. I claim to have ventured a great deal to co-operate with the general at Corinth, and when the matter is fully known to General Halleck I trust he will approve and commend my troops for toil, exposure, and extraordinary privations in an effort which has embarrassed and demoralized the troops who have gone from this region to Corinth, and diverted many regiments, a battery, and at least two gunboats from his immediate assailants.

Trains have again started with bread from Rolla, but it has required a great part of my command to open and secure the line.

Some re-enforcements by water would be most desirable.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 2, 1862.

Colonel S. H. BOYD, Rolla:

Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens, with four companies, marched for Little Piney last Monday and must be there. Colonel Washburn, with four companies, started Thursday for Lebanon via Tuscumbia. Major Goff, with five companies, operating south of Osage, with orders to go as far as Lebanon road, and Colonel McClurg has orders to operate in the same direction from Linn Creek. General Totten has notified Major Goff and McClurg about rebels southwest of your post.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., June 2, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Mississippi, Corinth, Miss.:

I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the major-general commanding, a copy of an order I have deemed it necessary to issue in consequence of the manifestation of a design on the part of the incorrigible class of rebels throughout the State to engage in guerrilla warfare during the summer.* Several of these guerrillas have been caught and are now on trial. Could speedy punishment follow their conviction a very wholesome effect would no doubt be produced. By the long delay occasioned by the necessity of sending the proceedings to the major-general commanding the department for his approval will deprive the State of the beneficial effects of a few summary examples, which I have no doubt would put an end to these disturbances of the peace. I have thought to remedy the evil by turning criminals over to the civil courts,

---------------

*See General Orders, No, 18, May 29,

---------------

