
in accordance with the late order defining the duties of the provost-marshal-general. But these courts are even more slow in their administration of justice than military commissions.

There is no serious objections to this tardiness in most cases that arise, they being of crimes committed long ago and under circumstances very different from the present circumstances, such as to render capital punishment perhaps neither just nor necessary, although technically within the laws of war. But in cases like the present, of an attempt to incite anew insurrection in a part of the country where peace has been almost completely restored, extreme and speedy punishment alone can produce the desired effect.

I respectfully request that you will lay the matter before the major-general commanding for such action, if any, as he shall deem necessary.

I am, colonel, your, obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, June 3, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

My telegram of yesterday has give you the most important information relative to the enemy I am in possession of, and that was procured from persons who professed to be from Arkansas or Texas. I have sent scouts into Arkansas. The parties agree in their statements that an effort to invade Missouri will be made.

McBride is at Yellville with three pieces of artillery and a part of two ing with an escort of 60 men. He is to be joined by all the thieving bands he can collect under Coffee, Stand Watie, Schnable, and Pike's Indians.

The trains of Price which have wintered on Rio River were expected to be at Fort Smith Friday morning. One man reports that the train was in two divisions, and that he counted 400 mules and horses in one of them. This information is unreliable, but comes from several sources, and is worthy of attention. The teams left here yesterday to move to General Curtis at Forsyth. I have only 400 effective men at this post. Colonel Wright's battalion, about 325 men, has been ordered from Forsyth to Springfield. At Cassville the force consists of the Thirty seventh Illinois Infantry, two squadrons First Missouri Cavalry, and three pieces of Davidson's battery. About 300 men of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry are at Mount Vernon. These are all the troops in this part of the State.

I will act on your telegram and concentrate in time if I find it necessary.

Where is Dr. Paddock, brigade surgeon Fourth Brigade, Missouri State Militia! He has not reported to me, and I want him. There ate a large number of sick men here, and the hospitals in bad condition. We have three 12-pounder howitzers(iron) and one rifled 6-pounder brass gun, with carriages and caissons. I shall fit them for service to use in case of emergency if I can pick out artillerymen from the men in the command. There is a good supply of fixed ammunition for 6 and 12 pounder guns and caliber 69 musket and rifle at this post. A detailed

