
Statement will be sent you as soon as it can be made. By dispatch from Major Stephenson, in command of Mount Vernon, I learn that only 5 of Colonel Richardson's command are killed, wounded, and missing, and the colonel is on his way in. It appears that Richardson camped his men in the bottoms and went with his officers into the town to sleep. In the night the camp was said to be about 1,000 strong. They have disappeared as mysteriously as they came.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 3, 1862.

General Curtis, Batesville, Ark.:

Claiborne Jackson, Rains, Clarkson, Coffee, Stand Watie, and Schnable, with rebels from Arkansas, Missouri, and Texas, also Pike, with his Indians and jayhawkers, are reported in Northwest Arkansas-Forts Smith, Van Buren, and Fayetteville-with artillery and small arms, stores, and trains. Coffee has been near Neosho. McBride is at Yellville, Ark. I have directed Fifth Kansas not to leave the Department of Mississippi without authority from General Halleck. Forsyth has been vacated and the troops ordered to Springfield. Troops in motion in all directions west of Rolla. Look out for rebels from the east, from the west, and from the west, and from the south.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., June 3, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding District Central Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.:

I inclose an extract from a letter received yesterday from General Loan,* asking for the co-operation of your troops in Saline County. This, I presume, you will be able to give.

I have telegraphed you to-day to send forward Murphy's battery and King's regiment to Springfield, and to hold the Twenty-sixth Indiana and Cole's battery in readiness to move in the same direction. Matters in that section of the State begin to look threatening. Richardson has been badly whipped, and, it is said, mortally wounded. It may be necessary before long to send to that part of the State most of our available force, in which case you or I, and perhaps both of us, will have to go too. In case of necessity I can send two more regiments of cavalry from the northern part of the State, and, if it should seem necessary, one of them might remain in your district in the place of the Twenty-sixth Indiana. Infantry will probably be much more important than cavalry in the southwest. I will try to keep you advised of the progress of events, so that you may shape your command accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Not found

---------------

