HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., June 3, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Jefferson City, Mo.:

Your letter of yesterday is received. If we are to meet any considerable force in the southwestern part of the State infantry will be all important; and, as you are aware, nearly all the infantry has been sent south, in compliance with General Halleck's orders. I expect to have to send all the infantry I can raise to Springfield and do the best we can elsewhere with cavalry. I have ordered Catherwood's regiment to move to Sedalia at once, and Glover's to Saint Louis, and from there will go to the southwest or southeast, as may seem necessary at the time. No more troops can I think be spared from North Missouri at this time, unless we give up a portion of the State to the guerrillas. This I will not do unless in case of necessity. When Catherwood's regiment arrives you can use it in place of the Twenty-sixth Indiana if necessary. One battalion of Hall's regiment started from- I have sent Rombauer's regiment to Rolla, relying on Hundhausen to guard the entire Pacific Railroad as far as the Osage.

Rombauer will be sent forward to Springfield, unless Rolla shall be threatened by a considerable force. The Second Wisconsin Cavalry will push forward as soon as it can be spared from the vicinity of Waynesville and Lebanon, which will doubtless be upon the arrival of Colonel Sigel, if not before.

One battalion of Hall's regiment started from Kansas City on the 30th, and the other must be ready to start. King's regiment was ordered by telegraph yesterday to move forward at once with Murphy's battery. These I think will be sufficient to meet the present emergency, judging from the information I now have. It is very probable, however, that I may get news in a few days which will show the necessity for further re-enforcements. If so, the Twenty-sixth Indiana and Cole's battery will have to go. I will inform you as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 4, 1862.

General CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.:

Your dispatches forwarded to General Halleck by telegraph. All Union successes and deeds of daring published. Rebel gunboats destroyed all cotton and sugar at Jacksonport and went down the river. Colonel Daniels holds many crossing of the Saint Francis River and has the captured steamer Miller. Our troops have driven the rebels back and now occupy Strasburg. Near Richmond our troops are daily gaining ground and have repeatedly defeated the rebels. Reports state that Colonel Elliott has captured and paroled 2,000 prisoners south of Corinth, destroyed 10,000 stand of arms and some cars loaded with supplies; also that General Pope has captured more of Van Dorn's and Price's rebels than he knows what to do with. I expect we now hold Fort Pillow, and hope to hear soon that we possess Memphis. Colonel Fitch's scouts killed 1 and captured 7 men of rebel gunboat Beauregard.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General

