HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTHWEST,Springfield, Mo., June 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Leavenworth:

GENERAL: A sergeant from Fort Scott, who arrived here this morning, reports that all but six companies of the command at Fort Scott have moved southward toward the Indian Territory two days since. I sent a messenger to that post for information and to advise them of the movements of the enemy, and this morning have receive it by telegraph. The information in relation to the movements of the enemy is received from various sources, all of which agree in the main points, but are not fully reliable, that Rains left Fort Smith for the north on the 29th May with an escort of 60 men. He is to unite the commands of Coffee, Stand Watie, Pike, and others in or near the line of the Indian Territory. McBride, with three pieces of artillery and two small Texas regiments, is moving toward Yellville. Four pieces of artillery are moving from Fort Smith, and large trains of Price's wagons were moving from Red River in this direction. Coffee, with a command of about 1,000 men, part Indians, was about 15 miles southwest of Neosho on the 2nd instant; his force was being rapidly increased by recruits from Arkansas and garrison equipage, some arms, and killed and wounded several of his men, which has encouraged them to more extensive efforts. I shall have three regiments of mounted rifles and one battery to move in that direction in a few days.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, June 4, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

SIR: I receive intelligence that the rebels are again gathering head in the extreme southwestern part of this State and the northwestern pare of Arkansas, and that they have among them Indian allies. Several regiments of the State to meet the rebel force, and other regiments will be sent there as the occasion may demand.

It has been suggested to me that the Second Ohio Cavalry, under Colonel Doubleday, and a Wisconsin regiment of cavalry are at Fort Scott, ion Kansas, and that they are unemployed. If such be the fact, and if it would not interfere with your plans to order these regiments to report to General Schofield for duty, I would be glad that they should be so ordered. They are now near the theater of operations, and could report to General Schofield by letter, and he might be ordered to employ them and such portion of the State Militia as he might think ment upon the Indian tribes engaged in this war. Brigadier-General Schofield is undoubtedly an officer of high merit, and will distinguish himself if an opportunity is afforded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. GAMBLE

