
now within a few miles of each other, occupying with our front line all the country for several miles west of the military road to Denmark; a little place 4 miles east of Fairview, to the State road to Grand Glaze. An expedition to the latter place is contemplated for to-morrow.

I am anxiously awaiting the general's orders, and hope that our retrograde movement will have his approbation. With great respect, major, I am, your very obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, No. 1.] SAINT LOUIS, Mo., June 4, 1862.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 30, Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, dated at camp, near Corinth, June 1, 1862, the undersigned hereby takes command of the District of Missouri.

All reports and returns required by Army Regulations and existing department orders will be made to these headquarters, directed to Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Marsh, assistant adjutant-general. The District of Missouri will be divided as follows:

The Northwestern and Northeastern Divisions will be the same as the present Districts of Northwestern and Northeastern Missouri, respectively.

The Central Division will consist of that part of the State lying south of the Missouri River, west of the Gasconade, and north of the northern line of Dallas County.

The Southwestern Division will consist of that part of the State lying south of the northern line of Dallas County, and west of the Gasconade and of the Big North Fork or White River.

The Saint Louis Division will consist of all the Missouri District not included within any of the above named divisions, except the camp of instruction at Benton Barracks.

* * * * * * *

The Northwestern Division will be commanded by Brigadier General Ben. Loan; headquarters at Saint Joseph.

The Northeastern Division by Colonel John McNeil; headquarters at Palmyra.

The Central Division by Brigadier General James Totten; headquarters at Jefferson City.

The Southwestern Division by Brigadier General E. B. Brown; headquarters at Springfield.

The Saint Louis Division by Colonel Lewis Merrill; headquarters at Saint Louis.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

BATESVILLE, ARK., June 5, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: My advance, under Generals Carr and Osterhaus, have fallen back from Little Red River, being destitute of forage and so pressed by rebels as to make picket and forage duty entirely insufferable. I had sent General Steele done to confer before consenting to a step backward which will aid the effort of the rebels to increase their State levies. They all considered it absolutely necessary. To-day I

27 R R-VOL XIII

