
send forward a strong cavalry force as a forward dash against the enemy to compensate for such.

Meantime I shall bring the main portion of the force to this side of White River. I am the more inclined to this since you inform me of the falling back from Forsyth.

I must have re-enforcements of infantry, or I may have to fall back farther. A little of the inspiration given to the East should be tendered to the West. Besides being re-enforced by organized troops, I would like to have the privilege of raising, say, ten Arkansas regiments. I would find it easy to raise two or three, and the announcement of such authority would be a terrible check on rebel drafting. The gunboat, after burning the cotton and destroying the sugar at Jacksonport, has backed down White River. The report of troops leaving Kansas for Tennessee and the report of two divisions from my command has given hope to the rebels in Arkansas, which must be checked by counter movements through Missouri, and, if possible, through the rivers. Captain Lewis, of the provost guard, made an excursion west to Kinderhook and the vicinity of Clinton, Monday. They captured Judge Rose, of the supreme bench, who had fled when I arrived here, and Colonel Bevens, receiver of public moneys, who has retained Government funds and been alive in raising recruits for the rebellion, which was to sustain his embezzlements. This matter I shall send to headquarters. I am on the alert for foes in all directions.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., June 5, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Upon my arrival here I found Colonel Doubleday gone southward with all the troops excepting the Indian and part of the Sixth Kansas and Tenth Kansas. I started a messenger after him last night to stop him. I hope this may be approved, as it is evidently necessary for me to get the command together and see them properly supplied before getting too far away from depot, and for the further reason that there are rumors of the enemy concentrating east of us. I desire to be satisfied on this point before scattering the troops. I am applied to for transportation and supplies for the Indian regiments. Captain Insley has nothing. His wagons are all gone. I would suggest that the complete outfit for those regiments be sent here to Captain M. H. Insley, including wagons, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., to be by him distributed; also that the Indians be marched here to be outfitted. I propose to start them myself soon, and forward, as far as I can, their movements. As I understand it, it is not desired by the general that any very forward movements of the troops be made until the Indians are ready to start.

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., June 6. 1862.

Colonel CHARLES DOUBLEDAY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Indian Expedition:

COLONEL: I find that the Indian regiments are as yet unprepared to move for want of proper outfit. I will start to Le Roy to-morrow to

