
hasten their movements. As this expedition is especially intended to aid them to recover possession of their homes and to bring back the Indian country under subjection to the Government I deem it not in consonance with the purpose of the expedition to advance far without the Indians. The country should, however, be thoroughly examined, and I trust that you will use the force under your immediate command for that purpose. There is no doubt that the enemy is in some force in Southwestern Missouri, and their strength, position, &amp;c., should be ascertained, in order that by a proper concentration of troops they may be compelled to give battle or be driven farther southward.

Accordingly, the plan I propose for the present is to clear the country, with a view to the safe progress of the Indians. When arrived at their homes our own movements will be guided by circumstances,having in mind always the occupation of the Indian country. The rebel forces in Missouri of course cannot be neglected, as they may get in our rear. I shall therefore insist that the Missouri State Militia must move southwardly in connection with our advance, so that no enemy will be left behind us. My intention is, as you may see, to concentrate all the troops of the expedition somewhere in your present neighborhood, to be inspected and estimates for ordnance, &c., prepared, then to arrange above indicated.

I would call your attention to paragraph 708 et sequitur, Army Regulations, 1861. Please require each commandant of detachments, if on duty, to keep the journal there required. The importance under the circumstances will readily occur to you.

Respectfully, &c.,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,

Fort Scott, Kans., June 6, 1862

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I am more convinced upon such additional information I receive that it must be of incalculable benefit to move the Indian regiments here. They can be easier outfitted at this post; they will be taken away from the influences of their families; brought into immediate contact with soldiers, and thus be better disciplined. Besides, all the troops except those here and north of this are being concentrated by Colonel Doubleday some 60 miles north of this and close to the State line. It would therefore be nearly in the way of the Indians to come by here. There are a number of matters pertaining to their outfit that can only be attended to at this post. I start to Le Roy to-morrow, and will be much obliged to receive there your sanction as to the removal of the Indian regiments to Fort Scott. Should I receive no orders from headquarters [concerning] this removal I will take it for granted all is right and move accordingly. Your order on the subject can easily overtake me, and if it disapprove I can return the Indians to Le Roy, as I shall move them slowly. I earnestly desire that their clothing, camp and garrison equipage, may be forwarded rapidly to this post in order that we may be all moved together southward. I must also ask the movement south of Judson's and Cloud's regi

