
ments and artillery battery. There is certainly some indications of an enemy before us, and I would like to move on them with rapidity. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION, Numbers 7 Springfield, Mo., June 6, 1862.

Reports of murders, robberies, and of every crime known as felony reach these headquarters from almost every part of the district, so that it has become almost impossible for peaceful, law abiding citizens, and especially good Union citizens, to pursue their legitimate vocation without molestation and imminent danger. The country is infested with bands of murderers, robbers, and other outlaws, who, while professing to act under the authority of the so-called Confederate States of beyond the pale of law, and must be dealt with accordingly. Reasoning with outlaws is of no avail; the law and its faithful officers are set they must be subjected to their own code, and punished without mercy ment of their foul deeds.

It is therefore ordered, for the observance of all concerned, in order that these great and terrible outrages of every sort may be put an end to and the outlaws infesting the district exterminated-

I. That hereafter, whenever and wherever bands of guerrillas, jayhawkers, marauders, murderers, &amp;c., are found in arms in open opposition to the laws and legitimate authorities of the United States and of the State of Missouri the miscreants of which they are composed are to be shot down by the military authorities when commanded by commissioned officers upon the spot where caught perpetrating their foul acts, and at all times and in all places, when our troops, no matter by whom commanded, are forcibly opposed by outlaws, these latter are to be exterminated at all hazards.

II. That all persons who have or shall in future knowingly harbor or in any manner encourage guerrillas, jayhawkers, murderers, robbers, or other outlaws in their nefarious deeds will be arrested and kept in as may be deemed expedient at the time.

III. That where evidence cannot be produced to establish the guilt of parties accused of harboring and encouraging the lawless marauders, &c., above named, but against whom they are strong circumstantial evidence and suspicion, they are to be placed under heavy bonds, with conduct, and also required to take the oath of allegiance, and when they refuse or neglect to do this they are to be confined and so held until released by proper authority.

By order of Brigadier General E. B. Brown:

JAS. H. STEGER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Saint Louis, June 7, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.:Colonel Daniels reports 300 rebels strongly posted and recruiting near

