
Gainesville, Ark., 40 miles from Chalk Bluffs. Colonel Daniels says the rebels are only 50 miles from you, and if you will send a force against them and notify him he will co-operate. He can reach them in a day from Chalk Bluffs, and by unity of action he hopes to catch them. General Strong to day reports the arrival at Cairo of the steamer Platte Valley from Memphis, where everything is reported quiet.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 7, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

General Curtis' advance has fallen back from Little Red River to the Batesville side of White River, being destitute of forage and so pressed by rebels as to make picket and forage duty insufferable. On 4th instant a strong cavalry force sent to make a dash at rebels. General Curtis says he must have re-enforcements of infantry through Missouri or by the rivers or he may have to fall back farther. General Curtis wants permission to raise ten Arkansas regiments, and says he can easily raise two or three. He thinks the mere announcement of such authority would check rebel drafting. General Curtis has Judge Rose, also Bevens, receiver of public moneys, who has retained Government funds and been active in raising rebel recruits. Bevens will be sent here to be taken care of.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: Report says that you have information of a force of several thousand rebels gathering in the north western part of Arkansas for the purpose of invading Kansas or Missouri. The information I have leads to the same conclusion, though I cannot as yet learn of more than 1,500 or 2,000 men being in that part of the State. Movements below indicate the probability of a considerable force of the enemy being sent up the Arkansas River and collected in Arkansas for the purpose of making a demonstration upon Springfield and Fort Scott.

As these movements, which now seem at least probable, may render co-operation between your forces and mine very important, it seems desirable that we should keep each other informed of our respective move ments and of the strength and location of our troops in the threatened districts.

For this purpose I send you herewith a statement* of the troops now in Southwestern Missouri, with their present locations, and will inform you of the changes that may take place in future. If you deem it wise to adopt my suggestion, please inform me in like manner as to the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

