
troops in the southeastern part of Kansas, and what others,if any, you propose to send there.

If it meets with your approval I will direct Brigadier-General Brown, commanding in Southwestern Missouri, to correspond with the commanding officer at Fort Scott or elsewhere in your department, to the end that they may mutually assist each other in case of necessity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Fort Scott, June 7, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have just received by courier a letter from Colonel Doubleday; he is at Spring River, some 60 miles south of here. He writes me that the rebel Colonel Stand Watie is about 35 miles south of him with 1,000 men, and that Rains is advancing from Little Rock with 5,000 men to Fort Smith, though he thinks the latter force exaggerated. Double day writes me that he marched yesterday to attack Stand Watie; he must be about up with him by this time. You will see that lively times are nearing, and hence the necessity of concentrating our troops. I am now packed up and will start in a few minutes to Le Roy, will march the Indian regiments so that we may completely surround the forces of Stand Watie before re-enforcement by Rains. I feel great uneasiness in regard to ordnance. I can make no formal requisition, as they are no regimental reports in my hands nor can I obtain them, in consequence of the troops being so scattered. The records of the ordnance officer at the fort ought to show the kind and caliber of the arms of the various regiments. Their former requisitions should be on file there. From them the general could make an estimate of the kind of ordnance necessary, which I cannot do here for want of data; and he would relieve me from threatened scarcity of ammunition by ordering ordnance officer to send this post a large quantity (say 200 rounds to the man), to be placed here in depot, subject to requisition by troops in the field. An ordnance officer could be designated to care of it. The small quantity of ordnance is so palpable that I confess to some apprehension.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Corinth, Miss., June 8, 1862.

Commodore DAVIS, Western Flotilla:

It is of pressing importance that you immediately send some gunboats down the Mississippi and up White River to Jacksonport,to communicate with General Curtis and capture enemy's gunboats and steamers in White River, so that General Curtis can be supplied and re-enforced by that route. It is the earnest wish of the War Department that this be done without delay.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General

