
CORINTH, June 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major-General Curtis wishes permission to raise ten regiments of infantry in Arkansas. He has been hard pressed by the enemy and compelled to fall back behind White River. I have directed Commodore Davis to send gunboats down the Mississippi and up White River. If he will do so, I can supply and re-enforce Curtis by that route. The roads are so bad in Missouri that it is almost impossible to reach him by land. The evacuation of Forts Pillow and Randolph is confirmed. The flotilla occupied Memphis without opposition.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, June 8, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

I am in receipt of the general's order Numbers 30 and the order of General Schofield, both which were no doubt designed to aid me. General Schofield writes me he has no more than a necessary force at places he names. I cannot therefore order without trespass on his necessities.

The enemy has followed up General Carr's force, attacking his pickets at Fairview, an yesterday driving in a party of 60(Third Illinois Cavalry), under Captain Sparks, with a loss of 6 men. The general complains of a want of forage and food, and is moving back nearer to White River. Fairview is only 18 miles out. I have requested General Schofield to send the nearest troops this way, filling up with those more remote. It takes so much force to support my lines I have not enough to do justice to rebels in front. I wish you would confer with General Schofield. The imputation of Governor Gamble reflecting on troops from other States is false an foul slander, so far as my observation is concerned.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1862-10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of this date just received. You may authorize General Curtis to raise whatever troops in your opinion are required for the service.*

* * * * * * *

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 8, 1862.

General CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.;

Supplies for your ordered to be sent by steamers up White and Arkansas Rivers convoyed by Union gunboats, some of which will be immediately ordered to those rivers. General Halleck will send you

---------------

*Portion omitted relates to operations in Kentucky and Tennessee, March 4-June 10, 1862. See Series I, Vol. X, Part II. p. 277

---------------

