
tant point on White River; that he thinks of moving down to meet forces and gunboats from Memphis; that Hindman landed rebel forces at Helena in route to Little Rock; that the main rebel force at last accounts was on south side of Arkansas Rive; that 	White Rive is the safest line, as the navigation is best and less exposed to the enemy; that gunboats will be required to guard the steamers with troops and supplies; that food is very scarce, and that there is certainly one rebel gunboat to encounter, and perhaps more.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.

OPPOSITE MEMPHIS, June 11, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The expedition which I proposed to make in conjunction with the gunboats has been delayed. It is now proposed to set out to-morrow, the commodore contributing two gunboats and I three rams and a small tug. The destination of the expedition is up White River, to co-operate with General Curtis and endeavor to capture some rebel gunboats which Commodore Davis supposes to be there. I cannot spare Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet for this expedition, and shall place that portion of it which I contribute under command of Lieutenant George E. Currie, of the Fifty-ninth Illinois, who has not yet had a chance to do much, but who, I feel sure, with opportunity, will justify my confidence.

CHAS. ELLET, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 12, 1862.

General CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.:

General Halleck telegraphs to-day:

General Curtis should not move down White River till he knows our gunboats are there.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., June 12, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The first full and reliable information as to the forces near the State line I received this evening. It is this; Schnable, with about 250 soldiers and about 100 citizens, are encamped 17 miles south of Berryville,. At Camp Walker and Maysville Coffee has about 1,000 men. At both camps are a large number of horses and mules branded U. S. and some Government wagons. They keep the wagons loaded ready to move. They have about 90 tents, are hourly expecting re-enforcements from the South, and say they intend to retake Missouri, and all that kind of

