
talk; claim that there are 25,ooo men north of the Missouri River, ready to join them. Stand Watie, with 1,500 Indians, are on Cowskin Creek, 6 miles south of Pierceville.

My scouts counted 500 tents in the Indian camps. No artillery in any of their commands. Stand Watie has no transportation at his camp. I shall keep our troops in their present position until re-enforcements arrive or the movement of General Blunt's column disperses the hordes south of us.

We shall be compelled to send forces into Arkansas in the direction of Fort Smith before this district will be quiet.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., June 12, 1862

Colonel McNEIL, Palmyra, Mo.:

I want you to take the field in person, with as much of your force as can be spared, and exterminate the rebel bands in your division. I will send Major Clopper, of Merrill's Horse, with a strong battalion to assist you. He will reach Macon City Monday night. Re- enforce him with a part of Lipscomb;s regiment, under command of one of the majors, so as to leave Clopper in command. Send him instructions how to co-operate with the force under your immediate command.

Don't rest until you have exterminated the rascals.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 13, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Yours of June 7 is received. From information derived from various sources I have little doubt but that quite a large rebel force are moving northward from the vicinity of Fort Smith and the Red River Valley. This force are Texas, Arkansas, and Missouri troops and rebel Indians. Colonel Doubleday, Second Ohio Cavalry, with 1,000 men and a battery of artillery, attacked 1,500 rebels, under Coffee and Stand Watie, at Cowskin Prairie on the night of the 6th instant, routing them completely, capturing about 500 head of horses and cattle. The enemy retreated in the direction of Fort Smith. I have about 5,000 troops in the vicinity of Fort Scott and the Indian Territory, including two batteries of artillery. In addition to this force I have two regiments of Indians enlisted from the refugees that were drive out of their country last winter.

I shall be ready at all times to co-operate with your forces in South-west Missouri. Your forces in that vicinity should communicate with Fort Scott. From Springfield they can communicate directly with these headquarters by telegraph. I would suggest to you the propriety of placing a small force of State troops along the western border of Missouri from Kansas City south, as very necessary to prevent marauding to and from Kansas.

