
I have a portion of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry distributed from Kansas City south on this side of the line.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General.

BATESVILLE, June 13, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

Telegraph communication completed. Had quite a skirmish near Jacksonport yesterday, scattering the rebels; will telegraph fully to-morrow. Rebels are mustering and gathering in many counties.

Dispatch received from General Halleck directing me not to go down White River till gunboats arrive. Shall wait for them.

I have a force at Jacksonport.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., June 13, 1862.

General BROWN, Springfield:

I want you to send a strong cavalry force, as large as you can possibly spare, as a temporary support to General Curtis, and as soon as possible. Send it via Forsyth and along the left bank of White River, or as near it as the nature of the country will permit. Send as large supplies as you can and inform me how much. Let Company E, Fourth Iowa Infantry, now at Cassville, join the force at Forsyth and proceed with it to its regiment. Answer quickly and inform me what you can do.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., June 13, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: That move is just right by way of Forsyth. It will soon be felt on my left flank, where I have been much annoyed. The move of a small force from Pilot Knob also relieved me from threatened attack. My cavalry had a successful skirmish 5 miles east of Jacksonport yesterday, Colonel Brackett in command.

Reeves' Station was alarmed at last accounts. I wish we had two pieces of artillery at each station of our long line. I am pressed on all sides, but hold the rascals steady.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, June 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

I send to Forsyth twelve squadrons of Second Wisconsin and Tenth Illinois Cavalry this evening. Four squadrons Tenth Illinois in route

