
to Mount Vernon have been recalled, which, with Colonel King's Missouri State Militia, will be sent forward to-morrow.

Colonel Hall's regiment Missouri State Militia is ordered from Greenfield; will be here to-morrow. If there are more troops moving from the north in this direction I can spare Colonel Hall's regiment, if required.

The enemy's force within 50 miles of our lines at different points between Berryville and the Indian Territory is about 3,000, under Schnable, Stand Watie, and Coffee. Will send 30,000 rations.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, June 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

In order to protect the southern counties we should have force enough to send a column into Arkansas in the direction of Fort Smith. This will effectually control the small bodies of guerrillas in that State, and we can arm Union citizens, who will then protect themselves. There is plenty of forage on the line through Galena, Stone County, Mo., and Carrollton and Jasper, Ark. The county both sides this line has none. If the temporary support to General Curtis can be accomplished by sending troops on the west bank of the White River both objects will be attained in the one movement and I can send a larger force.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., June 13, 1862.

General CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.:

General Brown has just received information, which he regards perfectly reliable, that the enemy in three camps south and southwest from Cassville is more than 3,000 strong and receiving re-enforcements from the north and south. On this account should not the cavalry force sent to co-operate with you operate west of White River and in supporting distance of the remainder of General Brown's force! If, however, you prefer it, I can send the cavalry down the left bank of White River as first ordered,and re-enforce General Brown by troops at Sedalia and Saint Louis, which I intended to send to you via Rolla.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Saint Louis, June 13, 1862

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

The rebel General Hindman has issued orders transferring all the State troops to Confederate service, ordering the conscript law to be enforced, requiring all to take Confederate notes at par, and establishing tariff of prices on groceries, &amp;c. He also appeals to the people to

