
drive General Curtis' command out of Arkansas, which Curtis says he cannot do.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Le Roy, Kans., June 13, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of a letter from General Blunt, informing me that the Indian outfit and subsistence stores were en route for Humboldt. This of course will destroy my intention to march to Fort Scott. I have issued an order to the Indian regiment to move early Saturday morning, 14th instant, to Humboldt and thence to re-enforce Doubleday. I have to come down heavy in order to overcome the thousand excuses of the Indians. Allen's battery arrived here yesterday and to day I had it out maneuvering. I had previously ordered the Indians to be present. They turned out very generally, and have gone into camp, separate from their families, preparatory to a final start. To-night they have a grand "war dance." They have all taken their medicine and consider themselves bullet proof. I have ordered the Fort Scott troops to meet me at the Osage Catholic Mission, on the Neosho. I have taken this course in order to assure the Osages. They are coming forward and enlisting very well, and I have reason to believe that my presence there with white troops will materially advance the filling up the Second Regiment. From they I shall go directly to Spring River nd Colonel Doubleday. Colonel Ritchie's regiment can be filled without doubt. I propose to do it myself. It will, however, be necessary for me to cause the mustering officer to do some traveling, and propose to order him accordingly. I know not whether this will be agreeable to his feelings nor can I help it.

I presume the general can imagine the thousand and one difficulties that I have to encounter with the Indians. They seem to be filled with a dread of white men. I have this moment parted with a deputation of the head chiefs of the Creeks and Seminoles. They wanted me to answer them as to what I should do with them when arrived at their own country. Indeed I am puzzled with questions that I cannot answer. In this state of affairs I beg to be permitted to exercise some authority over white officers, for the purpose of getting the expedition along. Lieutenant Gordon arrived yesterday and to-day started to Iola, where he will enter upon the discharge of his duties. I have instructed him to keep the Government stores in the wagons, as it is impossible to find warehouses in that region. I will reach there to-morrow or next day with the Indians and Allen's battery, when I will take everything to Humboldt, so as to comply with your order. From there I shall proceed southward as rapidly as possible, and will make such disposition of the Government stores as will insure their safety.

In this connection I would respectfully suggest that there should be but one depot in this region. As Fort Scott has been garrisoned by your order, I would state that in my opinion all Government property intended for the expedition should be sent they. If it does not meet the approbation of the general commanding I would then suggest Le Roy as the place, from the fact that there are plenty of empty houses here, and are nowhere else except at Fort Scott.

