
Please give me instructions as to what shall be done with the property of secession Indians. Our own Indians are besieging me with questions on the subject, and I should be instructed in regard to it before reaching the Indian country. The evident intention to "jayhawk." If no revolvers have been sent by the Indian train I would earnestly request that they be forwarded by the company officers, as they are clamorous for them.

I would say, in view of the long line of communication that I am compelled to open, that all of the available force be sent southward. T he general will duly appreciate the necessity of troops to enable me to advance successfully.

In the way of news I have the gratification of stating that everything below looks favorable as far as the Indians are concerned. Twenty lodges of secession Osages have deserted, and the whole tribe is falling back into our neighborhood. At the suggestion of the chiefs I have sent runners all through the Indian country to notify the Union Indians of our advance. This is done at their own request, in order that they may meet us in some suitable point.

I have just received the written examination of some Cherokees brought in as prisoners by the Osages. They prove to be our own messengers, bringing us word from below. They have a secret society of Union Indians called Ke- too-wah. One Salmon sends me word to notify him confidentially of my approach and begs that we will not abandon them. The messenger represents a sad state of oppression of Union men, and that we will be hailed as deliverers from a state of most tedious tyranny. He thinks Colonel Doubleday's routing of Stand Watie will cause renewed violence against the Union men. John Ross is undoubtedly with us, and will come out openly when we reach there. I am in receipt of information that large bodies of Union Indians exist among all these people clear to Fort Cobb, and that they await our advance in order to take the field in behalf of the Government. I am satisfied that the Indians here will fight when I reach their own country! They wish to stay there. I must again respectfully urge the necessity of sending guns, powder, and lead, to arm the loyal Indians who will flock to us as we advance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., June 14, 1862.

General HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

General Curtis now expresses himself well satisfied with my movements from Springfield, Rolla, and Pilot Knob. I will sustain them as well as I cad.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General

SPRINGFIELD, June 14, 1862.

Brigade -General Schofield, Saint Louis:

From information received from scouts and spies that arrived last night I learn that the force of the enemy in North western Arkansas is such

