
as to render it impossible to spare any cavalry for General Curtis, unless it can be used at the same time to protect the southwestern portion of this State by being sent in the direction of Jasper, Ark. For that movement I could use a large proportion of the troops in the district.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., June 14, 1862.

General Brown, Springfield:

Let the cavalry move on, as first ordered, until I hear from General Curtis. I f he still desires it to go east of White River I will re-enforce you. Caution your advanced posts to be vigilant, to avoid surprise, and concentrate, if necessary. I hope to enable you to advance into Arkansas soon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, June 14, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: A movement through by Yellville would not co-operate with any move you make against Stand Watie, Pike, and Coffee, as they can only live close on the Indian line. They are there to steal and check Kansas movements, which must co-operate with any move against them. I would like to have the force by Forsyth move on west side to this place, but the mountains that intervene would make the journey difficult and the rebels in the mountains would endanger the trains. Coming on the east side of White is best under present circumstances. The disposal of Almstedt's command will make that line strong. A company of cavalry should be added to each station.

I hope this will relieve and allow other troops to move forward. I suppose you understand no considerable army can subsist in the region occupied by Price and me; that no advance can be made through Arkansas except in locations where we did not forage.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 14, 1862.

General Strong, 	Cairo, Ill.:

A rebel gunboat near the junction of White and Black Rivers on the 12th instant. Some of our gunboats ought to capture her. Steamers loading for White River with supplies for Curtis will have to be convoyed by Union gunboats.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier- General, Acting Inspector- General.

