HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 14, 1862.

Colonel DANIELS Cape Girardeau:

Colonel Wilson, at Pocahontas, can send 200 mounted men to cooperate with you at any time in three days' notice if you are satisfied the rebels are at Gainesville. His scouting parties have been within 10 miles of Gainesville without ascertaining the presence of any force except unorganized guerrillas. The crossing of the Cache is difficult, but Colonel Wilson can reach Gainesville in thirty-six hours.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier- General, Acting Inspector- General.

SPRINGFIELD, June 15, 1862.

Brigadier- General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Cavalry and the trains moved this morning from Ozark to join General Curtis via Forsyth and left bank of White River. Later reports from scouts give the following: Rains near Van Buren, 2,500 men; Cooper near Fort Gibson, 1,500 men; Stand Watie and Coffee at Grand Saline, 1,300 Indians, 400 white men; McBride on Current River, 800 men. Communication north cut off. Bentonville said to be the point of rendezvous.

The party who makes the report is a citizen, said to be reliable; he confirms in main what I learn from my spies, but makes the forces of the enemy larger. To-day the troops will be concentrated here toward Cassville to-night; have telegraphed Colonel White at that post to be on the alert and ready to move at any moment. Re-enforcements will be required as soon as they can be got here. The marauders are busy, but I cannot distribute my command to hunt them.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, June 15, 1862.

Colonel JULIUS WHITE, Cassville:

Your information relative to Coffee is correct, though old. What do you learn about the other points! Be on the alert. There are four times more forces south of you than you have reported.

I will get re-enforcements forward soon as possible. Be prepared to fall back at any time. I have plenty of men here, but without arms and ammunition. Horses not shod and no accouterments. Rains is not with Coffee; if he is, Coffee's and Rains' force is nearer 3,000 than 1,000. The loyal people are cowed and will not fight. We must move forward slow, and feel our ground well before starting.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

BATESVILLE, June 16, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

GENERAL: I have earnestly and immediately complied with every order authorizing the recruiting of regiments, with poor results, because

28 R R- VOL XIII

