
I have been so far from depots. Arkansas volunteers desire their Arkansas name, just as Iowa and other State volunteers want theirs. I am authorized to raise six or twelve months' volunteers. Is it so ordered! The telegraph has expressed the sentence imperfectly. I did not expect you had neglected me, but I have had abundant reason to utter lamentations over hopes deferred.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Humboldt, Kans., June 16, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

CAPTAIN: I arrived here last night with 1,600 Indians, Allen's battery, and a small detachment of the Sixth Kansas. Ritchie's regiment has 600 in it. The First has about 1,000. I am sanguine that I can fill Ritchie's regiment south of us.

The mustering officer however must go along. I took the responsibility of moving the Second Indian before they were formally mustered in. I did this in order to get them away from the influence of the chiefs. It so happens that the captains are not their chiefs. When together the Indians, even though mustered, run to the chiefs for advice, and are controlled by them as against the captains. On the first day out I brought out the captains, explained to them their duties and the extent of their authority. They were highly pleased and have harangued their men into implicit obedience. We are getting along very well. The Indians are very docile, seeming anxious to learn and full of fight, as they are getting the war-whoop all the way along. My only drawback is the absence of tents and cooking utensils. This chiefly applies to the Second Regiment. The First, by their good management, procured tents,&amp;c., rom the Superintendent of Indian Affairs. I have sent a messenger to meet the Indian outfit train and hurry it up. I ould respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the fact of the absence of some of the white officers of the Indian regiments. At this time they are all needed. Those here are all inexperienced and unacquainted with the necessary details of maintaining an army. I am officers should be here, and white men should be in each company, say, we can get along without something of the kind. I believe the Indians will contribute cheerfully toward remunerating some such persons. As have heard that a design exists in the Kansas Second to continue to stay at Humboldt until they effect a change in colonels in favor of Bassett. I give the rumor for what it is worth. It arises from one of their own officers, and I suspect that some project is on foot to embarrass the movement of the expedition.

No news from below. I have a through express between Fort Scott and here. I hardly need a division quartermaster.

Respectfully your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

