
account of the unfortunate state of affairs in that county. Some 4 or 5 citizens had been shot down by some of the State Militia, and the bushwhackers had been fighting and killing some 2 or 3 of the State Militia, all of which had brought about a most desperate state of affairs, so that no man, Union or sworn secessionist, feel themselves safe one moment. No man's life is safe, and we are liable to be shot by the infuriated troops or bushwhackers at any time. The people, without regard to past proclivities, are very much alarmed for their safety, and if the present state of affairs remain as they are the people of the county will all be killed or driven from their homes and families.

The people of the county, the Union people, have appealed to me to see you, and if possible induce you, as commander of this military district, to send some other troops to Johnson County and send the troops that are there to some other part of the State, as they feel confident that, from the fact that Major Foster and most of the men under his command are citizens of Johnson and have many personal difficulties to settle (of the truth of this I know), I know from my personal knowledge, as a citizen of the county, that the present difficulties never can be settled by the command of Major Foster.

As to the truth of what I state to you I refer to Charles Cunningham, sheriff; Henry Smith, justice of the peace; W. S. Foster, Thomas Foster, T. Robison, William Murphy, George Cunningham, John L. Rodgers, John Anderson, all good Union men, and citizens of Warrensburg and vicinity. I could give you the names of one hundred of the best citizens of our county,who all agree that unless the command of Major Foster is removed we can never have peace, and many of our quiet citizens will be murdered by these desperate men, who have been under Foster threaten to kill any one who informs on them for shooting a man or for stealing a horse. This I know to be so from my personal knowledge.

I appeal to you, general, in the name of the loyal people and in the name of humanity to spare us from death and devastation; sending us troops who are disciplined, and who have no "friends to reward or enemies to punish," and whose ambition is to serve their country faithfully and honestly. This is what our people want. They do not want to screen a single guilty man, but that all bushwhackers should be punished, and we care not how soon the last one is exterminated from the face of the earth.

This is written to you, general, as a private letter, as it would cost me my life if the militia of our county, with a hope that you will take steps to remedy the evil complained of.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. EADS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 18, 1862.

General CURTIS, Batesville, Ark.:

Major La Grange, with 400 men and two field pieces, is moving on Gainesville. He reports the rebels between Bolivar and Gainesville. Colonel Daniels thinks if Colonel Brackett from Jacksonville and Colonel Wilson from Pocahontas will move at once toward Gainesville and Bolivar they can co-operate with Major La Grange effectively.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier- General, Acting Inspector- General.

