
SPRINGFIELD, June 19, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Scouts confirm former intelligence as to numbers of the enemy in Arkansas, but they are being rapidly increased by conscription and recruits. Many of the people are trying to escape north, but the rebels have established lines of pickets across the country to prevent it. The troops here, except Wright's battalion, will be equipped this week. Fourth Missouri State Militia moved toward Mount Vernon to-day. I have ordered transportation and subsistence to be ready to move forward by the 21st, and will await your orders. To hold Missouri quiet we should move into Arkansas as soon as possible.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 19, 1862.

His Excellency H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, wherein you request, in view of the intelligence you have received that the rebels are collecting in Southern Missouri, in addition to the regiments of State Militia which have been thrown into that part of the State to meet them the Second Ohio Cavalry and a Wisconsin regiment now at Fort Scott and unemployed may be ordered to report to General Schofield for duty, and to inform you that your letter has been referred to the Adjutant- General for such action as the public interests may require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Assistant Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., June 20, 1862.

General HALLECK, Corinth, Miss.:

There is a rapidly increasing force in Northwestern Arkansas, which I must meet before long. My last re-enforcements for General Curtis are at Rolla about ready to move. If he can be re-enforced from another source these troops should go to Springfield. I will detain them until I hear from you.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Dispatch of the 18th, relating to movement of Major La Grange, just received. Time and distance not being known, it is difficult to co-operate. Will try to bag them at Cache River crossings, which are very few.

I got news of rebel band near Smithville, which was attacked by

