
Major Seley on Wednesday. The leader, Captain Jones, and 14 of his men, captured, with 4 wounded. We had 2 killed and 4 wounded. The enemy were in a house and somewhat protected. No boats yet arrived at Jacksonport.

This is the last day for conscript enrollment. Rebels meet in counties in front and on my flanks. Many ran to the hills and some came within my lines to escape the conscript act. The people are terribly agitated. Many organized under the conscript act being threatened with hanging if they do not.

Colonel Rombauer reports from West Plains that most of his regiment refuse to come farther. He is coming with 150 men. I recommend that the remainder be kept at West Plains, to guard that Godforsaken region, allowing better troops to come on.

Colonel Bell reports with battalion Thirteenth Illinois arrived at Pocahontas. This is the only report I have of approaching re-enforcements.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Let me know what to rely on. Your dispatches of to-day indicate only one regiment and a few of Rombauer's disaffected troops actually en route. Are not all the troops near the line moving! I understood your force was moving to the Arkansas line, and those before on the Rolla line were put in motion on the 10th. How is this! What troops are moving! The U. S. Reserve Corps regiments were sent back from Rolla because they were mutinous and worse than useless.

Can there be any use in sending regiments that require a force to keep them in position! Better leave such where only a show of force is needed.

I wish to advise General Halleck, if you have not already done so, just what you have been able to do.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

SPRINGFIELD, June 20, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Messenger has returned from General Blunt's column; it is at Spring River, 4 miles below the mouth of Shoal Creek, waiting for re-enforcements. W	hen they arrive, it will consist of two regiments of cavalry, four of infantry, and one battery of artillery. Colonel Salomon, who is in command, does not propose to move at any specified time. I have ordered a battalion of Colonel Hall's regiment from Mount Vernon to Neosho, with orders to communicate with Colonel Salomon. A mounted force has been ordered to move without transportation from Cassville, one battalion to Priceville, and the balance into Arkansas, to scour the country and break up the line of scouts that prevents citizens leaving. The whole to protect the citizens during the wheat harvest. Two chains of scouts, one from Springfield to Mount Vernon, Neosho, and the Kansas line, and another from Pineville through Cassville, Galena, and Ozark.

