
to pick up marauders, have been established. Our troops are behaving very well.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., June 20, 1862.

Colonel F. SALOMON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade, Neutral Strip, Kansas:

COLONEL: Will you send a regiment of troops, under command of Colonel Doubleday, and occupy Neosho and Pineville, in Newton and McDonald Counties, in this State! I will order the commands at Cassville and Mount Vernon to co-operate with them. I have ordered a strong mounted force to move toward Bentonville and scour the country and another into McDonald County. My information is that the Confederate troops have left Western Arkansas and are centralizing toward Little Rock,leaving the irregular troops and Indians in the west. This is not entirely reliable, yet enough so as to make it worthy of attention. They have formed a chain of scouts to prevent the citizens leaving who are trying to escape the conscript law and get into Missouri.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

SANTA FE, Mo., June 20, 1862.

Brigadier- General BLUNT:

Hays, with 100 men, joined Quantrill on the frontier on Tuesday last. Our departure from this station leaves our frontier unprotected from the Missouri River to Cold Water Grove. The people are preparing to leave their homes on our departure. I respectfully suggest to you that the absence of Federal troops here will be followed by immediate acts of arson and robbery in Kansas.

W. C. RANSOM,

Major, Commanding.

CORINTH, June 21, 1862.

Brigadier- General SCHOFIELD:

The War Department took Kansas out of my department, and I cannot ask for any part of it. Thank God it is no longer under my command. Let it slide; don't expect anything from it. I cannot send you any infantry regiments at present. Everything available must go to East Tennessee and to General Curtis.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, Ark., June 21, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Please report to General Halleck that General Schofield has started only 900 men that are actually coming to Arkansas; that

