
he expects in a day or two to start 1,200 more, and says this is all he can spare. I have sent back regiments to support my line, and left so many to guard my long lines I am unable to keep back the rebels that gather in front and on my right flank. I now order troops from the Rolla line to come forward, abandoning that line and relying on the Pilot Knob line. By this means I may hold out till boats come up White River with re-enforcements.

My cavalry has been my main dependence, but it is breaking down for want of forage, and here in front I cannot bring a thousand men into line.

The enemy is steadily increasing. Am I to have substantial re-enforcements soon!

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

BATESVILLE, June 21, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

In reply to your dispatch of the 14th, directing the First Illinois Cavalry to be sent to Benton Barracks to be mustered out, I asked that it should remain till we got more force, and actually think no sort of troops should be sent away from my lines at this time. The regiment at last accounts was at Houston, under orders to join me. For God's sake, general, do not withdraw force from my command till some accessions are actually realized. General Rust is said to be moving a large force around through Yellville to cut off my rear; the report says several thousand.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Humboldt, Kans., June 21, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: I am now packing up to start southward, taking with me the Tenth Kansas, Allen's battery, three companies Ninth Kansas, First Indian, and what there is of the Second Indian(seven companies), most of whom are not mustered.

The mustering officer, strange to say, has not yet arrived. The Indian outfit has arrived, and is woefully deficient; there is not a particle of tin-ware, no medicine, no stationery. There are a number of sick Indians, and no medicines or doctors. Were it not for the presence of the Tenth regimental surgeon there would be much loss of life. I am more and more convinced that the establishment of depots at Humboldt and Fort Scott work injury. Let one or the other be selected and everything concentrated at one point.

I would call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that many officers are, absent from their regiments, to the very great detriment of the service. I would respectfully suggest that stringent measures be adopted to procure their attendance.

Commissions to officers from the Governor are pouring in daily. I am told that the Tenth is rapidly becoming a regiment of officers. To add to these difficulties there are continual intrigues, from colonels down, for promotions and positions of command. Officers are leaving

