
their posts for Fort Leavenworth and elsewhere to engage in these intrigues for more prominent places. The camps are filled with rumors of the success of this or that man. Factions are forming, and a general state of demoralization being produced. I can see no remedy for these evils but the prompt punishment of all officers who in this manner seem more anxious for better pay than for better pay than for better improvement in the knowledge of their duties.

I have left a company of the Ninth to guard the stores at Humboldt. I would request that a portion of the Third Wisconsin be stationed there. I have two long lines of communication to keep open and trains to escort, and I will certainly need every available man.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 21, 1862.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff and Engineers, Corinth, Miss.:

Major La Grange, from Cape Girardeau, has driven a considerable force of rebels across Black River toward Pocahontas, and captured Lieutenant Chandler, hid in a chimney, and several of his company. General Curtis has been notified. First Illinois Cavalry ordered to Benton Barracks to be mustered out.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier- General, Acting Inspector- General.

SPRINGFIELD, June 21, 1862.

Colonel JULIUS WHITE, Cassville:

If McBride has reappeared at Yellville with 1,000 men we must watch for a movement from the enemy toward Forsyth. Their forces have not been heard from in the direction of Fort Smith for some time. They moved east and joined General Hindman near Des Arc. Send your main column toward Carrollton and strong scouting parties south and southwest. Be prepared to move at all times.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, June 21, 1862.

Colonel JULIUS WHITE, Cassville:

Organize the Arkansas men, and muster them so that they can be paid. The arms are being cleaned, and will be sent to companies as fast as they are ready. We may be compelled to move from Cassville, and the arms better be kept here until wanted. We will have to get an order to legalize the muster. Go through all the forms, if it take a little longer.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

