HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 22, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff and Engineers, Corinth, Miss.:

General Curtis wishes me to report that General Schofield will not be able to send him more than about 2,100 men. He now wishes the mustering-out of the First Illinois Cavalry he may expect re-enforced, and to know when he may expect re-enforcements from you. Troops have gone to relieve all of Curtis' troops on the Rolla line in order that they may join him. He says he is unable to keep back the rebels in front and on his flanks, but hopes to hold out until re-enforced by the river. His main dependence, the cavalry, is breaking down for want of forage, and he states that he cannot in front bring into line more than 1,000 men, although the rebels are increasing. General Rust is reported with several thousand men moving through Yellville to cut off Curtis' rear.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier- General.

CORINTH, June 22, 1862.

Brigadier- General KETCHUM.:

Gunboats, transports, and troops left Memphis on the 13th for White River. Rebel gunboats will be captured or destroyed. Authority was given to General Curtis long ago to raise Arkansas regiments, and arms and munitions of war will be sent from Saint Louis as he wants them.*

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General.

SANTA FE, Mo., June 22, 1862.

THOMAS MOONLIGHT, Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR: Engaged Hays last night; routed him without losing a man, capturing his arms. Send us per first boat 2,000 Colt's revolvers and 1,000 Austrian carbine cartridges, elongated balls.

W. C. RANSOM,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp on Big Creek, Kansas, June 22, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of authentic information, by the way of Colonel Salomon, to the effect that General Brown, of Springfield, Mo., has sent to Cassville, Mo., a body of some 4,000 troops,consisting of cavalry, save 600 infantry and seven 6 and 12 pounders; that Coffee Bride, and others, numbering 2,000 are not far off. Some 3,900 of the enemy are at Van Buren, threatening Springfield. General Brown writes communication through Cassville, as thence there is a telegraph to Springfield.

---------------

*Telegraphed to General Curtis same day.

---------------

