
I am thus far, and will move daily, say, 10 miles, to Colonel Salomon's camp near Spring River, having with me about 1,700 Indians, Tenth Kansas, Allen's battery, and three companies of the Ninth. One company of the latter is left at Humboldt to guard public property until relieved by Kansas Second. Colonel Ritchie['s regiment is receiving accessions daily and will undoubtedly fill up. Lieutenant Bowman is ment. I am taking along the Indian outfit. A mustering officer should by all means accompany us, and our force increased by the reception of friendly Indians, who are already flocking to us.

Lieutenant Bowman proposes to return. Through the chiefs I have sent runners all through the Indian country, notifying those in secret that help is nigh.

I would ask that the Kansas Second receive peremptory instructions to drop the question of colonel and help seek the enemy.

I would again respectfully request the ordering of every officer, staff and line, to his post. They are badly needed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, June 22, 1862.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff and Engineers, Corinth, Miss.:

General Curtis reports that he intends falling back upon Jacksonport and use the canebrakes as forage; that he will withdraw his forces on the Rolla line and thus increase his movable force; that he will rely upon the Pocahontas and river routes for supplies, and that Texan Rangers in large numbers are almost daily encountered by Union cavalry. General Schofield has sent troops to relieve those of General Curtis' command on the Rolla line.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier- General, Acting Inspector- General.

SPRINGFIELD, June 22, 1862.

Brigadier- General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Mr. Fishback, a lawyer, from Fort Smith on the 17th, left here this morning for Saint Louis and will call on you. From him and from other sources I learn that all regular forces of the enemy have been moved to Little Rock. A few irregular troops have possession of Western Arkansas. Confirms the report of line of scouts to prevent the people leaving. The conscription is making Union people fast. That 4,000 or 5,000 men can be armed against the South in Western Arkansas. The enforcement of the conscript law began on the 20th. Wheat crops large and well secured; oats poor; no other grain in the country. Some of the mills have been burned; enough left to supply flour to the army if not destroyed. Refugees from Arkansas are arriving at all our posts; 20 came in a body to our picket at Forsyth; showed a white flag; arrived here yesterday; 17 of them have enlisted, and want to go back to fight. I have ordered that no subsistence be

