
given to able-bodied refugees who do not enlist in the army; that at Cassville they be organized into companies and sent to this post for muster, arms, and subsistence, and join one of our regiments ordered into service. A strong mounted force lift Cassville this morning to break up McBride's camp, who has reappeared, with about 1,000 men, in the vicinity of Yellville. Two smaller detachments left at the same time for south and southwest to break up the line of scouts and bring out the refugees. A movement may be made up the west bank White River toward Forsyth. I shall be prepared to meet it. By a rapid move of General Blunt's column and this brigade we could take possession of Boston Mountains, and probably Fort Smith, before the enemy could move to prevent it. If it can be supported it would cut off their Indian allies, besides a large country that gives them subsistence, and make a diversion in favor of General Curtis when he is ready to move. We can subsist our troops in Arkansas.

I am working hard to fit the troops for service. It is important that all requisitions for ordnance and quartermaster's stores that have been sent up to this time should be filled as soon as possible, as they are required for immediate use.

Re-enforcements are necessary, but I will do the best I can until they can reach me. Having been in the northern part of the State, I am certain that the necessity of troops is much greater here than in any other portion of the State.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General.

CAMP ON HICKORY CREEK,

June 23, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: I am thus far on the road to Colonel Salomon's camp-within 25 miles of it. There is an utter destitution of salt and medical supplies in this part of the command. I hope that the necessary steps will be taken to forward them to Fort Scott and thence to my head quarters. Bacon is also a stranger to us. I fear that some of the departments of the service are not properly looked after. I know not whom to blame. We have no ambulances, though they have been at Fort Scott some days. Sickness and mortality are increasing among the Indians; they seem incapable of endurance.

I would respectfully suggest that the business of purveying for this expedition be intrusted to one set of heads, and that they be instructed to keep up continuously with the wants of the command and be always ready to supply them at some convenient depot.

My latest information from General Brown is that the enemy are establishing a cordon of troops on the borders of Missouri and Arkansas to prevent the people of the latter State from escaping to avoid conscription. We have already met many. At General Brown's urgent request Colonel Salomon has posted some companies of the Second Ohio at Neosho to co-operate with him.

I shall push on rapidly; my present purpose is not to delay until I am in the close neighborhood of the enemy, where I shall be ready to strike at the first opportune moment. The only anxiety is that the necessary supplies be forwarded rapidly before actual want overtakes me.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

