HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp on Hickory Creek, Osage Nation, June 23, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

There was handed me to-day for the first time the Leavenworth Conservative of 13th instant, in which there is an editorial and communication imputing to me the blame of the failure of Colonel Doubleday's late expedition from Spring River to Cowskin Prairie against Stand Watie and others. As I feel myself guiltless of any error and aggrieved at the charges therein contained, I would respectfully ask the appointment of a court to inquire into the truth of the imputations referred to.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Numbers 3 Saint Louis, June 23, 1862.

The rebels and rebel sympathizers in Missouri will be held responsible in their property, and, if need be, in their persons, for the damages that may hereafter be committed by the lawless bands which they have brought into existence, subsisted, encouraged, and sustained up to the present time. These lawless bands could not exist in Missouri a single week but for the aid of influential and wealthy sympathizers, many of whom have taken the oath of allegiance to the United States- only to violate its spirit, while they observe its form- so far as to escape punishment. If these people will not aid in putting down the demon they have raised among us they must pay the damages.

II. The sum of $5,000 for every soldier or Union citizen killed; from $1,000 to $5,000 for every one wounded; and the full value of all property destroyed or stolen by guerrillas will be assessed and collected from the class of persons described above and residing in the vicinity of the place where the act is committed. The sum thus collected will person, or to the rightful owner of the property destroyed of stolen.

III. For the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this order the commanding officer of each division of this military district will appoint a county board for each county in his division. This board will consist of not less than three members, who will be selected from the most respectable and reliable citizens of the county, and will take an oath to discharge faithfully and impartially all the duties required of them by this order. Immediately after its appointment and qualification the board of each county will proceed to enroll all the residents and property holders of the county who have actively aided or encouraged the present rebellion.

Immediately after the receipt of official information of either of the acts denounced by this order the division commander will notify the county board, a sufficient amount of personal property will be seized and sold to realize the amount. Any person who shall attempt to resist or evade the execution of this order will be arrested and reported to these headquarters,to be dealt with according to the nature of the offense.

