
When an act for which an assessment is to be made shall be committed at such place or under such circumstances as to render two or more counties properly responsible for it the division commander will so decide, and direct what portion of the assessment shall be made upon each county.

A single board may be appointed for two or more counties or parts of counties in the same division, at the discretion of the division commander. The county board of any county shall have power to drop from its assessment roll the name of any person who shall have taken the oath of allegiance and shall satisfy the board that he is honestly and faithfully discharging his duties as a good and loyal citizen and actively aiding in the restoration of peace and in bringing the lawless to punishment.

In making an assessment of damages the board will be governed by the wealth of an individual and his known activity in aiding the rebellion, particularly in countenancing and encouraging guerrillas, robbers, and plunderers of the loyal people.

Each county board will keep an accurate record of its proceedings, and will send a duly certified copy of each case to district headquarters.

By order of Brigadier- General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

BATESVILLE, June 24, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

GENERAL:

The telegraph from General Halleck, saying I have been authorized long since to receive Arkansas volunteers, is the first I have heard of it. Please direct the ordnance department to send 2,000 infantry arms and equipments complete; also direct quartermaster to send complete equipments and clothing for like number. About 200 are in my camp and four other companies are nearly formed.

No boats arrived yet. Proper requisitions would be sent, but the equipments are needed immediately. I move to Jacksonport. My trains have to go 60 miles for forage.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., June 24, 1862.

Colonel F. SALOMON,

Commanding Neutral Strip, Kans.:

I have received your dispatch of the 22nd instant. A battalion of Second Wisconsin Cavalry, under Major Miller, attacked a force of the rebels at Pineville yesterday morning, at 6.30, commanded by Major Russell, and dispersed them. I have ordered General White at Cassville and Colonel Hall at Mount Vernon to open communication and co-operate with Lieutenant Colonel Ratliff at Neosho and Pineville. I send you a schedule of time for an express. If it meets your views please adopt it. I will send you the general news in addition to the regular dispatch from time to time.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General Commanding.

