
JACKSONPORT, ARK., June 25, 1862.

Major- General HALLECK:

Your telegram of 23rd instant received. I have telegraphed you daily through your proper adjutant-general and inspector-general for the last two months. I have told you that my troops were unable to hold position. I have asked for re-enforcements, which have not been received. Troops promised have been stopped. My troops have had to fall back; my stock almost starving, and the enemy has been animated, learning I had sent to you a large portion of my force. It is impossible to get communication through by the valley of White River, the enemy being in force, supported by gunboats, below me. If you cannot send me re-enforcements immediately, so as to open the river, I may be able to fight my way through to Helena or some other point on White River, as you suggest, but I see no reason why the gunboats of the United States cannot come and drive out the gunboats of the rebels below my position in the face of the enemy. It is mortifying to me and to the men of Arkansas. Allow me hereafter to communicate with you direct, being satisfied my telegrams have not been properly forwarded, or troops in Missouri ordered to join me would not have been stopped. I still hold the line to Pocahontas and Ironton, and shall try to keep communication with you, as supposed I had been doing during the past sixty days.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

JACKSONPORT, June 25, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

GENERAL: The enemy, supported by the rebel gunboat at Montrose, are near Augusta. It is also said he has a battery of some field works at Gray's Bridge Crossing of Cache. The news of blowing up one of our gunboats is circulating among the rebels. I shall concentrate my forces and move down the White. I dislike to withdraw my force from Batesville, but I have not force enough to march through the country and garrison the posts also. I still have force at Batesville, but I may draw them in, with a view to clearing away somewhere. I hope to have communication with the Mississippi by land or water soon.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

FORT LEARNED, KANS., June 25, 1862.

Assistant Adjutant- General, Department of Kansas:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of your letter of June 17, per returned express. The troops have not yet reached this post. Neither have the two companies of cavalry (Mr. J. W. Martin's escort) returned. I have three Indians employed as scouts. They are constantly running between this post and the camp of the Texans. Their stories sometimes vary. The first scout reports that he visited the camp of the Texans where all the chiefs of the different tribes were collected in council. They were told to leave the road and not to interfere between Texas and Union troops. This story I am led to believe by nearly all the Indians who were about Walnut Creek moving across the Arkansas

