
some 40 miles above this post. Another scout states that he was in the camp when the Texans suddenly left, being ordered off he could not say where; the third agrees with the first. I am very much inclined to believe that they are nothing more than bands of lawless ruffians, expecting to capture the trains in route to Fort Union. I have cautioned the wagon-masters to go via Fort Lyon, and from information received I think there is no danger between this and Fort Lyon. Where I expected the Texans to come on the road was about 70 miles below this post, at the Little Arkansas. I shall act according to the instructions received in your letter.

I gave the honor to be, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM WEST,

Second Lieutenant, Second Infantry.

JACKSONPORT, June 26, 1862.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM:

GENERAL: I am surprised by the following extract from a dispatch from General Halleck:

I receive no communications from you, and am kept in entire ignorance of your movements and wants. If you have telegraphic communication with Saint Louis there is no reason why I should not hear from you daily.

In reply, I have told him I have reported daily through his proper officers, but hereafter I will send dispatches to his personal address. If I had been ordered not to go down White River I should have gone down to Augusta, where our gunboats could have come if they did come to Devall's Bluff, as it is now said they did. These back movements are a now ground of rebel rally and increasing embarrassment. I have called in all my outposts, with a view of moving down to Augusta or to the Mississippi at Helena, if necessary, for supplies.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

JACKSONPORT, ARK., June 26, 1862.

Major- General HALLECK:

I have ordered a concentration of my forces here and will move down White River, hoping that the gunboats will again come up. The back move increases my difficulty. My troops will ass be here in four or five days, ready to move down. I may be at Augusta in six days, unless the enemy is largely increased. I can get down to Devall's Bluff, but there is just as good navigation up to Augusta, and a proper escort should be furnished to bring my supplies up to this point when I get to the vicinity of Augusta. I hear nothing of supplies. I shall try to reach Helena.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., June 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD. Saint Louis:

The force I sent after Coleman was yesterday morning close to him

29 R R- VOL XIII

