
RICHMOND, VA., June 29, 1863.

GENERAL: As a report supplementary to the one made by me on the 19th instant I beg to mention here the officers to whom I am most indebted for assistance in the labor performed while commanding the Trans-Mississippi District.

In the enrollment and organization of troops from Missouri, Brigadier-General Parsons, and McBride; Colonels Clark, Payne, Jackman, Thompson, Porter, MacDonald, and Shelby; Lieutenant-Colonels Caldwell, Lewis, and Johnson; Majors Murray, Musser, and Pindall, and Captains Standish, Buchanan, Cravens, Peery, Quantrill, and Harrison were especially zealous and useful. In estimating the value of their labors and of the many other devoted men who assisted them, it is to be considered that in order to bring out recruits from their State it was necessary to go within the enemy's lines, taking the risks of detection and punishment as spies, secretly collecting the men in squads and companies, arming, equipping, and subsisting them by stealth, and then moving them rapidly southward through a country swarming with Federal soldiers and an organized militia, and whose population could only give assistance at the hazard of confiscation of property and even death itself. That they succeeded at all under such circumstances is attributable to a courage and fidelity unsurpassed in the history of the war. That they did succeed beyond all expectation is shown by the twelve fine regiments and three batteries of Missouri troops now serving in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

In raising troops in Arkansas Colonel C. A. Carroll was more successful than any other officer, and is entitled to high credit. He was valuably assisted by Cols. W. H. Brooks and H. D. King, Lieutenant-Colonels Gunter and McCord, Major Dillard, and others, and put in the service three full regiments of infantry and one of cavalry.

Colonel H. L. Grinsted raised two regiments of infantry; Colonel (now Brigadier General) D. McRae and Cols. J. C. Pleasants, A. J. McNeill, and C. H. Matlock each raised a regiment.

In raising Arkansas troops, and afterward in their organization and instruction, important services were rendered by the following among other officers: Colonel (now Brigadier General) J. F. Fagan; Colonels Shaler, Shaver, Morgan, Glenn, and Johnson; Lieutenant-Colonel Geoghegan, Magenis, Polk, McMillan, Wright, Hart, Young, and Crawford; Majors Bell, Gause, Cocke, Baber, Yell, Hicks, Chrisman,and Crenshaw, and Capts. J. Johnson, Ringo, Martin, Horne, Blackmer, and Biscoe. Among so many who were efficient it is difficult at this date to remember all, and it is probable some are omitted who should be named.

In the emergency that existed it was absolutely necessary, as I have shown in the report to which this is an accompaniment, for me to assume the authority to appoint the field and staff officers. If this had not been done not a regiment would have been raised, and Arkansas would have been wholly overrun by the enemy. For this and other assumptions of power, made necessary by the same exigency, I have been much censured by various persons. As for myself, I do not conceive it necessary to offer here any vindication other than the statement just made; but as to the officers whom I appointed, and by whose labors and those of their gallant comrades Arkansas, if not all the Western country, was saved from subjugation, I feel it a duty to urge that recognition and reward with their services merit.

It will appear as a strange chapter in the history of this contest that the Confederate Congress by special enactment legalized the regimental organizations made by me, thereby recognizing the necessity of my

