
on Little North Fork of White River. Coleman was found moving on Washburn's right flank, watching an opportunity to attack his trains. He is now in full retreat, trying to reach Follett's Ford on White River, and our forces flanking and trying to cut him off. The movement has probably saved Colonel Washburn's train.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp, Baxter Springs, Kans., June 26, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN ROSS,

Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs me to say that I have learned from your friends with me that you and your people are truly loyal to the Government of the United States; but from stress of circumstances have not been able to carry out your loyal principles during the present unholy rebellion.

I am now approaching your country with a strong military force, composed partly of Indians returning to their homes; and my purpose is to afford you protection and to relieve you and your country from your present embarrassment and to give you and all your friends an opportunity to show their loyalty to the United Stats Government.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. PHILLIPS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 26, 1862.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL:

I am just in receipt of your communication of 7th instant.* I have as yet received no returns from the Colorado troops and have no accurate knowledge of the number in the field. I have ordered Colonel Leavenworth, with such troops as he had at Denver and the remaining section of his battery, to Fort Lyon (formerly Fort Wise). He telegraphed me that he would leave Denver the 21st instant. His force, however, will be small. I instructed him to make his headquarters at Fort Lyon and to co-operate with you in keeping open communication from this place to Fort Union and Santa Fe.

Five companies of cavalry are also en route from Fort Riley to Forts Learned and Lyon to garrison those posts and give protection to the road at the Big Bend of the Arkansas.

From information I have received I was apprehensive that a rebel force would move north from Texas and capture Forts Learned and Lyon and the trains in route for New Mexico. I have no doubt that a considerable force of men at one time (about the 11th of June), were within a few days' march of the Arkansas, but the large force I have sent into the Indian Territory and menacing Texas has diverted them in that direction.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

