
Learning from Colonel Donaldson that you were destitute of artillery I directed Colonel Leavenworth to send one section of his battery to Fort Union. When you are in receipt of the two batteries now en route for your department I desire that you will send the section of Colonel Leavenworth's battery to Fort Lyon.

As regards the Colorado Volunteers, including those now in your department, such disposition may be made of them as yourself and Colonel Leavenworth may mutually agree upon to best promote the public interest.

I have the honor to be,most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, No. 13. Fort Leavenworth, June 26, 1862.

Whereas a system of warfare has been inaugurated known as "bushwhacking," in which all the rules governing belligerents among civilized nations are discarded and whereby rebel fiends lay in wait for their prey to assistance Union soldiers and citizens:

It is therefore ordered, and all commanders of troops and detachments in the field are specially direct, that whenever any of this class of offenders shall be captured they shall not treated as prisoners of was, but be summarily tried by drum-head court-martial, and if proved guilty be executed (by hanging or shooting on the spot), as no punishment can be too prompt or severe for such unnatural enemies of the human race.

By order of Brigadier General J. G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LARAMIE, June 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT:

Indians committing depredations almost daily between Green River and Salt Lake. This is outside your department. I am using the company of Utah troops in that region, but they are not sufficient. My other troops are now distributed on 300 miles of line,and it would be dangerous to send any of them away, if I had the authority to go beyond your department. What shall I do? The California troops cannot reach the disputed district for some weeks to come.

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, June 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

Three expeditions that were sent into Arkansas, south, southwest, and southeast from Cassville, under the several commands of Colonel King, Third Missouri State Militia; Major Hubbard, First Missouri Cavalry, and Major Miller, Second Wisconsin Cavalry,have after a successful reconnaissance returned to that post. The aggregate capture of prisoners and property is as follows: Colonel Fox, Pettis County:

