
Colonel Lewis, Jackson County; Colonel O'Kane, Independence County; 4 captains, 7 lieutenants, 1 enrolling officer under the conscription law, and 120 privates prisoners, 60 stand of arms, 12 teams, 25,000 pounds lead and powder, and considerable camp and garrison equipage, property of the Confederate Army.

Jude Walker, president Arkansas Secession Convention, was taken prisoner, and after giving bonds for $10,000 and taking the oath was released on parole to report at Cassville. He will be at that post to-morrow. Four secessionists killed. Carroll, Madison, Benton, and Washington Counties have been thoroughly scouted. Hunter, Rains, and Coffee are about 15 miles west of Maysville with 1,200 to 1,300 men, about one-third armed. General Hindman has ordered Rains and Coffee to join the Confederate service or disband. The expedition bringing in about 100 recruits for the First Arkansas Regiment. Northwestern Arkansas is reported loyal, and its permanent occupation would demonstrate it. These were successful expeditions. Our casualties nothing.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp, Baxter Springs, Kans., June 27, 1862.

Colonel SALOMON, Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the colonel commanding to say that on to-morrow you will march the main body of your brigade by the way of Hudson's Ferry down the west side of Grand River to a suitable point on Cowskin Prairie and there await further orders. That portion of you command which is at or near Neosho will be directed by you to you headquarters.

You will please send the Second Indian Home Guard Regiment, of your brigade, across Spring River, thence to move southward to the point indicated by you as the place of rendezvous. Instruct them to scour thoroughly the country between Grand River and the Missouri State line, arresting or driving before them all rebels in that portion of the country.

I would invite your careful attention to the delicate position your command will occupy in its relation to the Indians. The evident desire of the Government is to restore friendly intercourse with the tribes and restore loyal Indians with us to their homes. Great care must be observed that no unusual degree of vindictiveness be tolerated between Indian and Indian. Our policy toward the rebel portion of them must be a subject of anxious consideration, and its character will to a great degree be shaped by yourself as commander of the present advance. Of course no system can be laid down at the present. Reserve all questions in regard to the treatment of captured persons until after full consultation; particularly allow no members of the command to exercise private vengeance. Prisoners must be brought to you for trial. The rights of property must not be violated except by your order.

Let possession be taken of all mills and subsistence stores.

JAMES A. PHILLIPS,First Lieutenant and A. A. A. G.

