
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, No. 4. Saint Louis, Mo., June 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel B. G. Farrar having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with Special Orders, No. 260, Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, June 25, 1862, is hereby announced as provost-marshal-general of this district, to include the military prison at Alton.

The commanding officer of each division of this military district will appoint a provost-marshal-general for his division, who will be a member of his staff and act under his immediate orders. He will issue all orders and do all official acts in the name of his immediate commander, who will be officially responsible for them.

Local provost-marshal will be appointed by division commander for all important points occupied by troops, and will have jurisdiction over definite portions of the State, to be designated by the division commanders.

Local provost-marshal will, as far as practicable, be selected from the officers of the Missouri Militia, and will be permanently detached from their regiments, not to be relieved when their regiments shall change their stations.

Detailed instructions will be given through the provost-marshal-generals of the district for the guidance of all provost-marshal in the discharge of their duties.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Saint Louis, June 28, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.:

General Curtis reports a refugee from Little Rock gives what he considers reliable information of rebel forces at Devall's Bluff- five regiments Texas cavalry, one regiment Arkansas infantry, one regiment Texas infantry, battery of six brass guns, two 42-pounders. This was the force last Sunday; it is poorly armed; it may increase on his immediate front. There are some two regiments on his right (about 2,000); this does not include unorganized conscripts that are forming throughout the State. He will move forward as soon as Washburn's command reaches him. He has heard nothing of it since it started from Springfield. General Curtis says he has daily reported to you. If he had been ordered not to go down White River he could have done down to Augusta, where our gunboats could have come, as it is said they were at Devall's Bluff. These back movements are a new ground of rebel rally and increasing embarrassments. He has called in all his outposts with a view of moving down to Augusta or to the Mississippi at Helena, if necessary, for supplies.

Your order for General Curtis not to move down White River was sent to him by telegraph from these headquarters on the 13th June.

S. M. PRESTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

