
are on the way from Cassville. They will go into the camp of instructions and be drilled and fitted for the field as soon as possible. Captain Murphy has added another section, two rifled 6-pounders,making it a six-gun battery. He is recruiting with indifferent success. We found everything necessary to fit those two guns and two caissons except harness and horses.

The ordnance stores have been placed in order for service. We are finding them in every nook and corner of the town daily.

Hoping,general, that the course pursued may meet with your approbation, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp, Baxter Springs, Kans., June 28, 1862.

Colonel W. R. JUDSON,Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the colonel commanding to say that on to-morrow morning at daybreak you will march the main body of your brigade by the way of Hudson's Ferry down the west side of the Grand River until you join Colonel Salomon's First Brigade. You will probably find him encamped on Cowskin Prairie. You will please send that portion of the First Indian Home Guards that are mounted, of your brigade, across Spring River, thence to move southward to the place of rendezvous of the First and Second Brigades, Indian Expedition. Instruct them to scour the country between Grand River and the Missouri State line, particularly that portion that he Second Indian Regiment have failed to visit, arresting or driving before them all rebels in that portion of the country.

I would invite your careful attention to the delicate position your command will occupy in its relation to the Indians. The evident desire of the Government is to restore friendly intercourse with the tribes and return the loyal Indians that are with us to their homes. Great care must be observed that no unusual degree of vindictiveness be tolerated between Indian and Indian. Our policy toward the rebel portion of them must be a subject of anxious consideration, and its character will to a great degree be shaped by yourself in conjunction with Colonel Salomon. No settled policy can at present be marked out. Give all questions their full share of investigation. No spirit of private vengeance should be tolerated.

The right of private property should not be molested except by your order.

Possess yourself of all mills, subsistence stores, &amp;c., in the country.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, &c.,

JAMES A. PHILLIPS,

First Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, June 29, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

The troops in this division are in this position: Mount Vernon, Fourth Missouri State Militia; Cassville, Third Missouri State Militia,

