
three companies Second Wisconsin Cavalry,and three guns Peoria Battery; Galena,three companies Fourteenth Missouri State Militia and Sixth Missouri; Ozark, one company Fourteenth Missouri State Militia; Bolivar, one company Fourteenth Missouri State Militia; Lebanon, detachment Third Iowa (eight companies). Tenth Illinois have not returned from the pursuit of Coleman; reported on the way with 46 prisoners; had two little affairs with Coleman's men. Thirty-seventh Illinois and one battalion First Missouri on the march from Cassville with prisoners to this post; be here to-night.

The Thirty-seventh for guard and post duty here, and the First Missouri will fit, recruit, and remount. The horses are en route from Rolla. About 150 men of the commands here are with trains between this and Rolla, which with the guards for prisoners, uses all the troops we have at the post. Colonel Weer, in command of Kansas troops, has sent a dispatch that he moved with about 5,000 men on the 27th to Cowskin Prairie,and has ordered the Second Ohio Cavalry from Neosho to join him at that point, an asks me to co-operate with him. By withdrawing the Second Ohio from Neosho Colonel Weer leaves that country and the Granby lead mines open to the enemy.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, June 29, 1862.

Colonel E. DANIELS, Cape Girardeau:

Withdraw all forces you may have south of Chalk Bluff. Concentrate your command so as to hold the important crossings of the Saint Francis and the avenues into Southeast Missouri. Full instructions sent by mail.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

BATESVILLE, June 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General KETCHUM:

GENERAL: Your dispatch informing me that General Schofield ordered Rombauer's mutineers to be disarmed and turned over to me as prisoners is received. Excuse me. I want troops, not prisoners. I had trouble enough with those U. S. Reserve Corps at Rolla when I ordered them back, because they were worse than no troops. I have suggested to General Schofield to leave them at West Plains. I shall move my force to Jacksonport, where I hope the canebrakes will do for forage, and where I hope river communication will soon furnish supplies. I shall also abandon the Rolla line of communication, relying on the route to Pocahontas and the river route. By drawing troops from the Rolla in I shall increase my moveable force here at the head of my column, where the enemy presses in my force and renders foraging impossible. I had expected force through General Schofield by this time, but he says he needs all his, and I am disappointed in his movements. Great excitement exists in the country around, and the conscripts are gathering [being gathered by?] the Texan Rangers in large numbers. My cavalry encounter the enemy almost daily.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

