
SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, June 30, 1862.

Colonel DANIELS, Cape Girardeau:

No infantry to spare. Do best you can with what you have. Hold crossing at Chalk Bluff or some strong point in rear of it to prevent enemy from advancing between Saint Francis and swamps. Report progress.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Saint Louis Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp Cowskin, Ind. T., June 30, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,Commanding Indian Expedition:

SIR: I have to report that, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 5, from your headquarters, I commenced our march at 4 o'clock a.m. June 28, 1862, with two sections Indiana Battery, one battalion of Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry,and six companies of Ninth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, the Second Regiment Indian Home Guards being ordered to cross Spring River and march southward on the east side of said river. We arrived at Hudson's Crossing of the Neosho at 11 o'clock a.m.,forded the river, and encamped immediately beyond. Struck tents and marched at 3 o'clock a.m. June 29, 1862,and suffered greatly during the march on account of the extreme heat and for want of water. Arrived at Carey's Ford at Grand River at 11 o'clock a.m. The crossing of the entire command was not effected until 2 p.m., owing to the difficulty in getting the train up the steep bank of this side of the river. Upon the arrival of our advance to the vicinity of Round Grove, 3 miles from the ford, a scouting party of the enemy, consisting of about 150 mounted white men, was discovered. A reconnoitering party of one section of artillery and one company of cavalry was ordered to advance upon them, when they fell back across the prairie to the vicinity of their camp,which is reported to be situated at Big Spring, on Honey Creek, about 8 miles distant. General Rains is also reported in command, with from 1,000 to 3,000 Indians and whites. Lieutenant-Colonel Ratliff, with the detachment of this brigade under his command not yet having arrived,no attack was made upon them, I not thinking it prudent to leave my train unprotected,which, with my force here, would be necessary in order to attack them with effective strength. I accordingly ordered my command into camp in Round Grove, pitching no tents, and resting on their arms during the night.

Heavy cannonading was reported to be heard during yesterday afternoon in a northerly direction; cause unknown. No tidings from Lieutenant-Colonel Ratliff have yet been received. Last night I attempted by means of scouts to communicate with him, and also to ascertain the enemy's position, but their numerous pickets prevented the advance of my men, and consequently no further information can be given.

I have the honor to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Indian Expedition.

