
FORT LARAMIE, July 1, 1862.

General BLUNT:

One hundred and sixty head of animals taken from emigrants at Ice Springs night before last. I must again urge the commanding general to send me more troops. I cannot cover 500 miles of road with the small force now here. The Indians do and can get in between my detachment. I have taken measures to get the Colorado troops, if there are any mounted men there. I am now of opinion that the Snakes, Crows, Cheyennes, and one band of Sioux have taken part in the depredations. The road is in danger daily from Platte Bridge to Salt Lake Valley. Two men were murdered on the 21st at Rocky Ridge. My troops will be in pursuit as soon as an express rider can reach them.

The telegraph wire is down west of this post.

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, No. 3. Saint Louis, Mo., July 2, 1862.

A cowardly murder has been committed in Saint Francis County in the killing of John F. McIlvaine, while quietly at work on his farm, for nothing else than because he used the best of his endeavors, as a good citizen should, to prevent a party of horse-thieves, calling themselves Confederate States soldiers, from stealing the property of his neighbors and himself. This gang has been kept in existence, fostered and sustained by the wealthy rebel sympathizers of Saint Francis County. Therefore, in order to carry out the provision of General Orders, No. 3, Headquarters District of Missouri, the following county board is appointed for Saint Francis County: John Cobb, John Bush, William R. Taylor,who will immediately proceed to make and collect an assessment of $5,000, in accordance with the provisions of the order referred to.

Should any of the board refuse to serve or any attempt to interfere with them in the execution of their office,he will be promptly arrested and reported to these headquarters and dealt with summarily.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel Second Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp at Cowskin Prairie, July 2, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: I am now marching down General River on its west side, and take the occasion of a temporary halt to inform the general of the occurrences of the last few days, which in my opinion seal the Cherokee people to the Union.

At Camp Baxter Springs, on Spring River, upon the edge of the Indian Territory, I learn that General Rains, of the rebel army, was advancing with a large force to attack a small cavalry command belonging to the Indian expedition under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Ratliff, Second Ohio Cavalry, stationed by Colonel Salomon at Neosho, the capital of Newton County, Missouri. So imminent was the threatened

