
danger, that I sent to Neosho four companies Ninth Wisconsin Infantry and one section Rabb's battery to re-enforce him.

In the event of the complete discomfiture of the attack, gotten up with a view to inspire the Indians with an exalted opinion of the power of the Southern Confederacy, I made the following dispositions: On the morning of the 28th I ordered Colonel Ritchie, with the Second Indian Regiment, to cross Spring River at Baxter Springs and proceed south to Round Grove, Cowskin Prairie, the scene of Colonel Doubleday's encounter with Stand Watie, and scour thoroughly the country between Grand River and the Missouri State line. Colonel Ratliff was directed to march from Neosho to Round Grove,and Colonel Salomon, with the main body of his brigade, to the same point, proceeding down the west side of Grand River, crossing it at Carey's Ford, and reaching Round Grove at 3 miles' distance from the ford. The plan worked, as far as carried out, very well,but Colonel Salomon and Colonel Ritchie encountered the enemy's pickets, capturing 3 of them and some 12 other prisoners, besides a quantity of stock, all which will be duly reported.

It was found impossible to induce the enemy to make a stand, though various stratagems were resorted to for that purpose. They numbered some 1,500 white men, under command of Brigadier-General Rains. Stand Watie, with 1,000 Indians, was 10 miles farther south. Rains' retreat was very rapid, and, as our scouts say, his intention was not to stop short of Fort Smith. Among the prisoner are a recruiting officer and some recruits for Rains' army. To-day I have relieved the Indians from scouting duty the country east of Grand River being very broken and flinty and their ponies unshod, and have replaced them with the Sixth Kansas, who are instructed to proceed to Maysville, Ark., and scout the country between the State line and Grand River and rejoin me some miles south of this. They take with them no transportation. I will lay by on the 4th to celebrate the day, and will make a delay of some days when within striking distance of Tahlequah and Fort Gibson, in order to give the Cherokees a chance to renew their treaty obligations to the Government or be swept out of the country. I have information from the south sufficient to satisfy me that the whole tribe can be induced to surrender. Our approach is alarming them. They are moving their families and property across the Arkansas. They fear the terrible reprisals of the Indian exiles who are with me. As the management of this Indian business is more properly the province of the Indian Department, I regret the absence of an officer accredited to represent it. I hope the general commanding will furnish me instructions on this subject. I shall in the mean time do nothing but what will be stipulated to be subject to his approval.

My only drawback is the want of supplies from my rear. If properly supplied, and not delayed with negotiations with the Indians, I can be at Fort Smith in a week. My present plan will result in the complete surrounding of the enemy in his precipitate retreat across the Arkansas, thus restoring the country to the complete domination of the Government. I must, before closing, state that Major Philips, in command of the mounted men of the First Indian Regiment (some 200), by my order crossed Spring River at Baxter Springs one day behind Colonel Ritchie,instructed to scour such parts of the country as were not visited by the latter. The colonel's search was no throughout that Major Phillips felt himself warranted in entering Missouri some 10 miles. On his route he encountered a party of bushwhackers, exchanged shots, and thinks he killed their captain, one Price. He reached headquarters

