
last evening with captured prisoners and stock. I can give no further particulars, as he has not yet had time to make a written report.

The Indians are behaving well, with a few exceptions, and seem full of fight. They have been tried on occasions when fight seemed imminent, and they manifested a perfect willingness. The only difficulty is to repress outrages perpetrated after Indian fashion. this I hope to accomplish. Please inform the general that we are very short of ordnance stores, medical supplies, salt, and bacon. The former I must turn for to Fort Leavenworth. I will soon reach the Grand Saline, where I propose to go to manufacturing salt. I earnestly beg that ammunition and medicine be immediately sent. I anticipate no great fight inside of a week.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT SCOTT, July 3, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding Indian Expedition:

SIR: As it is not designed for the force under your command to operate outside the limits of the department you will therefore occupy the Indian Territory until further orders, and not advance into Arkansas or Texas except to repel some rebel force immediately upon the borders and menacing the territory you occupy. It is my purpose to concentrate under you command an additional force of infantry and artillery before making a campaign into Arkansas or Texas. You will concentrate your force so far as practicable at some suitable point in the Indian Territory as a base of operation and establish a temporary depot of subsistence, to which all subsistence trains should be directed. Instructions relative to the treatment of the rebel Indians and the disposition of those that are loyal, including the refugees no in Kansas, will be forwarded you in a few days.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MISSOURI CAVALRY, Springfield, Mo., July 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,Commanding Missouri State Militia, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have just returned from an expedition through the eastern portion of the Southwest District and south along White River and the Arkansas line, and having some leisure and information from the rebels I assume the privilege of writing you direct. This course may not be according to the laws of William and Mary, yet, if you approve it, I will occasionally give you a dish of what is going on in the southwest. With this preface I will proceed. The rebel forces under McBride, Schnable, Coleman, Crabtree, Hindman, and Bledsoe are at this time embodied and in camp east of Yellville, Ark. McBride has recently been empowered to consolidated and command all those troops by the authorities of Arkansas. He is now organizing,and has 1,500 men in one camp and 300 at Yellville. They are enforcing the conscript law.

