
and a majority of the citizens north of the Boston Mountains are very indignant and much opposed to the law. Much suffering prevails among them. In my late expedition I drove everything from the eastern portion of the district; captured 60 bad cases, and carried out General Orders, No. 18, in fifteen instances. I learned by a scout in their camps that the rebel force in Arkansas was 30,000 strong, and that they had a movement on hand to advance into Missouri. They intended to attack Cassville with some 6,000 carry,that point, and then concentrate upon Springfield. They say they do not regard the Missouri State Militia, and that this is the key-point to Missouri. They also claim 20,000 men north of Missouri River, who they say are ready to co-operate with them when the sign is right. While the scout was there a messenger arrived from Little Rock and announced to McBride that the rebel forces were successful at Richmond. It gave new life to the rebels. Scout says they are very determined and sanguine of success. McBride also received an order to join the main forces. These forces have been committing unheard of depredations in the various neighborhoods through which they have passed. They have plundered and murdered Upon citizens until forbearance ceases to be a virtue. I also have a scout in from the southwest of the district. He reports Coffee and Stand Watie encamped at Cowskin, Camp Walker, and Pineville; their combined forces about 1,800 or 2,000. They are waiting to co-operate with the rebels from the cast in the general move. Rains is in Fort with some 400 men. The rebels scouts and spies riding all through this district, and they have direct communication with the citizens of this place and are well posted in all the Federal movements. Guerrilla warfare is now the order of the day, and unfortunately for us many of our men do not understand it as they should, to be successful. Another great mistake many Federals have made; they have and do now underrate the enemy. "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." A knowledge of the habits and movements of these people is everything. Many do not know how to obtain it,neither will they believe and act on it when obtained by any one else. When will our troubles cease? I have made many sacrifices,done a vast amount of labor it seems to me but for little purpose. I some times despond; at others all looks right, yet I have devoted myself to the cause and cannot stand still while a rebel infests our country. This rebellion has cost us much, it may cost us all; but where should the ivy drop its leaves but at the root of the oak that supports it? For fourteen months I have carried triumphantly through this district the flag that floated over the Montezumas, that has waved proudly over every sea and been the American's protection in every clime, and that flag must float over the battered walls of Sumter, and a Davis, a Stephens, a Beauregard, and a Johnston must acknowledge its power or die. I am engaged in this war from principle, and will leave nothing undone that will assist my superiors in restoring peace to this unhappy country. I hope we will succeed, although the storm beats wildly against us.

If I have trespassed by writing this communication I beg pardon; if not, I will occasionally drop you a line.

Before I close allow me to rank you for your indulgence and many past favors.

I have the honor to be, general, with they high respect, your most obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

