HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, July 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH:

Detachments of Second and Eleventh Regiments of Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, overtook Porter and a band of 200 marauders south of Lancaster, killing 6 and wounding a considerable number. The enemy, being mounted on fresh stolen horses, fled faster than our men could follow them on their jaded animals. Colonel Lieutenant still in pursuit.

JOHN McNEIL,Colonel, Commanding District.

SPRINGFIELD, July 5, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Hall reports a chase of 5 guerrillas near Gadfly; killed 3 of them, 4 horses captured; and another chase at Jollification of 18, in which 10 were killed. He had 4 horses killed; no other casualties. Seventy-six Arkansas prisoners have taken that oath and given bonds. They start for home to-day.

Before leaving they held a meeting, passed resolutions to sustain the Government; cheered the old flag; said they had been deceived, and were going home with corrected views, &amp;c. Our officers have treated them courteously and thereby won them completely.

Several citizens from Arkansas are delighted with the result of our policy in releasing them.

The expedition to Fayetteville has returned to Cassville. The lead was removed to Van Bureau the night before our troops arrived. Captured 9 prisoners. Flag of truce that was sent with the surgeons returned to-day. McBride and all the other rebel troops were moving east to join Hindman. The flag went 70 miles beyond Yellville before the officer could deliver the surgeons. The Kansas troops are about 40 miles south of Maysville. Coffee, Rains, and company were in full retreat for Fort Smith with a disorganized mob of about 1,500 men, about half armed, mounted on broken-down, pitiable-looking horses. Scouts reports Rains drunk, cursing his fate. I shall three companies of the First Arkansas Cavalry with muskets to-day and move them to Cassville early next week,and with eight companies Tenth Illinois Cavalry and six mountain howitzers, make a camp at Fayetteville. There is plenty of forage, flour, and meat at that place. The position at Fayetteville will enable the regiment forming to fill up rapidly and be of the same line and support to the Kansas column. Before making the move I ask your approval, as I have unfavorable reports from General Curtis' column.

E. B. BROWN.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND REGIMENT, I. H. G., Camp Cabin Creek, July 5, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT:

SIR: I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Corwin to Fort Scott with three companies of Cherokees just enlisted. He will take with him a herd of cattle and some 20 or 25 prisoners taken from General Rains on Sunday in his disgraceful flight from our wild Indians. His force was

