
1,400 strong; ours then only 500. The principal object of his (Colonel Corwin) going to Fort Scott is to have the three companies mustered.

I have now a full regiment of nearly 1,000 men and nearly all mounted; if permitted, could have them all mounted. I have reliable information that there are 2,000 more Cherokees that will join us in a few days. Our enemy is retreating. No large body is reported this side of Tahlequah, the capital of the Indian Nation.

I hope that you will see that a mustering officer is sent immediately to Fort Scott to meet Lieutenant-Colonel Corwin with his recruits. "I wish I was in Dixie." "Sing, boys; only 225 miles yet."

I have the honor to be, your humbles servant,

JOHN RITCHIE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment I. H. G.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp on Wolf Creek, July 7, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN ROSS,Chief of the Cherokee People:

SIR: The bearer of this communication is an accredited agent of the United States Government, and as such bears to you this official note.

I am here with an armed force of regularly enlisted soldiers, instructed and prepared to enforce the observance of treaty obligations by the Cherokee people. It is unnecessary for me to recapitulate the violations of them, as it is notorious that a portion of the Cherokees have been seduced by designing me into a state of hostility to a Government whose administration has been so parental as to well deserve the name of "Great Father."

I am here to injure no one who is disposed to do what treaties made by his nation bind him to do; but am here to protect all faithful members of the tribe.

I desire an official interview with yourself, as the Executive of the Cherokee people. The object will be, on my part, to endeavor to effect a restoration of good feeling and the observance of law and order in this beautiful country,now threatened with the horrors of civil war.

I desire to ascertain from you officially if some plan satisfactory to all parties cannot be adopted by which the unfaithful portion of the Cherokees may be induced to place themselves, their families, and property under the protection of my forces.

Individual outrages may have been committed by persons in my command without authority. I would desire to arrange a plan by which compensation may be made.

I accordingly request this interview between us at my camp, promising you a safe return to your home.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, No. 41. Saint Louis, July 7, 1862.

From the report of Colonel J. M. Glover of an investigation made by him, in pursuance of orders from these headquarters, of the circumstances under which one Colonel Best, a rebel spy, was executed by

