
small parties as are not able to defend themselves. I have directed all the officers on the line to urge upon the emigrants the necessity of forming strong companies and exercising vigilance. In obedience to your order and the urgent calls of the mail company I sent the Utah troops to Bridger to guard the line from that post to Salt Lake, which leaves me only Colonel Collins' Sixth Ohio Cavalry, about 300 strong, and two skeleton companies of Fourth Regiment Cavalry, about 60 men, mounted upon horses purchased seven years ago, to protect the 400 miles intervening between this post and Fort Bridger. I need not say that this force cannot protect a line of such length unless the Indians are willing to behave well. I think I am doing all that can be done with so small a force mounted as they are and without any grain forage. My scouts inform me that a portion of the stolen property is now in an Indian village on Beaver Creek but little more than 100 miles south of this post. It consists of 1,000 lodges, say 3,000 fighting men. I suppose I could whip these Indians if I could concentrate my command and go against them; but in the first place my troops are distributed along a line of 500 miles, and in the second place if I take the troops all away from the line mail stock, telegraph line, and emigrants would be almost certain to suffer. I am therefore to await re-enforcements, or at least until the emigration is out of danger. If a regiment of mounted troops could be sent by boat to Fort Pierre, which is only 300 miles north of this post, a joint campaign could be made against those tribes, which I think would result in giving peace to this region for years to come. Presuming it to be the intention of the Government to keep the troops somewhere in this region during the coming winter, I beg to urge the necessity of sending authority to procure hay for the animals, and also to send grain, or authority to purchase it, in Colorado. Unless the hay contract is let soon it will be difficult to procure it within reasonable distance. Parties here are anxious to furnish it at less figures than it cost last year. I omitted to say above that under your telegraphic order I have kept at this post the escort furnished by you to the Governor of Utah. I also sent to Denver City to inquire the number and description of troops in that vicinity, and received for answer that there were 4 officers and 6 privates all told. The troops ordered from California on this line have probably not started. They have not got as far east as Carson Valley.

This letter already too long. I leave Lieutenant Wilcox to explain anything I have omitted.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. CRAIG.

CORINTH, July 13, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

I fear your have received none of my telegrams for the last two or three weeks. The three regiments on the White River under Colonel Fitch are under your orders. Your supplies can now all come by water. How many additional troops do you want to take Little Rock and clean out Northern Arkansas? It is not proposed to operate south of the Arkansas River.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

