
CORINTH, MISS., July 13, 1862.

(Received July 15.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Advices received from General Curtis. He failed to open communication with Colonel Fitch with four regiments and large supplies in White River. He is safe at Helena,and I have ordered supplies to him from Memphis, and will also send re-enforcements. It is believed, however, that Colonel Fitch has joined him by this time.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, Mo., July 13, 1862.

W. W. LYNCH, Esq.,Clerk of Texas County Court, and other citizens of Missouri:

GENTLEMEN: I have received your petition asking for help. You may be assured you would have it before now had it been in my power to give it. I see no other way but for all the able-bodied men of your district to go into the service and help to subdue the rebels.

The President has called upon the Governor of Missouri for several new regiments for the United States receive. Every man able to bear arms should go in at once. Assemble at Rolla,and I will have you organized and mustered in without delay, under good officers, who have been in service since the war began,and know how both to fight and take care of their men. The officers will be taken from your own number if you have any capable and experienced. This is all I am able to do for you,and it is enough if you have the right spirit. Every man must make up his mind to enter the ranks and fight.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, July 14, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

I have sent 500 mounted men, with one section of artillery, to Fayetteville. They will there this morning. I have advices that Rains has left that post secretly; destination unknown. Coleman's band has appeared in Douglas County. A part of them moved north, and are threatening our trains again. I have sent Colonel Wright, Sixth Missouri, with about 400 men, southeast to cut them off, and asked Colonel Sigel to co-operate with him. The Twenty-sixth Indiana and four guns of Murphy's battery left there yesterday; Fourth Mississippi State Militia, except one company at Neosho,one at Mount Vernon, and one here, partly armed, are concentrating at Newtonia. At Ozark there is one section of artillery, two companies Thirty-seventh Illinois,and one company of cavalry; at Galena, two companies Tenth Illinois; at Cassville an south of it, eight companies Third Missouri State Militia, six companies Tenth Illinois three companies Second Wisconsin,and three guns Davidson's battery; at this post and in service in the southeast, eight companies Thirty-seventh Illinois, one battalion First Arkansas.

