
Cavalry armed with muskets (320 men on foot), Fourteenth Missouri State Militia, battalion Sixth Missouri Cavalry,and one company Fourth Missouri State Militia,the three last fitting and drilling for service. Expect to have them ready this week. At Bolivar, one company Third Missouri State Militia, and at Lebanon three squadrons Third Iowa Cavalry.

Scouts inform me that McBride, with about 2,000 men, is moving up White River, and a considerable force of the enemy have concentrated in Boston Mountains south of Fayetteville. I will advise you upon the receipt of more definite information.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION, Springfield, Mo., July 14, 1862.

Colonel JOHN C. TRACY, C. S. Army,In Camp near Fayetteville, Ark.:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of the 10th instant* by the hands of Major Thomas P. Murray has been opened at Cassville by my orders and its contents telegraphed me.

You are not correctly informed when you say that you learn that a barbarian was is being carried on in Missouri by the troops of the United States Government or by those of the Provisional Government of the State of Missouri.

The only barbarism that I am aware of is being perpetrated by a few men in the southern portion of the State in the name of the so-called Southern Confederacy,who in the garb of citizens are practicing open violations of the laws of war. To this class of men no quarter is given when found with arms and fighting our troops, nor mercy shown when they are taken without arms and found guilty by a military commission.

I presume, colonel, from the passage in your letter in which you say "I have and do denounce assassins, murderers, robbers, and land pirates of the South has well as North," that these are not the persons to whom you refer when you say, "It has been represented to me that citizens of Southwest Missouri of Southern opinions are being constantly shot and murdered by soldiers of the Government of the United States and the so-called Gamble government of Missouri." If you come with arms in your hands and fight us we will whip you if we can, and should you become our prisoners by any of the varied chances of war we shall treat you so well that you will regret that you could not always be a prisoners; but if your people in the guise of citizens steal into our lines and shoot down our soldiers from the bush they will receive,as they deserve, no mercy. We wage no war against peaceable citizens, women, or children, though they may entertain Southern sentiments,and none but an honorable warfare against legitimate combatants.

Wishing with you, my dear colonel, a restoration of peace under the good old Constitution, with one government and one flag, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier General, Commanding District Southwest Missouri.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

