
Captain W. W. H. Lawrence will turn over to him such books, papers, instructions, &amp;c., as he may require.

IV. Lieutenant-Colonel Ratliff, Second Ohio Volunteers Cavalry, will take command of the First Brigade as senior officer present.

V. The whole command will march to-morrow morning at 2 o'clock, with exception of the First and Second Regiments Indian Home Guards, which will be assigned by special orders as corps of observation, to be stationed on or near Verdigris and Grand River.

By order of Colonel Salomon, commanding Indian Expedition:

A. BLOCKI,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 19, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

I leave here for Washington to-morrow. General Curtis has been fully supplied and has formed a junction with Colonel Fitch.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 19, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Helena, Ark.:

Your letter of July 14 was received night before last at Cairo. I arrived here yesterday afternoon, and shall leave for Washington to-morrow under orders. How long I shall be absent I know not. You therefore must act in Arkansas as your own judgment dictates.

I hear that Colonel Fitch joined you with his forces,and I anticipated your wishes by ordering before I left Corinth all the infantry of Wallace's division to report to you at Helena.

It is supposed from information received at Corinth before I left that Bragg's army at Tupelo and Columbus, or at least a part of it, has commenced moving, but to what destination is still uncertain. I think a portion goes to Chattanooga, to operate against Buell; probably another portion moves on Vicksburg, and perhaps Memphis. Possibly some have gone to Richmond, but I believe no large body. It is also possible that they will attempt to throw forces across the Mississippi into Arkansas. I suppose you next object will be Little Rock. In this I hope the gunboats will co-operate. I asked such co-operation some time ago but got no answer, the flotilla not being subject to my orders.

The quartermaster and commissary department will give you the supplies and transportation required.

Note general orders on leaves of absence; also about furloughs for soldiers. The giving of sick leaves must cease, as it is destroying the army. As a general rule the sick will recover sooner in Arkansas than if sent North. Moreover when they are there they can be used when fit for duty, but of the thousands sent off on sick leaves scarcely any ever return.

You may hear from me soon after I reach Washington in relation to future operations in the West.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

