
CAMP ON GRAND RIVER, July 19, 1862.

General JAMES G. BLUNT, Commanding:

SIR: This morning our whole camp was thrown into confusion by the arrest of Colonel William Weer, commanding, and the retreat of all the white forces, leaving the three Indian regiments behind to fight the enemy's forces, amounting to from 3,000 to 10,000 men. It will leave all that portion of the nation through which our army has passed defenseless. The families of the men who have flocked to the Union standard will be ruthlessly murdered, it is feared,and justly, by the gangs of cut-throats which will infest the country. Our Government should stop this.

We beg of you in behalf of the Cherokee Nation, especially that portion of it, whites and Indians, who have for months slept in thickets and canes, to do something speedily to arrest the desolation that will follow the shameful retreat of our army while in sight, already demoralized by fear and Union feeling.

The arrest of the colonel commanding is here considered a mutiny. It was done in a manner as insulting as its effects will prove damning to the Union people of the country. Besides, there are many families of white missionaries already threatened with punishment, who, because they expressed joy at our arrival, may be murdered. These honest people, who believe in the United States Government and flag, care more at present for life and virtue than the making of brigadiers. They ought to have, they deserve, protection, and we humbly pray that you will extend such help as speedily as possible.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. CARRUTH,

United States Indian Agent.

H. W. MARTIN,

Special Indian Agent.

SIX-MILE HOUSE, July 19, 1862.

THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Pursuant to your instructions of the 18th instant to me I came to this place a little after dark. I placed a strong guard around the premises. Nothing of any importance took place during the night. I have just returned from the Wyandotte. I find everything there at the top of excitement; in fact it is beyond description. There are about 300 engaged in this affair. (See inclosed proceedings of meetings, &amp;c.)* They intended to raze the buildings even with the ground to-day, but I saw several of the leaders (Wyandottes),and informed them that my orders were to protect the property, and should do so. They have a meeting to-day at 1 o'clock,and I am invited to be present. I will attend and use my influence to disperse them. My force is entirely inadequate for the occasion. The major is badly scared,and in fact everything seems to be running wild. Should I not return during the night you may expect I will have some warm work. It seems to be the opinion of every one here that the Six-Mile House is a rendezvous of a den of thieves. A provost guard should be stationed at Wyandotte by all means.

Very truly, &c.,

J. W. VAN MYERS,

Lieutenant, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

