
ways, and that the stretch of country lying between there and Grand River was a great rendezvous for them, I proceeded there with 50 men on the 15th inst., having first ordered Captain Reeder from Quincy with a detachment of his command, thus driving them both ways. We succeeded in taking 4. I proceeded that same night to Grand river, hoping to meet Quantrill's gang,which, from reports received from Clinton, ware supposed to be in that region. The force returned to this post on the 13th instant, Quantrill's band, as is known, having passed up the country. The sentiment of this place, with two or three individual exceptions, is intensely secesh; the same is true of perhaps a majority of the residents of the adjacent country, though all, almost without exception, have taken the oath and many are under heavy bonds. In short, I am convinced that, despite their cloak of loyalty, it only would require a temporary reverse to our troops and the presence of a rebel force to induce their men, and include some women, to take up arms and fight us again. I have given them to understand that freedom of speech does not admit of talking treason against the Government that grants it, and I am determined that the first man who dares to utter one word in favor of the rebellion or against the Government whose protection he enjoys shall be instantly arrested, closely confined, and held for trial before the proper authorities. Union men are greatly exasperated by the fact, recently revealed in the fight with Quantrill's band, that rebel guerrillas and murderers carried the pledged protection of the United States in their pockets, and they cite this as conclusive proof of what they have always known and believed to be the case.

This place has always been a notorious crossing place for rebels passing both north and south, particularly in time of high water. The same is true of the Sulphur Springs Ford, 10 or 12 miles above. Both fords at this post are kept constantly guarded,as well as the roads leading to and from them. Frequent scouts are sent above.

Judge Ballou, of this town, has returned with papers of protection form Osceola. I do not believe they knew him there. One of the most prominent men of the country, he was one of the most prominent and active in stirring up rebellion here at the outset; he was one of the framers of the notorious military bill and a member of Jackson's bogus legislature, doing all in his power against the Government and in favor of the rebel cause. I have the honor to apply for special instructions relative to his case.

At present there is no regular mail communication with this post, no postmaster having been appointed, and no letter mail has arrived here for the past two weeks; communications for Warsaw stop at Sedalia, and for the present must necessarily be directed there. In the absence of conflicting orders a bi-weekly express will be established between this post and Sedalia, starting from here on Mondays and Thursday.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. ENO,

Major, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, July 20, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: A few days ago, on request, the ordnance officer here, Captain McNutt, U. S. Army,furnished this office with a list of arms on hand for

