HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, July 12, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you sundry papers relative to the intercourse and alliance of the Cherokee Indians with the so-called Confederate States;also copies of correspondence between these headquarters and Colonel Weer, commanding Indian Expedition, and letter of John Ross to Colonel Weer of July the 8th.

I am led to believe, from reliable information, that a large majority of the Cherokees are loyal, and that whenever Ross and the other leading men of the nation are satisfied that we are able to hold the country they will co-operate with us. They have evidently formed the alliance with the Southern Confederacy as a matter of necessity and self-preservation. They were cut off and could have no communication with the Government or its agents, yet they held out until October, hoping that they would get relief from our army. Since our armed forces have occupied their territory many who were in the rebel army have deserted in large numbers and desire to enter the Federal service. Among 300 that were mustered into the Second Indian Regiment a few days since about one-half were in Drew's regiment at the battle of Pea Ridge. They declare that the killing of the white rebels by the Indians in that fight was determined upon before they went into the battle. How well they carried out their plan you have seen by the reports of that battle. The verbal reports from Ross, by Indian scouts whom I sent to communicate with him, are much more favorable than his letter to Colonel Weer. He is evidently very cautions in committing himself on paper until he is assured of our ability to hold that country. I am pleased to inform you that the Indian regiments mustered into the United States service have more than met my expectations as efficient soldiers.

I have given some responsible parties authority to open up a commerce with the loyal Indians, as they are much in need of a market for their stock and of various kinds of merchandise.

I have the honor to be,most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Park Hill, Cherokee Nation, July 8, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

United States Army, Commanding:

COLONEL: Your communication of yesterday, dated from Headquarters Indian Expedition, Camp on Wolf Creek, under a flag of truce, per Dr. Gillpatrick, has been duly received, and in reply I have to state that a treaty of alliance, under the sanction and authority of the whole Cherokee people, was entered into on the 7th day of October, 1862, between the Confederate States and the Cherokee Nation, and published before the world, and you cannot but be too well informed on the subject to make it necessary for me to recapitulate the reasons and circumstances under which it was done. Thus the destiny of this people became identified with that of the Southern Confederacy.

There is no nation of Indians, I venture to say, that has ever been

