
by Confederate agents and by false representations induced to join the rebel cause will gladly return to their allegiance to the Federal Government.

You should take prompt measures to protect the stock and other property of the loyal Indians from all depredators and be vigilant that no excesses are committed by our own soldiers; thereby a feeling of confidence and security may obtain them while under the protection of the Federal Army.

I desire also that you should take measures to ascertain with as much accuracy as possible the strength, position,and intentions of the rebel forces in Texas and Western Arkansas, and communicate the same to these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, Kans., July 19, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER, Commanding Indian Expedition:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of July 12, inclosing letter of John Ross, Chief of Cherokees, also the documents relative to the intercourse and alliance of the nation with the so-called Southern Confederacy, was received this morning. Upon July 12 I sent you a letter of instructions relative to the policy to be pursued with the Indian tribes,and on the 14th instant a dispatch* relative to your future movements, duplicates of which are herewith inclosed. You will endeavor to hold all the ground that you have obtained occupancy of, at the same time using every vigilance that your communication with Fort Scott is not cut off, as it is presumed that Hindman, with a large rebel force,is between the Arkansas and White Rivers, and I have reliable information that General Curtis has withdrawn to Helena, on the Mississippi. Hence you will see that your situation is rather critical with the small force under your command.

In order to maintain your position, if necessity requires it you will accept the services of all persons, without reference to color, who are willing to fight for the American flag and the maintenance of the Federal Government. To such irregular force you will furnish rations, and provide them with such arms as you may take from the enemy or as can be procured in the country.

I desire to impress you that the enemy must be met and defeated. It is only in this way that the rebellion can be crushed and the country saved. You will therefore avail yourself of all and every means to accomplish a successful result.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Kansas.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

Proclamation to the Cherokee people.

Owing to the momentous state of affairs pending among the people of the several States, I, John Ross, Principal Chief, hereby issue this

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

