
allied with their white brethren of the United States in war and friends in peace. Their institution,locality, and natural sympathies are unequivocally with the slave-holding States. And the contiguity of our territory to your State, in connection with the daily, social, and commercial intercourse between our respective citizens, forbids the idea that they should ever be otherwise than steadfast friends.

I am surprised to be informed by Your Excellency that "it is well established that the Indian country west of Arkansas is looked to by the incoming administration of Mr. Lincoln as fruitful fields ripe for the harvest of abolitionism, free-soilers,and Northern mountebanks." As I am sure that the laborers will be greatly disappointed if they shall expect in the Cherokee country "fruitful fields ripe for the harvest of abolitionism," &amp;c., you may rest assured that the Cherokee people will never tolerate the propagation of any such obnoxious fruit upon their soil.

And in conclusion I have the honor to reciprocate the salutations of friendship.

I am, sir, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JNO. ROSS,

Principal Chief Cherokee Nation.

[Inclosure No. 8.]
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Smith, May 15, 1861.

Hon. JOHN ROSS, Principal Chief Cherokee Nation:

SIR: Information has reached this post to the effect that Senator Lane, of Kansas, is now in that State raising troops to operate on the western borders of Missouri and Arkansas. As it is of the utmost importance that those intrusted with the defense of the western frontier of this State should understand the position of the Indian tribes through whose territory the enemy is likely to pass, I feel it to be my duty, as commanding officer at this post, and in that capacity representing the State of Arkansas and the Southern Confederacy,of which she is a member, respectfully to ask if it is your intention to adhere to the United States Government during the pending conflict or if you mean to support the Government of the Southern Confederacy; and also whether in your opinion the Cherokee people will resist or will aid the Southern troops in resisting any such attempt to invade the soil of Arkansas, or if, on the other hand, you think there is any probability of their aiding the United States forces in executing their hostile design?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,J. R. KANNADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fort Smith.

[Inclosure No. 9.]

PARK HILL, CHEROKEE NATION, May 17, 1861.

J. R. KANNADY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fort Smith, Ark.:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive from John B. Luce, esq., your communication of the 15th instant, apprising me that "information had reached Fort Smith to the effect that Senator Lane, of Kansas, is now in that State raising troops to operate on the western borders of Missouri and Arkansas." and also asking whether "it is your (my) intention to

