
Seminoles, Chickasaws,and Osages assurances of continued friendship and brotherly feeling.

Resolved, That we hereby disavow any wish or purpose to create or perpetuate any distinction between the citizens of our country as to the full and mixed blood, but regard each and all as our brothers, and entitled to equal rights and privileges, according to the constitution and laws, of the nation.

Resolved, That we proclaim an unwavering attachment to the constitution and laws of the Cherokee Nation, an solemnly pledge ourselves to defend and support the same, and as far as in us lies to secure to the citizens of this nation all the rights and privileges which they guarantee to them.

Resolved, That among the rights guaranteed by the constitution and laws we distinctly recognize that of property in negro slaves, and hereby publicly denounce as calumniators those who represents us as Abolitionists,and as a consequence hostile to the South, which is both the land of our birth and the land of our homes.

Resolved, That the great consideration with that nationality - and to defend our lives and integrity hereby pledge ourselves to mutually sustain our Cherokee people - should be a united and harmonious support and defense of their common rights and of our homes and soil, whenever the same shall be wantonly assailed by lawless marauders.

Resolved, That reposing full confidence in the constituted authorities of the Cherokee Nation we submit to their wisdom the management of all question which affect our interests growing out of the exigencies of the relations between the United and Confederate States of America, and which may render an alliance on our part with the latter States expedient and desirable.

And which resolutions, upon the question of their passage being put, were carried by acclamation.

Tahlequah, C. N., August 21, 1861.

JOSEPH VANN,

President.

W. P. ROSS, Secretary.

[Inclosure No. 17.]

Message of the Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation.

The the National Committee and Council in National Council convened:

FRIENDS AND FELLOW-CITIZENS: Since the last meeting of the National Council events have occurred that will occupy a prominent place in the history of the world. The United States have been dissolved and two governments now exists. Twelve of the States composing the late Union have erected themselves into a government under the style of the Confederate States of America, and,as you know, are now engaged in a war for their independence. The contest thus far has been attended with success almost uninterrupted on their side and marked by brilliant victories. Of its final result there seems to be no ground for a reasonable doubt. The unanimity and devotion of the people of the Confederate States must sooner or later secure their success over all opposition and result in the establishment of their independence and a recognition of it by the other nations of the earth.

At the beginning of the conflict I felt that the interests of the Cherokee people would be best maintained by remaining quiet and not involving themselves in it prematurely. Our relations had long existed with the

