
to crush the guerrillas, who are now daily increasing. I will call on Colonel Callender for all the shot-guns, rifles, and muskets not required for other services. Please inform me if you approve.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION,Springfield, July 23, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District of Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: The movements of the enemy in the southeast, of which I telegraphed you, are confirmed by more recent reports. I learn also that he has evacuated Fort Smith, Ark., and moved east. The force in this division has been changed by moving the Twenty-sixth Indiana, Tenth Illinois, and Murphy's battery to this post. The present position of my command is as follows:

Hartville.-First Battalion First Missouri Cavalry; two companies Sixth Missouri Cavalry; 175 men Third Missouri Cavalry.

Marshfield.-One company Fourth Missouri State Militia.

Lebanon.-Three companies Third Iowa.

Springfield.-Eight companies Tenth Illinois Cavalry; two companies Sixth Missouri Cavalry; Thirty-seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteers, 560 men; Twenty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, 880 men,armed with muskets; detachment First Arkansas, 300 men; one company Second Wisconsin (Body Guard); Murphy's battery, six guns, First Missouri State Militia; three companies Second Wisconsin Cavalry; Davidson's battery, three guns.

Newtonia.-Third Missouri State Militia, except detachment.

Neosho.-One company Missouri State Militia.

Mount Vernon.-One company.

Ozark.-Fourteenth Missouri State Militia.

The last is armed partly with muskets, having exchanged them for Russia rifles or some other arm. A train is now on the way in with the lead captured at Granby (1, 182 pigs).

I suppose the enemy will make demonstrations on Cassville as soon as they learn I have reduced the forces. I am in hopes by that time our eastern lines will be protected, and then we can hold him at bay.

The publication of the Baron Munchausen stories of newspaper reporters, stating that General Curtis' army is starving and that Price is crossing his army in skiffs, and all that kind of nonsense, keeps the secesh in a boil of excitement. At first I would not allow it to be printed here, but the next day the Saint Louis papers were scattered over the country with the news, and in all parts of it they began to show the evil that was in them-drilling and arming. We know they expect to get to heaven through Price, and that kind of staff that the papers print does a real injury in Southwest Missouri.

Captain Morris' company, in Colonel McClurg's regiment, was recruited largely in Wright and Douglas Counties. They would be very serviceable in that section at this time. It is filled with guerrillas and thieves.

It affords me much pleasure to report an improvement in the state of affairs in the country. All good citizens are using their influence to restore peace and security. Our troops have behaved well. The school

