
of instructions at Camp Schofield is producing good results. The Fourteenth Missouri State Militia is becoming quite soldierly. I have not been able to get their horse account in shape. Several have trotters in the regiment. The military commission has settled down into a perpetual court. It is desirable that the cases from this body be sent to headquarter; should be reviewed and published. The ordnance, quartermaster, and commissary departments are organized and in effective condition. The health of the troops is excellent.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, July 23, 1862.

Colonel R. HUNDHAUSEN, Pacific City, Mo.:

It is presumed that orders published this morning will create a stampede od secesh. You will instruct your guards along the line of the road to be vigilant and arrest all strays who cannot give satisfactory accounts of themselves, especially when found in squads. Will write by mail.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

(Copy sent to Lieutenant-Colonel Krekel, Saint Charles, Mo.)

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 24, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Helena, Ark.:

The enemy in large force is concentrating on the southern border of Missouri, and will unquestionably move into it very soon, unless you move into the interior of Arkansas. You are aware, general, that I have no force sufficient to drive them back without your assistance Let me ask you to act as quickly as possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Numbers 20. Saint Louis, Mo., July 24, 1862.

Al persons in the employ of the United States, Sate, or city governments will be enrolled and organized by the chiefs of their respective departments, and will act under the orders of their respective chiefs.

All railroad and transportation companies, and other corporations employing large numbers of men, will organize their employes into distinct corps, under their respective chiefs. The chiefs of such companies, corporations, and departments of government not now in the military service of the State or of the United States will report to an authorized enrolling officer, and be themselves sworn into service when they will proceed to enroll and organize the men under their control.

All voluntary organizations of the loyal militia which may be perfected before the expiration of the time specified for enrollment in General Orders, Numbers 19, and present their muster rolls to the superintendents,

