
I then thought the force to be employed among the Indians should be almost exclusively mounted. My opinion is now precisely the reverse. Another modification of our policy ought to be made. The superintendencies, agencies, &amp;c., should be abolished, and a purely military establishment substituted. Infinite disorder, swindling, and rascality would thus be stopped. With such a man as Brigadier General P. R. Cleburne in command of the Indian Territory and this system adopted an immensely beneficial change would soon be wrought and it would be permanent.

Respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 6, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

Read and returned to Secretary of War.

There is great manifestation of zeal and energy, and, so far as I can judge, the dispositions were well made. The want of a competent engineer is to be regretted, and one should be supplied as soon as practicable. The remarks about undisciplined cavalry agree entirely with the conclusions I reached many years since, and by reference to the orders under which many of those troops were raised it will be seen that it was not intended they should serve on horseback.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

APRIL 11, 1862.-Skirmish near Shiloh, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General James Totten.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Moss, First Iowa Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General James Totten.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of an expedition and subsequent skirmishes under Lieutenant Colonel C. E. Moss, First Iowa Cavalry, for the information of the major-general commanding:

Having heard that a rebel camp, some 200 strong, under one Captain Feaster, existed in the vicinity of Shiloh, a place some 15 or 20 miles northeast of Osceola, Lieutenant Colonel C. E. Moss, with a detachment of the

