
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 25, 1862.

General BROWN, Springfield:

Colonel Glover, in command of the Rolla Division, has about 200 infantry, two pieces of artillery, and two companies of cavalry at Houston; six companies of cavalry at and near Waynesville, and a considerable force at Rolla. From reports received from Lebanon a few days ago I sent two companies of cavalry to that place from Rolla. As you hold Huntsville, those companies might with safety be sent back. Of this you may judge. If you will continue to hold Huntsville, and stand ready to re-enforce that place whenever necessary, I think we will be in position to meet the enemy should he advance on Rolla or Lebanon. I want to ge the local militia in condition to protect themselves against guerrillas, so that you can use your entire force against Price or Hindman.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, July 25, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Houston must be the point McBride is aiming at. I had ordered the commander at Hartville to ascertain if there was a force at Houston and open communication and co-operate with it; part of the force at Hartville is the companies sent by Colonel Glover to Lebanon. The exposed condition of Cassville makes it necessary to retain a reserve here of cavalry to move in either direction.

This reserve is quite small. The equipments and arms for the Fourteenth Missouri State Militia and First Battalion First Arkansas and equipments for Sixth Missouri arrived to-day. The horses for First Arkansas and Fourteenth Missouri State Militia left Rolla Wednesday.

The Second Battalion First Arkansas Cavalry is about full and recruits are coming in rapidly. Can the Sixth Missouri add by recruiting two companies and make it a twelve company regiment? Forty-six wagon loads of lead left Newtonia yesterday for this post.

The musket that have been gathered here are only partly supplied with equipments, requiring 700 cartridge boxes, belts, and bayonets and scabbards. They should be sent, but I cannot forward requisitions as Colonel Callender requires. They are needed to arm the militia. Can this be arranged?

Refugees report the rebel forces on the Arkansas have all moved from Little Rock toward Helena. Rains is reported to have crossed Boston Mountains and moving to join Hindman.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 25, 1862.

Colonel GLOVER:

I ordered the detachment Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry you sent to Lebanon to move to Hartville and have added 500 cavalry and one section artillery to the force. The commander at Hartville is ordered to open communication with Houston and co-operate with your command at that post.

Please give similar instructions.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

