
SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, July 25, 1862.

Major JOHN Y. CLOPPER:

Shaffer is at Columbia with everything except B and D companies; B at Fayette and D at Glasgow. Shaffer is probably out with his whole available force in the Perche Hills or in Blackfoot.

Communicate with him if possible. Catch Porter and whip him again if you can. Don't spare horseflesh. I had rather remount the whole regiment than fail in cleaning out this gang. If necessary seize horses as you go through the country, telling the people that they will have them returned as soon as can be. Use the company of infantry at Sturgeon to the best advantage you can. Scatter Porter or exterminate him at all hazards, and call in all loyal citizens to aid you, if necessary. Schofield is very much pleased so far. Tell the men that I am proud of them.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

(Sent to Sturgeon, Mo.)

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, July 25, 1862.

Major JOHN Y. CLOPPER, Sturgeon:

Effect a junction with Shaffer and attack them before they unite. Do not delay too much in the matter. Pay more attention to your advance guard; make them more watchful, and keep them better in hand, so that they do not dash in on the moment unsupported. If you find enemy in bush or thick timber dismount and fight him on foot. Artillery would only cause enemy to scatter. I want them exterminated. Do not let your movement be too much delayed. If enemy wants Renick let them have it. Don't put too much faith in stories of conductors or scared runaways. Your object should be to attack enemy before he effects a junction.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Camp Wattles, on Horse Creek, July 25, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

SIR: I am authorized by the council of the commanders of the three Indian regiments, the First commanded by Colonel Furnas, Second by Lieutenant-Colonel Corwin, and the Third by Colonel Phillips, to make to you direct a detailed report of their condition and movements since the retrograde of the while portion of the command composing the Indian Expedition.

On the night of the 19th July Colonel Weer, then in command of the expedition, was arrested by an order of Colonel Salomon, who then assumed command, as will be seen by copies of pronunciamento and Orders, Numbers 1, herewith accompanying, and marked respectively A and B.* The pronunciamento and order were not received by any of the commanders of the Indian regiments until July 22.

---------------

*See pp. 475, 476.

---------------

