
There are in the arsenal about 29,000 altered smooth-bore muskets not needed for general issue. I respectfully request that Colonel Callender be authorized to issue these arms and such others captured in Missouri as may be fit for service and the necessary ammunition upon my orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, July 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Scouts confirm the report of the enemy's force in the southeast,and that it is being rapidly increased. I shall move east with all the available force I have; it will leave this post with a small guard. Are there troops moving toward the southeast?

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, July 26, 1862.

Major JOHN Y. CLOPPER, Sturgeon, Mo.:

Try and attack in concert with Caldwell and Shaffer. Have ordered Caldwell to co-operate. Do your best. Rally the loyal men around you and organize them, if possible.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I consider it absolutely necessary that at least four regiments of infantry be sent me at once. A large force is entering Missouri from Arkansas and a general rising all over the State is in progress.*

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, July 27, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I desire respectfully to represent to the major-general commanding that the condition of affairs in Missouri and the northern part of Arkansas is such as to render an increase of the infantry force under my command absolutely necessary.

In spite of my best efforts Poindexter, Cobb, and Porter have succeeded in collecting in the northern part of the State a force amounting to 1,000 or more, and rapidly increasing. They are mostly returned soldiers from Price's army,and fight with great desperation.

We have had within a few days no less than four severe fights with

---------------

*Answer, if any, not found.

---------------

