
them, in which their losses and ours have been large, and notwithstanding they have been repeatedly beaten, their numbers seem to increase faster than we can kill them.

The long absence of General Curtis from the northern part of Arkansas has given the new levies time to organize and concentrate.

From the best information I can get there is now a force approaching Rolla from the vicinity of Salem, Ark., much larger than I can meet with success without concentrating a large portion of my force at that point, and thus leaving Central and Northern Missouri in possession of the guerrillas.

Even were General Curtis now to take Little Rock I am satisfied it would only partially relieve Missouri from this danger.

That Price is determined to return to Missouri if possible, and that a general rising among his adherents on his approach is concerted, I believe there is no room for doubt. He will, in my opinion, attempt this regardless of the movements of Curtis. He gets his supplies from the country wherever he may be, and he will endeavor to raise an army in the midst of the country occupied by our troops.

This can only be prevented by giving me force enough to prevent his entering Missouri with the troops now accumulated south of Rolla without abandoning any considerable portion of the State.

Understanding from the papers that General Halleck is not now in Washington I have to-day telegraphed the Secretary of War, informing him that I need at least four regiments of infantry at once. This additional force is absolutely necessary now, and I apprehend that a much larger one will be needed soon.

I hope the commanding general will give this matter his attention at the earliest possible moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 27, 1862.

Honorable ED. BATES, Attorney-General,

Or, in his absence, President LINCOLN:

Rebel forces are approaching this State from Arkansas. If they enter far we will have a general rising. General Schofield is urgently in need of four regiments of infantry.

H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri.

SAINT LOUIS, July 27, 1862.

Colonel GLOVER:

General Brown has information that the rebels are approaching in considerable force toward Houston or Hartville; he has sent a small force to Hartville, and will probably be there himself to-morrow with about 2,000 men, and will open communication with Houston. Inform Colonel Sigel and the commanding officer at Houston, and caution them to be on their guard; also caution the commanding officer at Houston to send scouts and spies east and southeast

to ascertain if there is any movement of the enemy in that direction.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

