
SPRINGFIELD, July 27, 1862-6 a.m.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

My command is moving to Hartville. The force will be, when united, about 2,000 men, equal parts infantry and cavalry, four pieces of artillery, and six mounted howitzers. I also take 300 muskets and accouterments to arm the militia that may be organized. I will send frequent expresses and keep you advised of the force and movements of the enemy.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Numbers 22. Saint Louis, July 27, 1862.

It being manifest that the object of the enrollment of the Missouri Militia prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 19, July 22, 1862, has been misrepresented by the enemies of law and order, and consequently is generally misunderstood, it is hereby declared that the object of such organization is solely to organize law-abiding people of the State capable of bearing arms in such complete and thorough manner as to enable them at once and forever to put down robbery, plunder, and guerrilla warfare, which it is plainly the duty and interest of every citizen to aid in doing.

To the end that this object may be accomplished, and all possible ground for misapprehension be removed, the mode of enrollment will hereafter be as follows:

The militia-men of the various counties will assemble at the nearest military post, the county seat, or other convenient place, and organize themselves into companies and elect their officers. As soon as a company shall be organized a copy of the roll and a return of the election, duly certified, will be sent to the headquarters of the division in which the county is situated. At the same time a report of the arms and ammunition on hand will be furnished to the commanding officer of the division.

A copy of the certificate of election will be forwarded by the division commanders to these headquarters, in order that the officers may be commissioned and thus duly authorized to act when any emergency shall render their services necessary.

The time for enrollment, as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 19, is extended to the 10th of August proximo, in order that ample time may be given in which to complete the voluntary organization of all citizens who are willing to do their duty in maintaining law and order.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Palmyra, July 28, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: There is a general uprising of the rebels all over this part of the State. A sudden blow must be made. I am perplexed for the want of force. The militia of the new levy is not yet enrolled. I have used nearly every man of my regiment in the service, and have as many prisoners almost as I have men at this post. I will send part of my prisoners to Saint Louis, in order to reduce the guard required

