
here. I shall take the field with what force I can raise to-night. Can you send me a regiment of effective men? Nothing less will now reduce the counties to subjection.

JOHN McNEIL,

Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General LOAN, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

Colonel McNeil reports a general rising among the rebels in the northeastern part of the State. His force is not sufficient to put it down. Can you not help him by making use of the new militia in your division? Do so if possible, and act quickly. Answer.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, July 28, 1862.

Colonel J. M. GLOVER,

Commanding, Rolla, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have ordered General Brown to send back the companies sent from Rolla to re-enforce Lebanon and to escort the paymaster, which will, I hope, give you force enough to secure you against present danger at least.

General Brown has moved east as far as Hartville, in Wright County, with about 2,000 men,and will open communication with the troops at Houston.

I think it probable that an advance by the rebels toward Rolla or Lebanon will be made soon. I do not expect in that event to hold Houston or any other point so far advanced; but it is important to hold an advanced position as long as it can be done with safety, as a means of watching the movements of the enemy and gaining information of any advance that may be made in time to enable me to concentrate a force for the defense of Rolla. For this purpose the force at Houston should have sufficient strength to prevent being driven in by anything less than a general advance of the enemy. What is most important is to have at Houston an active force under a vigilant officer, who can be relied upon to gain exact information of the enemy's movements, maintain his position as long as it is prudent to do so, avoid being surprised and cut, off, and retire when it should become necessary.

I do not hope to be able at present to protect the southern part of Missouri from guerrilla raids. The most we can do until General Curtis gets back into Arkansas will be to guard against an advance of the enemy in force and prevent, if possible, a general uprising in the central and northern parts of the State.

Having these objects in view, you may regulate the distribution of troops in your division according to your own judgment.

Two or three companies of cavalry, under the right kind of an officer, might be sufficient at Houston. It will not do to leave infantry and artillery there without cavalry, but under the present circumstances it may be advisable to withdraw the infantry and artillery, leaving a strong, active cavalry force to scout the country as far south as possible.

