
The field and staff officers of a regiment will also be three of each grade, having corresponding positions in command of the three classes.

When companies are organized into regiments 10 per cent. of each company fund will be paid into the regimental fund for the payment of expenses incidental to a regimental organization.

The senior quartermaster of the regiment will be regimental treasurer, and will disburse the regimental fund only on the orders of the commanding officer of the regiment.

Each company will be furnished with arms only sufficient to arm the first class, and the company will provide itself with a suitable armory and place for drill, where it will be drilled daily, at least three hours, at such times of day as may be most convenient. At the end of the month the arms and drill-room will be transferred to the second class, now become the first, who will in like manner drill daily at stated hours, and be at all times ready for active service during the month.

Arms and equipments will not be taken from the armory except for service. When the men are off duty the arms and equipments will be carefully stored away in the armory, which will at all times be suitably guarded.

Military treasures of the State and counties will be appointed by the Governor.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 29, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Helena, Ark.:

The naval officers report to me that they cannot convoy your vessels up either the White or Arkansas rivers. If so, you must move by land quickly and rapidly, so as to check the enemy's movements in Southern Missouri. Answer by telegraph.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Helena, Ark., July 29, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

GENERAL: I am delayed for want of gunboats and transports, but hope soon to be ready, with or without such aid, to move on Little Rock. I have sent out expeditions on both sides of the Mississippi, chasing Jeff. Thompson beyond Coldwater and burning bridge over that stream.

Captured rebel mails having letters from Tupelo of 10th, Little Rock of the 19th, and General Pike's headquarters of the 5th. Reports and letters from General Hindman and General Pike and officers from Tupelo are taken. General Pike sends resignation. His letters are gloomy; thinks Coffee will have to retire beyond Verdigris, and thinks the Indians very doubtful. General Hindman reports thirty Arkansas regiments poorly armed; also Texas and Louisiana troops. These forces are not yet concentrated. He complaints of a delay in getting arms, and seems very much dissatisfied with the delay. The officers writing from Tupelo boast of their success at Richmond. Say they

