
Twenty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, under Captain A. D. Rose, 50 strong; detachments of Companies D and K, Fist Iowa Cavalry, under Lieuts. J. D. Jenks and T. H. Barnes, 80 strong, in all numbering 130 men, proceeded toward that camp to destroy it. After marching down the Osage River some 7 miles Lieutenant-Colonel Moss ordered the infantry under Captain Rose to march across the hills for 6 miles to a point which it required the cavalry some 12 or 18 miles to reach. About the time the command divided a cold rain and storm set in and continued during the day, which caused the marauders against whom the excursion was intended to seek shelter in the more substantial dwellings around their camp. Captain Feaster and 30 rebels were found at one of these houses and attacked by Lieutenants Jenks and Barnes with 16 men, the main body placing themselves in a position to cut off their retreat to camp. In the skirmish which ensued 6 of the marauders were killed, 4 wounded (1 mortally), 7 taken prisoners, as also 7 horses, 4 mules, 1 yoke of oxen, and 6 guns captured, which latter being entirely worthless they destroyed. Our loss was none. None of the outlaws were found where their camp had been, owing to the severity of the weather.

After the above skirmish Lieutenant Barnes, with Company K, First Iowa Cavalry, was dispatched to order the infantry previously sent in another direction to return to camp, where they afterward arrived, after having encountered squads of armed rebels, of whom they killed 1, captured 1, and wounded 3.

This march was very fatiguing, and the officers and men are worthy of credit for the endurance, alacrity, and bravery exhibited.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Moss, First Iowa Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS POST OF OSCEOLA, April 12, 1862.

GENERAL: Yesterday morning at 6 o'clock I left this place with a detachment of the Twenty-sixth Indiana Infantry, 50 strong, under Captain Rose; a detachment of Company D, First Iowa Cavalry, Lieutenant Jenks, 40 strong, and a detachment of Company K, Lieutenant Barnes, 40 strong, to proceed to break up a camp at a place called Shiloh, said to be commanded by a Captain Feaster, and 200 strong. I proceeded some 7 miles down the Osage River, and then sent Captain Rose and his infantry across the hills some 6 miles to a point that required 12 or 18 miles on our part to reach. I then, with the cavalry, proceeded immediately and promptly to Shiloh camp. A cold, soaking rain and storm set in immediately upon the infantry leaving, which continued without any interruption during the whole day, and which dispersed to houses the men we expected to find at camp. When we arrived at about 2 miles from the supposed place of encampment stragglers were seen making toward camp.

We finally came upon Captain Feaster himself and 30 men at a house.

