
orders from the militia headquarters did not lessen the excitement among secession sympathizers, and that element is now thoroughly awake and actively concentrating, and will very soon cease defending themselves and commence attacks upon our numerous weak posts. Already I have appeals from several points, more or less urgent, and herewith inclose some of them. Colonel D. Huston has repeatedly represented his exposed position and absolute inability to operate successfully against guerrillas with his present force, and now asks for a section of artillery, which I am, as you are aware, unable to send him. Brunswick and Columbia, from the north side of the river, have sent to him for re-enforcements, which it is utterly impossible to provide, and my own condition is not an entirely safe position. The rebels element in the State will now make a determined and desperate effort for the mastery in Missouri, and unless we prepare at once to meet them we must lose the State.

The loyal people have rallied, however, and are waiting for authority and permission to wipe out rebellion. In many cases they have been driven from homes, their scattered condition making it impossible for them to protect themselves or each other there against marauders and robbers at night, and in that situation they only invite attacks in detail. They (the Union element) naturally feel weak unless fostered by the authorities, and if they are cared for I am convinced they will do well, but they must not be left without security and certain protection. They have been called upon to rally "to exterminate guerrillas," and they now justly demand the privilege of doing it, and they should be permitted to do so. There should be no inquiring behind the curtain. Being sincere I have no doubt they will deal justly. They should be at once armed and equipped and placed in active service, and be made to feel that the Government is interested in their success. If in a short time they shall have cleaned the State and their services are not needed they can be very easily mustered out, but now they should be placed in the field in overwhelming numbers and the enemy and all traitors wiped out without mercy. In my division I have offered me about fifty companies already, who are anxious to do active service, earnestly Union, and desire to do what is strictly just, while the volunteer regiments, battalions, and companies recruited rapidly under the influence of the first order, a great many enlisting when they were sure of pay and because they could not remain at home.

If authority cannot be had for receiving these companies into the United States service some arrangement should at once be made to provide for them by the State. It is utterly impossible to expect men to leave their homes and take up arms in the service of the country with no provision for food and other necessaries. I hope, therefore, that this will be lad before the proper authorities and the necessities of the case appreciated and provided for.

In conclusion I repeat again, in order that I may not be misunderstood, that the services of the Union men are necessary to-day, and from appearance will before long be vitally necessary, in order that the integrity of the State to the Union may certainly be preserved. I urge that they may be armed, subsisted, and equipped, and their I patriotism thus fostered and their services secured to the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

