
50,000. They were in pretty good health; one brigade had mutinied and stacked their arms, but another brigade forced them to remain rebels.

You will see that trouble increases on this river below. I hope General Grant will come to Memphis and operate his column, as I will mine, from this river. I expect transports very soon, and shall use them in opening White River and supporting my land forces in a move toward Little Rock.

The health of my troops is good. I have given free papers to negroes who were mustered by their rebel masters to blockade my way to my supplies. These negro prisoners were the most efficient foes I had to encounter; they are now throwing down their axes and rushing in for free papers. It is creating a general stampede in this region of cotton and contempt for Yankees. The slaves are mutinous, but do not abuse their masters. Society is terribly mutilated, and masters and slaves are afraid of famine.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, July 31, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

I advised you from Hartville on the 29th of my arrival at that post with my command on the evening of the 28th. Finding that the enemy were in full retreat and too far off to be reached without exposing my command too much I returned to this post to-day. The infantry and one section of artillery are on the march here. I left at Hartville about 800 cavalry and one section of artillery, under the command of Colonel Wright, to hold the country until the militia can be organized. Before leaving camp this morning an express from Hartville advised me of the return of one battalion Tenth Illinois Cavalry and about 100 men of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart, of the Tenth, from a successful scout in Douglas County. The command killed 10 and took 4 prisoners from Coleman's command. McBride was 15 miles south of Spring River when last heard from and on the retreat toward Arkansas. The enrollment is going forward rapidly. In Webster County two companies have been mustered and armed; they are both after the guerrillas in the Gasconade Hills. In Wright County the organization will begin to-morrow and in Douglas on Monday. There is a strong feeling in favor of the restoration of peace, and the numbers enrolling themselves are very large. Five full companies marched into the post to-day and are being enrolled.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 1, 1862-10 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

It is ascertained beyond doubt that arms and ammunition are being shipped from Illinois to Northeast Missouri. No one appears to have authority to prevent this above Alton. It would conduce to public

