
the troops west at this post. Information received from citizens of Arkansas represent a movement of a large force of the enemy intending to enter Missouri in the vicinity of Forsyth. The crossing of White River in Stone County by so large a body of the enemy confirms this report.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION NORTHWEST MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, Mo., August 1, 1862.

General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I wrote you on yesterday that everything was apparently quiet. This morning Colonel McNeil telegraphed me to throw a column of from 300 to 500 men into Adair and Schuyler Counties to intercept Porter, who crossed the railroad at Hunnewell last evening, Colonel McNeil in pursuit. The command at Laclede was called south to save Brunswick. Colonel McFerran, telegraphed that Carrollton had been taken by Poindexter, who had just entered the county with a force 1,200 to 1,500 strong. Colonel Penick's express arrived at the same time with information of the dangerous condition of the commands at Liberty and Richmond; that the rebels were crossing from the south side of the river; that they had fired on a steamboat below Richfield, and compelled her to cross over some of their men (only a small number) to the north side of the river. These would seem to be enough for one day, but under the exemption clause of Orders, Numbers 23, I found the militia unmanageable.

I promptly issued an order requiring every able-bodied man in the city to report himself in an organized company, ready for duty,by 10 a.m. to-morrow morning, under penalty of being treated as an enemy. This order will give me a sufficient force here. The regular militia here I propose to send to Colonel McFerran with about 300 of the Enrolled Militia (selected men) from Andrew. Major Drumhiller, at Platte, has been ordered to join Colonel Penick at Liberty. Colonel Penick has been ordered to march to Richmond as soon as he is joined by Major Drumhiller. Colonels McFerran and Penick will form a junction in Carroll and drive the marauders from the country. I can draw a sufficient force from above to hold this part of the country.

However salutary the operation of Order,s Numbers 23, may prove in other parts of the State its effects here have been most injurious. Will you please suspend its operation in this division if it is not thought best to rescind it?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 2, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have urged upon General Curtis the importance of moving as promptly as possible, in order to produce a diversion in your favor. Kentucky and Tennessee are equally clamorous for more troops, but

