
we have none to give. The provost-marshal of Missouri has authority to seize arms and ammunition intended for shipment to rebels on both sides of the Mississippi River.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, August 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Three companies, 250 mounted men, organized and mustered into the militia in this county, are armed and just leaving, with about 50 U. S. cavalry, after Coffee; two companies at Marshfield and two at Hartville have been armed and are after the guerrillas. There has been about 700 enrolled at this post. They all want to fight. None desire to enter class Numbers 3. The enrollment is exciting must interest. I have only arms enough left for one more company. Citizens from line of Taney and Douglas Counties have been in, and say they will raise a battalion if it is wanted.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

There is no further reliable information of the number of the enemy moving north. I hear of about 1,000. Coffee passed Marionville, Lawrence County, last night; when last heard from he was at Nield [?], 12 miles north of that place, with about 500 men. He will probably appear in Dade County. I have ordered troops in pursuit of him.

I am publishing a circular calling upon the citizens to join with the troops in driving them out of the country.

The enrollment is going forward rapidly in all part of the district. I shall want 1,000 muskets immediately to arm the militia. There will be five companies partially armed here to-day. Is there any mode of designating the militia from the jayhawkers?

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, August 2, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. F. SHAFFER, Shelbina (if not there to follow by express):

Poindexter crossed North Missouri Railroad at 10 o'clock to-day.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 2, 1862.

General TOTTEN, Jefferson City:

The rebels under Poindexter are undoubtedly trying to cross the river somewhere between Jefferson City and Lexington. They are now not far from Glasgow. Do not let any boat pass up without sufficient

