
guard. If you can spare from your division a force to operate against the rebels north of the river a few days do it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Quapaw, August 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: Reliable information has been brought to this camp that Hindman's force, said to be 16,000 strong, with considerable artillery, has occupied Cassville. The Missouri Home Guards have evacuated Neosho, and the enemy reported to advance on that place. I am concentrating my command and preparing for a fight.

With hopes to be able to report good news soon, I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Colonel, Commanding Indian Expedition.

FORT SCOTT, August 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: On the 31st ultimo I reported to you, and in same made mention of my intention to proceed with some force to the vicinity of the Verdigris River, in the hope of recovering a large amount of stolen stock. I have now the honor to report that I left this post yesterday with about 100 men for the purpose above referred to, and proceeded as far as Turkey Creek, where we camped for the night. At about midnight a messenger came with papers from Major Henning, setting forth information, received after my departure, which induced me to return with my command to this post this morning.

Considerable trouble is anticipated in consequence of the Ohio Second Cavalry, now on their way here from the Indian Expedition. Report says they are disorganized and demoralized; these reports I consider worthy of credit, and, if correct, some considerable force should remain here. Again, what is regarded as reliable information leaves no doubt that large bodies of troops are forming in the county of Vernon and adjoining counties, and particularly in the vicinity of Horse Creek, and threatening a direct attack on the Union forces as well as this post. The latter is not as well founded, yet I deem it proper, if possible, to "nip the thing in the bud," by disposing of them or capturing them if possible. The excuse for these movement is reported to be on account of the enforcement of the order of Governor Gamble enrolling the militia of the State. This change in my calculations may make some days' difference in the time named for my return to Leavenworth, though I feel confident that five or six days will complete for the present my labors in Missouri; upon which I intend going immediately to Leavenworth. With Captain Conkey's command, which will join me at a point agreed upon to meet on Tuesday morning, my force

34 R R-VOL XIII

