
Lieutenant Jenks, with his advance guard of 10 men, accompanied by Lieutenant Barnes and 6 men, immediately attacked them, while the main body of cavalry feel in between them and the camp, rendering retreat on the part of the outlaws impossible except by cutting off Lieutenants Jenks and Barnes. We killed 6 men and wounded 4 (1 mortally), and captured 1 yoke of oxen, 4 mules, 7 horses, 7 men, and 6 guns and rifles. Most of the guns were worthless and we destroyed them. If the weather had been pleasant I doubt not but the whole guerrilla band would have been surprised in camp, but being stormy, they dispersed in small parties and occupied houses in the vicinity. Lieutenants Jenks and Barnes both deserve credit for coolness, determination, and gallantry. The men all behaved well, and deserve the good opinion of their commander. We had 2 men injured by fall of their horses, but none wounded or harmed by the enemy. Immediately upon the close of the skirmish I sent Lieutenant Barnes, with Company K, First Iowa Cavalry, to Talley's Bend after the infantry, with orders to return to camp this morning, and marched with Company D to camp, and arrived there at 5 o'clock p.m., the same having marched 50 miles over bad roads in a terrible storm. The men neither grumbled nor complained, although they did not dismount during the trip.

Captain Rose, with his command, accompanied by Lieutenant Barnes and Company K, First Iowa Cavalry, arrived in camp this morning. They ran upon several detachments of armed men, wounding 3, killing 1, and capturing 1. They had a very fatiguing march, and behaved with great patience and gallantry. I think that company equal to any in service.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. E. MOSS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN.

APRIL 14, 1862.-Skirmish at Montevallo, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Captain Lucien J. Barnes, Assistant Adjutant-General, Missouri State Militia.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles E. Moss, First Iowa Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Captain Lucien J. Barnes, Assistant Adjutant-General, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 24, 1862.

COLONEL: In the absence, per order, of the brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to report as follows:

On the morning of the 13th instant Lieutenant Colonel C. E. Moss, First Iowa Cavalry, with two companies of the First Iowa Cavalry, D and K, 100 Osceola for Montevallo, Vernon County, for the purpose of breaking up guerrillas, 300 strong, supposed to have collected at a point on Cedar and Horse Creeks 12 miles from Montevallo.

