
will be about 200. If we find them, as we think we will, we will no doubt realize what my men have long wished for, viz, a fight.

Trusting that my plan of operations may be satisfactory to you and that some good may grow out of the same, I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BARSTOW,

Colonel, Commanding Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

FORT SCOTT, August 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: Since reporting to you to-day by this mail I have received information which in my judgment justifies some changes in my command, and in view of the existing circumstances I have ordered Captain Moore (now probably at Coldwater Grove) to report immediately to Major Henning at this post. I now most respectfully suggest that your order Captain [J. D.] Dammon, with his command, to report also to Major Henning with all possible dispatch. My reasons for this are that later information from reliable sources confirm me in the belief that large forces are concentrating in the quarter named in my first communication of this date; that an attempt is soon to be made to capture this post; that if we fail in the proposed movement to-morrow Fort Scott will fall into the hands of the enemy. I may be mistaken, but I do not think so; therefore I urge the removal of Captain Dammon and his command to this post.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BARSTOW,

Colonel, Commanding Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION,

Springfield, August 2, 1862.

By the combined effort of the military authorities and all good citizens, without regard to their party or political associations, peace and security to person and property were being rapidly restored to this division, when by the entrance into the State of Coffee and his band all the good work of the past two months may be undone unless the people rise in a body to protect their homes and families.

The commanding general therefore calls on the citizens of Missouri to unite with the military to at once drive those bad men from the country. Form companies under the order of the Governor, bring such arms as you have, and report yourselves to the military commanders wherever you find them, and in a few days, with your assistance, we will drive the marauders from the State and against restore peace and quiet to our distracted borders. The Government will furnish you with ammunition. Arms taken from Coffee's men will be used to arm the militia as far as possible.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

