
SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 3, 1862.

Brigadier General TOTTEN, Jefferson City:

Is it possible for you to send more force after Porter? Colonel Guitar is here and will go up and take command of the force if you can raise it. You may call into active service as many of the Enrolled Militia as you need. Send the rest of Guitar's regiment, if possible. Answer soon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 3, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Coffee was in Greenfield last evening at 4 o'clock. A large number of the loyal citizens were there for the purpose of organizing as militia.

The messenger does not know what injury was done; they probably lost their arms and horses. Two companies from Polk are here. I shall arm them and send them back to-day to operate against Coffee. One company is armed from Christian County, and is ordered to move to Ozark this morning and co-operate with our troops.

It does not appear that there is a large force of the enemy in Northern Arkansas.

I have countermanded the order for the movement of troops from Newton County and have sent them back again. The main command from Cassville has gone into camp at West McCulloch's,30 miles from here, and I have ordered two battalions of cavalry to occupy Cassville.

A small detachment of cavalry goes to Buffalo, Dallas County, to-day to assist in the organization of the militia.

Expresses have been sent to every part of the district, advising our friends of Coffee's movements and asking the people to co-operate with the troops. Colonel Salomon, with the Kansas troops, has fallen back to Spring River, on a line with Neosho. A dispatch just received from him states that after moving south to Fort Gibson, and finding the enemy in strong force on the opposite side of the river, and as he says General Hindman is marching in strong force in his direction, and General Price crossed the Mississippi to invade Missouri, he has fallen back to protect Kansas and reopen communication with Fort Scott.

I have not received information that confirms Colonel Salomon's report of the movements of General Hindman. Everything I learn of a positive character is that General Hindman is concentrating his forces to meet General Curtis and that the movement into Missouri is to be made at the east. Orders from General Hindman to destroy all the subsistence north of Boston Mountains confirms this.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, August 3, 1862.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON,

Commanding Indian Expedition:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 29th of July was received at a late hour last evening. I was happy to learn that the condition of affairs in the Indian Territory was as favorable as your report indicates. I had

