
entertained fears, based upon rumors, that you were withdrawing all the force from the advanced position the command had previously occupied. This must not be done. The country as far south at least as Arkansas River must be held by our forces. A retrograde movement at this time would stampede all the families of loyal Indians who look to our army for protection. You will therefore send the Sixth and Tenth Kansas Regiments, with the other two sections of Allen's battery, to support the three Indian regiments now occupying the advance. You will communicate with General Brown, with whom I have had some correspondence, and who will co-operate with you. He will be able to protect your flank and prevent your communication being cut off in your rear by any demonstration made by Hindman's or any other rebel force from Arkansas or Southwest Missouri. Special Orders have been made on you to detail men and officers from the Second Ohio Cavalry and Sixth Kansas Cavalry to organize two batteries.

I desire you to use discretion in selecting good and efficient officers for these important positions, and in order to do so you will not confine yourself to the two regiments named, but take them from other regiments wherever they can be found.

The batteries will be at Fort Scott by the time the details can arrive there. You will see that the horses, especially those belonging to the cavalry commands, are well cared for, and that they are not rode, only as the public service requires, as I desire that they shall be recruited as much as possible by the 1st of September. The Third Indian Regiment, Colonel Phillips, will be recognized as a part of the regular force, with the organization, as to officers, &amp;c., that have been perfected.

A mustering officer will soon be ordered to muster them into service for three years or during the war. Their enlistments will date from the time they completed their organization. Dr. Gillpatrick, by whom this will be delivered to you, will confer with you, and is authorized to present to you my views in detail relative to the Indian Expedition.

Confiding to your activity and vigilance the results to be obtained by the troops under your command, I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, August 4, 1862.

Colonel GLOVER:

Abandon Houston and occupy Salem, as you suggest. It is reported that McBride is in the vicinity of Doniphan. Use the Enrolled Militia to scout the country and find out where and how strong he is.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 4, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Commanding District:

Your dispatch of 3rd just received. I cannot spare any more men from Jefferson City without endangering its safety. There is a large supply of Government and State property here, and the capital of the State is too important to leave insecure, and it will be so if additional troops are removed at this time. I now have full 300 men absent from

