
reason, I know not what, Colonel Glover's regiment of cavalry was withdrawn some time ago and sent to Rolla. While he remained the country was in the main quiet and secure. Since he left it is again overrun with bands of guerrillas, who rob and murder at will.

On Friday night they entered Canton, Mo., 20 miles above here, killed Mr. Carnegy, one of the leading citizens of the place, plundered the town of all the arms, ammunition, medicines it contained, and left, taking Jim Green with them, this being the place of his residence. It is said he was "captured." I am afraid he was not hard to take; I am afraid "Barkis was willing." His return from Washington to his home was coincident with the raid of the rebels into his town. This band numbered from 200 to 300.

About six o'clock yesterday afternoon Dr. Joe Hay, of La Grange, reached my house, asking for aid to protect the citizens of that place from robbery and murder. The rebels have possession of every other town in the county, and were reported as making on La Grange in two bands, variously estimated as numbering from 300 to 500 each.

We are without troops here, but by 2 o'clock this morning succeeded in raising, arming and embarking 160 men for the relief of the town.

Dr. Hay is a brother of Milton Hay, and is a cool, clear-headed, fearless, self-possessed man; no alarmist, sensationalist; what he says may be fully relied upon. He thinks Northern Missouri in as "bad a fix" as it has been at any time since the beginning of the rebellion. He also thinks, sub rosa, that it results from the inefficiency and bad management of Governor Gamble.

All that is necessary to be done is to order Glover's cavalry back to Northern Missouri and to place a small infantry force here at Quincy, to be used as exigencies demand. I have constantly urged this, and am sure it will save the Government much expense and prevent great destruction of life and property in Missouri.

Glover is the best man that can be sent there. All loyal men love and respect him; all traitors hate and fear him. His presence, if he is sustained as I have indicated, will restore peace and security.

God bless, strength, and sustain you.

Truly, your friend,

O. H. BROWNING.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Numbers 24. Saint Louis, August 4, 1862.

General Orders, Numbers 23, from these headquarters, dated July 28, 1862, is hereby revoked.

All the loyal men of Missouri subject to military duty will be organized into companies, regiments, and brigades, as ordered in General Orders, Numbers 19, from these headquarters, dated July 22, 1862.

All disloyal men and those who have at any time sympathized with the rebellion are required to report at the nearest military post or other enrolling station, be enrolled, surrender their arms, and return to their homes or ordinary places of business, where they will be permitted to remain so long as they shall continue quietly attending to their ordinary and legitimate business and in no way give aid or comfort to the enemy. Disloyal persons or sympathizers with the rebellion will not be organized into companies nor required nor permitted to do duty in the Missouri Militia.

