
Commanding officers of divisions will appoint enrolling officers and establish rendezvous at such places, in addition to the various military posts, as they may deem expedient.

As far as practicable, the militia of each county will be organized separately, each company being composed of men residing in the immediate vicinity of each other. The only exceptions will be the voluntary organizations authorized by General Orders, Numbers 20.

The officers and employes of all railroad and transportation companies will be organized into distinct corps, and will be employed as militia only in transporting troops and public property and in protecting their means of transportation.

Militia-men employed in any manner by the United States or State of Missouri, or engaged in working upon contracts made with the United States or State of Missouri, for the supply of any article required for the military or naval service, will not, while so employed, be required to do any military duty, except for the protection, in case of necessity, of the public property where they are employed.

Division commanders are authorized to call into active service, for the time being such companies and regiments of the organized militia in their divisions as the exigencies of the service may require, and to provide for their maintenance while in active service. But no company will be kept continuously in active service for more than thirty days, except by orders from these headquarters or in cases of urgent necessity. It must be borne in mind that the main object of a general organization of the militia is for the protection of their homes, and that they are to be kept from their ordinary business as little as possible.

In calling the militia into active service care will be taken to leave sufficient force to protect the home of those called out and to distribute the services as uniformly as possible.

Every company of militia will have its place of rendezvous, which should be at a military post, if one is convenient; if not, then at a convenient town or general place of resort.

The arms and equipments will be kept at the rendezvous, and always properly guarded by detail from the company.

In case of alarm companies will be rallied at the rendezvous, and act under their immediate commanders, as circumstances may require, for the protection of their immediate vicinity.

In dangerous localities several companies or a regiment will have their rendezvous at the same place, and will keep it guarded by a company or more, as circumstances may require.

On the 11th day of August instant each enrolling officer will proceed to ascertain and enroll the names of all men in his enrolling district who shall have failed to come forward and be enrolled as required, and report the same to the district commander.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 5, 1862-10.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The rebels are gaining strength in North Missouri. I do not believe I shall be able to prevent a general insurrection. Every rebel is taking up arms.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

