
SAINT LOUIS, August 5, 1862-2.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Troops cannot be raised in this State unless subsisted by the Commissary Department as soon as enlisted. Cannot authority be given the chief commissary here to order the issue of rations, the cost thereof to be refunded from the fund for collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers?* The Governor desires that this course may be pursued.

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 5, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform the major-general commanding that my efforts thus far to suppress the rebel rising in the northeastern part of Missouri have proved fruitless. Porter, Poindexter, and others had secretly organized a large force, which sprang to arms almost instantly upon the call for a general enrollment of the militia, and have thus far overpowered and intimated the latter so far as to prevent their organization. In all other parts of the State we were successful, and I believe have nothing to fear. I am relieving the older troops by the new militia as far as possible, and throwing them into the Northeastern District; but this cannot be carried very far, since I must keep a pretty strong force of disciplined troops near the southern border. It does not now seem possible for me to put down the insurrection without some troops from abroad. The rebels are all well mounted and travel rapidly, recruiting as they go. They will not fight when they can avoid it, and only seem to gain strength by being whipped when they are forced to fight. I have found it necessary to concentrate my troops, and thus abandon many places heretofore held, to prevent the capture of small detachments. Thus a large part of the State is virtually given up to the guerrillas. From the best information I can obtain there are not less than 5,000 rebels in arms in the northeastern part of the State. I have plenty of troops there to whip them if I can force them to a fight, which I am trying my utmost to do.

The southern border is comparatively quiet at present. General Brown has driven the enemy back in the southwest and has his district under pretty good control. McBride appears to be concentrating a considerable force about Pocahontas and Doniphan. I have not yet been able to learn its strength. I would respectfully suggest that, to guard against a probable advance from that direction, a considerable portion of the new levies from the Western States be sent to Saint Louis as soon as practicable.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Answer, if any, not found.

---------------

