
After crossing Sac River, 15 miles above its confluence with the Osage, the advance guard skirmished with jayhawkers, who fired upon them from a house, wounding Private John Bander, Company K, First Iowa Cavalry. Loss of rebels, 1 killed and 4 wounded. After thoroughly scouring the thickets and woods for 4 miles around, the command moved to Beckstown, taking on the way some 14 prisoners; thence to Clintonville, 10 miles from Montevallo, where the State Militia went into camp, the Iowa cavalry moving forward to Centreville, within 5 miles of Montevallo, and encamped for the night, with the exception of a detail of 28 men, under Lieutenant Barnes, Company K, and Lieutenant-Colonel Moss, who pushed on into Montevallo, having learned that a company of United States troops had left that place only two days previous, and that there was no organized force of rebels within 12 miles of that place. Captain Bryan, in command at Centreville, was to come up early in the morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Moss reached Montevallo at 7 p.m. and quartered his men in and about the yard of the hotel, giving special orders to sleep upon their arms close together, and prepared for any attack which might be made. Guards were stationed and the command retired for the night, sleeping mostly in a log house attached to the hotel, the front kitchen, and the stable loft.

About 4.30 o'clock in the morning the detachment was aroused by an approaching body of men, said to be 50 strong, who demanded an immediate and unconditional surrender, accompanied with a threat to burn the houses over their heads in case of refusal. This was answered by a shot, which opened the engagement. Shots from the upper story of the house told with marked effect upon the attacking party, who were repulsed and took shelter behind a store 50 yards distant. Colonel Moss then ordered the men to fall into line outside and charge upon the enemy, who thereupon dispersed precipitately.

Several rebels were killed in this contest and 7 wounded, 3 mortally. Among the latter was the notorious Wild Irishman, alias Daniel Henly, leader of a desperate gang, the terror of Saint Clair, Cedar, and Vernon Counties. Our loss was 2 killed and 4 wounded. The conduct of our troops on this occasion was deserving of high praise. Exposed to a murderous fire, not a man flinched. Lieutenant Barnes and the citizen guide, Andrew J. Pugh, are especially mentioned for their cool gallantry and determined courage, which was doubtless fully equaled by the lieutenant-colonel commanding. Two privates of Company K, having left the house against orders, were taken prisoners, and their horses and arms captured.

Soon after daylight Captain Bryan came up with the balance of the command, including the Missouri State Militia. Lieutenant Barnes was sent on a scout to Nevada City,to return the same evening. He soon came in sight of 15 of the guerrillas, and pursued them to Nevada without being able to overhaul them. Captain Bryan was also sent scouting in the opposite direction, to return that evening. He soon came upon a portion of the band, killed 2, wounded 2, captured 1, and recovered the 2 men of Company K who had been taken prisoners the night previous. Being advised that a body of 60 men, besides two companies from Cedar Creek, were preparing to attack the command that evening at Montevallo, Colonel Moss ordered the hotel where the former attack had been organized and all intervening old buildings and brush burned as a measure of safety. The buildings burned were of little or no value, and were used by the guerrillas for defense. No attack was, however, made. Tuesday the command moved into Cedar County, and camped near Cedar Creek, 9 miles from Stockton. Bands

