
the militia is going forward rapidly and in a short time the State will be under their control. There is an abundance of subsistence in Western Missouri. I do not think that the enemy is moving through the Indian Territory in force. He has concentrated at Little Rock to meet the advance of General Curtis and moving toward the southeast portion of this State with a portion of his forces.

I will let you know of any movements in your direction.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, August 5, 1862.

Colonel RITCHIE,

Commanding First Indian Regiment:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that a dispatch has been received at this post from Colonel Salomon, directed to General Blunt, stating that the enemy, 8,000 strong, are advancing on him, and asking for re-enforcements. In view of this I have ordered Captain Schaurte's company to report to him immediately, and shall send this by express to you to inform you of it. The news from all quarters is quite exciting, and they are having a general uprising in Missouri. All of our forces are driven back to Springfield, and Colonel Salomon's command is seriously threatened, and I really wish that you would join him as soon as possible, and I shall feel more contented in regard to them. My force is now over in Vernon County after a band of rebels reported to be 1,200 strong, and I expect my force will get the worst of it, and then perhaps they will be looking in on us.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, August 5, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT COLUMBIA, MO.,

(Through Colonel Guitar, Jefferson City:)

Prepare your whole command to move with Colonel Guitar at once. Send all your valuable stores not needed for present use to Jefferson City with the trains. Subsistence stores you need not send. The post will be temporarily abandoned, so you must leave nothing but subsistence stores. Keep the light wagon, with a first-rate team, with you.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel Commanding Forces in North Missouri.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Eighteenth Iowa, just organized, is ordered to report to you; also the so-called Reserve Missouri Regiment at Corinth. I can do nothing more until troops come in.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

