
40 to 50 muskets to a company, with orders to capture arms enough to arm the balance. The trouble with the rebels will be in Cedar, Barton, Vernon, and Newton Counties. I have sent an express to Colonel Salomon, asking him to occupy Jasper and Newton Counties. Major Montgomery is in Dade County, with 100 of Sixth Missouri Cavalry and about 500 militia and citizens who have joined him. Major Hubbard is in vicinity of Lawrence with section of artillery and 500 First Missouri and Third Missouri State Militia. The citizens who have arms are joining our commands in large numbers to assist in driving the rascals away if they have not left the State. I think that it will be hot work for them. My correspondence says Colonel Tracy, Colonel Hughes, and Colonel Coffee were at Greenfield. The papers of Colonel Lawther, captured near Forsyth,show that he was also to be with them. I have done as you suggested, placed the troops to centralize at this post.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

NEWTONIA, MO., August 6, 1862.

General BROWN:

I arrived at this place last night all safe; have taken 3 of Rains' men prisoners and killed 3. The secesh are flying in every direction before us. From the best I can learn Coffee has been ordered out of Arkansas because he would not join the Southern Army. I am compelled to move very cautiously. There are 500 men under Jackman and some men from Texas on Pool's Prairie, 3 miles south of Neosho. I was in Neosho last night and drove their pickets out. I think they are raising all the citizens, probably to give us a fight. I shall move very cautiously. I would like another battalion, and I would be able to meet them on any ground. Don't be alarmed; we will hold our ground. Coffee has not been in this section of country. We get plenty of forage. If you send a messenger out here send my mail.

Yours, truly,

J. M. HUBBARD,

Major.

P. S.-I shall go to Neosho this morning with my whole force, but if I find them too strong I shall fall back to Newtonia, where I can defend myself against all they can bring against me.

SPRINGFIELD, August 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT, Commanding:

No information of any regular organized force of the enemy this side of Boston Mountains. They have made a raid into Missouri with about 1,000 irregular armed troops, and are gathering bands all over this division. I am arming the militia fast as possible. Can you occupy Newton and Jasper Counties with cavalry and artillery?

E. B. BROWN.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, August 6, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel SIMPSON:

Information has just been received that a band of rebels is approach-

