SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE, Numbers 182. Washington, August 6, 1862.

* * * * *

X. Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to temporary duty in the Department of the Mississippi, and will report without delay to Brigadier General J. M. Schofield, U. S. Volunteers, commanding District of Missouri.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 7, 1862.

Colonel B. G. FARRAR, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your authority as provost-marshal is extended to the bordering States of Illinois and Iowa, so far as may be necessary for the protection of Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 7, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Cairo, Ill.:

A land expedition will be fitted out against Vicksburg as soon as troops can be spared for that purpose. In the mean time you will operate in Arkansas according to the best of your judgment against the enemy, so as to relieve Southern Missouri from their inroads. If the enemy's forces are permitted to enter Southern Missouri in considerable numbers there is very certain to be a serious insurrection in the State. The taking of Little Rock was mentioned only on your own suggestion. It is believed here that the flotillas will be abundantly able to keep the Mississippi above Vicksburg clear till a land force can be sent against that place. Why not do it now as well as after Vicksburg is reduced?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAIRO, ILL., August 7, 1862-6 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

In reply to your question, Why not as well before as after Vicksburg is taken, I answer: The two fleets are separated by Vicksburg batteries, and the gunboat Arkansas is a terror to a divide flotilla. If I can prevent Price crossing the Mississippi to work with Hindman or equip Hindman's force there is no danger to be apprehended either in Arkansas or Missouri. Indeed, the talk of the army moving on Missouri, through a country my army has stripped clean, seems to me ill-founded. Jeff. Thompson and McBride may create a small guerrilla force and do some mischief, but a little self-reliance in Missouri will take care of Missouri. I will her, although my force got more kicks than compliments from her authorities for driving her enemies out and

