
and as soon as I think they have scattered I shall send the train of Indian goods forward to Fort Lyon with a proper escort and in company of the Indian agents.

I send this by Captain [L. D.] Rouell, to whom I would refer you for much information that I cannot communicate in this.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding Troops on Santa Fe Road.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 19. Fort Leavenworth, August 8, 1862.

I. In leaving this post for active service in the field the general commanding takes pleasure in acknowledging the zeal and activity displayed by the heads of the different departments, well knowing that in his absence the same uniformity of action and conduct will be observed.

II. Captain J. M. Graham, Eighth Kansas Volunteers, is hereby appointed acting assistant adjutant-general of this department, and will be stationed at these headquarters. All communications will be addressed to him accordingly.

III. The following officers are hereby designated as heads of departments, &c., in the field: Captain Thomas Moonlight, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Major V. P. Van Antwerp,inspector-general; Captain J. G. Haskell, chief quartermaster; Captain Oliver Barber, chief commissary; First ed. H. G. Loring, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant J. Fin Hill, aide-de-camp; Major C. Vaughan, additional aide-de-camp.

All communications will be addressed to them accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General J. G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 9, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Major Montgomery, for some unaccountable reason, disbanded his command at Stockton, sent to Bolivar and Springfield all the militia he had, and undertook to follow Coffee with 100 men Sixth Missouri Cavalry. In a few miles he heard Coffee was in ambuscade, waiting for him with 100 men, and he fell back to Greenfield. I sent one section of artillery and 200 Fourth Missouri State Militia to Greenfield at daylight this morning, which with other troops sent yesterday, will make the force of Montgomery 450 men. I have ordered 200 more troops to move this morning, and sent Colonel Clark Wright to take the command. Major Montgomery I have ordered under arrest.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION,Springfield, August 9, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Major Hubbard was surrounded at Newtonia on the night of the 7th by Rains, commanding, 1,500 men.

