
I had sent 400 men from the Third Missouri State Militia to re-enforce him and order to fall back, but the officer in command returned without doing so. I shall order the command at Greenfield to move to this post unless I hear that Colonel Salomon has relieved Major Hubbard.

I have sent orders to concentrate all the troops at this post, and shall be prepared to fall back, if necessary. I expect the appearance of a force via Forsyth.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 9, 1862.

General BROWN, Springfield, Mo.:

Do not allow yourself to lose more ground than absolutely necessary. The moral effect of abandoning any considerable portion of Southwest Missouri will be very bad. Occupy as much of it as you can, but by detachments strong enough to be secure against sudden raids. If you find a force advancing by Forsyth, and it is not too strong for you, it may be wise to advance and strike them boldly. Keep on the aggressive as long as you can do it without too great danger. Do not hesitate to supply yourself with fresh horses or whatever else you need as long as the country will afford them. Make the Enrolled Militia as effective as possible and keep them employed. Southwest Missouri must be held if there are men enough in that part of the State to hold it.

I will send you arms. We will have plenty of troops soon. Let us hold our ground, if possible, until they can be brought into service.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, August 9, 1962.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

Saint Louis, August 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel A. KREKEL, Saint Charles, Mo.:

COLONEL: The condition of the northeastern part of Missouri demands the united efforts of all loyal men to put down the rebel bands which infest that part of the State.

I desire you to rally as quickly as possible as large a force as you can raise in Saint Charles, Warren, and Lincoln Counties and take the field at once. You will of course leave sufficient force, either of your own battalion or of the Enrolled Militia, to take care of the railroad now guarded by you.

You have full power to call out all the men subject to military duty in the counties named, exercising your discretion as to whom should be excused on account of any peculiar circumstances that may exist.

Let the men come in with their horses and arms and whatever else they may require for active campaigning and can carry without incumbrance. Let them not wait for organization or muster into service, but organize as they march.

Inform me from day to day what arms and ammunition you require and I will forward them by rail to such points as you may designate. Make the men use the arms to be found in the country as far as practicable.

The end to be accomplished is to destroy and put down forever the armed rebels in Missouri, and to punish their sympathizers in such a

