
Information of the movement of the enemy in Missouri by my scouts and by citizens who came into camp all agreed that Neosho was occupied by the enemy under Jackman and Livingston, on August 6; that great rejoicing had been among the secesh population there, dinners prepared for them, &amp;c. My first intention was to spoil that fun and annihilate their force by a rapid movement to Neosho, when later scouts and letters from Major Henning, commanding post at Fort Scott, informed me of large rebel forces farther north threatening Fort Scott and the State of Kansas; Fort Scott at the time nearly destitute of troops and entirely so of artillery. The first intended movement then had to be abandoned, and I marched in forced marches with a part of my command to the rescue of Fort Scott.

Colonel Cloud returned from his expedition to Tahlequah and Park Hill on the forenoon of August 7, bringing with him the Ross family, the --- and treasury of the Cherokee Nation, and the valuables of Ross. I left Colonel Cloud in command, and marched with four companies of the Ninth Wisconsin, four companies Tenth Kansas Infantry, four companies cavalry, and four pieces of Rabb's battery, reaching Fort Scott on the morning of the 9th of August; distance, 60 miles; time, forty hours.

Under these circumstances I trust you will find my measures fully justified, even where they vary from your instructions afterward received. The danger was imminent, speedy action required, and I have done what under the circumstances was commanded by prudence and military experience. Your instructions are based upon the supposition that my flank is protected and communication with Fort Scott secured by the troops of General Brown, while in fact since all Southwestern Missouri is evacuated by Union troops and occupied by a five-times stronger rebel force than all available troops under my command. Inclosed I have the honor to submit copy of letter* from General Brown and report* of Major Phillips. The detail for the battery will be made promptly and reported to the commanding officer at Fort Scott. I will spare no pains to select good men and officers.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Indian Expedition.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 10, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

A portion of the new troops from Iowa, Illinois, and Wisconsin will be sent to Missouri. Your troops acting against the guerrillas must move rapidly and strike quickly. Do not let them scatter too much. General Curtis will soon make a strong diversion in your favor. There is a deputation here from Colonel Blair and others, asking for our removal on account of inefficiency.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAIRO, ILL., August 10, 1862-7 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: A regiment moving down from Pilot Know (First Wisconsin

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

