
Colonel Daniels) delayed and divided near Madison until the rebels have attached and taken their train and otherwise considerably damaged the regiment. The movement was unknown to me, and fearing what has happened I sent two orders to hurry the command forward to join me. I start down to-day. I have obtained a considerable amount of equipments necessary for moving my force in its new location. Commodore Davis is also increasing his power. My force is not idle, and I will continue to press the enemy to the best of my ability. I have for many years in and out of Congress exerted my influence to inaugurate the commencement of a Pacific Railroad. A bill passed last Congress nearly as I had matured it. I am told that I am named as one of the commissioners to organize, and a meeting is called in Chicago on September 2, which, with your leave, I would like to attend. Times are not very favorable to such an enterprise, but they may turn more propitious. I would not go if any important necessity seemed to require me at my command at the moment of the call.

The postponement of the taking of Vicksburg, announced in your telegraph, seems unfortunate, but no doubt consisted with other important plans of which I am not advised. I shall in the mean time be ready to co-operate as you may command. I see the cotton lords are down on me. I at first let everybody trade in cotton, but soon found my camp infested with Jews, secessionists, and spies, and had to issue an order confining the business to a few, whom I restrain as sutlers under military law. Your order on the subject does not seem to suit necessities that exist in a country where cotton is the only available means of subsistence. A few bales have been retained by families to buy the necessaries of life, and such persons have nothing else to buy with. They must, therefore, have some payment in hand to prevent actual suffering for the necessaries of life. I must therefore ask to modify your order to such emergencies. I am not exactly well, but remain, very respectfully, your servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 10, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I desire respectfully to ask the attention of the major-general commanding to the propriety of placing the Cairo and Fulton Railroad in working order as far as Bloomfield. I am informed by the officers of the company that this can be done at a small expense and on terms which appear advantageous to the Government.

Should it be necessary to carry on military operations of any considerable extent in Southeastern Missouri or Northeastern Arkansas, or to occupy that district of country for a long time even with a small force, great economy would result from opening that line of communication, and a position of great natural strength would be secured as a base of operations.

The railroad company is about to submit a proposition to the Government for the completion of the road, and hence I deem it proper at this time to express to the commanding general my views upon the subject.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

