
mounted, two teams to the company, with first rate mules and wagons. Forage is very scarce around Little Rock, and the army is subsisted by drawing upon the county, which is exhausted for miles around. Across the Arkansas they have a bridge of flat-boats, and the river is fordable at different points above and below the city. He says he saw Price get on the train at Tupelo on the 1st of July to go to Chattanooga to take charge of the rebel forces at that place. The letters herewith inclosed corroborate his statements in several particulars.

On yesterday I succeeded in raising a large coal barge sunk by Colonel Fitch on his trip up here several weeks ago. With this boat I crossed eight companies, under Lieutenant-Colonel Barter, and drove their pickets back from the river. With this boat we could cross our whole army in a few days. She will carry 1,800 men, and we have ropes tied from shore to shore and can run her over with the rapidity of a skiff. The demonstration directed is now complete, and if nothing but a demonstration is intended I shall return to Helena within three days from this date, unless otherwise directed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

CENTRAL DIVISION OF MISSOURI,

Jefferson City, August 10, 1862.

I. The following order will be enforced by the provost-marshal within the Division of Central Missouri:
SPECIAL ORDERS,OFFICER OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, DIST. OF THE MO. No. 35. Saint Louis, Mo., August 6, 1862.

I. Major White, provost-marshal-general of the Division of Central Missouri, will compel, as far as practicable, all disloyal persons within his division to take the oath of allegiance and give bonds in sums of not less than $1,000 for the faithful observance of the same, the bondsmen to be, if possible, secessionists or persons in sympathy with the principal, and to be pecuniarily responsible, so that in case of forfeiture the amount can be easily collected. Care should be observed not to allow any one person to stand bondsman oftener than the amount of his real property will warrant. It is my intention to compel all persons taking the oath of allegiance to live up to the letter and the spirit thereof or suffer the consequences.

BERNARD G. FARRAR,Provost-Marshal-General.

F. J. WHITE,

Provost-Marshal-General, Central Division Missouri.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 11, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS,

Cairo, Ill.:

Your presence with the army in the field is deemed very important, A delegation from Southern Missouri represents that a large number of rebels are organizing both sides of the Arkansas line. Your application for leave in September will be presented to the Secretary of War.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

