
SPRINGFIELD, August 11, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

The enemy, about 1,500 strong, were moving north about 50 miles below Forsyth on Friday. I am sending a force to meet them, ample if this is all there is. I shall probably be able to keep them in check a few days longer.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SULPHUR SPRINGS, August 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON:

Report just came in that a band of rebels, about 500 men strong, are at Trenton Bridge, in the Meramec Bottom. I have about 150 Union men ready to attack them. Can your order some troops from Allenton or Manchester to assist them?

Please answer.

E. STRODTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[Answer.]

Order whatever troops may be necessary from Manchester and Allenton to assist you. Concentrate what force you have of your own regiment necessary. Take command in person and move at once upon these fellows. Make a sure fight of it.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, August 11, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: I write to you because you understand the condition of this State. I will be as brief as possible, because I know your time is of value to the public.

Officers from Price's army have been for some time recruiting in North Missouri. I ordered a general enrollment of militia. General Schofield issued orders to carry out the enrollment. Those rebel officers, misrepresenting General Schofield's orders, alarmed all the men of Southern sympathies and rapidly filled up their ranks. The estimate of their whole number in the different bodies is from 5,000 to 10,000. My pet State Militia have encountered their largest body several times and always beaten them. The militia fight well.

It was no doubt the scheme of the enemy to prepare a large force in North Missouri to rise in arms when an army should approach our southern border. The order for enrolling the militia hastened their risking, but at the same time enables us to deal with them before our attention is called to any force coming from the south. The effect is probably fortunate.

This movement must be put down promptly. We ought to have more force if we could get it. There are but five small cavalry regiments of State Militia and Merrill's Horse to cover the entire country

