
and thereby destroy him. This department is in earnest about this thing, and desires your hearty co-operation.

Make all possible haste, as much depends on not losing a moment.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, August 11, 1862.

Colonel FITZ HENRY WARREN,

First Iowa Cavalry, Clinton, Mo.:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has this day communicated with General Brown, desiring and requesting him to prevent Coffee from moving north. It is the general's determination to hem him in between our united forces and completely destroy him. You will see by this what is required of you. Send us complete information of your intentions and movements, so that we can act in concert.

I have the honor to be, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General MERRILL,

Hudson, Mo.:

Do as you think best about the time of attacking Cobb. My only fear is that he will overpower the militia at Wellsville or Danville and get the arms I sent there. Ammunition for artillery and infantry went up yesterday; has it not arrived at Hudson? Detail Lieutenant Reder as aide. The Eighteenth Iowa, new regiment, will be at Hannibal to-morrow or the next day.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Clarendon, August 11, 1862.

Captain PADDOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Thirteen recruits, and among them several deserters from General Hindman's army, arrived this morning from Surrounded Hill. From their statements and the facts heretofore sent you there can be no doubt that the main body of Hindman's forces are still at Little Rock and vicinity, badly demoralized. He is building a camp about 15 miles above his present position, on this side of the Arkansas River. It is stated also by these men that General Parsons has about 4,000 at Des Arc and a few men at Surrounded Hill.

Surrounded Hill is about 17 miles above this place, between the White and Cache Rivers, the northern extremity of the hill or hills extending to within a few miles of Des Arc, which is about 30 miles from this point.

If a campaign is contemplated toward Little Rock I conceive this is the most favorable time for the movement. Water on the route is

