
for both. For the same reason Kansas should be added to the department, at least for the present. Harmonious operations on the part of the Kansas and Missouri troops are of great importance at this time, but it seems impossible to secure such harmony between independent commands.

Though perhaps not so essential that West Tennessee be in the same department, so far as military operations are concerned, I know no good reason why it should be separated from the States west of the Mississippi.

Captain Moore, president of the Saint Louis Merchants' Exchange, has just gone to Washington business connected with affairs here. He represents the substantial men, not politicians, of this city; whatever his own views may be, he will use his influence to any extent you may deem advisable in resisting the political pressure against your policy. I was not aware of his going nor of his mission until after he had gone, which I regret; for had I known it I would have spoken to him on this subject. But I am satisfied you can rely upon him, if you think it necessary to use outsiders to resist outside pressure.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

HUDSON, August 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

McNeil reports Porter a fugitive in the Fabius Hills, with about 20 men; his whole band scattered. Two or three hundred of them gone to Monroe, with Ninth Missouri and Third Iowa after them. Benjamin's battalion after the fugitives north of the road. Will start principal part of McNeil's force toward Callaway as soon as I can get them organized and in hand. I hope to give you good news of Poindexter and Cobb shortly.

The county is full of wounded from the Kirksville fight. It has spread terror among secesh. Porter is used up in Northeast Missouri, and it only remains to organize loyal men thereby and arm them and make secesh foot the bills, and the matter is forever settled.

Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson goes with his force toward Columbia to-morrow.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General LOAN,

Brookfield:

Hughes and Quantrill have taken Independence, and it is reported are threatening Lexington. If you can re-enforce that place from any part of your division do so. Doubtless Poindexter will endeavor to effect a junction with Hughes by crossing one way or the other. You may prevent it and destroy them by a vigorous pursuit.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 12, 1862.

General TOTTEN,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

Poindexter has crossed Grand River into Carroll County. General Loan is after him with 1,200 men. I have telegraphed him to push on

