
and prevent his junction with Quantrill and re-enforce Lexington if possible. General Brown says Coffee is moving east via Bolivar with 2,000 men. He probably has designs upon the trains from Rolla, but possibly may go up Linn Creek.

Rains, with about 1,000 men, is supposed to be near Carthage, going north. We must abandon all small posts, keep our troops in large bodies, and strike the guerrillas quickly and with vigor. The John Warner has arms for Lexington. I will send you the others you require and ammunition immediately.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 12, 1862.

General MERRILL,

Hudson, Mo.:

General Loan informs me that Poindexter has crossed Grand River at the mouth of Yellow Creek. General Loan is about starting from Brookfield in pursuit with 1,200 men. What change will this make in movement of your troops? Keep up communication with General Loan, so as to secure co-operation, and keep me informed of everything.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHEAST MISSOURI DIVISION, No. 7. Macon City, Mo., August 12, 1862.

Captain Granger, enrolling officer for the Northeast District, will proceed at once to Louisiana and collect 250 of the Enrolled Militia of Pike County and with them march to Paris, where he will immediately organize and arm the loyal inhabitants of Monroe County. The whole population of the county subject to military duty will be at once enrolled, disloyal persons giving up their arms and taking the oath of allegiance. Captain Granger is authorized to call on Colonel Hayward for arms and equipments sufficient to outfit the companies which he organizes, and will do so as soon as the organization is complete.

By order of Brigadier-General Merrill:

GEO. M. HOUSTON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION OF MISSOURI,

Springfield, August 13, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: A preliminary survey of the localities about the town for the erection of field works has been made, and I have decided on the location. It is immediately west of the court-house, where the creek bends to the south, with two points northwest and southwest from it. The details will be made to-morrow and the work begun. I have nothing from Montgomery since morning or from Hubbard for two days. He was then in pursuit of Rains, who when last heard from was at Neosho. If Montgomery gets any assistance from Fort Scott Coffee's command must be dispersed. I have sent a force of militia west from Bolivar to pick up stragglers. I notice that a correspondent

