
of the Democrat has been enlightening the people of the short-comings of this department. He says some truths, but more lies. The force at Cassville was 644, not 3,000; the arms destroyed were a few old country guns that were worthless-there were not sufficient good arms to furnish the recruits, and but little commissary stores. I knew the raid was to be made, and the movements saved any of the small posts being attacked. We have not lost a man yet. I do not know but it would have been better to have taken the chance. Yet I think, with the information I had, to concentrate the forces was the only thing to do. It does not require large guards for camps, and there were good strong bodies of cavalry and artillery in the field living on the country and moving without trains. We have every reason to believe that it was best as it was.

The organization of the militia is going on rapidly. I have armed twenty-three companies in the following counties: Douglas, three; Ozark, two; Wright, two; Webster, two; Polk, three; Green, four; Dallas, two; Christian, three; Stone, one; Laclede, two.

Mr. Bay, of Lawrence, has gone to Fort Scott with a letter to the commanding officer, asking him for force to protect the organization in Barton and Vernon Counties, and also asking for arms. Order herewith will show the districts and some things for defenses that I require of them.

The raids of Coffee and Rains in the west have prevented the organization in those districts. We want 3,000 muskets to arm the companies in the west and increase the force in the southern counties. The arms are not in the country. Many of the companies are unable to bring in more than ten guns, and them of the poorest kind. In the absence of instructions I have ordered that prominent citizens shall act temporarily as commanders of the militia.

Hoping, general, this may meet your approval, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, August 13, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

The bearer of this, John Ross, Chief of the Cherokee Nation, at my suggestion is about to visit Washington, for the purpose of consulting with you relative to the condition of his people and their attitude toward the Federal Government.

About the 10th of July I forwarded to the Secretary of War documents, including correspondence between Mr. Ross and the agents of Confederate Government; also proceedings of the Cherokee Council and treaties of alliance with the rebel States. These papers were accompanied by a letter expressing my opinion in regard to feeling among the Cherokees toward our Government. Further correspondence and intercourse with them had confirmed the opinion then expressed. I have no doubt as to the loyalty of the Ross family and three-fourths of the Cherokee people. Until recently they have been unable to hold any communication with our Government, while they were constantly pressed by the agents of the Confederate States with false representations and every influence brought to bear to seduce

