
them from their allegiance to our Government; yet they rejected the propositions of the rebel Government until October, 1861, hoping that our forces might arrive in their country and insure their projection. This hope failing them, they were compelled to the policy they adopted as a matter of necessity and self-preservation.

Chief Ross will confer with you freely upon all the details affecting the relations of his people with our Government.

I commend him to you as a man of candor and frankness, upon whose representations you may rely.

Hoping that his interview with you may result in advancing the mutual interest of the Government and Cherokee Nation, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Learned, August 13, 1862.

Captain THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that since the Indian agent, Major Colley, arrived here he has held council with all the chiefs of his agency, and that the Indians that were assembled expecting to receive their goods have left for their hunting grounds with a promise to their agent to meet him about the 1st of October next and get their annuities. The late trouble with the Indians near here was occasioned by interested parties residing in the neighborhood and on the Indian lands, hoping if the Indians received their goods they would be able to purchase for little or nothing whatever the Indians received from the Government. As the great number of Indians that were here have left, your order of the 12th July, directing the four companies of the Second Kansas Volunteers to take post at Fort Riley, will be complied with. Two of these companies have been sent to the Big Bend to await orders, and the other two will march for Council Grove to-morrow, unless the mail that is due to-day should bring other orders. The two not at Big Bend will be directed to move on to Fort Ripley, after a few days' stay at that point, to ascertain, if possible, the truth of the many reports that reach us of the advance of Texans on the frontier.

For myself, I do not think any considerable body will do so, but that our route is liable to be attacked almost any time by guerrillas I have no doubt.

By the last coach from Santa Fe I received no information from General Canby as to his intention about the troops of my regiment. I do hope General Blunt will not consent to let such troops as the Colorado Volunteers remain so inactive as they would be obliged to do in New Mexico. They should be placed where strong arms and stout hearts are wanted, and my word for it they will never disappoint their officers.

With the First and Second Colorado, my Ninth Wisconsin Battery, and one battalion of cavalry, good service would be done by following down the Arkansas River as far as Fort Smith, to co-operate with troops from Kansas and Missouri. Will General Blunt give me such a command?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding Route on Santa Fe Road.

