
SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I understand that the Governor of this State asks to be released from the draft. Do not let up on it. With the draft we can raise all the men wanted. They will volunteer to avoid the draft. Without it we raise none. Other counsels must be taken than the Governor of this State or affairs will go to hell, near the which we are.

F. P. BLAIR, Jr.

SPRINGFIELD, August 14, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

I have reliable information that the enemy, 6,000 strong, are moving north in Carroll County, Arkansas. Rains and Coffee have found a junction in Barton or Vernon Counties. I have sent expresses this morning to abandon the pursuit of Coffee and return to this post. The Tenth Illinois is all ordered to Marshfield. The most rapid movements alone can prevent the abandonment of this post. I will ordered in all the militia that are armed.

Blunt's force are all at Fort Scott. I got no assistance from them.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, August 14, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Rains' and Coffee's forces, about 3,000, have probably formed a junction in Cedar or Barton Counties. Montgomery was in pursuit of them from the east and Colonel King from the south at last accounts. If the troops at Fort Scott move on them they should be cut up. A spy came in early this morning; reported a force of about 6,000 moving north in Carroll County, Arkansas, and another at noon to-day. They have received orders to return, and are moving back to Little Rock. Our telegraph wires were cut last night, and I sent an express to Sedalia on receipt of first report. Reconnoitering parties have been ordered through Forsyth and Galena to learn the truth as to their reported chance of route.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 14, 1862.

General BROWN,

Springfield, Mo.:

No troops have been sent south of the Osage. It has been necessary to concentrate the troops north of the Osage upon Hughes and Quantrill in Jackson County. If Rains and Coffee are both west of you it must be a mistake about any very large force south of Forsyth. I apprehend it is a mere demonstration to facilitate the movements of Rains and Coffee. It may, however, be the reverse. The movements of Rains and Coffee may be intended to draw your troops away from Springfield. Do not let them deceive you. If you cannot rely upon your spies, make a strong cavalry reconnaissance into Carroll County to ascertain

