
in the evening. Captain Bryan was more successful. He soon ran upon another party of the band, killed 2 and wounded some 2 more and captured 1 (George Gatewood) and recovered the 2 men captured the night previous. The keeper of the hotel where the band met and organized that night was a leader in the business and killed by Captain Bryan's men.

Having learned from scouts and other sources that a body of some 60 men, besides two companies from Cedar Creek, were preparing to attack the command that evening in Montevallo, I ordered the hotel where the former attack was organized and the old buildings between that and the place I was occupying with my command to be burned, which was promptly done. This measure because necessary as a precaution against attack and as a measure of safety, as those buildings, of little or no value to any one, were being used as places of protection and resort by the guerrillas.

The command remained at Montevallo during the night of Monday and left about 7 o'clock Tuesday morning, and encamped about 9 miles from Stockton Tuesday evening, near Cedar Creek. During the whole day bands of armed men, numbering from 15 to 20, were seen moving in the direction of Stockton and White Hare, in Cedar County.

On Wednesday morning a heavy rain set in, which raised Cedar Creek so as to render it impassable for the wagons containing the wounded men, and I sent out for this post, and arrived here with an escort about 10 o'clock in the evening. The command encamped 16 miles from this place, near Cole's store, and came in under Captain Bryan this (Thursday) afternoon in a terrible rain-storm, accompanied by thunder and lightning, tearing up trees and rocks, and filling up the creeks, so as to render them impassable two hours after our wagons had passed over.

Captains Bryan and Gravely, Lieutenant Shriver, and all the officers rendered every assistance in their power, and deserve the confidence of their commander. We captured 22 men, mostly with arms in their hands, besides several horses and mules. Most of the arms were worthless and were destroyed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. E. MOSS,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Jefferson City.

APRIL 14, 1862.-Skirmish near the Santa Fe Road, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General James Totten.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Brown, Seventh Missouri Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General James Totten.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 19, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that I have received official reports from Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Brown, commanding Jackson and Cass

