
SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The withdrawal of General Blunt south to Fort Scott has left the southwestern part of Missouri much exposed. Rains and Coffee are now in Chattanooga [?] County, with 3,000 men. I have not the force to drive them out without endangering Springfield. Cannot General Blunt be ordered to co-operate with me?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 15, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Suggest to General Blunt how he can best more to co-operate with you, and send me a copy of your dispatch to him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., August 15, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch, dated 4.25 p.m. of to-day, directing me to suggest to General Blunt how he can best co-operate with me, and to send you a copy of my dispatch to him. Being informed that General Blunt started from Fort Leavenworth for Fort Scott several days ago, I have sent the inclosed dispatch to Springfield, to be sent from there by express, with directions to the commanding officer at Fort Scott, if General Blunt be not there, to read it and act upon it, should he feel justified in doing so. My dispatch to General Blunt being necessarily quite lengthy, I have decided not to send the copy to you by telegraph, although I am in doubt whether it was not your intention that it should be so sent; but as I take it for granted that General Blunt will now co-operate with me, if practicable, there seems no reason for sending the dispatch to you by telegraph. I am glad to be able to inform you that the insurrection in Northern Missouri is substantially at an end. Porter's and Poindexter's bands have been entirely cut to pieces and scattered. They have lost not less than 1,000 men in killed and wounded and are fleeing in terror in all directions. Cobb has a small band with him yet, which Colonel Merrill is now after. My troops in that part of the State have done nobly. They have exceeded my highest expectations. I am now concentrating several strong bodies of cavalry upon Quantrill, which I believe cannot fail to dispose of him in a few days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT:

Rains and Coffee, with about 3,000 men, are in the extreme western counties of Missouri. Another force (reported 6,000 strong) is approaching

