
Fe for better position, and threw out strong pickets toward the enemy, finding him in considerable force.

Independence fell on Monday morning. The enemy signifying his intention to move upon this place without delay, I immediately brought my command, consisting of Company B, Sixth Kansas, and Companies A and L, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, to this post, having first called upon the militia of Johnson County to the defense of the frontier. The same evening Lieutenant-Colonel Burris arrived with a detachment from Leavenworth, and we immediately moved upon Independence with about 700 men. Found Independence evacuated; staid all night, and reliable information reaching us that the enemy was in largely-superior force and hourly expecting to be re-enforced by Coffee, we concluded that sound policy required us to fall back to this place.

Colonel Burris found orders here recalling him to Leavenworth. He ordered me to remain with my command at this post.

This morning information reaches me that a force of between 3,000 and 4,000 are on the Blue. I have reconnoitering parties in front, and should the information prove correct I shall fall back across the Kansas River, in case they move upon this post in the force estimated. Could you send me two or three more companies of my battalion, I could act with much more efficiency.

Your obedient servant,

W. C. RANSOM,

Major Sixth Kansas Volunteers, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, August 15, 1862.

Information of a character not at present advisable to be made public has been received at these headquarters which renders it necessary on the part of the general commanding this department to make the following recommendations to the citizens of Leavenworth County:

I. That all persons within said county who are liable to military duty under the militia laws of the State immediately enroll themselves in companies, procure such arms as they may be able, and hold themselves in readiness for service at a moment's warning.

II. That when arms are found in the possession of persons who are rightly suspected of disloyalty such arms shall be taken and receipted for by commanders of companies, to be returned upon proof of loyalty being properly made.

III. It is also recommended that the mayor of the city of Leavenworth cause all stores, saloons, and places of business in the city to be closed at 4 o'clock p.m. of each day, in order to give the citizens an opportunity of organizing and perfecting themselves in drill.

IV. Commanders of companies will report to these headquarters what number of men they may be able to muster.

If these recommendations are promptly complied with it is believed that an opportunity will soon be offered in which the guerrilla bands, who are now devastating our sister State and infesting the borders of our own, may be speedily and completely dispersed and destroyed.

Unless these requests are promptly attended to events may render it necessary for the general commanding to use his authority and compel their observance. The hearty co-operation of all loyal citizens is expected.

By order of Brigadier General James G. Blunt:

J. M. GRAHAM,

Captain, Eighth Kansas Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

