
4,000 men. From the best information I can get they are moving rapidly to Lexington, where they expect to unite with a force from the north side of the Missouri River. I shall move again at 9 o'clock, and hope to come up with them on the Missouri River, if not before. My command consists of about 1,500 men, with six pieces of artillery. Can you send me re-enforcements? If you send infantry, they should be put in wagons, so as to move as rapidly as possible. I shall go by the way of Rose Hill. Send me reply by messenger what you can do. I would like very much to have you along.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Kansas.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 16, 1862.

General TOTTEN:

I have directed the Leavenworth troops to re-enforce Kansas City, and then to retire across the river with these, if not strong enough to hold the place. I do not understand whether the Warner was to bring down the companies of Major Linder and leave the others or bring them all. I will send you Cole's battery, and, if possible, another regiment of infantry, which I except to arrive to-night. This is all I have. Blunt is moving north with his entire force; is probably at Osceola now. Open communication with him if possible, and urge him to push forward to your support. I will do the same via Springfield.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 16, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District:

Every single movement has been telegraphed you. On the 14th you said: "Now is your time to strike Hughes and Quantrill; let the blow be quick and overwhelming." The same day you were telegraphed that Colonel Warren was ordered north last night with his entire force of at least 1,500 and one section of artillery. He must be near Warrensburg to-night or beyond. Foster will be sent southwesterly with 1,000 and section of artillery till he can communicate with Warren, when all will move on the rebels in Jackson County. Can you not get the Leavenworth forces sent back to Kansas City to co-operate for a few days? It is needed very much now.

Upon receiving last night a dispatch from Warren, dated on Deep Water, in Henry County, a copy of which I sent you, I immediately ordered Colonel Huston to send after Foster and order him back to Lexington. The order was sent, and at sunrise this morning was within 5 miles of Foster. All this has been dispatched you promptly.

The Warner was sent to Kansas City for Linder's command, which had arrived there from Harrisonville; besides these two companies, there are at Kansas City one company of Huston's regiment and one of militia. Send the Leavenworth forces to their assistance immediately.

By yesterday's dispatch you will see that Major Eno, from Warsaw, and all troops in that direction were ordered to Sedalia. I want Cole's battery, and as much more infantry as you can possibly spare me;

