
Counties, to the effect that at daylight on the morning of the 14th instant a detachment of the First Missouri Cavalry, under Lieutenant Nash, attacked Quantrill near the Santa Fe road, and 12 miles from Independence, killing 4, wounding 4, and taking 5 prisoners. The report also states that our troops captured all of the horses, arms, accouterments, and most of the clothing of the outlaws.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

A. A. G., Saint Louis, Mo.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Brown, Seventh Missouri Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Independence, Mo., April 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Having through my scouts tracked Quantrill for the past five days, I received information last night that gave promise of making a successful attack on his band. After making arrangements with one of the scouts to meet the command at Ray Point with reliable information as to his movements, I ordered Lieutenant G. W. Nash, with 30 men of the First Missouri Cavalry, to move to that point at midnight, and be governed in his preparations by the information he there received. The night was dark, and a heavy thunder-storm raged until 4 o'clock in the morning, effectually concealing the movements of the command. At daylight it reached a small, old log house, 2 miles from any traveled road and about 12 miles from here, in the direction of Santa Fe, where Quantrill was housed. He was completely surprised, and Lieutenant Nash charged on his farm as they were flying to the brush, about 20 rods from the brush, killing 4, wounding 4, and capturing 5 prisoners, all the horses, accouterments, most of their arms and clothing, most of Quantrill's men running off barefooted and coatless. Lieutenant Nash, for his perseverance in pursuing Quantrill and his bravery in the charge, deserves especial notice of the commanding general.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City, Mo.

APRIL 16, 1862.-Skirmish near the Blackwater, Mo.

Report of Captain Lucien J. Barnes, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 24, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a scouting party, under Lieutenant Simeral, First Iowa Cavalry, sent out by Major Thomas Curley, Seventh Missouri Volunteers, commanding post at Warrensburg,

