
there about 500 of this class, and smaller bodies at other places in Northern Arkansas.

Reports like that of McBride's intentions are got up perhaps to draw in recruits, but the success in bringing larger bodies of the rebels together in other parts of the State show how extensive the secret organizations were, and there may be some cause for the report.

I have sent spies to McBride's camp, but it is so difficult for them to get through the country that they cannot move very rapidly to bring me information in time. A secret agent of a Union organization visited me yesterday, with a view to arranging some place by which a large number of Arkansas citizens could escape. They live south of the river, but will cross the mountains if they can meet a force of our troops on this side. He reports that a regiments was made up, and through the indiscretion of some of its officers the plot was discovered and the whole captured-a large number having arms; about 200 put in prison. General Hindman is very sick; not expected to live. One report says he was shot by one of the conscripts and his arm broken. I cannot get any confirmation of the report of the meeting of the Texan regiments. The recruiting in Northern Arkansas is for service in Missouri.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 18, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

You are authorized to make requisitions on the Governor of Illinois for three regiments and on the Governor of Iowa for two regiments.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SPRINGFIELD, August 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Spies from Arkansas-from as far south as Huntsville-Friday night confirm my report of yesterday that there was no organized force north of Boston Mountains. The retrograde movement of the enemy from Carrollton is confirmed. Twenty spies have been sent to the southeast daily for a week. I have nothing but rumors as to McBride's movements. I have stationed the Tenth Illinois, with six howitzers, on the road to Lebanon and at Marshfield to protect the trains with arms. Five companies infantry militia arrived here to-day.

I am greatly in want of tools to work on the intrenchments. Can only work 400 men. I have issued a call to the people to bring in shovels, spades, axes, &amp;c. Block-houses are being erected at several posts by the militia.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Catherwood telegraphs the following:

Spies report a strong force near Waverly. Report intention of the enemy, if unsuccessful

