
at Lexington, to cross the river. Small forces reported near Knobnoster and Clear Fork. Colonel Haines telegraphs the commissary not to issue to the militia. They cannot be subsisted otherwise without taking all the people have.

This confirms me in the idea that Colonel Guitar should cross at Glasgow with his entire force and push on by direct road to Lexington. I am obliged to subsist the militia, Colonel Haines' order to the contrary notwithstanding. I have not time to attend to small matters. A few thousand rations, more or less, is of little consequence at this critical moment. I request that you will support me in my action.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District:

The following from Huston to-day just received:

The enemy, 6,000 strong 7 miles from me an hour ago.

Not a word from Warren or General Loan. I am preparing for a strong defense. Have in all about 2,400 men. Have sent [John F.] Philips with 2,000 men and section of artillery to Lexington from Sedalia, and messengers to Warren and Blunt to push forward and try and join him on the march. I shall leave Sedalia this evening with Cole's battery and the infantry. Do hurry up General Loan and other north-side forces who can assist Huston in the least.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Commanding Division.

JEFFERSON CITY, August 18, 1862-6 p.m.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding:

Just leaving for Sedalia. Be there at midnight. Shall leave there immediately upon arrival of Cole's battery. No time will ten be lost. Send Kallman's regiment to Sedalia, as I shall probably leave that post weak.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DIVISION,Jefferson City, Mo., August 18, 1862.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

COLONEL: I desire to represent to the commanding general that owing to the threatening force west to Sedalia I was compelled to send for the protection of that post all the force I could spare from Booneville and the line of railroad. I have left only two companies of Enrolled Militia at the following points, viz: California, Tipton, Syracuse, La Mine, and Booneville, and about ten companies in and around the capital, with more coming to this place.

Militia and everything from Warsaw, Clinton, and vicinity are all ordered to Sedalia, and are doubtless there now. Five of McClurg's

