
Eleventh Enrolled Militia companies are ordered to Sedalia, leaving him one company of his own regiment and six of the militia companies near him, all armed. He has already orders to fall back on Jefferson City in case he is threatened by any force and cannot maintain himself there.

Messengers have been sent repeatedly after Warren, ordering him toward Sedalia, but yesterday he was at Rose Hill, and has just received dispatches of 14th ordering him with all rapidity northward; unless subsequent dispatches reach him soon he will be engaged by the enemy and perhaps be cut off.

In view of the weak condition of this line I have the honor to request that General Schofield will send the forces sent from here under Colonel Guitar as follows: Two companies of the Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, under a captain, to cross the river at Booneville and march to this place by land.

Lieutenant-Colonel Williams is now here and will remain in command of this place and vicinity. The other six companies of Guitar's regiment I desire should cross at Glasgow, with the section of artillery, all under Colonel Guitar and Major Draper, and march directly toward Lexington, which is besieged this morning; Colonel Guitar to communicate with me to-morrow morning on the march from Sedalia to Lexington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 18, 1862.

General MERRILL,

Mexico, Mo.:

Send Guitar with as much force as you can spare from that part of the State across the river at Glasgow, with orders to march toward Lexington. It is reported that if defeated there they will attempt to cross the river below. This is not probable, but they may be driven in that direction, and Guitar's force will be required to cut them off. Tell him to look out for the enemy along the river. A strong force is now reported at Waverly. Tell Guitar to be cautious, and not hesitate to retire if he finds a force too strong for him.

Let me know when he will cross the river, so that I may send him orders from this side.

Guitar and McNeil are appointed brigadiers for gallant and meritorious services.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST MISSOURI DISTRICT,Macon City, Mo., August 18, 1862.

General ODON GUITAR,

Commanding Western Column:

GENERAL: I have just been informed by General Schofield that Lexington is seriously threatened. Rains and Coffee have succeeded in collecting a large force in that vicinity, and I am ordered to send all my disposable force to the succor of Lexington. You will accordingly make haste, concentrate your whole regiment at Glasgow, and move thence across the river toward Lexington, moving (after crossing), with

