
great caution, as it is feared that if the enemy is defeated at Lexington they will attempt to move down the river, with the intention to cross below Lexington, probably at Waverly, where there is reported to be a strong force of the enemy.

The general directs me to say to you that you must not hesitate to retire if you meet a force much stronger than your own and must not risk a defeat. Major Foster was badly beaten south of Lexington yesterday.

I have ordered Captain Leonard from here with all your regiment that is here to move direct to Glasgow, and to be joined by the section of the Indiana battery at Columbia. This, with your own regiment, is all the force I can spare at present.

The general also directs me to say to you to put a good lookout for the enemy toward the river between Glasgow and Lexington.

It gives me much pleasure to congratulate you on your well-earned promotion for your gallant and meritorious service.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, August 19, 1862.

General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

I arrived here last night with 350 men. I find everything in confusion. Cannot ascertain where the enemy is or his strength. Two scouts have been sent out this morning to gain information of his locality. The nominal strength here is from 2,000 to 2,500.

Will write you fully.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

SEDALIA, August 19, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Huston telegraphs this morning as follows:

General Blunt and Colonel Warren joined near Lone Jack, 4,000 men, sixteen pieces of artillery; had a severe fight yesterday, result unknown, within 10 miles of Lone Jack. Information by a flag of truce sent for our wounded. One of Colonel Warren's officers came into Lone Jack and our lieutenant conversed with him before fight.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

SEDALIA, August 19, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding:

I think Colonel Guitar's force should be sent to Jefferson City. I am afraid of an attempt upon the capital by squads slipping through unbeknown to the principal command. If he is still in your reach and you agree with me, so order it. If I can reach him I shall direct him to await your orders. From information derived from Colonel Huston

