
it appears likely the enemy may make a demonstration upon Sedalia or any other weak point within reach.

If Colonel Guitar is sent to Jefferson City he will strengthen that end of the line, and if required here can be easily brought.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

SEDALIA, August 19, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding:

General Loan, and possibly Blunt, now within this division. Both rank me. I cannot give orders to their commands. Who will command, Blunt or Loan? Have drawn Philips back, fearing he might be overpowered. Cole's and four pieces of Wachsman's batteries here. I am ready to act in concert and obey orders of superiors.

Have not heard direct from either Blunt, Loan, or Warren any more than I telegraphed this morning. I will keep you informed.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 19, 1862.

General BLUNT,

Springfield, Mo.:

The enemy in force are in La Fayette and Jackson Counties. I believe we can best secure his destruction if you will move north via Clinton or a little west of it, and co-operate with General Totten, who will move in strong force from Sedalia. If you do not cross the Osage, General Totten will move alone, and rely upon you to cut off their retreat southward.

Please inform me what you will do, so that I may direct General Totten's movements.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, August 20, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD:

The rebels under Coffee and company, about 5,000 strong, have crossed the Osage near Clinton, going south. I have about 1,000 effective men, three 6-pounder iron guns and two 2-pounders. Shall I pursue them? If not, I propose to march to Comet. Clifton safe; effective force there about 700. Send orders.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 20, 1862.

General LOAN,

Lexington:

Send Colonel Huston to Sedalia with all the force you can spare from the defense of Lexington, Colonel Huston to assume command of Sedalia on his arrival there. Let him march rapidly.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

