
SPRINGFIELD, August 20, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

I sent Major Miller, with 100 men, Second Wisconsin, to Mount Vernon three days since. Have since added four companies of militia. Major Miller's orders to watch out for straggling bands of Coffee's men should they try to escape south. Colonel Hall, with about 200 Third and Fourth Missouri State Militia, leaves to night for Mount Vernon.

I have advised Major Miller of Coffee's movements south and ordered him west to harass and cut off small parties. Wright should come up with Coffee, as his horses have had a rest of thirty-six hours and he was within 8 miles of him. The enemy will scatter and take to the brush, but the colonel is up to their tricks.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 20, 1862.

General TOTTEN,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

Send dispatch to General Blunt, asking him to co-operate in the combined movements you desire. I will do the same by the way of Springfield; but my impression is he will not cross the Osage. If not, you will have to move in a single column, and rely upon General Blunt to cut off the enemy if they retreat southward, which they will probably do. When General Logan gets his cipher I will communicate with him on the subject.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SEDALIA, August 20, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Huston has cipher and understands tolerably well. If Loan was out of the way I could take care of this thing. If I move with 2,000 men and six pieces of artillery will you have Sedalia supported from Lexington? I will leave Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, some Enrolled Militia, and four pieces of artillery at this place. If I move, shall first push for Clinton and afterward as circumstances dictate. Cole is coming here, I understand, with two other pieces of artillery, to-morrow, making six pieces then here on his arrival. After my force leaves Lexington should re-enforce this place immediately with at least 1,200 men.

Send Huston to command here during my absence. Rebels now reported to have doubled on Blunt and Warren and marching north again. Answer immediately.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 20, 1862.

General TOTTEN:

Sedalia cannot possibly be in danger with the force you propose to leave there, even if Coffee has returned. You can easily prevent his getting between your force and Sedalia, or should he by any chance get around you, you can turn and attack him before he can take that place.

