
on the 16th instant, came upon a party of mounted bushwhackers near Blackwater and fired upon them, wounding two, one mortally, when they scattered in such manner as to render pursuit impossible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

APRIL 19, 1862.-Skirmish at Talbot's Ferry, White River, Ark.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel Lafayette McCrillis, Third Illinois Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp at Vera Cruz, Mo., April 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: A cavalry expedition which I sent from Forsyth down White River, consisting of detachments from Third Illinois, Fourth Iowa, and Bowen's Battalion, proceeded down into Arkansas to the mouth of Big North Fork. A detachment, under Captain Drummond, crossed White River near Yellville, Ark., and destroyed extensive salt-peter manufactories, burning the building. Some force collected on the opposite side of White River at Talbot's Ferry, which our men fired on and skirmishing continued some time. The mountain howitzers were brought up and a few shots drove them out of sight. Lieutenant William A. Heacock, of Wapello County, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, was killed and a private was slightly wounded. The enemy being on the other side, their loss is not known.

The cavalry came up to find a crossing, and is now in my advance with other cavalry from near White Plans. The troops of this command are most of them up to this point; Carr's division one day's march behind.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Lafayette McCrillis, Third Illinois Cavalry.

WEST PLAINS, MO., April 25, 1862.

GENERAL: As you instructed me, I moved my command over to Little North Fork, thence down to Mr. Bratton's store, directly east of

