
Colonel Wright and Major Montgomery are united in the pursuit and now one-half a day ahead of me, with comparatively fresh horses and with 1,200 to 1,500 men. A messenger from Colonel Wright informs me that he would go into Neosho last night. He expected Rains, with a force of 1,000 men mounted and no artillery, &amp;c., all of which I regard as false reports.

They have from the start kept the two pieces ahead, and the whole energies of the citizens and army have been bent upon getting away with them, in which I think they have succeeded. I do not know how far Colonel Wright intends to go. On account of the fatigued state of our horses and the hopeless task of overtaking the enemy I have gone into camp upon Dry Fork, some 8 miles from here, to rest, watch the roads east of this place for stragglers, and await orders, hoping the same will meet your approval.

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LARAMIE, August 23, 1862-2.15 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My department commander is in the field, and I cannot communicate with him. Indians, from Minnesota to Pike's Peak, and from Salt Lake to near Fort Kearny, committing many depredations. I have only about 500 troops, scattered on the telegraph and overland mail lines. Horses worn by patrolling both roads. If I concentrate my force to go against Indians, mail line, telegraph, and public property will be destroyed. If you cannot send re-enforcements from States, will you give me authority to raise 100 mounted men in the mountains and re-enlist the Utah troops for a limited time? The troops furnish their own horses. Answer by telegraph. We have no mails at this post. I am building new post on new mail route near Medicine Bow Mountain. Will you name it either Stanton, Halleck, Baker, or Lincoln?

JAS. CRAIG.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 23, 1862-1.20 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The rebels in Western Missouri have been routed and are fleeing toward Arkansas. Our troops in pursuit.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 23, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Will send message to General Blunt and Colonel Wright immediately. Colonel Wright has not heard from the Kansas troops but once, and not seen any part of the command since he left Greenfield. Coffee will escape into Arkansas with most of his force and form a junction with the troops of Rains and Carroll. We shall have to move quick to meet concentration, as there will be 10,000 armed men.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

