
SPRINGFIELD, August 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

Just received a dispatch from Colonel Wright. He had followed Coffee to Pineville and returned to Neosho. At 10 o'clock yesterday morning he had received a message from General Blunt announcing his approach by the Carthage road. Force not known. An intercepted messenger from Coffee to Hays at Lone Jack urges him to move to his support. I have taken measures to advise General Blunt at Neosho.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 23, 1862.

General TOTTEN,

Osceola, via Sedalia:

Colonel Wright was at Neosho and General Blunt at Carthage yesterday morning. Wright had followed Coffee as far as Pineville. Coffee will now unite with Rains and probably return upon Blunt or Brown. It will be necessary to re-enforce Springfield at once. As you are already so far advanced, I think it is best for you to continue the pursuit and take command of the Southwestern Division. If you are not in a condition to go yourself send forward the greater part of your force and return with the remainder. I prefer to have you go. Inform me at once.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 23, 1862.

Colonel McNEILL,

Palmyra, Mo.:

Pursue Porter until he is entirely scattered or destroyed. If your horses give out take the best secesh horses you can find. Call on all the loyal men of the country to help you and upon the rebels to furnish the necessary subsistence.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

HICKMAN'S MILLS, [August] 23, 1862.

Captain J. M. GRAHAM:

I have scoured the county. Found the enemy, 1,000 strong, under Colonels Thompson, Hays, and Quantrill, in the brush 12 miles south of Independence. Could not get artillery nearer than 2 miles. Sent in cavalry; tried to draw them out, but failed. I burned their forage. They started to escape in our rear. We opened fire on them about noon to-day; killed 12, wounded several. They made a precipitate retreat.

We have cleared Jackson County of rebel troops.

BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

