
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 24, 1862.

Governor RAMSEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

If General Schofield can spare the Third Minnesota Volunteers they will be sent to you. They either have been or soon will be exchanged.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 24, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

If the Third Minnesota Volunteers can be spared send them to Saint Paul, Minn. They have been or soon will be exchanged.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, No. 4. In the Field, Fort Scott, Kans., August 24, 1862.

I. The troops composing this command will be brigaded as follows:

First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General F. Salomon: Ninth Wisconsin Infantry; Second Ohio Cavalry; Ninth Kansas Cavalry; Second Indian Regiment Home Guards; Major C. W. Blair's Second Kansas Battery; Captain Stockton's battery; Captain William Finkler, brigade quartermaster

Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Volunteers: Tenth Kansas Infantry; Sixth Kansas Cavalry; Third Indian Regiment Home Guards; Captain Allen's First Kansas Battery; Captain George F. Warren, brigade quartermaster.

Third Brigade, commander by Colonel W. F. Cloud, Second Kansas Volunteers: Second Kansas Infantry; First Indian Regiment Home Guards; Rabb's Second Indiana Battery; Captain P. G. D. Morton, brigade quartermaster.

II. The differed brigade commanders will on receipt of this order, move their commands to a suitable place east and south of Fort Scott, where a full supply of forage, grass, fuel, and good healthy water can be obtained, reporting the exact location of these headquarters.

III. The strictest discipline will be enforced throughout, and to this end all officers and soldiers will be kept with their respective commands in camp, unless ordered on special duty.

IV. Brigade field returns will be required at these headquarters promptly on the 10th, 20th, and last of each mouth, in addition to the regular monthly returns.

V. Commanders of regiments, companies, detachments, and squads will, on receipt of this order, report in person to their brigade commanders for instructions, with the exception of the Indian regiments, who will report by letter.

VI. Brigade commanders will appoint an acting assistant adjutant-general and one acting commissary of subsistence, each from lieutenants of the line. The commissaries of subsistence will be allowed to employ a citizen clerk, at a rate not exceeding $75 per month.

By order of Brigadier General J. G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

