
and McClurg's regiments, Missouri State Militia, Colonel Guitar's regiment and Lieutenant-Colonel Newgent's battalion, besides the troops you brought from the Northwestern Division and the Enrolled Militia.

It will probably be necessary to send additional re-enforcements to Springfield soon, and it will be desirable to send the remaining part of Catherwood's and McClurg's regiments and possibly some more of the troops now in the Central Division. I do not, however, with to diminish you force until you shall have had time to become acquainted with your new command and dispose of your troops so as to determine what can safely be spared.

Colonel Guitar's regiment is now at Jefferson City. It will probably be necessary to send a least a part of it across the river into Brown and Callaway Counties for a week or two. I presume General hall can take care of the northwest with the Enrolled Militia, with the assistance perhaps of a small number of the regular troops in the river counties, giving you the greater part, if not all, of the troops of your former command. Please give me your views on this subject.

I think it probable that the rebels in Arkansas may make an attempt at another raid like the late one of Coffee. Hence it will be necessary for a while at least to keep your troops in the western part of the division in pretty large bodies, and in condition to concentrate rapidly if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 26, 1862.

General TOTTEN,

Springfield:

I have ordered the Eighteenth Iowa Infantry and the remainder of Cole's battery to Springfield with the detachment of Philips' regiment. I want to avoid dividing batteries so much, and I think you will have as much cavalry as you can use to advantage. I will be able to sent you more infantry in a few days should it be necessary.

I have news via Helena that leads to the belief that the enemy's forces in Western Arkansas are not at all formidable. They will probably content themselves with raids like that of Coffee. Dispose your troops so as to prevent this if possible. I will give you force enough to move into Arkansas as soon as General Curtis' operations will justify it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, August 26, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

I have information from McBride at Batesville, who is concentrating all the bands in the southeast at that point. His force is 3,000, with six pieces of artillery. His men are dismounted as they arrive at White River.

District south of Forsyth is clear for 50 miles. There are 400 infantry and 200 mounted near Carrollton. There are two points of concentration, Batesville and Northwest Arkansas. I have not received an

