
suit; medical stores for three regiments and blankets for 3,000 men. He earnestly asks that you send these, or so much thereof as possible. I am satisfied that I state facts correctly. Colonel Aldrick is just in from the Sioux country and confirms the worst news.

JNO. G. NICOLAY.

SPRINGFIELD, August 27, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding:

I arrived last night. Troops came in to-day with horses and mules badly used up from casting shoes on the terribly rocky road. I find no horseshoes, and beg therefore that a large assortment of horse and mule shoes, as also nails, may be ordered forward without delay. There are a few mule shoes here, but none for horses. Send horseshoes sufficient for 6,000 at the earliest day. Please send me a good map of Arkansas by very next mail.

I shall communicate to-night on more important matters. There is a cloud rising in the south portending a very considerable concentration of the enemy, who are advancing northward. Scouts unknown to each other coming in all confirm these reports. They are reliable.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, August 27, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES CRAIG,

Fort Laramie:

You are authorized to raise 100 mounted men in the mountains and re-enlist the Utah troops for three months, as requested in your telegram received to-day. It is impossible to send you re-enforcements. You will hereafter report to Major-General Halleck, general-in-chief, for instructions when required from Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Major Champion Vaughan, of General Blunt's staff, has arrived at these headquarters with dispatches. General Blunt marched with 1,500 men from Fort Scott August 17, and followed the rebels as far north as Lone Jack. The enemy declined an engagement and commenced retreat. They were hotly pursued by General Blunt and driven in utter confusion across the Osage, with the loss of all transportation and equipments, besides numerous arms, prisoners, &amp;c. It is considered that the expedition saved the Missouri towns and the Western border from devastation, besides striking terror into the hearts of the enemy, as far as the Arkansas line. General Blunt's column returned to Fort Scott on the 22nd, and having marched nearly 300 miles in six days, Colonel Cloud was left to continue the pursuit, and it is not improbable that the main force of the rebels will be forced to surrender.

J. M. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

