
I give you the substance of all these reports, and desire to impress you with their reliability and importance. All our available organized force should be equipped and sent to me here with the utmost dispatch. The enemy will move rapidly north with their combined forces, and should be met at every point south of this. Send me the forces and I promise you I will do my duty. I wish to keep a strong corps of observation southward of this. Wright at present is too weak. The force at Mount Vernon should not be less than 5,000 men. The main army remaining here to move in that direction on the approach of the enemy. I shall send General Brown to command this corps of observation as soon as I can get re-enforcements to secure Springfield against secret raids.

I must urge you in the most forcible manner to press forward all the organized forces from the north and east. Be not deceived by any representations which may be made to you from other sources. Every nerve must be strained to meet the impending danger. Delay is ruin. I beg that Huston, Guitar, Catherwood, with as many other regiments from North Missouri, be sent without delay. Act promptly. It will not do to scatter our forces any longer. They must be massed. Blunt, from all I can gather, does not act combinedly with our forces. He should be under the general who commands in Missouri.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION OF MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August --, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel MARSH, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Herewith I have the honor to inclose, for the information of Brigadier-General Schofield, report constituting a portion of the information in my possession relative to the intentions of the enemy to invade Missouri with no inconsiderable force. The "Scout Numbers 1." mentioned was a brother of Colonel Philips, of the Seventh Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, just up from Texas, and for whom the colonel vouches as a shrewd, discerning man. It is evident that the designs of the enemy are serious, and that a much larger force is needed in this direction to successfully thwart them. Verbal information from various scouts here confirms the above intelligence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, August 30, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to Headquarters of the Army, for information of the General-in-Chief.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE IN THE FIELD,Neosho, August 23, 1862.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Southwest Division:

GENERAL: After diligent inquiry and an immense amount of labor by my scouts I have at last, I think, succeeded in ferreting out the plan of operations amongst the rebels for the coming winter.

