
SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 28, 1862.

Colonel McNEIL, Palmyra, Mo.:

It is impossible for me to send you troops from this direction. I will order General Loan to give you what help he can.

Do your best to strike the camp of rendezvous of the rebels and get their arms and ammunition.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 29, 1862.

Governor RAMSEY, Saint Paul, Minn.:

The War Department is not prepared at present to create a new military department in the West.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SPRINGFIELD, August 29, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

I am still of the opinion that no time should be lost in pushing forward all available re-enforcements to this point. It is the universal belief that a movement north is actually now in embryo, and that if we do not act promptly the rebels will get the advantage. Give me the men and I promise you there shall be no disaster; but above all things let these re-enforcements come to me thoroughly armed, equipped, and supplied with ammunition. I directed the quartermaster to-day to make requisition for 200 army transportation wagons, horses, and teams, including those already required before my arrival.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., August 29, 1862.

Colonel GLOVER:

Three hundred armed rebels from Arkansas crossed the Springfield road last night 7 miles south of this post, a big train being at that time en route to Lebanon. The detachment which I sent was too distant to reach them, but they are after them now. Our picket attacked their rear, captured some horses and guns, killed some, and made 3 prisoners, who claimed to be militia-men, which seems not to be the case. The rebels intend to cross the Missouri and join Poindexter. They are under command of Colonel Robert R. Lawther.

Please telegraph to Jefferson City.

ALBERT SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 43. Camp at Helena, Ark., August 29, 1862.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of the Army of the Southwest.

II. Captain J. W. Paddock is announced as assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

