
SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 30, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas troops are assembling in large numbers in Northwestern Arkansas, for the purpose of invading Missouri. This they are compelled to do for subsistence. I shall need re-enforcements as soon as they can be sent me.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 30, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Unless the emergency is very great we can send no more Illinois troops into Missouri at present. Colonel Callender will issue arms to the new regiments in your district on your approving the requisitions.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 30, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army:

COLONEL: I respectfully request of the general-in-chief authority to send beyond our lines certain rebel citizens of Missouri. There are in Saint Louis and some other parts of the State men of influence and wealth bitter enemies of the Government; do not even attempt to disguise their sympathy with the rebels, and yet too shrewd to commit any act for which they can be punished.

There exists among these men an extended conspiracy, a military organization, extending all over the State and embracing very large numbers of men.

Fortunately this conspiracy was discovered and, I believe, its objects defeated before they had time to secure any considerable amount of arms and ammunition. I have captured papers which enable me to discover somewhat of their plan of organization. It is such as to render it impossible to get any satisfactory or legal evidence against the leaders, yet they can be selected, many of them at least, with very little chance of error.

I am satisfied that the good of the State demands that these men be send down the river beyond our lines, and I respectfully request authority to send them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

HUDSON, August 30, 1862.

To General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Wirt, of Enrolled Militia of Knox and Adair, reports skirmish between 100 of Enrolled Militia of Knox and 80 guerrillas, under notorious Captain Ewing, routing the guerrillas, killing guerrilla leader Ewing, one of his officers (Robinson) wounded, and captured first lieu-

