
that vicinity, 10 on the north side and 7 on the south side of the river. They were discovered by Corporal McDonald, of Company B, who commanded a squad of 6 men from Companies B and K, who attacked them, killing 1, wounding 1, and capturing 8. Those on the south side of the river escaped, with the loss of one horse shot. We sustained no loss whatever. I have sent out small scouts daily, who returned without discovering an enemy. The whole country around us is comparatively quiet, so much so that no intelligence has been thoroughly scouted for 15 miles in every direction from this point. A great number of citizens are coming in daily to take the oath of allegiance and give bond when it is required.

This morning the steamer Silver Lake delivered 30,000 rations at this post. I found at the post subsistence for the command until the 1st of May and some 30 prisoners in the guard-house. I immediately ordered Captain Freeman, provost-marshal, to prepare the evidence against the most desperate characters, so that they might be sent with Lieutenant Jenks' command to Clinton. He did so, and 10 of them, with conclusive evidence of their guilt, were sent with him on Friday, the 26th instant. I adopted this course for a double purpose, viz: To relieve us from furnishing them subsistence when there was so little here; and, secondly, to have them at Clinton without detailing a special escort in time to add them to the installment you were about sending to Saint Louis.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. LEFFINGWELL,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Colonel FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Commanding Sub-District, Butler, Mo.

APRIL 26, 1862.-Skirmish at Neosho, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Colly B. Holland, Phelps' Missouri Infantry.

No. 2.-Major J. M. Hubbard, First Missouri Cavalry.

No. 3.-Colonel Douglas H. Cooper, First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment.

No. 4.-Colonel Stand Watie, Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles.

No. 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Colly B. Holland, Phelps' Missouri Infantry.

CASSVILLE, May 1, 1862.

Major Hubbard, commanding First Missouri Cavalry, with 146 of his men, fought and routed Colonels Coffee and Stand Watie and 200 Indians at Neosho on the 26th, killed and wounded 30, and took 62 prisoners and 70 horses and a large quantity of arms.

C. B. HOLLAND.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

