HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION, MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 1, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Scott, Kans.:

GENERAL: The enemy is undoubtedly concentrating his forces in the vicinity of Neosho, and from all the information I can collect of a reliable character his van is maneuvering in that region for an advance on this place either by the Cassville road or Mount Vernon.

I am convinced the enemy will come in force. I think he may be credited now with 15,000 men, besides others daily coming up to his support. I therefore write you to request most earnestly that you will oblige me by moving in this direction all the available force you can spare. I think the force you send to co-operate should come to Greenfield and there rest, ready to act as the future may render necessary. Let me know how far I may depend upon your co-operation, and also if you will move to Greenfield, as I suggest, and also when you may be expected there, so that I suggest, and also when you may be expected there, so that I may communicate with you there on your arrival or such commanding officer as you may send. Above all things let me know your determination in this matter as speedily as you possibly can.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-It is absolutely necessary that you move in this matter with all possible dispatch. There is not a moment to be lost. One day's delay may prove fatal.

SPRINGFIELD, September 1, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Wright writes 1,000 rebels, under Cockrell and Tracy, entered Newtonia yesterday morning; 400 remained; balance went to Big Spring, 5 miles toward Cassville (rear). It was rumored that column 10,000 or 12,000 strong was moving up, and that Rains, with 500 body guard, would reach Newtonia last night. Wright thinks the thousand are the advance of enemy. Be warned by this, and push forward the re-enforcements with all rapidity. There is no time to be lost.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Thee Eighteenth Iowa, Cole's battery, and the remnant of Philips' started from Sedalia Saturday morning; also a part of McClurg's regiment, with supply train. The remainder of McClurg's regiment will go soon. I have here several regiments of infantry, but in no condition to move. It will be several days before they can begin to go forward. I have no doubt of the truth of the stories about the movement from Texas, yet it can hardly be so far advanced as to threaten you at present. I believe your fore is quite sufficient to meet any that can be brought against you during the next two or three weeks; nevertheless I shall send forward re-enforcements as fast as I can get them equipped.

