
The rebels In Arkansas are very poorly armed; several thousand arms intended for them were captured a few days ago. Curtis has leave of absence, leaving Steele in command. I shall now look for a vigorous diversion in our favor. Do not be deceived by talk about the advance of a large force, which may be intended only to cover another raid like the late one of Coffee. The same big stories were told then and misled General Brown.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, September 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

I now propose, in view of re-enforcements promised by you, to push my advance under General Adams as far as Cassville, and ask General Blunt to co-operate, by occupying Pineville, McDonald County, and as soon afterward as practicable move to Bentonville. If General Blunt will co-operate in good faith with all his available forces, including loyal Indians, understood now to be encamped near the junction of Shoal Creek with Spring River, I feel assured good will result, and that we may check any further raids northward into Kansas or Missouri. What think you of this? My plan is to let Blunt's forces move along down toward Fort Smith, through the Indian Territory, within supporting distance of the advance of my forces, so far as it may be deemed advisable to move just now. In this way we will drive south the rebels from Missouri, check the hordes from Texas, and give confidence to the Union men in Northeast Arkansas, who seek anxiously to join the Federal Army. Please give me your views upon this matter, and if you agree, authorize me so to act as soon as I arrange the movement.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST MISSOURI DIVISION,Macon City, Mo., September 2, 1862.

Major CALDWELL:

You will dispose of the prisoners as below directed in each case. The execution will be by shooting to death, and I desire that it may be done publicly and with due form and solemnity, inasmuch as I wish the necessary effects produced without being compelled again to order an execution:

1st. John Gastemee, to be shot to death on Friday, the 5th of September, between the hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 3 o'clock p. m., at Mexico, Mo.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northeast Missouri Division.

2nd. William M. McFarland, to be shot to death on Friday, the 5th of September, between the hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 3 o'clock p. m., at Mexico, Mo.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northeast Missouri Division.

