
the maintenance of the Enrolled Militia and United States or State troops campaigning in the county.

2nd. A board of three or five (preferably five), to assess among the men who have given direct or indirect aid in the last raids the county's proportion of the damage sustained.

Should your duties or time permit I shall be glad at any time to have the benefit of your knowledge and experience in this part of the State to assist me in the discharge of my difficult duties.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, September 3, 1862.

Colonel BOYD, Greenville:

You are hereby assigned to the command of the troops and the direction of affairs in the counties of Wayne, Bollinger, Cape Girardeau, Scott, Stoddard, and Butler, headquarters at Greenville. A regiment will be sent you as early as practicable. Enroll the militia and keep up the patrols named in Orders, Numbers 17. Full orders will be sent you in writing.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

YANKTON, DAK., EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

September 3, 1862.

General JAMES G. BLUNT:

DEAR SIR: Colonel Holliday wrote to you fully yesterday in relation to our defenseless condition and in regard to our pressing military wants and necessities. Since the Indian outbreak and war in Minnesota and that attack upon our settlement at Sioux Falls and the murder of Judge Amidon and son and each day's news of additional butcheries of families in Southern and Western Minnesota, a general alarm pervades all our settlements. Family after family are leaving our Territory and whole settlements are about to be broken up. We must have immediate aid and assistance from you or else our Territory will be depopulated. I have ordered and enrolled all the militia of our Territory, but we are to a great extent without arms and ammunition-a few thousand people at the mercy of 50,000 Indians should they see proper to fall upon us. I hope you will at once send us 300 muskets, with an ample supply of ammunition.

I also most earnestly request that you will order three companies of cavalry to this Territory, to be stationed where they will afford the most protection to our people.

Beseeching you to take immediate steps for our protection, I remain, your obedient servant,

W. JAYNE,

Governor Dakota Territory.

P. S.-As our people are now building at three different points a blockhouse, I am most desirous that you would send me three 6-pounders, with a reasonable supply of ammunition.

