
FORT LARAMIE, WYO., September 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Just received a dispatch from J. M. Graham, assistant adjutant-general, Fort Leavenworth, ordering me to send a company of Kansas volunteers, to that post. This will leave me less than 40 for duty here; balance of my command scattered on mail and telegraph routes. Indians from Upper Missouri in large numbers near me. As General Blunt is understood to be in the field I have thought it but just to the service to ask you for orders in the premises. I will obey, of course, unless I hear from you soon, but fear the consequences.

JAS. CRAIG,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 5, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

It is represented that many disloyal persons residing at Saint Louis and elsewhere in your command are subject to the provision of the confiscation act and that it would be expedient to enforce against them the provisions of that act. You are instructed to enforce that act within your command, and will please send directions for that purpose to your provost-marshal.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HELENA, ARK., September 5, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: It is reported here that the extreme southeastern part of our State is filled with guerrillas. General McBride, it is said, has 6,000 men at Batesville. Colonel S. H. Boyd, Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, is in the vicinity of Greenville with about 2,000 men, so reported, but composed of odds and ends, destined for this army. Colonel boyd is not strong enough to advance.

It is apprehended if this army shall advance on Little Rock that McBride will march to the Mississippi River or to this point, thus placing himself in our rear and cutting off the line of supply of this army. Cannot Boyd be re-enforced and aid materially your operations in Missouri? McBride may intend a raid on Missouri. Indeed I think it probable he does, and he will be influenced in that direction by the fugitives from our State who have joined him.

Yours, respectfully,

JNO. S. PHELPS.
HEADQUARTERS,Neosho, September 5, 1862.

General JAMES G. BLUNT, Department Commander:

SIR: I have been in Neosho since Tuesday. I drove the enemy's outposts or scouts out of town, killing 3 and wounding 1, all of which I have already reported to you. The enemy occupy several camps south, southeast, and southwest of this. I expected an attack on three different nights and was prepared for them.

As they have female spies and other means of information, I have

