HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Near Warrensburg, September 5, 1862.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN LOAN:

GENERAL: I would respectfully report having scoured the country in all directions from 20 to 30 miles. Small squads of men are still roving around, committing some depredations, but I do not think any large body exists north of the Osage River. My scouts in to-day from Rose Hill and Harrisonville report that several squads had lately visited these places, but have committed no outrages. There seems to be an expectation of some formidable move in which they will one and all take part. I sent spies to Lone Jack, who report a number of wounded in and around that place. They state that while there some person of considerable notoriety was dying; the house was filled with people. I think the loyal militia can now hold this point and do all that is to be done at present. I would suggest that the company of Captain Berry, now at Sedalia, be transferred to this point. The men are principally from this county. This will constitute a battalion and will give them a head. I would also recommend Captain Houts to the command. He is an untiring man, and will make a good officer, and is by far the most competent of all.

Awaiting further orders, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding Station.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General CRAIG, Fort Laramie:

Retain the Kansas company at Fort Laramie and report this order to General Blunt.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, September 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: On consultation with the Secretary of War it is decided that you have power to remove from your lines all persons who endanger the public peace and safety. But this power should be sparingly exercised, as it is not good policy to increase the ranks of the enemy by sending South all their friends and sympathizers. Moreover, individuals should not be molested without good and satisfactory evidence that their presence in Saint Louis or Missouri is dangerous to the public safety. By acting in this view of the question no objection is seen to your exercising the power mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MADISON, WIS., September 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have just received the following dispatch from Minnesota:

SAINT PAUL, September 6, 1862.

The Indian was assumes daily greater proportions. Our people are massacred be-

