
[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN 'S OFFICE, Numbers 128. Washington, D. C., September 7, 1862.

The following orders are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 6, 1862.

Ordered, That the Department of the Northwest, including the States of Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, the Territories of Nebraska and Dakota, with the troops raised and to be raised in that department, be, and they are hereby, placed under the command of Major-General Pope, who will proceed forthwith to his command, establishing his headquarters at Saint Paul, Minn.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 8, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: There is on the border of our State an armed band of negroes threatening an invasion of the State, and particularly the counties of Clay and Jackson. In view of the uneasiness felt by our citizens, and to secure peace between Kansas and Missouri, the undersigned have come to this city to confer with the government of the State in reference to this matter, and now beg leave also to address Your Excellency, and respectfully and earnestly to ask of you an order to have these negroes disbanded and their arms taken from them, and a further order to put a stop to such things in future. We are loyal Union men, determined at all hazards to uphold the integrity of the Union and to oppose all its enemies, and can assure on that were it not for the threats of Lane, Jennison, and others to invade us, to despoil us of our property, to burn our towns and dwellings, murder our citizens, and run off our negroes, we would be comparatively at peace. At this time we know of no bands of Confederate guerrillas in any part of the State in larger squads than 50 to 100 men, and there are but few of these; none, as we believe, in either Clay or Jackson Counties; whilst our loyal militia are organizing in sufficient numbers to drive them all out of the State or kill them and to keep the State clear of rebels. We greatly fear, Mr. President, that unless these negro brigades and regiments are disbanded and disarmed, and those men who have been instrumental in organizing them are severely dealt with by the Government, the most serious difficulties will take place between Missouri and Kansas-two loyal States-the end of which no man can see. The officer in command of the Department of Kansas should be instructed not to suffer the arming or enrollment of negroes for any such purpose, and if he is not willing to execute such an order a new commander should be put in his place. We are aware that it is contrary to your orders, as we believe it is against your wishes, to arm negroes and have them clothed in the uniform of soldiers, and we beg to assure you that whilst our people are fast returning to their loyalty such irritating causes as we have alluded to are a terrible burden upon the loyal men. We

