
pray you, Mr. President, to give these matters your instant attention, and assure you of our very high regard.

EDWARD M. SAMUEL,

Clay County, Missouri.

M. J. PAYNE,

Jackson County.

PATRICK SHANNON,

Jackson County, Captain Mo. S. M.

FRANCIS FOSTER, P. M.,

Jackson County.

E. R. THRELKELD,

Jackson County.

JOSEPH O. BOGGS.

Statement of Edward M. Samuel, of Liberty, Clay County, Missouri.

SAINT LOUIS, September 8, 1862.

About 15 days ago some 15 persons from the State of Kansas-white men-under the command of a man calling himself Jeff. Davis, but whose real name is said to be Swain, and who is reported as a desperately bad man, came into the county of Clay, as Swain said, to "recruit negroes for General Lane's negro brigade." They took forcible possession of some 25 negro men and about 40 horses from persons indiscriminately, and started to cross the Missouri River with them over into Kansas. Hearing of it, Captain Johns, one of the Missouri State Militia, then in command at Liberty, sent out about 50 men to capture or shoot the men and retake the negroes and horses. His company of militia succeeded in capturing 8 of the jayhawkers and recovered all the negroes and horses. The jayhawkers were lodged in the jail at Liberty, where they were when I left home, on the 4th. A day or two afterward a white man presented to the officials at Liberty a written demand for the release of these 8 jayhawkers, signed by Colonel Jennison, with a threat that he "would hold the county responsible if they were not released and given up." The demand of course was refused. The Enrolled Militia of Clay County are sworn into the service of the State, and sworn to fight all the enemies of the State, domestic or foreign, and surely these jayhawkers are enemies. Our people desire to live in peace with the people of Kansas, and I am sure that good feeling and peace between the two States would soon be universal if it were not for these raids by unauthorized bands upon the persons and property of citizens of Missouri, and especially if the Government of the United States would put an effectual stop to the career of "negro stealers" and those who threaten to arm them, and come into Missouri to steal other negroes and lay waste our property and take our lives.

EDWARD M. SAMUEL.

For my loyalty and character as a citizens I refer you to Honorable Edward Bates, Attorney-General United States; General S. D. Sturgis, and Major W. E. Prince, U. S. Army.

EDWARD M. SAMUEL.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 8, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT, Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Fort Scott:

GENERAL: Your letter, dated at Fort Scott, August 26, was received

