
No. 2. Report of Major J. M. Hubbard, First Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MISSOURI CAVALRY,Cassville, Mo., May 2, 1862.

GENERAL: In the hurried report* I made to Lieutenant-Colonel Holland, commanding the post, on the 29th ultimo, of the late expedition I had the honor to command, I omitted to bring to your favorable consideration the names of Lieutenant Burrows, commanding Company L, and Lieutenant Williams, commanding Company B, who by their pre-eminent bravery on different occasions were worthy of special mention in the official report.

The promptness exhibited by Lieutenant Burrows in rallying Companies L and H, and the vigor with which he charged home upon the Indians, who attacked the rear of my camp at Neosho at dawn of the 26th ultimo, entitle him to the most favorable mention.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. HUBBARD,

Commanding First Battalion First Missouri Cavalry.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest, in the Field.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Douglas H. Cooper, First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, INDIAN DEPARTMENT,Skullyville, Ark., May 6, 1862.

GENERAL: I have to inclose Colonel Stand Watie's official report of an engagement between a small party of his regiment and about 300 Federal troops near Neosho, Mo., which resulted in our favor and the retreat of the Federals.

Too much praise cannot be awarded Colonel Stand Watie and his brave men for their ceaseless vigilance on the northern line of the Cherokee Nation and their gallantry in attacking and routing a superior force of regular, well-drilled Federal troops.

Three prisoners are also sent under guard to headquarters, two of them prisoners of war and the third a citizen of Missouri, residing near Neosho, who is accused on having given aid and comfort to the enemy.

The C. and C. Regiment [Choctaw and Chickasaw?] will not be able to march until day after to-morrow, the wagons not being all repaired as yet.

I am, general, very respectfully,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE,

Fort McCulloch, Cherokee Nation, Ind. T.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

