
several days ago. I have delayed answering it in expectation of instructions from Washington, but not having received them as yet, I will not longer delay my answer to your letter.

I shall be able in a short time by the aid of the militia force that I am organizing to withdraw the larger part of my troops from the protection of the interior of Missouri, and will then be ready to move, as you suggest, into Arkansas.

As our movements must depend in a great measure upon those of General Steele's forces from Helena I have written to him on the subject and will doubtless soon have the necessary knowledge of his plans to enable us to act in concert with him.

It is important during our preparations for a general advance to prevent another raid like the late one of Coffee and others. For this purpose I would suggest that you occupy with as strong a force as you can spare for the purpose and advanced position in Southwestern Missouri and within co-operating distance of General Totten's most western position.

General Totten is now in command of all the troops in Southwestern Missouri.

I will write you again as soon as I can give you more definite information as to future movements in Missouri and Arkansas.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

DES MOINES, September 8, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have reliable information that Yankton Indians on our western border, north of the Missouri River, have joined with the hostile Indians in Minnesota, and threaten our whole northwestern frontier. The settlers are flying by hundreds. I have ordered out 500 mounted men. We lack arms and equipments, and must have them. I beg you will order General Harney to Sioux City to take command and put down this outbreak. There is a regiment of infantry at this place armed and equipped for United States service, except tents. They had better be sent to the border to operate there under Harney, but must have tents. The danger is imminent, and nothing but prompt action can stop the terrible massacre. General Harney is just the man we need for this service. Another regiment of infantry is organizing at Council Bluffs. This regiment could be mounted and armed at once; it would be better than to send the infantry. Something must be done at once.

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., September 8, 1862-10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

A messenger is just in from Fort Abercrombie, who left there only on Saturday evening, at 10 p. m., less than forty-eighth horse. Sioux Indians, several hundred strong, had made several attacks upon the fort with its 80 men. A hundred women and children in the fort. I have four companies of infantry on the way. If you could send us a regiment of cavalry, to be here in less than a week, this business would soon be settled.

ALEX. RAMSEY.

