
tember 2, which states that Poindexter, the notorious rebel leader of guerrilla bands in Missouri, was caught last night, &amp;c. He is condemned, and as a spy will suffer death.

Your attention is directed to the sentence which I have italicized in the above extract, and information is asked as to the truth of the statements therein made; also whether these men termed "guerrillas" are to be put to death when made prisoners or treated as prisoners of war? I ask also to be informed whether your Government approves the conduct of one Chrysop, of the Missouri State Militia or acting with it, who lately murdered a Confederate soldier acting as hospital attendant at Berryville, Carroll County, Ark., the murdered man being at the time unarmed and the hospital flag in plain view above him. One Captain Gillespie, U. S. Army, commanded the Federal party at the time.

Information is likewise asked whether or not your Government approves the conduct of your Indian auxiliaries, who now infest the border counties of Missouri and Arkansas and the Cherokee country, and have in many instances murdered and scalped aged and unarmed citizens, having no connection with the army, ravished and inflicted stripes upon women, burned houses, and committed other enormities.

Abundant proof of the facts stated can be obtained if you desire.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Carthage, September 11, 1862.

COMMANDER OF UNITED STATES FORCES, Sarcoxie:

Authentic intelligence has reached me that the enemy have commenced their movement northward, having already caused the portion of my command at Neosho to fall back. I sent at midnight last night a small cavalry force-all I could spare-to relieve them, and together attack that portion of the enemy coming up west of Neosho. What their designs are (rather how extensive) I do not know. Perhaps they only intend to capture my Indians at Neosho. I am, however, preparing for an attack, and would most earnestly urge you to remain at Sarcoxie, and send scouting parties westward until I can receive intelligence from my command, which has gone to attack the enemy.

Please communicate this to General Brown, and I am convinced he will order your detention at Sarcoxie. My cavalry being nearly all away I am to scour the country for intelligence, and must rely upon you to post me if the enemy should attempt to get eastward of me. Please communicate with me frequently and I will do the same to you.

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your Special Orders, Numbers 623, I marched at 8 o'clock p. m., 5th instant, with Companies B and G, Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, numbering 85 men in the aggregate.

On the 6th I was joined by Captain Phillips (35), Captain Redfern

