
(36) Captain Morgan (35), Captain Small (65), Captain Simmons (30), all Enrolled Militia, numbering 201 men, giving me a total aggregate of 286 men; afterward increased by Captain Smith's command, numbering 44 men; making 330.

At 11 o'clock p. m., 6th instant, I marched for the head of Horse Creek with the entire command above reported. Along the whole route I kept out advance and flanking parties. Arrived at Waggoner's (head of Horse Creek, Barton County) at 12 m. 7th instant; found numerous signs of rebel guerrilla parties. For about five hours we were constantly chasing gangs of bushwhackers, varying in numbers from 4 to 25. Camped on Horse Creek.

8th.-Left camp at 4 o'clock a. m. Divided the force and scouted both the Cedar Creek and Horse Creek country thoroughly, arriving at Stockton at 6 o'clock p. m.; said until 2 o'clock a. m.

9th.-Started south, scouring both creeks, arriving at Greenfield 5 o'clock p. m.

10th.-Left Greenfield 4 o'clock a. m. At Pemberton Mills dismissed all of Enrolled Militia to return to their respective precincts, and came to Springfield, arriving in camp at 1.30 o'clock a. m. (11th), making in all a march estimated at 250 miles at least. During the expedition I know that 11 bushwhackers were killed and several wounded. There is a considerable force of guerrillas (say 200 or 250) on the two creeks (Horse and Cedar), who are scattered over a large area of country in small squads. The extreme density of the growth of brush in the timber makes it impenetrable to a stranger. I would respectfully suggest the only way in which they can be removed, viz, to send a force there for the purpose of staying until they are exterminated, taking provisions upon which to subsist, as the country affords nothing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. COLLINS,

Major Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

General TOTTEN,

Commanding Southwest Division of Missouri, Springfield, Mo.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Numbers 19. Saint Louis, September 11, 1862.

I. In compliance with orders from the honorable Secretary of War, the provost-marshal-general of the District of Missouri will proceed without delay to carry into effect the provisions of the act of Congress, approved July 17, 1862, and entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes," so far as the provisions of said act are subject to be carried into effect by the military authorities of the United States in the District of Missouri.

II. Property seized in pursuance of section 5 of said act will be reported to the United States district attorney for the district in which it may, or may first be, brought for condemnation and sale, as provided in section 7 of said act.

III. Inasmuch as the conviction or the establishment of the guilt of the owners of the property so seized before a court of competent jurisdiction is by the act of Congress aforesaid made the condition of the condemnation and sale thereof, the provost-marshal-general is hereby ordered to transmit at the same time to such United States attorney a

