
list of the witnesses by whose evidence the guilt of such owners has been made to appear to him.

IV. Whenever an inquiry into the guilt of any person supposed to have violated the act of Congress aforesaid shall be made by the provost-marshal-general the testimony of the witnesses examined shall take the form of affidavits, and be by them subscribed and sworn to before the provost-marshal-general, and all such affidavits shall be preserved by him on file in his office.

V. The provost-marshal-general will in no case suspend the payment of any indebtedness which may be part of the credits of any person violating the provisions of the act of Congress aforesaid, but all such indebtedness will be paid provisionally to the credit of the suit instituted against the person prosecuted or the property libeled in a court of competent jurisdiction, and will abide the final judgment of said court.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENTON, MO., September 12, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Following just received:

SHELBINA, MO., September 12, 1862.

General MERRILL:

The rebels were in Palmyra this morning; they say about 500 strong. They had taken Colonel Lipscomb prisoner and 7 others; also taken the telegraph instruments, and cut the wires west of Palmyra, between Palmyra and the junction. We see squads of 40 and 50 in different parts of town. They were shooting lively. As train Numbers 4 passed Palmyra they fired into it. They had taken possession of the Quincy train engine. There is a part of militia company from Hannibal at Palmyra; from firing suppose they are doing their best.

CHARLES MOORE, Conductor.

Smart's men should have been up on that vicinity some days since, but did not order them because paymaster had just reached them. He is not done paying them.

I can get no messenger through to Hannibal. Can you send orders to Colonel Hayward to send all he can spare from Hannibal to their assistance? I have 300 Saint Charles County militia. Left Wentzville this morning for Paris, and will start Smart just as soon as he can get off. Cannot tell exactly where McNeil is, but it is rumored that he had a fight with Porter on Monday near Newark. The paymaster's delay has nearly ruined me, but think I can catch Porter yet. There was nothing at Palmyra except a few prisoners and a small guard. The larger part of the prisoners were sent to Hannibal for safety a few days since, and they can do no mischief except plunder one or two Union men; all that the town contains. Have had to come down here to straighten out Brockmeyer. Have finally got him, and will keep him. Brought Lieutenant-Colonel Morsey with me from Mexico, and will keep him here until he gets this matter straightened out. Brockmeyer has done a great deal of mischief, but think Morsey can manage it now I have Brockmeyer out of the way.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

40 R R-VOL XIII

