
STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Topeka, September 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Owing to the threatening attitude of the Indians and guerrillas on our border I have taken steps for the reorganization of the State Militia, as will be seen by inclosed proclamation.

Our State is nearly destitute of arms and equipments, and no appropriation has been made for the purchase of arms. If, therefore, the Government would furnish 5,000 stand for the use of the State Militia, either as a loan or gift, they would be ready for use whenever needed for the defense of the State.

Without this assistance a large force of volunteers may be necessary for our protection.

Your early attention to this matter is respectfully solicited.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kansas.

PROCLAMATION.

FELLOW-CITIZENS OF KANSAS:

The rebellion inaugurated for the overthrow of the Government seems more formidable than ever. The rebels have largely increased in numbers and hostility, having, after more than a year's struggle, returned to the capital of the nation, threatening its capture or destruction, while foreign intervention is imminent, and the cause of the war remains intact. Under present circumstances it is impossible to foretell the result either to the nation or our own State.

On our northwestern, western, and southern borders are large numbers of Indians said to be unusually restive and threatening, while on the east are numerous bands of rebels liable at any time to invade our State.

One-half of the Enrolled Militia of the State have entered the United States service, leaving their families to the protection of those who remain.

In view of these consideration it becomes the duty of every citizen of Kansas able to bear arms to qualify himself for the duties of a soldier and to be in a condition to defend the National and State Governments from foes of every description.

The large-number of enlistments into the service of the United States had destroyed the organization of the volunteer militia effected one year ago, making a reorganization necessary.

Therefore all the volunteer companies still retaining their organization with 40 men or over will report at once to the Adjutant-General their roll, with the number and kind of arms, if any.

All able-bodied citizens not connected with a volunteer company are requested to organize themselves in accordance with the militia law, and report their organizations to the Adjutant-General without delay, who will forward commissions.

As soon as the organization of the companies shall have been completed throughout the State a regimental and brigade reorganization will be effected.

It is recommended that each company meet for drill on Saturday of each week.

