
Application will be made to the War Department for arms, and, if successful, they will be furnished to the companies complying with the provisions of the law.

According to advices from Washington no more volunteers have been called for, and no drafting will be had in this State.

Our Government, State and National, is in danger. Republican institutions for all time and all lands are trembling in the balance, and it becomes every citizens of Kansas to be prepared to do his duty, and do it well, at a moment's warning.

Done at Topeka this 7th day of September, A. D. 1862.

C. ROBINSON.

By the Governor:

S. R. SHEPHERD,

Secretary of State.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General STEELE,

Helena, Ark., via Cairo, Ill.:

Report by telegram what your army is doing. It was supposed that it was in the field co-operating with the troops in Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., September 13, 1862.

Brigadier-General STEELE,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Helena:

GENERAL: From the best information I can get the rebel forces in Arkansas are moving with a view to invade Missouri. I see it stated in the papers that a portion of your force has been sent to Kentucky. If this is true, I suppose the advance to Little Rock is abandoned for the present, and an attempt to invade Missouri will be made as a matter of course, if it is not already begun.

It is extremely important for me to know how this matter is, and I hope you will give me all the information you have and as much of your plans as will enable me to act understandingly.

If I am to defend Missouri without any co-operation from your force it will require a much larger number of troops than I now have or am likely to get very soon. Indeed it is not at all probable that I shall be able to prevent a large part of the State from being again overrun, leaving us under the necessity of making our last year's campaign over again.

Please let me hear from you on this subject as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, DIVISION, September 13, 1862-9 p. m.

Colonel BOYD, Greenville:

Don't move from Greenville. Remain where you are. Draw in the

