
No. 4. Report of Colonel Stand Watie, Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles.

CAMP ON COWSKIN PRAIRIE, ARK.,

April 27, 1862.

SIR: I received information on the 25th instant of the advance of a body of the Federals, supposed to number 200, upon Elk Mills, 1 mile north of this. I immediately started with a command of 40 men to ascertain the correctness of this report. Finding it true, I deemed it advisable to wait until the 25th for re-enforcements before bringing on an attack.

On the 25th the enemy retreated to Neosho, we pursuing, having been re-enforced by about 100 of my regiment and about 60 independent Missourians, commanded by Colonel J. T. Coffee, Missouri State Guard.

I decided to attack them at two points on the morning of the 26th. Dismounting the men about 2 miles off, I advanced with about 125 men, surprising their pickets and killing, besides, at least 30, and 11 of these officers.

Not being supported as we expected by the Missourians, under Colonel Coffee, at the other point, and having discharged our pieces, it was thought best to draw off our forces, with a loss of 2 killed and 5 slightly wounded.

Their total strength was 300; their loss, 31 killed, 3 taken prisoners, and several wounded.

We skirmished with them all day until 3 p.m., when we took up our line of march for this point.

My opinion, in short, is, we were fighting with our small party over 300 United States soldiers, well drilled, armed mostly with Colt's six-shooting rifles, and supported by a brass 6-pounder. Their not leaving until night is evidence, I think, that they were roughly handled. Their return to Neosho after receiving re-enforcements was to make a show, for they must before that have learned that we had left. I think they will not make a further advance, at least for the present.

I remain, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

STAND WATIE,

Colonel, Commanding Cherokee Regiment, C. S. Army.

Per J. F. THOMPSON,

Captain Company E.

Colonel D. H. COOPER.

APRIL -, 1862.-Scouts on the Marias-des-Cygnes and Elk Fork Rivers, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Totten.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that communications from Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, First Iowa Cavalry, commanding Sub-District of Bates, Henry, Saint Clair, and Vernon Counties, headquarters at Butler, have been received,* announcing result of two scouts under Captains

---------------

*See Warren to Barnes, April 12, in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

