
troops from Fredericktown and Patterson and concentrate at Greenville. Keep scouts well to the front. There are plenty of troops now at the Cape-upwards of 600 men.

Simpson reports to you at Greenville to-day. There will be 1,000 troops at the Knob in all to-day; I can only give you general plan. Hold on to Greenville for the present, and fall back, if forced to do so, upon the Knob. Send the officer who was surprised at Bloomfield to me in close arrest.

J. W. DAVIDSON.

Commanding officer at the Knob send this immediately by fast express to Colonel Boyd if the line is down from the Knob.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 28. In the Field, September 13, 1862.

I. Brigadier-General Salomon will upon the receipt of this order march immediately with all the available force under his command, except Blair's battery and such of the Second Ohio Cavalry as are dismounted, and proceed to Lamar, Mo., keeping up communication with Colonel Weer in the vicinity of Carthage, advising him of your (General Salomon's) locality. As Colonel Weer's advance has had an engagement with the enemy, and are falling back for support, your movements are expected to be prompt and active.

II. Colonel Ritchie, Second Indian Regiment, will immediately on receipt of this order release from arrest and restore to duty First Lieutenant Joel Moody, Company H, Second Regiment Indian Home Guards; also release from arrest citizen-prisoner Rev. Gilbert Bishop, and provide him with a pass through our lines.

III. Colonel W. F. Cloud, commanding Third Brigade, will immediately, upon the receipt of this order, march with all the available force under his command.

IV. You will move by the most direct practicable route to the vicinity of Baxter Springs, keeping open communication on your left flank with Colonel Weer, whose advance had an engagement with the enemy near Neosho and are falling back toward Carthage for support. Your movements beyond Baxter Springs must be governed by the locality and movements of the enemy. You will support General Salomon and Colonel Weer if the enemy are moving against them in force and they require your assistance; otherwise you will move your command south, and, if possible, clear out and hold the Indian country as far as the Arkansas River, giving to the loyal Indian the assurance that they will be protected and the refugees now in Kansas returned to their homes.

V. You will frequently communicate with these headquarters your locality and movements; also all information you may obtain relative to the enemy.

* * * * *

By order of General Blunt:

J. FIN HILL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

