
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS IN CAMP,September 13, 1862.

To those of the Half-Breeds and Sioux Indians who have not been concerned in the murder and outrages upon the white settlers:

I write a few lines by Simon to say to you that I have not come into this upper country to injure any innocent person, but to punish those who have committed the cruel murders upon innocent men, women, and children. If, therefore, you wish to withdraw from these guilty people, you must, when you see my troops approaching, take up a separate position and hoist a flag of truce and send a small party to me when I hoist a flag of truce in answer, and I will then take you under my protection.

Given under my hand in camp the day and year above written.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Military Expedition.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I am satisfied that the main body of the rebel army in Arkansas is moving into Southwestern Missouri. No move having been made from Helena, the force at that point seems to be disregarded by the enemy. I can got no valuable assistance from General Blunt. I expect to go to Springfield in a few days. Shall have there from 10,000 to 12,000 men.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 14, 1862.

General BLUNT, Leavenworth:

The enemy is advancing in large force with the evident design of attacking Springfield. I request you to send as large a force as you can spare of infantry and artillery to that place to report to General Totten, unless you will join him with your command. Please answer.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., September 14, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT, Fort Scott, Kans.:

GENERAL: As I wrote you on the 1st instant, the enemy is now advancing and has compelled our forces at Mount Vernon to retire in this direction.

I have now the honor most earnestly to repeat my request of that date. I hope it will receive your immediate attention. There is no occasion to think that the force of the enemy was overestimated, but the contrary. They have now received additions and are again moving northward. We must combine our forces and act in concert.

In one body we can thrash the whole damned rabble, but divided we

