
have probably a serious and difficult task. I care only for the interests of the service. Communicate your wishes, plans, and orders and I am with you heart and soul, provided we are not to fall back beyond the posts we now occupy. Our movements must be forwarded, but first we must concentrate our forces and have one army with one head, and that head must determine to act upon the offensive or we shall fail.

I respectfully submit these propositions and ask your co-operation or your plans, or your orders, or anything to learn your wishes; but be sure to assist me now if you possibly can. The present movement is against this position. As your command at Carthage is within my division, I have ordered them to this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 14, 1862.

General TOTTEN:

General Herron, with four full regiments, well armed and equipped, will start from Rolla to-morrow with orders to march rapidly to Springfield. I have also ordered Huston's and Warren's regiments to join you by forced marched. I hope they will be able to start immediately. This will increase your force by at least 5,000 men. I think they must reach you in time, but if your information is correct you will probably have to meet the enemy before I can get any more troops to you. It will probably be a week before the next new regiment can start from Rolla.

You are right to be cautious about being drawn away from Springfield and thus exposing it. If, however, you can make a temporary advance without danger you may thereby retard the advance of the enemy and gain time for re-enforcements to reach you. This I think worthy of your consideration. If you can get hold of Blunt's troops in the way you propose, all right.t It seems the only way in which they can be made useful. I have referred the whole matter to General Halleck, but have got no answer yet.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,September 14, 1862.

COMMANDER OF UNITED STATES FORCES,

At Sarcoxie and Newtonia:

Since my last to you I have received orders from Headquarters Department of Kansas to co-operate with the United States forces at Mount Vernon if desired. As you form part of them I send this letter open to you, and desire that you forward it to Mount Vernon and thence to General Totten, with whom I am ordered to communicate. I have taken such steps as will concentrate my command, including Indians, who are most excellent skirmishers and bushwhackers, and in two or three days I will be ready to move as may be desired by the commanding officer Missouri troops.

I have had large parties south and southwest; some have entered Neosho. All accounts represent the enemy at Pineville. There is a continual passage of them north and southeast of this. I will send a

