
ton of the Third Regiment has joined me, under Major Welch, composed of 270 men only. But these are valuable in consequence of their having seen more or less service in the field.

The lack of mounted men will tell badly upon the results of the expedition should the Indians determine rather to escape than to fight. I have given the impression to the Indians, through the bearers of the flags of truce, that I shall march upon this side; but I am meanwhile repairing the ferry-boat, so as to cross at this point, and you will then be relieved of all well-grounded apprehensions of attack by the Indians, even in small parties, along the whole line. I am quite well satisfied that the small parties have all returned to the main camp. I think you are so well prepared to receive any straggling parties that the people can safely return to their farms.

I send what I can spare of the ammunition you ask for. My supply is short for an advance into a region where I cannot replenish my cartridge boxes, and you must do with what I dispatch for your use until you can receive a further supply from below. The disposition of your forces is very judicious. The company of Captain Rogers, at New Ulm, is one of the best I have, both in men and arms, and I am very loth to leave them behind; but in deference to your judgment I will leave them where they are.

Be good enough to communicate with me as often as you have opportunity, and when you can furnish a copy of a late paper it will be thankfully received.

Hoping that our joint efforts will enable us to bring matters to successful conclusion and rid the State of the fiends in human shape who have desolated so much of the frontier, believe me, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Military Expedition.

STATE OF IOWA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Council Bluffs, Iowa, September 15, 1862.

Honorable SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD, Iowa City:

SIR: I returned last evening from Sioux City, and will briefly report what has been done by me and the condition of affairs at that Point. Upon the receipt of the letters received be me on the 14th, copies of which I sent you that day, I at once ordered the company at Magnolia, which had been raised for the Twenty-ninth, to proceed too Sioux City, and sent them arms that night. The next day I ordered the two companies in Camp Dodge to Sioux City. The Harrison City Monday night, 85 miles; the two companies from Camp Dodge left there Monday noon and reached Sioux City Friday at 7 a. m. I reached Sioux City myself Thursday night, having left the battalion at Sargent's Bluffs.

Upon my arrival at Sioux City I found the immediate danger to have been exaggerated, but the alarm was wide-spread and deeply seated. The sober-minded ones, however, were doing everything to calm the excited ones and to stop the stampede. I found the road this side of Sioux City lined with families leaving, and in such terror as to preclude getting any reliable information. They were all bound to get away from the Indians. I tried to reason with them, but generally without success, for southward they must go.

