
Chase and Caldwell. The former brought 15 prisoners, some of them very bad men; the latter, assisted by Captain Leffingwell's company, from Clinton, 34 prisoners. One of the jayhawkers was killed by a rifle-shot in attempting an escape. One of our men was captured, but retaken, after being robbed of horse, saddle, arms, and clothes, except shirt and drawers. Most of these men are of the worst, and ought to be shot or hung. The whole wooded country of the Marias-des-Cygnes, Osage, and their tributaries is full of them. These scouts took place on the Marias-des-Cygnes and Elk Fort Rivers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

MAY 3, 1862.-Skirmish at Batesville, Ark.

Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Batesville, May 4, 1862.

We arrived here yesterday, 3rd instant, at 5 o'clock a.m. Enemy in force on the other side of the river, under Coleman, and fired on our pickets. We returned it with artillery, and drove them from the neighborhood. Several of the enemy were seen to be carried from the field. One man wounded on our side. We have taken a number of prisoners and some hundred stand of arms and considerable contraband property. Our advanced cavalry will have reached Jacksonport this morning.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 10, 1862.-Skirmish near Bloomfield, Mo.

Report of Colonel Edward Daniels, First Wisconsin Cavalry.

BLOOMFIELD, May 13, 1862.

Left Girardeau Friday, May 9, with six squadrons of my regiment for Bloomfield. Arrived Saturday 5 p.m. Fell upon Colonel Pheelan's main camp, 10 miles out, Sunday morning early. The enemy fled and scattered through the swamp. Killed 1, captured 11 prisoners, a quantity of horses, oxen, camp equipage, arms, and ammunition, the horses of Colonel Pheelan and two lieutenants. His chest, with all his papers and books, fell into our hands. There were four companies. We are picking them up hourly. Enemy in force of 600 at Chalk Bluff and Poplar Bluff. They are impressing every able-bodied man, and sweeping all the horses, cattle, and supplies south. I shall follow them at

