
mustered, to relieve the three companies from there, as we should need them here to muster. I learn since my return that none of them are to be raised at present. The 300 should return here within ten days at farthest, or it will delay the whole regiment; still I do not like to take the responsibility of ordering them back here until some others take their places, as a stampede is nearly as bad as Indian stealing.

In regard to future danger, from the most reliable sources I am forced to believe that a general Indian war is meditated at least, and unless Government sends a force into this section I believe three regiments instead of three companies will not be any too many at Sioux City; but the time is not yet.

I saw, while at Sioux City, Captain Lu Barje, who had just returned with his boat from the Upper Missouri. Captain Lu Barje has been in the American Fur Company's employment for twenty-five years, and says that never before this trip have the Indians been unusually hostile. He says the whole Sioux Nation is bound for a war of extermination against the frontier, but says they will not come to Sioux City, but go down by Forts Laramie and Kearny and beyond. Captain Lu Barje says that the British Government, through the Hudson Bay Company, are in his opinion instigating all these Indians to attack the whites. He says British rum, from Red River, comes over onto the Missouri River, and British traders are among them continually. I have great confidence in his judgment and opinion. He says there are at present no Indians within 300 miles of Sioux City on the Missouri River, but that Government must send a force and punish these Minnesota Indians, or the whole western frontier from Saint Paul to New Mexico will be attacked, but if those are punished he thinks the rest will be all good Indians and no danger.

In conclusion will you advise me by telegraph at once, if possible, what I shall do with the battalion of the Twenty-ninth now at Sioux City? The balance of the regiment will probably be here within ten days at most. Shall I order them back before other troops are placed at Sioux City, and, if not, when will this be? Perhaps one company at Sioux City will be enough, and if now new alarm is created it may do to recall these without any others taking their places. I think those now there had better remain until some permanent arrangement is made, if any is to be made, such as sending any portion of the five companies of cavalry there. One company is now raising in Woodbury and one in Harrison for this service. Are these to be mustered into State service, and when, and for how long? And this reminds me, Judge Hubbard wishes me to write or telegraph in regard to putting up hay should be attended to at once. There has been one frost now and it will soon be too late.

Will you instruct me what to say to him or advise him directly?

Your obedient servant,

H. C. NUTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

In order to avoid the difficulty about the parole of the Twenty-fifth Missouri Volunteers (late Thirteenth), it is proposed to send it to the

