
North against the Indians. If there be no serious objection to this, transfer it to General Pope's command. Answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C. September 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: Yours of the 11th received. It is impossible to appoint General Totten with the rank you suggest. A reappointment may date back to original appointment, but a new appointment cannot go back of July 17, when Congress adjourned. The question of rank was raised here and so decided by the Government before I came here.

Communicate with General Steele and endeavor to arrange some system of co-operation with your forces. I have heard from him but once in a long time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, September 16, 1862.

General JAMES H. LANE:

SIR: I must urge upon you too send all of the recruits that can be furnished with any kind of arms to this post by forced marches. In this matter there must be no delay. Dispatches just arrived from General Totten, at Springfield, inform me that the enemy have concentrated and are advancing, 15,000 strong, upon that place. His advance has been compelled to fall back upon the main force at Springfield. He says he has requested General Salomon at Lamar and Weer at Carthage to unite with his force. I am looking hourly for dispatches from them. General Totten is earnest in his appeal for help. It is probable that on receiving dispatches from General Salomon and Colonel Weer I shall leave hereto to join the command, and cannot afford to leave but a small force at this post for its protection; hence the necessity for hurrying up the troops.

All reliable information from scouts and spies who have been inside the enemy's lines is that they intend to concentrate their force and defeat Totten and then make a demonstration against my command, but I am in hopes that by making rapid movements and uniting our forces we will be able to disappoint them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, September 16, 1862-5.30 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Captain Howland has returned from his reconnaissance. Reports the enemy in large force in Oregon County, Missouri, under General Parsons; at Birch Tree, in Shannon County, three regiments, 2,500 men,

41 R R-VOL XIII

