
under Colonel White and others. Ran into their advance, killed 2 and wounding several. We lost none. Parsons was advancing; what his destination is can't tell; think he designs an advance on either Springfield or Rolla. The cavalry are still at Salem, making obstructions. Captain Howland will return in the morning.

J. M. GLOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 1. Saint Paul, Minn., September 16, 1862.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 128, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, September 7, 1862, the undersigned assumes command of all troops raised, or to be raised, within the limits of this department, immediate returns of which will be made to these headquarters.

All reports, returns, and correspondence will be addressed to Major R. O. Selfridge, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, Saint Paul, Minn.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., September 16, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

From all indications and information we are likely to have a general Indian war all along the frontier, unless immediate steps are taken to put a stop to it. I have requested the Governors of Iowa and Wisconsin not to send any troops from their States for the present without advising me about it, and have requested the Governor of Wisconsin to send forward to this place immediately three or four regiments now ready for service. You have no idea of the terrible destruction already done and of the panic everywhere in Wisconsin and Minnesota. Unless very prompt steps are taken these States will be half depopulated before the winter begins. Already populations have been totally abandoned with everything in them. Crops are all left standing, and the whole population are fleeing to the river. Horses are much needed, as we can do nothing against mounted Indians with footmen.

I have ordered 2,500 horses to be bought, and shall mount the infantry upon them and at once push out against the Sioux. The Chippewas have also begun to rob and murder, and need immediate attention.

Time is everything here, and I must take unusual means to hasten matters.

Please send me regular surgeon.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

Iowa City, September 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am just in receipt of a letter from the colonel of the Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, now in service in Missouri.

