HEADQUARTERS,In camp near Fort Ridgely, September 16, 1862.

Captain A. K. SKARO, Commanding at Saint Peter:

SIR: I should have made an advance movement this morning but for the storm which regard all night and has saturated everything, besides making the road by which I shall proceed with my command almost impassable. I do not think there need be any further fear of war parties of Indians along the line of settlements for the present.

An arrival from the Indian camp of a civilized Indian with some captive women and children, this morning corroborates the information previously obtained that the Indians are concentrating their force at or near Lac-qui-Parle, and have called in their parties.

Inclosed I send you an order,* which you will please have printed, and send copies to all the prominent points in the counties around you, as well as to Colonel Flandreau and his officers in command of posts. Send half a dozen copies to me also. This system of plunder must be suppressed and the criminals punished.

You will please communicate with me, as opportunity offers, as to the condition of affairs, supplies for the expedition on hand at Saint Peter, and other information.

Send any mail matter by every safe occasion for the command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,

September 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of a letter of 13th instant from B. F. Lushbaugh, United States agent for the Pawnee Indians, to the Acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs. From this letter it will be seen that the Sioux Indians, now in open hostility to the United States, have commenced hostilities upon the Pawnees in Nebraska as well as upon the white settlers in that Territory. The statements of the agent are corroborated by other information which has been communicated to this Department.

Unless prompt assistance shall be rendered by the Government there is danger that great sacrifice of life, as well as of property, will be incurred by the white settlers and the friendly Indians in Nebraska.

The suggestions of Agent Lushbaugh are approved by this Department, and I respectfully request that you will give them a favorable consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALEB B. SMITH,

Secretary.

[Indorsements.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 18, 1862.

Referred to Major-General Halleck, general-in-chief, to report as to the expediency of complying with the request.

By order of the Secretary of War;

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Adjutant of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

