
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 17, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Pilot Knob and Rolla are threatened by a pretty strong force, to cover the enemy's movement upon Southwestern Missouri and check my re-enforcements. If General Steele's force is not strong enough to move from Helena would it not be well to bring it up to Cape Girardeau and let it move from that point? This would enable me to take the aggressive immediately. Pardon this suggestion. I am not in position to judge of the necessity of General Steele's command remaining where it is.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, September 17, 1862.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 15th, inclosing copy of communication of same date from Colonel Weer, is received.

A dispatch from General Totten, dated the 14th, informs me that the enemy are advancing in force upon Springfield. If you find such to be the fact you will operate against and harass their flank, holding yourself in a position to form a junction with General Totten. But in case the enemy should send a formidable force to operate against you and prevent a junction with General Totten you will not risk an engagement without the chances of success being decidedly in your favor, but will fall back in this direction for support.

Colonel Cloud will leave his camp at Drywood this evening and will move down the border of Missouri west of Lamar and within supporting distance of Carthage. He is directed to communicate with you and keep you advised of his position and movements.

Inclosed you will find copy of General Totten's dispatch and my reply for your information.

You will communicate often with these headquarters your movements, as well as the movements of the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Camp Totten, September 17, 1862.

General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding Southwestern Division, Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left camp this morning and moved south, as you directed, and am now about a mile north of the point from which you opened the ball with the rebels on the 10th August of last year. The country is open wood-land. I could not find water without leaving the prairie a short distance; the country is very open; grazing good. The health of the command was becoming bad so rapidly from the effects of the water we were using a change was very necessary. Messenger will find me by following the Cassville road branch of Wilson's Creek and then north by first right-hand road. There

