
is a nearer road by Gibbs' from to parties who know the route. In accordance with your previous instructions I have sent scouts, 25 men each, out in the direction of Cassville; the other to Gadfly.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,In the Field, Fort Scott, September 17, 1862-10 a. m.

General TOTTEN,

Commanding, Springfield, Mo.:

Your dispatch of 14th was received yesterday. I have delayed answering it until now to hear from General Salomon and Colonel Weer. Three thousand of my troops, with sixteen pieces of artillery, were at Carthage yesterday. They report rebel force advancing via Sarcoxie. Shall direct them to operate against and harass the flank of the enemy moving against Springfield, and hold themselves in a position to favor a junction with you in case you are attacked by the enemy in force. It is possible, however, that a considerable force of the enemy may be sent against them at Carthage to occupy their attention and prevent a junction with you, in which case it will lessen the rebel force moving on Springfield.

I have thirty pieces of artillery, twelve rifled, but only two regiments of infantry to support them. Have four regiments of infantry now rendezvoused in this State waiting for their arms, which I hope to have in their hands in a few days, when they will be put into the field with all possible dispatch. With this force I will be able to join you with 7,000 effective men and twenty-four pieces of artillery.

After leaving sufficient force to protect this post and operate against any force that may be in the Indian Territory I think our policy should be to bluff them by bold dashes against their lines and hold them in check until we have our force all in hands; then we can make a combined offensive movement against them.

Communicate with me often, keeping me posted in your movements as well as the movements of the enemy; also communicate with my forces in Southwest Missouri.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., September 17, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN, C. S. A.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 10th instant.

In reply I desire to state, first, that I do not resort to newspaper statements as primary authority in matters connected with the army; but so far as Poindexter is concerned, I understand the facts to be that when arrested he was in citizens' garb, at a private house, and within our lines. If so, he is by the laws of war a spy and should be treated accordingly.

You direct my attention, secondly, to "these men termed guerrillas."

