
(500 mounted) at Abercrombie, 500 mounted men at Otter Tail, 1,000 men at Ripley, 500 mounted and 500 infantry at Crystal Lake, between the Winnebago and Sioux. I am prepared to bring into the State all the men necessary to put an end to Indian troubles in the shortest possible time, by making an active and vigorous campaign against them. It is my wish that you move forward as rapidly as possible upon the Sioux lands as far as the Lake Traves, destroying crops and everything else belonging to them. I think it best to make no arrangement of any kind with them until they are badly punished. By moving rapidly upon the Indian lands and farms you will at once relieve all the settlers north of the Minnesota from further danger. Four hundred men will be at Abercrombie in a few days. I think as we have the men and means now we had best put a final stop to Indian troubles by exterminating or running all the Indians engaged in the late outbreak. From Iowa I shall put out at once expeditions into Dakota along the Big Sioux and farther west, so as to push the Yankton Sioux at the same time you are dealing with those in front of you. I do not think it best to close the campaign until the very last moment, even should our men suffer much. I am putting forage for a thousand horses and rations for 2,500 men at Ridgely as a depot for your operations. The supplies will be for that number of men and horses for four months; for 500 horses and 1,000 men for the same time at Abercrombie; also putting up stables and quarters at each place thus occupied. I desire you to seize for the military service and send to Ridgely all the lumber, blacksmith's and carpenter's tools, and everything else that may be useful now at the Sioux Agency or elsewhere in your reach, giving proper statements and valuation of what is thus taken. I will send in Captain Nelson at once to muster in your regiment by companies and to pay the advance and bounty to the men. He will leave here immediately for your camp. I cannot urge upon you too strongly the necessity of marching as rapidly as possible upon the Sioux farms. Confidence and safety will at once be restored among the settlers when they find you are driving the Indians. Please communicate freely and fully with me, and make any suggestion you deem proper. I shall be glad to have your views on all matters connected with our operations here, as I expect to be but a short time among you. I am anxious to use the whole power given me, rapidly and fully as possible, to accomplish the object in view. I send this by Mr. Galbraith, whom you doubtless know. Will you give him what assistance is proper in saving the property of the Indian Department at this agency?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 18, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Paul, Minn.:

The State volunteers of Iowa, authorized by recent law of the State, can be mustered into the United States service for nine months, unless sooner discharged. They will receive no bounty, but will be regarded as taking the p lace of that manner of drafted men. They should not exceed a full cavalry regiment. All your requisitions must be made on the proper heads of departments. Do not send them to me, for I cannot attend to them.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

