
once to their nests. We found the country in a state of terror perfectly indescribable.

E. DANIELS,

Colonel First Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Post at Cape Girardeau.

General KETCHUM,

Saint Louis.

MAY 15, 1862.-Skirmish at Chalk Bluff, Ark.

Reports of Colonel Edward Daniels, First Wisconsin Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Chalk Bluff, May 16, 1862.

GENERAL: Learning that the rebels were here, under Colonel Jeffers, impressing every able-bodied man and collecting supplies for shipment south, I marched with 300 men from Bloomfield, a distance of 40 miles, reached this point at daylight, seized the ferry, and crossed under the enemy's fire; attacked, routed, and pursued him 6 miles into Arkansas. My loss is 2 lieutenants wounded, 1 mortally, 1 private killed and 6 wounded. The enemy lost 11 killed and 17 wounded; the wounded taken prisoners. We fought dismounted with rifles. Have taken prisoners, horses, and arms. Enemy fled to the woods and swamps. My men behaved most gallantly. Large stores are secreted near here still.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. DANIELS,

Colonel, Commanding Post Cape Girardeau.

Brigadier General W. K. STRONG,

Commanding District Cairo.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN CAVALRY,Chalk Bluff, Ark., May 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I regret to state that Lieutenant Phillips, of Squadron A, and Lieutenant Merrill, of Squadron D, were badly wounded, the former I fear mortally. Six privates were also wounded (1 mortally) and 1 killed. Total killed and wounded, 9. Enemy lost 11 killed and 17 wounded.

The conduct of all, both officers and men, was splendid. Not a man who came under fire flinched.

Major La Grange, who had immediate charge of the forces engaged, exhibited great courage and skill in disposing and handling his men at the critical juncture while the advance were fighting superior numbers and awaiting support.

Major Torrey brought up his detachment with great alacrity.

Captain Mars, with his skirmishers deployed, advanced in fine order.

Lieutenants Merrill and Phillips, who were wounded, exhibited the best qualities. Every man filled his place well.

Private I. O. Tuttle, of Squadron C, and William H. Abells, of Squadron I, deserve mention. While the enemy yet occupied the bluffs commanding the ferry these two brave men, without orders, leaped into the water, swam over, and brought the boat across. The risks

5 R R-VOL XIII

