
SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 18, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

General Pope is detaining the Iowa regiments that have been ordered here. I beg of you do not let him take them from me.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,Camp Totten, September 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding Southwestern District, Mo.:

GENERAL: Scouts in my employ report that the enemy, under Coffee and Rains, with Missouri forces, about 1,500 (one says 3,000), as being near Newtonia, and a party of 400 on the way toward Mount Vernon, expecting to reach there to-night. The information of the numbers south of Newtonia, in the direction of Pineville and Elkhorn, are variously stated at 15,000 to 20,000, but this, as well as the reported intention of the enemy's movements on Springfield, is not reliable. Lieutenant William, First Missouri Cavalry, reached here to-day. He was a prisoner about two hours. Being left with one man to guard him, he snatched the guard's gun and knocked him down and thus escaped and hid in the brush two days, fed by Union women. All the soldiers in the run have returned except Lesea.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 19, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Paul, Minn.:

The War Department has replied to all applications that the troops can be mustered in only in conformity to law and regulations. In mustering in a regiment it is not necessary that all the companies should be together. Do not stop the Iowa infantry heretofore ordered to Missouri. It is not believed that you will require a very large infantry force against the Indians, as their numbers cannot be very great.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,September 19, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Paul:

DEAR SIR: I address you this note unofficially (as my dispatches of a public character are sent to the Adjutant-General of the State), to ask you to coast your eye over my previous official communication to him, that you may be placed in possession of the causes which have led to the delay in the advance of my command, and that the same time use the information of a local nature therein contained to remedy the evils, perhaps unavoidable hitherto, but which should no longer be allowed to embarrass the command. I have no time to write more, as my command is to march immediately in search of Little Crow. As I have only 27 mounted men he can escape from us if he chooses to do so, but my

