
regiments to Glover. If necessary also, and Iowa regiments come in in time, I will send Gray's regiment.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, September 21, 1862.

Colonel GLOVER:

I will send a Missouri regiment and two Iowa regiments to you to-night and to-morrow as fast as conveyance by rail can be gotten. Let me know if you urgently need a fourth regiment, and I will send Gray's regiment to you if an Iowa regiment cannot be gotten ready in time.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 22, 1862-10 a. m.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Keokuk, Iowa:

Your leave of absence is revoked, and you will immediately assume command of the Department of the Missouri, headquarters at Saint Louis.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 22, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

Your dispatch of this date is received. General Halleck knew that General Steele was at Helena. If he can move on Little Rock immediately it will undoubtedly be the best diversion, if it is not already too late. If Hindman, by a bold move, can get into Missouri he will not hesitate on account of a force in his rear. Desperate measures are the only ones left to be rebels west of the Mississippi. However, I have sufficiently anticipated their movements in this direction. I have fortified so that I can hold it against all the rebels in Arkansas with 10,000 or 15,000 men. My only fear is that a move may be made upon some point east of here to cut off my Rolla line and stop my re-enforcements. If you can stop this by the use of General Steele's force or otherwise, and send me a few more regiments of infantry, I can hold this point in any event; but I desire, if possible, to push into Arkansas as soon as possible. Missouri is full of subsistence, while there is but little in Arkansas. If pushed vigorously they will be starved out. I will send detailed reports of scouts and spies this evening that are correct beyond doubt. I can send you dispatches to Blunt at Fort Scott without difficulty.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

