HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, In the Field, Fort Scott, September 22, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,Commanding Second Brigade, Army of Kansas:

COLONEL: I learn from a dispatch from General Salomon, just received, dated Sac Creek, September 20, that you are en route for Sarcoxie, under orders from General Totten. Unless the force and position of the enemy make it necessary to keep your command concentrated with that of General Salomon's you will move by easy marches to Neosho. You will not comply with orders from General Totten, unless to re-enforce him when in your judgement he is menaced by the enemy in superior force, without first communicating with these by the enemy in superior force, without first communicating with these headquarters. General Salomon is directed to remain at Sarcoxie, as the paymaster is expected to be with your command soon. I would therefore suggest that you keep them as much together as practicable until they are paid. Colonel Barstow, with his command and one section of Blair's battery, is located at Montevallo.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, In the Field, Fort Scott, September 22, 1862.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON,Commanding First Brigade, Army of Kansas:

GENERAL: Your dispatch dated Sac Creek, September 20, is just received. You will not move your command from Sarcoxie unless a change of position is rendered necessary by the movements of the enemy, nor will you comply with any order of General Totten, unless it is to re-enforce him when in your judgement he is menaced by the enemy in superior force, without first communicating with these headquarters. I shall direct Colonel Weer to move his command to Neosho. Colonel Barstow leaves here to-day for Montevallo with his command and one section of Blair's battery. As the paymaster is on his way here, and will soon be to your command, I would suggest that you keep them as much together as is practicable.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, ARMY OF KANSAS, Sarcoxie, Mo., September 22, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Scott, Kans.:

GENERAL: In conformity with orders from General Totten, copy of which I have forwarded by my last couriers, I marched to Sarcoxie, and, after making junction with the command of Colonel William Weer, occupied said place this morning at 11 a. m. Reliable information of the strength and position of the enemy I have not obtained additional to what is reported in a communication from General Brown, a copy of

42 R R-VOL XIII

