
which is hereby inclosed,* also my tri-monthly return, and copy of letter form General Totten.

Horseshoes, also clothing and shoes for the men, are wanted very much. Two men of Coffee's command were shot to-day by our men.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Troops in Sarcoxie.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., September 22, 1862-1 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. I am sure you know that what I undertake I do with my whole heart. No considerations of any kind will affect my action in the discharge of duty. I am doing all I can, but little to do it with. I am pushing a heavy force, such as it is, against the Sioux on the Upper Minnesota, and also expeditions from Iowa. I apprehend no further danger to the white settlements in Minnesota, but the Indians will be pursued, and, if possible, exterminated in Dakota and Nebraska. There is great alarm in the letter Territory. There are neither troops nor arms, and the Governor calls on me for both. I must raise in Nebraska for immediate service a temporary mounted force, but in some way arms must be sent to them. Every one is green and new, and I have no to command or to help me. Will you not appoint Captain A. D. Nelson, Tenth U. S. Infantry, brigadier-general, for service on the frontier; also Major Prince and Lieutenant Colonel T. C. H. Smith, the latter of the First Ohio Cavalry. With these officers to command the expeditions I shall send out I can soon end the business. Without them, or some others of same rank, little efficiency can be hoped. Will you please answer by telegraph? Captain Nelson is here, and his services are greatly needed to command on the frontier. With promptness and vigor this war can be soon ended; without, it will assume formidable proportions. Dr. McParlin and Colonel Beckwith, both of my staff in Virginia, are much needed here. I need not tell you that you can rely upon my entering with all my heart upon any duty assigned me.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., September 23, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: The large requisition made by Major-General Pope upon the Quartermaster's Department and the Commissary and Ordnance Departments, involving as they do an immense expenditure of money and material needed elsewhere, requires that your should make some order defining the extent of operations to be carried on in the Northwest as an Indian campaign. The exigencies of the war and the state of the finances afford no superfluity, and whatever is sent to General Pope will leave a deficiency to the same extent in other branches of the serv-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

