
were so great that I could not ask a man to volunteer. Tuttle received a ball through the wrist and another grazed his head.

The rout of the enemy was complete. We have their wagons and what little camp equipage they had. Jeffers told them to take care of themselves, and, if possible, meet him in Memphis. Some 30 of them have recrossed the river and are north of us. They will probably join with other small bands and try to get up a new camp in the swamps. We are, however, learning the roads rapidly, and there will soon be no safety for them. There are vast stores of forage and provisions yet in the country; these were being rapidly gathered up for shipment. Impressments were going on, and we found the whole community in a state of terror. The change since the fight is very gratifying; everybody breathes free again. They are only amazed that we do not rob, burn, and plunder, as their own armies do.

I sent out word that I would treat leniently all who came in and gave up, but that all armed parties in the district would hereafter be treated as robbers and outlaws. They are flocking in from all quarters, telling the same story of deception and lying practiced upon them by their leaders.

The good results of this expedition are, viz: The driving out and breaking up of the most desperate band of rebels in this district. 2nd. The saving of vast stores of provisions, which were being daily shipped down the Saint Francis. 3rd. The appearance of Federal forces here for the first time since the war opened has completely revolutionized the country. To these simple-hearted people the Federal Government seemed dead. The only government which had shown any power to vindicate its authority here was that of the Confederate, and they yielded to its sway without question or complaint, because to do otherwise was death. I am laboring industriously to undeceive the people, and by a just but discriminating policy to secure the thoroughly vicious and induce others to return home and work their farms, and thus restore repose and confidence to the community.

I do not know but I have gone beyond my district, but I could not reach the enemy and destroy him otherwise. A few weeks of work here will make this region safe for the Union forever.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. DANIELS,

Colonel, Commanding Post Cape Girardeau.

General W. SCOTT KETCHUM.

MAY 15-17, 1862.-Scout to Little Blue and skirmish near Independence, Mo.

Report of Major Charles Banzhaf, First Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Independence, Mo., May 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that Second Lieutenant G. W. Nash, of Company E, First Missouri Cavalry, commanding scout these last two days, killed 2 rebels near Little Blue, west of this post; also that First Lieutenant William White, of Company C, First Missouri Cavalry, who is now out with 50 privates, composed of men of his company and of the Missouri State Militia, sent a sergeant, with a squad of his command,

