
once been in arms in rebellion against their lawful Government, and having been pardoned for that offense and taken a solemn oath not again to take up arms against the United States, were afterward found in arms as members of a guerrilla band and taken prisoners, and, in accordance with the laws of war, will be shot at or near Huntsville, Mo., on Friday, the 26th instant, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 3 p. m., having incurred the just penalty of a violated parole and willful and intentional perjury. This sentence will be duly carried into execution by the commanding officer of the troops at Huntsville, for which this shall be his warrant.

III. The following-named prisoners, now in confinement at Macon City, having once been pardoned for the crime of taking up arms against their Government, and having taken a solemn oath not again to take up arms the United States, have been taken in arms, in violation of said oath and their solemn parole, and are therefore ordered to be shot to death on Friday, the 26th of September, between the hours of 10 o'clock a. m. and 3 o'clock p. m.

The commander of the post at Macon City is charged with the execution of the order, and for their execution this shall be his warrant.

Names of prisoners to be executed: Frank E. Drake, Dr. A. C. Rowe, Elbert Hamilton, William H. Earhart, William Searcy, J. A. Wysong, G. H. Fox, Edward Riggs, David Bell, John H. Oldham, James H. Hall.

By order of Brigadier-General Merrill:

GEO. M. HOUSTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT INDIAN HOME GUARDS, Camp C. M. Clay, September 23, 1862.

General JAMES G. BLUNT:

SIR: We have a good camp, and are resting in quiet and keeping a good lookout for our foe.

Colonel Cloud arrived here yesterday morning with two howitzers and three companies. He is scouting in person to-day. He arrived just one day too late for our assistance; but, thank God, we were able to rout a regiment of Texan Rangers commanded by Colonel Hawpe. As reports come in we are confirmed in the opinion that they were badly whipped. A Seneca Indian reports that they marched from Baxter Springs, or Camp Hunter, 4 miles this side (north), to Shoal Creek Mills, directly east and in the direction of Neosho.

Sir, I have honor to be, your humble servant,JOHN RITCHIE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Indian Home Guards.

HELENA, ARK., September 23, 1862. (Received September 26.)

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I will co-operate with you at once by marching a force to Batesville or by moving with my effective force to Little Rock. I know of no means by which a considerable force could be furnished with supplies at Batesville. I might succeed in getting supplies enough to

