
Little Rock to enable me to strikeout from that point. White River is navigable for light-draught steamers to Devall's Bluff, but not for gunboats. I have received no instructions from any one. It is my opinion that I can operate with more effect from here than from the interior of Arkansas. At present I hold the rebels in check on both sides of the Mississippi and keep Price and munitions of war from crossing into Arkansas. You should get re-enforcements from the North if the necessary is urgent; they could reach you much quicker

than I can.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND INDIAN HOME GUARDS, Camp C. M. Clay, on Cow Creek, 2 1\2 miles west of the Fort Scott road to Baxter Springs, at dusk of September 23, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel WATTLES:

SIR: I have just learned that the head of the enemy is about 10 miles from us; they are at Shirley's Crossing of Spring River. You will send me all the available force you can immediately, so that it may reach here by daylight in the morning if possible, and report the facts to General Blunt immediately. Colonel Cloud is now out with part of his men, scouting in the direction of Baxter Springs, and unless he gets knowledge of the enemy will not return before some time to-morrow. Much will depend upon your re-enforcing us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN RITCHIE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Indian Home Guards.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., September 23, 1862-8.40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

There is no transportation of any description in this department, and few, if any, country wagons can be had. We must have here at least 500 wagons or abandon our expeditions and the frontier posts. Will you please have the wagons, with harness complete, &c., sent without delay? Some quartermaster ought to be sent to buy mules and get up trains. I have no officers of those departments here. If these things are not furnished soon it will be necessary to draw back the troops from the frontier. I telegraph you on the subject because I know that our wants will receive immediate attention.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., September 23, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

I would be glad to have you carry out your proposed plan of instruction if circumstances would permit. But the critical state of affairs in

