
most horrible massacres have been committed; children nailed alive to trees and houses, women violated and then disemboweled--everything that horrible ingenuity could devise. It will require a large force and much time to prevent everybody leaving the country, such is the condition of things. I am acting as vigorously as I can, but without means. There is positively nothing here. It has been assumed that of course there would be no trouble, and everything has been taken away. There is not a wagon, mule, or horse belonging to the United States in this department.

I have further to inform you that the Secretary of War instructs me that he is sending me 10,000 paroled prisoners and desire me to organize a considerable force here. Under these circumstances my requisitions will appear large. If not furnished soon I shall not be able to keep out one expedition or one post. Cannot the paroled men and officers of the Rifle Regiment (Third Dragoons), now in Michigan at Fort Wayne, be sent me? The troops here are perfectly raw and without discipline.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WOOD LAKE, September 23, 1862.

When you bring up the prisoners and deliver them to me under the flag of truce I will be ready to talk of peace. The bodies of the Indians that have been killed will be buried like white people and the wounded will be attended to as our own; but none will be given until the prisoners are brought in. I will wait here a reasonable time for the delivery of the prisoners, if you send me word they will be given up.

A flag of truce in the day-time will always be protected in and out of my camp if one or two come with it.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, September 24, 1862.

Colonel HARDING,

Pilot Knob:

I am publishing an order relieving all the Enrolled Militia of this division from active service at the end of this month. It is rendered necessary from the fact that when called not they have a claim on the State for three-mouths' pay and the State is bankrupt. Further, there are constant complaints filing in this office and in that of the provost-marshal of property being unnecessarily and improperly taken by them. Therefore I wish you to send these companies of Enrolled Militia home. They are only organized by Orders, Numbers 24, to defend their homes.

General Schofield has directed me, the moment I can do so, to relieve your regiment and send it to Northern Missouri.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, Numbers 12. Saint Louis, Mo., September 24, 1862.

I. On the last day of this month the Enrolled Militia of the different counties of this division, by whatsoever authority called out, will be withdrawn from active service.

