
II. The attention of post commanders and of colonels of the Enrolled Militia is called into active service for the time being such companies and regiments of the organized militia in their divisions as the exigencies of the service may required, and to provide for their maintenance while in active service. But no company will be kept continuously in active for more than thirty days expect by orders from these headquarters or in cases of urgent necessity. It must be borne in mind that the object of the general organization of the militia is for the protection of their homes, and that they are to be kept form their ordinary business as little as possible.

III. In future the authority of bodies of Enrolled Militia to make expeditions or take property, whether as captured or for their support, will not be recognized unless the order calling them into service emanated from this office, or, in cases of necessity, from the commanding officer at Cape Girardeau or Pilot Knob. In the latter cases a return of the strength of the troops called out and requisitions for their subsistence, as pointed out in General Orders, Numbers 38, Headquarters State of Missouri, will be promptly sent to this office.

IV. Return of all property captured by, and all property taken for the use and subsistence of, the Enrolled Militia of the different counties of this division, from whatever source, loyal or rebel, together with the field returns of the companies or regiments employed up the present date, will at once be forwarded by the colonels to this office, in order that the record may be complete.

V. The Fifth Regiment Infantry, Colonel Poten commanding, will on the last day of this month resume guarding of the bridges of the Iron Mountain Railroad along its entire length, relieving the Enrolled Militia of Washington and Saint Francis Counties.

By order of Brigadier-General Davidson:

JAMES A. GREASON,

Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., September 24, 1862.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Such are the apprehensions of Indian troubles in Colorado Territory that I desire you to order all Colorado troops now in Department of New Mexico, and who are nearest that Territory, to move up forthwith for the protection of the settlements. Please telegraph to Leavenworth.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, ARMY OF KANSAS, Camp five miles west of Sarcoxie, September 24, 1862.

Brigadier General JAM. G. BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Scott:

I am in receipt of your of 22nd instant. In reply I would state that I cannot tell whether it is necessary for me to keep concentrated with

