
I need some older or wiser generals for remote commands. Will earnestly seek to carry out your orders.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 25, 1862.-Fort Curtis to Schofield and reply, see inclosure (pp. 22, 23) to Schofield's report.]

SAINT LOUIS DIVISION, September 25, 1862-10 a. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Boyd just says:

McBride had not advanced yesterday morning from his camp. A very heavy re-enforcement had arrived at Pocahontas, but could not tell where from. Coleman is on Eleven Points River. Jeffers and Kitchen have moved in several directions. I think a body of them will interrupt the railroad, taking to the Knob.

Boyd stops here. Can you do anything about the cavalry I asked for yesterday? Backof leaves here to-morrow with four pieces, finely equipped. The Twenty-third Iowa has not reached here yet.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., September 25, 1862-11.20 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

When will the paroled troops begin to arrive? How many are coming? Preparations for the must be commenced at once certainly. I will send all troops here not absolutely needed. I shall have to draw one more regiment from Wisconsin, making two in all, until the paroled troops arrive to replace them. I am anxious to send all the troops here to the South, as I fear the Sioux, being all mounted, have got into the rear of the expedition and are attacking the towns and settlements both north and south of the Minnesota River. I have ordered all the troops in Iowa to proceed, as hitherto ordered form Washington. The money and supplies required ought to be sent at once or we must abandon our advanced positions.

The mass of the settlers west of the Missouri are abandoning everything and precipitating themselves on the river towns. Universal panic prevails along the whole frontier. Please send me a quartermaster and commissaries. Very large and unnecessary expenses are being incurred in Wisconsin and Iowa for subsistence, &amp;c., for new regiments for want of these officers.

Will Lieutenant Colonel T. C. H. Smith and Major Prince be appointed brigadier? I cannot get along without such officers. Everybody is green here. The service is inefficient, and the expenses will be enormous in consequence. Have you authorized a regiment to be raised in Milwaukee for Sigel with pledge to that effect? I am so informed by Governor of Wisconsin. The regiment is ready, but claims as above. The season for navigation is drawing to a close. Nothing can be got

