
to a house distant about 12 miles to arrest a rebel, for the purpose of using him as a guide. When coming near the house they were fired upon by this rebel, and our chief bugler, Christ. Sanders, of Company C, First Missouri Cavalry, was seriously wounded by being shot in the breast. The rebel was nearly shot to pieces.

Further, that yesterday Captain William A. Long, of Company A, Missouri State Militia, and 11 privates of his command, were escorting the mail from Pleasant Hill to this place in a narrow defile. About half a mile south of Blue River they were fired upon from an ambuscade from amongst the rocks about 15 or 20 yards above the road, killing 1, wounding 6 (1 supposed to be mortal), killing Captain Long's horse, and wounding 3 others. Captain Long formed his men, and finding but 3 present fir for action, and not knowing the strength of the enemy, retreated, bringing all but 2 of the wounded with him. Only of 2 of the men escaped without being grazed by balls.

In consequence of these facts I detached yesterday two pieces of artillery, under Lieutenant Foust, and Captain Fuller, of Company E, First Missouri Cavalry, with 50 men, to follow up these marauders. They returned this morning without any success.

The country in this vicinity is of such a nature that bands of this kind may secrete themselves within 2 miles of this place and are very difficult to get hold of, though I shall do all that is in my power to destroy as many as possible while I have command of this place.

Sir, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BANZHAF,

Major, First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding.

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City, Mo.

MAY 16-20, 1862.-Operations in Dunklin County, Mo., and capture of steamer Daniel E. Miller.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Edward Daniels, First Wisconsin Cavalry.

No. 2.-Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Edward Daniels, First Wisconsin Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Chalk Bluff, Ark., May 20, 1862.

SIR: I have pursued and broken up another formidable band of rebels found in Dunklin County. By a rapid march with 150 men and one piece of artillery, wading swamps and threading our way through cattle-paths, I surprised their camp. They fled, but several of them were taken prisoners.

Hearing that the steamer Daniel E. Miller was 20 miles below, with sugar and molasses and taking on stores of provisions and a company of troops for Memphis, I immediately started with 82 picket men and the 6-pounder, and by sending out scouts captured the pickets of the

