
teams and other heavy equipment, as your first service will be connected with the railroad or to repel forces very near it.

Meantime they proper transportation equipment should be shipped as soon as possible to Cape Girardeau, but not so as to delay the movements of the troops.

My orders are issued to carry out the suggestions of General Halleck as stated to you by General Schofield in a letter of the 18th instant. If you have made any extensive movement on the suggestion of that letter from General Schofield you will report the matter to me, and delay the execution of paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 2, till further orders are sent from these headquarters.

Respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Helena, Ark., September 26, via Cairo, Il., September 30, 1862-10.15 p.m.

General H. W. HALLECK:

There is no large force threatening Missouri form Arkansas. The principal part of Holmes' force is still in the vicinity of Little Rock. A prisoner-soldier, just from there, saw Hindman, and was questioned by him. He saw about 15,000 troops at Brownsville, and it is reported that there are more at Austin, 25 miles from Little Rock. Refugees and deserters say there are from 25,000 to 40,000 about Little Rock. McBride moved from Batesville on the 11th instant, with 2,200 men (only 1,500 armed), toward Greenville, via Pocahontas. Cause of movement; He supposed this army was advancing upon Batesville. Eight thousand troops at Cross Hollows. Schofield requested me to move on Batesville. It is impracticable. My troops would starve. I shall move on Holmes directly. He seems standing off between me and Schofield. My force will be reduced by sickness and those to guard the depots to about 12,000. This command could do splendid service in Mississippi. The fort cannot be completed in less than five weeks. I regard it as an incumbrance, and recommend that it be blow up. I anticipate great difficulty in keeping my command supplied in the interior of Arkansas until the fall rise in White River. It is not navigable for gunboats now.

Very respectfully,FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, In the Field, Fort Scott, September 26, 1862.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON,

Commanding First Brigade, Army of Kansas:

GENERAL: Information, which i deem quite reliable, has just reached me that a rebel force, mostly Indians--the remainder Texans--estimated at 3,000, are moving up the Neosho River. On yesterday they captured some of the Osage scouts near Mathews' place, 20 miles down the river from the Osage Mission. From these scouts (whom they released after keeping them several hours) I learn that they intended to

