
be at the Osage Mission to-day, and no doubt intend to make a demonstration up the Neosho Valley. Stand Watie is with them, and I learn they have been making overtures to the Osages to join them, some of which they already have.

Colonel Cloud leaves with his command this evening in the direction of the Osage Mission, and will probably reached that point early to-morrow. I give you this information that in case the enemy should fall back before Colonel Cloud you may cut off their retreat. I would therefore suggest that you scout wide and vigilant on your left flank or westwardly and north. The rebel force is mostly mounted and have no artillery.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, ARMY OF KANSAS, Camp on Jenkins' Creek, September 26, 1862-9 p. m.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON,Commanding First Brigade, Army of Kansas, Sarcoxie, Mo.:

I have to-night had reports from two scouting parties from this command, one penetrating west to Shoup's Mill, the other to Granby. Their accounts of the enemy mainly agree. The latter party brought in as prisoner a soldier of the rebel army, very intelligent; also a well-known Union man, who has been in the rebel army. The enemy, from all their statements, have made a significant movement within the last twenty-four hours. Shelby, with Coffee, has been for days some few miles from Newtonia. To-day he has been re-enforced by Cooper with seven Texas regiments, all mounted, and six pieces of cannon, Shelby having two. Their united forces are estimated at 10,000 men. This is undoubtedly exaggerated. That is the statement of the persons who furnish me the accounts. It is plausible from the fact that he has moved up, as (so they say) they have been waiting for us to attack them. Whether you or I will be the first party reached I of course cannot tell.

Rains is behind them with his command in Arkansas; Stand Watie and Livingston in the direction of Baxter Springs. There has been an understanding between the latter and Cooper, and from the fact that they hang upon our right flank it would seem as if a combined attack was intended. No doubt they are informed as to our numbers and position, and perhaps Cooper may have formed the idea of cutting us up in detail, relying upon his superior numbers and the prestige of making the attack without waiting for the reserve under Rains. At all events, after careful consideration of the news I deem it my duty to make preparation for defense, and write this that you may be prepared to assist me in the event of an attack. Should it fall upon you, I would be pleased to know how I can afford you assistance. General Brown should be informed, so that he may move his command immediately nearer our lines, as also General Totten, at Springfield, Colonel Clark, &amp;c.

I have already ordered a patrolling party, to report at midnight, to scout the country in the direction of Newtonia, so as to prevent a daybreak surprise. I will send another westerly. Allow me to suggest that you do the same in a southern and eastern direction.

