
I will strike tents either to-night or to-morrow and take a position on the south side of Jenkins' Creek. Communications between us had, I think, better be kept open constantly during the night and to-morrow, as undoubtedly the next twenty-four hours will develop the enemy's plans.

These precautions may all be unnecessary. I predicate them chiefly, and I may say solely, upon the fact of Cooper moving with his whole division from Elk Mill to near Newtonia. His scouts were in Granby to-day. This certainly means something. My information says it means attack. It certainly looks like it, as he had a better defensible position where he was.

Your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 2. Saint Louis, Mo., September 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General Schofield, commanding in the field, is at his own request relieved form district command, and the records and papers of the District of Missouri will be turned over to department headquarters.

The "divisions" of Missouri will hereafter be designated districts, and commanders will report to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., September 27, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have news of approaching forces entering the southeast and southwest corners of this State. Have moved from Helena to make diversion, but that force is so far away it cannot avail much. Picket were fired on near Greenville, Wayne County, last night; 1 of our men killed and 2 wounded. Iowa and Illinois troops should hurry down here. The enemy is reported stronger than my force. Have ordered General Blunt to join General Schofield or come within supporting distance. I have sent forward almost every man from here, and General Schofield needs several regiments more. Please order troops down from Iowa and Illinois, where they are not needed, and let them rendezvous in Benton Barracks. I will only use what is necessary. Other forces can be held back here for other necessities. The storm sets this way just now. There is nothing of great importance in other parts of my department.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Springfield, Mo.:

I send a letter to General Blunt. Have it forwarded forthwith. Keep your force compact and ready to march in any direction. The enemy

43 R R-VOL XIII

