
and immediately fall back to the Mississippi, to carry out the orders I have sent or such others as I may send. If you have not advanced 20 miles, let a cavalry force dash on some distance to cover your return, to carry out my Special Orders, Numbers 2.

Respectfully, yours.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., September 27, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

Your dispatch to General Blunt will be forwarded to-night. Rains was advancing from Pineville toward Newtonia yesterday morning with from 5,000 to 8,000 men. My advance force moved from Greenville this morning to unite with that of General Blunt's near Sarcoxie. The combined force will be about 6,500. General Totten's division, 7,000 strong, will move from this point Monday morning. I shall bring the available Kansas troops within supporting distance, when I shall be quite strong enough to hold my ground, if not to advance. I have my scouts well out in all directions, and get intelligence of the enemy's movements daily. Parsons has come up as far as Yellville with about 1,000 men. Nothing else of importance since my last dispatch.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Springfield, September 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,Commanding District of Kansas, Fort Scott:

I forward herewith to you a dispatch from General Curtis, directing a temporary union of our forces for the present exigencies. I have advices this evening from Colonel Weer, dated 9 a. m. yesterday, from camp on Jenkins' Creek, and forwarded by General Salomon and General Brown, to the effect that Cooper was moving up the attack Weer. Brown moved from Mount Vernon this morning to the support of Salmon and Weer. Totten's division will move from this place in a day or two. Please send forward in the direction of Sarcoxie as strong a force of infantry and artillery as you can spare, and inform me of its strength and the time of its movement, so that I may send further orders. If the rebels will meet us, I desire to give them battle as soon as possible. I believe we are much better prepared now than they are, although they may have superior numbers. I am deficient in artillery, but what I have is first class, and I would like to put it all in the field. If you can spare one or two of your poorest batteries send them to this place under a small escort. I will use them for the defense of their place and thus put a larger force in the field. Please inform me of the condition and strength of your command, so that I may make my calculations accordingly. Should you determine to take the field in person I shall be happy to meet you, general, and doubt not that we can soon make rebels scarce in this part of the country. I expect to go forward myself in a few days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

