HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Springfield, September 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General BROWN,Commanding at Mount Vernon:

Your letter to General Totten, dated this morning, is received, and the dispositions you have made of your forces for the support of General Salomon and Colonel Weer are approved. An order from General Curtis, just received and forwarded to General Blunt, places the Kansas troops subject to my orders. Please communicate this to General Salomon and Colonel Weer, with the following instructions for their guidance and yours: You will keep your respective commands within supporting distance of each other and keep up constant communication. If either is seriously threatened the other will unite with it by the most practicable routes; when untied, the senior officer present will of course have command of the whole. If your advance position should be found untenable retire together as slowly as is consistent with safety, and send information to me and to General Blunt without delay. Let your line of retreat be neither toward Springfield nor Fort Scott, but as nearly as may be midway between them. It is desirable to hold your present position if possible, and even to strike the enemy should a favorable opportunity offer; but do not on any account risk a defeat. You will regard your commands as forces of observation merely. Give me full information at least daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Mount Vernon, September 27, 1862.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON,Sarcoxie:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 11.30 of the 26th been received. I will move to the west and make a diversion in your favor, though my instructions are most positive not to bring on any battles or engagements, but to fall back in the direction of Springfield if threatened with an attack by superior forces; yet if you become engaged I will assist you. I will move immediately.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, ARMY OF KANSAS, Sarcoxie, Mo., September 27, 1862.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,Commanding Troops at Mount Vernon:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of this morning, and inclose herewith copy of communication from Colonel William Weer. In addition to that, I have to state that a scouting party sent to Newtonia this morning just returned and reports the enemy in strong force at that place. Our scouts were within one-half mile of the enemy, who was seen moving in large force (reported to be 8,000) through Newtonia to encamp 2 miles south of that place.

