
Colonel William Weer will join my command to-night, and I expect to be re-enforced by your in time, principally infantry, if you have any.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE KANSAS, Camp on Jenkins' Creek, September 27, 1862-12 m.

Brigadier-General SALOMON,Commanding First Brigade, Sarcoxie, Mo.:

My two scouting parties have returned. The western one discovered nothing but bushwhackers or scouts; wounded 1 and secured his gun. The southern party went into Granby. They found that 400 enemy had arrived at midnight last from Neosho. They drove in the enemy's pickets, killed 2, captured 1, dressed in complete United States uniform. The captain reports the roads cut up with travel made by the rebels concentrating. I have not yet examined the prisoner just brought, but report to you the intelligence that the commanding officer of the scouting party brings. That is, Rains, Shelby, and Coffee have effected a junction. They number 11,000, and say they have been waiting for us to attack, but despairing of it mean to attack us. To-morrow is the day fixed. This is the information brought. What portion of it may or may not be true I of course know not. Of one thing, however, I am certain, the enemy are moving in united force this way. They outnumber us. The accounts as to the condition of their arms are forced to retreat in consequence our scattered condition. Some point should be selected, there to stand, and the troops in our rear should come forward by forced marches. If inattention to the warnings that have been sent lead to the sacrifice of our forces a great crime will rest upon some one's shoulders.

I would be pleased to know as to what you propose to do, and in the event no aid is afforded from the rear, what measures shall be taken to resist the advance of the enemy. This information of course should be forwarded to Mount Vernon.

Your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, September 27, 1862.

Colonel HARDING,

Pilot Knob:

The troops along the Iron Mountain Railroad, through its length, are placed under the command of Pilot Knob. Colonel Poten will report to Colonel Harding accordingly.

Colonel Harding will make an inspection of the block-houses along the road, and direct such works and repairs as are in his opinion necessary.

DAVIDSON.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, September 27, 1862.

Colonel HARDING,

Pilot Knob:

If Boyd is seriously attacked he is to fall back on you. This has been

