
boat and reached the landing before they had time to get out of rifle shot of the shore. I immediately brought my piece to bear and commanded her to lay to. She kept moving and a volley was fired upon us by men on the deck. I then gave the command to fire, and put two balls through her, one just below the water line, the other through the wheel-house. The advanced guard of my column also fired a few rifle-shots. The boat then hove to and surrendered. We took 30 prisoners, among them one colonel, and all their stores. We killed Lieutenant Erwin [Lewis?], of the cavalry, and 1 private, and wounded 3. None of my command were hurt.

I have seized all the teams in the vicinity, and am shipping the stores northward, as I am only 35 miles from Fort Pillow. I will hold the boat, if possible, till our forces take Memphis. If compelled to abandon, I will burn her.

I suppose I have strayed beyond my proper district, but I have left all right behind me, and I have come here in pursuit of the enemy, who have caused my coming here at all. If I have trespassed upon ground beyond my proper district, I trust it will be attributed to my zeal to do my work thoroughly and quickly.

I will send prisoners up soon. I have liberated on parole about 100 men, who were clearly impressed into service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. DANIELS,

Colonel First Regiment Wisconsin Cav., Commanding Forces in Field.

General W. SCOTT KETCHUM.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, C. S. Army.

RIVER DEFENSE FLEET,

Fulton, near Fort Pillow, May 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I regret to inform you that reliable information has reached me to-day of the capture of the steamboat D. E. Miller, at Hornersville, Mo. This boat had been allowed to go up the Saint Francis River to convey certain citizens of Missouri, among whom were several officers of my late brigade of Missouri State Guard.

Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Lewis was killed and several others taken prisoners.

The enemy now have the means to descend the Saint Francis to Helena, but I suppose with so small a boat they will hardly attempt it.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Guard.

Major General EARL VAN DORN,

C. S. A., Coring, Miss.

MAY 17, 1862.-Skirmish on Little Red River, Ark.

Report of Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

CAMP MOSQUITO, ARK., May 17, 1862.

COLONEL: I have to report to you that as one of my foraging parties was out collecting forage this morning, when about 9 miles below here

