
Department of the Northwest, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Pope at Saint Paul, Minn.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, September 28, 1862.

Colonel HARDING,

Pilot Knob,

Colonel PECKHAM,

Cape Girardeau:

You will arrest all persons in the vicinity of your posts and commands who come property under the designation of "bad and dangerous men," and send them up here under guard, to be imprisoned during the war. Publish an order stating the same and circulate it around your counties.

Under the President's proclamation any one advising against enlistments or speaking against the Government comes under the above category.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

HUDSON, MO., September 28, 1862.

General GUITAR,

Columbia, via Sturgeon, Mo.:

Everything indicates that guerrilla bands of Northeast Missouri are gathering in Howard, Boone, and Callaway Counties, with the intention of trying to get across the river. Probably as many as 800 or 900 have gone into the Perche Hills in the last ten days in addition to those who were there before; but they are poorly armed and badly off for ammunition. Between 500 and 700 are in the Auxvasse, near Galbert's Mill, about 2 1\2 miles below Moore's Mill.

I have reason to think that Porter himself is somewhere in that neighborhood. He told his men just after McNeil scattered them near Whaley's Mill that those who wished to follow his fortunes could do so; the rest must take care of themselves. This country was getting too hot for them. I think they will try to cross was the river in small squads, and do not think they want to fight if they can avoid it.

You must act at your discretion in the matter. Krekel ought to be able to do something, but he and his men are evidently so worthless that I can hope for nothing from them. Do not release any prisoners you have on any terms. To those who will will surrender you may say that their lives will be spared. Nothing more will be promised them. Have just been informed that Porter with a number has crossed the river, probably near Hermann.

Colonel Gantt can give no orders in this district except through these headquarters.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

HUDSON, Mo., September 28, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Guitar reports following important capture of guerrillas and

