
the dispatch was very satisfactory in relation to your operations, I beg to remind you that it was improperly addressed to the Governor, who no longer has any control over military operations in this section. All dispatches or requisitions for any troops whatever serving in this department are to be addressed to these headquarters, and I trust that you will hereafter comply with the proper regulations on this subject.

The provisions you desire have been sent to you in charge of an officer especially detailed for the purpose several days before your dispatch was received, and have doubtless reached you by this time. You will remember that in your letter to me you stated that you had ammunition enough, and only desired that some might be provided in case of unexpected demands. I was therefore surprise at your statement that you would command must not fall back under any circumstances unless before overpowering forces, of which there is no probability. Your ammunition for artillery will reach you as soon as it can possibly get to you. It was sent yesterday. Many troops are on the road up, both by land and water. There has been great difficulty about getting horses, but they are beginning to come in. One hundred mounted men, armed with carbines and pistols, leave here to-morrow to join you, and other will be sent forward as fast as possible. No treaty must be made with the Sioux, even should the campaign against them be delayed until the summer. If they desire a council, let them come in, but seize Little Crow and all others engaged in the late outrages, and hold them prisoners until further orders from these headquarters. It is idle and wicked, in view of the atrocious murders these Indians have committed, in the face of treaties and without provocation, to make treaties or talk about keeping faith with them. The horrible massacres of women and children and the outrageous abuse of female prisoners, still alive, call for punishment beyond human power to inflict. There will be no peace in this region by virtue of treaties and Indian faith. It is my pursue utterly to exterminate the Sioux if I have the power to do so and even if it requires a campaign lasting the whole of next year. Destroy everything belonging to them and force them out to the plains, unless, as I suggest, you can capture them. They are to be treated as maniacs or wild beasts, and by no means as people with whom treaties or compromises can be made. Urge the campaign vigorously; you shall be as vigorously supported and supplied.

I send this letter by Colonel Miller, who goes to take command of his regiment, the Seventh.

Please keep me advised frequently of your movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP RELEASE, NEAR LAC-QUI-PARLE, September 28, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Dist. of the Northwest, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to refer to my dispatch of yesterday for a detail of my military operations in this quarter. I have apprehended 16 Indians in the friendly camp adjoining who are suspected of being participators in the late outrages, and I have appointed a mili-

