
Harper's Ferry muskets at Fort Ridgely, if they can be furnished Indians and half-breeds, but have had to purge it of suspected characters. I have apprehended 16, supposed to have been connected with the late outrages, and have appointed a military commission of four officers to try them; if found guilty they will be forthwith executed, although perhaps it will be a stretch of my authority. If so, necessity must be my justification.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 29, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

Colonel Henry H. Sibley is made a brigadier-general for his judicious fight at Yellow Medicine. He should be kept in command of that column and every assistance possible sent to him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., September 29, 1862.

General LOAN,Jefferson City, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 26th, inclosing one from Colonel Thompson of the 19th, relating to Lane and Jennison and their threatened raid on Missouri, is received.

I will send one of my staff officers to Leavenworth to ascertain the facts. Lane's movements are often much exaggerated, and for that reason the rebels are very much afraid of him. So far as they are concerned a reign of terror is the proper check to them, and it would be well to make them understand they will have no sympathy at your hands. If he will pitch in at Cowskin Prairie he will not much better about Independence. We have got to fight the devil fire. We are not likely to use one negro where the rebels have used a thousand. When I left Arkansas they were still enrolling negroes to fortify the rebellion. You think Lane and Jennison should be sent to a "safe place." I think it will be safe to send them against the rebels and Indians that are now collected and invading McDonald, Barry, and Stone Counties. But let terror reign among the rebels. It will be better to have them under such power than loose, to carry on this guerrilla warfare, which drives god people out of Jackson and Lafayette.

I am told Porter crossed over into your district yesterday. I hope you are after him by this time, with any force, even negroes, if they could catch him. What rights have the rascals that go skulking around in the garb of citizens, not soldiers? Even our Enrolled Militia go with a badge on their hats, but these bands of so-called Partisan Rangers, sneak through the brush, with no emblems of war, but with the stealthy, concealed garb of private citizens seek to continue the business of stealing, robbing, and murdering. They deserve no quarters; no terms

