
of civilized warfare. Pursue, strike, and destroy the reptiles, and report to these headquarters as often as possible.

Respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.

HUDSON, MO., September 29, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT HUDSON, MO.:

There is a band of about 250 guerrillas in the vicinity of Otter Creek, south of Clarence, moving south, probably with intention to cross the railroad. They have adopted the white band upon the hat. Do not let any of your scouts be deceived by them, and execute at once any you may find who have adopted this badge without authority. Major Woodson drove a large party of them up Young's Creek toward Centralia, where they will probably cross.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, September 29, 1862.

Colonel HARDING,

Pilot Knob:

I fear trouble in the disbanding of the Washington County Militia. Be so good as to attend to it in person. Their arms issued by Government must be stored in the block-houses until wanted again. If you find it advisable under all the circumstances to replace Poten's regiment on the road by another you can do so; say by Gray's regiment. None other would do at present. Prevent all trouble in Washington County, if possible. Go to Potosi yourself and give Melcher his instructions.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, September 29, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel LAZEAR,

Greenville:

Immediately on the departure of Colonel Boyd with the companies of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers for Pilot Knob you will assume command of all the troops at Greenville, which, on the arrival of the First Wisconsin Cavalry, will probably number 1,200 effective cavalry and artillery. be vigilant. Remember that you are an outpost for the Knob. Keep constant patrols scouring the country a day's march from your post. Recollect that no cavalryman should ever suffer himself to be surprised, and instill it into your officers and men at the point of the sword. If overpoweringly attacked, and your patrols should give you timely notice, fall back on Pilot Knob, reporting to Colonel Boyd, in command there.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

44 R R-VOL XIII

