
on the river, it was fired upon by a party of rebels from the opposite bank. Seven men are missing, supposed to have been killed. Five wagons and 24 mules also gone. It is said there are about 100 rebels on this side of the river. I have sent a company of cavalry to re-enforce the troops at Prospect Bluff, and a company of infantry is preparing to go now. At West Point, 12 miles below our bridge, on the south side of the river, are two ferry-boats. West Point is half as large as Searcy, and is the headquarters of this band of rebels. I have only one and a half companies of cavalry here in camp, and they are on duty or just off. Mr. Van Metre, who goes with the bearer of this, is apparently a Union man, or at all events he gives us what information we have, and he also brought our foraging party safe into camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Colonel OSTERHAUS,

Commanding First District.

MAY 19, 1862.-Skirmish at Searcy Landing, Ark.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Southwest.

No. 2.-Colonel Peter J. Osterhaus, Twelfth Missouri Infantry, commanding Third Division.

No. 3.-Colonel Francis Hassendeubel, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

No. 4.-Major Eugene Kielmansegge, Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

No. 5.-Captain Francis Wilhelmi, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

No. 6.-Captain John J. Kaegi, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

No. 7.-Lieutenant August Fischer, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

No. 8.-Lieutenant Henry Neun, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Southwest.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,At Alkoy's, Ark., May 24, 1862.

GENERAL: In the fights near Searcy the Seventeenth Missouri suffered most and must have done most of the fighting. A part of two companies were surrounded and fought bravely till their comrades came to their relief. After the first conflict ambulances were sent to collect the dead and wounded, and they were attacked, destroyed, and the surgeon of the regiment taken prisoner. All this was gallantly resented by our troops, but I am not yet informed how it was that such advance movements were not properly protected wit the little howitzers and why my troops were so surprised.

A terrible rain, continuing for thirty-six hours, has created a flood, which is very inopportune to my movement. The ox-train had brought me a supply of seven or eight days, and on this I hoped to reach Little

