SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Numbers 3. Jefferson City, September 29,, 1862.

I. A large proportion of the wealth of the country is in the hands of disloyal inhabitants, who have no articles in kind required for the subsistence of troops, whereby they have hitherto escaped bearing a reasonable share of the burdens imposed upon the disloyalists of the county. For the purpose of equalizing such burdens as near as may be an assessment of $5,000 is hereby levied upon the disloyal inhabitants of Jefferson City, whereof the sum of $3,000 will be applied to subsisting the Enrolled Militia whilst engaged in actual service, and the remaining $2,000 is appropriated to the relief of the destitute families of the soldiers engaged in actual service and to relieve temporarily destitute refugees who have been driven from their homes by rebels or guerrillas.

II. Dr. William A. Curry, Dr. Bernard Bruns, P. T. Millers, esq., Colonel Allen P. Richardson, and T. W. Cloney, esq., are hereby appointed commissioners to assess, and collect said sum of money. They will determine the persons upon whom the levy shall be made and the amount thereof that each shall pay.

III. Said commissioners will at once proceed to determine who shall pay said assessment and to fix the amount to be paid by each. As soon as this is done they will cause notices to be served upon said persons, notifying them of said assessment and the amount thereof which they are respectively required to pay, and requiring them to pay the same within ten days from the date of the service of the order.

IV. Should any person after being so notified fail, neglect, or refuse to pay the amount so assessed and required to be paid by him for ten days he will be arrested and held in close custody, and the provost-marshal will at once seize sufficient of the personal property of such person to pay said assessment and advertise and sell the same without delay, the sale to be in some public place, to the highest bidder for cash, and to be made between the hours of 9 o'clock in the forenoon and 5 o'clock in the afternoon.

V. The money collected for the subsistence of the militia will be paid out by the commissioners, from time to time as it is collected, on the orders of the quartermaster and commissary for the Enrolled Militia at this place, who is hereby required to account on his monthly statements and quarterly returns for all supplies paid for by this fund.

VI. The money collected for the destitute families and refugees will be paid out on the orders of Dr. A. Peabody or Mrs. A. P. Richardson, Mrs. T. L. Crawford, or of any two of them, they being hereby appointed a board to distribute the same.

VII. This assessment may be paid in such articles as would be bought with the money, provided the same will be delivered at cash prices, as required, and at such places as may be designated.

BEN. LOAN,Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, In the Field, Fort Scott, September 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: Your dispatch dated September 27, inclosing letter of instructions from General Curtis, is received.

Your communication, as also that of General Curtis, indicates that

