
you understand the department to be merged in that of Missouri. If such is the fact I am not notified of it, as I have had no instructions from any official sources that our relations have been changed. If General Curtis has received authority to take command of this department and the forces under my command he should have sent with his letter a copy of his order. But whether our relations are changed or not I shall ever be ready, as I always have been, to co-operate heartily with you and General Curtis against the common foe. I shall endeavor to leave here to-morrow evening, and with a small mounted force move by forced marches to join General Salomon and Colonel Weer.

The Second Kansas (cavalry) and Third Wisconsin (cavalry) and Eleventh Kansas (infantry, 1,000 strong) and two batteries will be here by Thursday evening, October 2. I shall leave orders for them to follow me by forced marches. I expect the Twelfth and Thirteenth Kansas Regiments (infantry), 1,000 strong each, to arrive here from Leavenworth in the course of seven or eight days, when they also, with the First and Second Indian Regiments, will proceed immediately to join me in the field. The new regiments have been delayed in getting into the field for the want of arms, but are now supplied. A large supply train, accompanied by the paymaster, will leave here Thursday morning for General Salomon's and Colonel Weer's commands. Unless the enemy are advancing in force and determined to bring or an engagement I would suggest that we defer offensive movements in force until to support our artillery is what we especially need, and for the want of which my movements have been hitherto embarrassed.

Hoping, general, to see you in person in a few days, when we can more fully mature our plans, I am, with the highest regard, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, In the Field, Fort Scott, September 30, 1862.

Brigadier General F. SALOMON:

GENERAL: I have this moment received your dispatch of the 28th, inclosing copies of letters from Colonel Weer of the 26th and 27th.*

I have ordered all the available force here to march immediately, and proceed by force marches until they form a junction with you. The forces that will move to-night are the Second Kansas, the First and Second Indian Regiments, and Rabb's battery. The Third Wisconsin and Blair's battery are expected here to-night, and will follow immediately.

Unless you are confident of your ability to make a successful fight you will not risk a battle, but fall back slowly, endeavoring to draw the enemy on until you form a junction with the re-enforcements coming up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

