HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Camp at Centre Creek, September 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: There has been firing of cannon in the direction of Newtonia, but the firing has ceased. I have just received the following order from General Salomon:

Colonel HALL,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Missouri State Militia:

Advance immediately toward Newtonia. Heavy firing in our advance. By order of General Salomon:

A. BLOCKI,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Send answer where you will strike Newtonia road.

I have accordingly ordered my command to advance immediately in the direction of Newtonia. I have ordered Captain Withaup, with two companies of the Fourteenth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, to take charge of the train, and in case of danger to fall back with said train as near as possible midway between Fort Scott and Springfield, and to keep me fully advised of his movements.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Cavalry, Mo. S. M., Commanding Brigade.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Numbers 4. Jefferson City, September 30, 1862.

I. A large proportion of the wealth of the disloyalists in this district is in hands of disloyal persons, who reside in or in the vicinity of the cities and towns and who have no articles in kind required for the subsistence of troops, and have in consequence escaped bearing a reasonable share of the burdens imposed upon the disloyal inhabitants. For the purpose of correcting this evil, and with the view of equalizing these burdens as near as may be, the sum of $5,000 is hereby levied upon the disloyal inhabitants of Booneville and the municipal township in which is situated, and the sum of $15,000 is hereby levied upon the disloyal inhabitants of Lexington and the municipal township in which it is situated.

II. Lieutenant-Colonel Pope, commanding, by order, will provide for the assessment, levy, collection, and distribution of said sum of money, by the appointment of commissioners and directing the means of enforcing the order in detail.

III. Brigadier General R. C. Vaughan, commanding the Enrolled Militia at Lexington, by order, will provide for the assessment, levy, collection, and distribution of said sum of money assessed upon the disloyal inhabitants of the city of Lexington, by the appointment of commissioners and directing the means of enforcing this order in detail.

[BENJ. LOAN,]

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 5. Saint Louis, Mo., September 30, 1862.

I. The regiments in this district serving south of Saint Louis are brigade as follows, viz:

First Regiment Infantry, Missouri State Militia (Gray's), Thirty-first

