
breeds dispatched to gather the crops of corn and potatoes in the fields below.

The rescued captives of pure white blood, amounting in number to exactly 100, and half-breeds probably 150 more, will go down to-morrow. The is probably not a hostile Indian below this of the Sioux tribe, so that i apprehend no further danger to the settlements now. But even in no farther pursuit of Little Crow can be made this fall, it will be necessary to station strong garrisons at points above Fort Ridgely, with a sufficient force of mounted men to pursue and destroy any band of prowlers who may be compelled by hunger to renew these depredations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Military Expedition.

N. B.-I have evidence that Little Priest and part of his band of Winnebagoes participated in the hostilities at New Ulm and elsewhere.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., October 1, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Much has been said against building forts for armies in the field. I hope you have well considered before commencing at Springfield and had high sanction. We cannot keep a large force at such an out-of-the-way place, and therefore we may find such works an incumbrance. If you can concentrate your work and give me a report I would like it. I am fortifying Helena, and do not object very extensively. I suppose 1,000 men would be a sufficient garrison after we driven the enemy back, as we must do; but let me hear from you about this fort building. Contrabands should be used as far as possible. I use nothing else at Helena.

I telegraphed to-day the news from Helena. Governor Phelps came up to Cairo to get me to countermand orders which I sent for Steele to move promptly to Pilot Knob, in conformity with you suggestions. It seems therefore, General Steele did not start before my orders arrived; probably on the 28th. Governor Phelps is anxious for troops to go into Southwest Arkansas, and seems to think the Arkansas troops are still most of them near Little Rock, and not on the borders of Missouri. However this may be, I do not countermand, but hope Steele is moving up as I can have more force for your army and that in the southeast of this State.

Boyd thinks McBride has 5,000 or 6,000, and he ought to know better than Governor Phelps, as he is much nearer McBride. All accounts concur in the opinion that a considerable force has been added to the Arkansas conscripts from Missouri and Texas; therefore your force must be massed till it is organized and ready to drive whatever the enemy may have.

Write me fully and frequently.

Respectfully, yours,SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

