
OSAGE SPRING, ARK., October 1, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

Your dispatch of the 29th was received yesterday morning at Fayetteville, and that of the 30th last evening at this place. My scouts yesterday morning went several miles beyond the camp from which the enemy was driven by General Herron, but could find no trace of them. I therefore returned to this place with General Totten's division. I believe the rebels are concentrating and intend to try aggressive operations in this part of the State, probably along the interior line, from Hartville and Yellville to Springfield. Hindman brought some arms to Ozark for his conscripts, and I believe one brigade, about 3,000 strong, under McRae, has since come up. I make his forces when concentrated from 25,000 to 30,000. I am watching the suspected movements as closely as possible, and hope to have reliable information soon. I may have to go for it in force. None of my spies return. Colonel Marsh has arrived.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF SOUTHWEST MO., Camp McClellan, October 1, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,Commanding Army Southwest Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: It appears that Salomon has moved down to Newtonia and attacked the enemy, and now at this late hours reports result uncertain. He certainly had no instructions for any such more as I understand it from you, and unless he succeeds in his untimely effort deserves severe condemnation. I shall march at the earliest possible moment toward Verona unless receiving other instructions from you or meantime I hear of Salomon being repulsed, in which case i shall move to his immediate support; but should like to hear from you, or in fact consult with you if you can make it convenient to come out. I shall have my wagons packed and wait an hour or two for instructions from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, In the Field, Fort Scott, October 1, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,Commanding Department of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt by telegraph of General Orders, Numbers 1., Headquarters Department of Missouri, September 24, 1862. Also by land mail General Orders, Numbers 135, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, placing what was the Department of Kansas under your command. This was the first official notice I had that the change had been made. On the 29th ultimo I received a communication from General Schofield, dated Springfield, September 27, inclosing copy of letter from your headquarters of same date, which indicated that the relations of this department had been changed. A copy of my reply to General Schofield, of September 30, is herewith inclosed.*

---------------

*See date referred to, Brigadier-General Blunt to Brigadier-General Schofield.

---------------

