
file with the officer granting the permit an affidavit that the quantities, descriptions, and value are correctly stated in said invoices, true copies of which shall be annexed to and filed with the affidavit, and that the packages contain nothing except as stated in the invoices;that the merchandise so permitted shall not, nor shall any part thereof, be disposed of by him or by his authority, connivance, or assent, in violation of the terms of the permit, and hat neither the permit so granted nor the merchandise to be transported shall be so used or disposed of by him or by his authority, connivance, or assent as in any way to give aid, comfort, information, or encouragement to persons in insurrection against the United States. And, furthermore, that the application is loyal to the Government of the Untied States, and will in all things so deport himself.

VI. No permit shall be granted to ship goods, wares, or merchandise to States or parts of States heretofore declared to be in insurrection, or to places under insurrectionary control, or occupied by the military forces of the United States, except to persons residing or doing business therein whose loyalty and good faith shall be certified by an officer of the Government or other person duly authorized to make such certificate, or by a duly appointed board of trade therein, by whose approval and permission only the same shall be unladed or disposed of. And no permit shall be granted to ship merchandise from any such State or part of State in violation of any order restricting shipments therefrom, made for military purposes by the commandant of the department from which such shipment is to be made.

VII. Collectors or surveyors of customs, before granting clearances or permits, may require bond, with reasonable surety, in such cases as they shall think necessary to protect the public interests, conditioned that there shall be no violation of the terms or spirit of the clearance or permit or of the averments of the affidavit upon which the same is granted.

VIII. No permit shall be granted to ship intoxicating drinks, or other things prohibited by the military authorities, into territory occupied by the military forces of the United States, except upon the written request of the commandant of the department in which such territory is embraces or of some person duly authorized by him to make such request.

* * * *

X. No vessel, boat,or vehicle used for transportation * * * westwardly or southwardly on or form the Mississippi River below the mouth of the Des Moines shall receive on board any goods, wares, or merchandise destined to any place commercial intercourse with which now is or hereafter may be restricted as aforesaid, unless the same be accompanied with a permit of a duly authorized officer of the Treasury Department, except as hereinafter provided in regulation number XIV.

XI. No vessel, boat, or other vehicle used for transportation from Eastern cities or elsewhere in the loyal States, shall carry goods, wares, or merchandise into any place, section, or State restricts as aforesaid without the permit of the duly authorized officers of the customs, application for which permit may be made to such authorized officer near the point of destination as may suit the convenience of the shipper.

XII. No vessel, boat, or other vehicle used fro transportation shall put off any goods, wares, or merchandise at any place other than that named in the permit as the place of destination.

XIII. Before any boat or vessel running on any the Western waters south of Louisville or Saint Louis, or other waters within or adjacent to any State or section commercial intercourse with which now is or may hereafter be restricted as aforesaid, shall depart from any prot where there is a collector or surveyor of customs, there shall be exhibited to the collector or surveyor or such other officer as may be authorized to act in his stead, a true manifest of its entire cargo and a clearance obtained to proceed on its voyage; and when freights are received on board at a place where there is no its voyage; and when freights are received on board at a place where there is no collector or surveyor, as hereinafter provided in regulation XIV, then the same exhibit shall be made and clearance obtained at the first port to be passed where there is such an officer, and such vessel or boat shall be reported ad the manifest of its cargo exhibited to the collector or surveyor of every part to be passed on the trip where there is such an officer; but no new clearance shall be necessary unless additional freights shall have been taken on board after the last clearance. Immediately on arriving at the port of final destination, and before discharging any part of its cargo, the manifest shall be exhibited to the surveyor of such prot or other officer authorized to act in his stead, whose approval for landing the cargo shall be indorsed on the manifest before any part thereof shall be discharged; and the clearance and shipping permits of all such vessels and boats shall be exhibited to the officer in command of any naval vessels or military post whenever such officer may require it.

XIV. To facilitate trade and good against improper transportation "aids to the revenue" will be appointed from time on cars, vessels, and boats, when desired by owners, agents, or masters thereof, which aids will have free carriage on the respective cars, vessels, and boats on which they are placed, and will allow proper

