
OCTOBER 2, 1862.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

General Salomon, of the Kansas troops, attacked the enemy near Newtonia on the 30th and was repulsed. Full reports not received. My orders to mass the troops (forces of Missouri and Kansas) should have arrived before this time, and I hope to have better reports soon. Have sent officer to inspect and organize troops of Kansas. Instead of moving, as ordered, from Helena, Governor Phelps comes up to Cairo and telegraphs for a change of orders. This will delay re-enforcements intended, but I trust not long.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,October 2, 1862-3 p. m.

Colonel HARDING, Pilot Knob:

Send an express to Boyd, if the line is down, to march the companies of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers to Pilot Knob at once, bringing all sick from Greenville with him. Let him post Colonel Lazear, who commands the cavalry brigade, thoroughly with all the information necessary. When Boyd arrives, if you do not choose to come up under the authority granted you, assume command of the First Brigade for the present, and have it fitted with everything it requires.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST MISSOURI DISTRICT,Macon City, Mo., October 2, 1862.

Major HOWELL:

SIR: In reply to your inquiries in regard to the treatment of guerrillas I have to say as follows:

The Government can still afford to be merciful to these men, and while they have been thoroughly convinced that we do not fear them and do not intend to trifle with them, yet if they will come and in good faith deliver themselves up as prisoners their lives will be spared. This includes all those who have violated their oath as well as others.

The disturbed condition of the country, and the existence of these wandering bands, does, and will prevent any more favorable terms to these men, and no more favorable terms will be offered them until they put themselves in the right attitude by laying down their arms and delivering themselves up. They have seen that it so impossible for them to cross the river; their leaders have been captured, killed, or deserted them, seeking their own safety, while their dupes are left to take care of themselves, and that these men have constantly lied to them. Have they not had enough of the deceit and selfishness of these cowardly men, who have misled them? Let them come in and their lives will be spared, or let them stay where they are and they will be shot wherever found.

We have never yet broken faith with them; their leaders have never

