
of the person from whom it was taken in making up the account of his payment.

VIII. When an assessment is made and payment refused or neglected, after due notice the committee will notify the military commander of the fact, who will cause property to four times the amount of the levy to be seized from the delinquent and publicly sold to pay the amount.

IX. Notice of assessment will be made as follows: To persons living 5 miles and less from the point at which the payment must be made four days' notice, and one day longer notice for every additional 8 miles of travel necessary to make delivery of the amount levied. In extreme cases, of which the committee must be the judges, shorter notice, at their discretion, may be given, allowing, however, a reasonable time for the delivery.

X. Each member of the committee will take the following oath before entering upon the discharge of his duties:

I,--, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully and honestly discharge my duty as a member of the assessment committee, constituted by General Orders, No.-, Headquarters Northeast Missouri District, in accordance with the rules therein laid down, to the best of my ability: So help me God.

XI. Each local commissary will take the following oath before entering upon the discharge of his duties.

I,--, do solemnly swear that I will honestly and faithfully, discharge the duties of commissary for the Enrolled Militia; that I will honestly expend the moneys which may come into my hands from the assessment committee in the manner and for the purpose indicated in General Orders, No-, Headquarters Northeast Missouri District, and that I will not have any pecuniary or other interest in any purchase which I may so make: So help me God.

XII. When horses are necessary to mount the local militia they will be obtained by requisition upon the county committee, who [will] direct them to be furnished by those subject to assessment who can best spare them, taking care to avoid stripping a farm entirely or seriously crippling its means of cultivation. These horses will be receipted for by the committee, and to them by the militia-men to whom they are issued, who will be held responsible for their return and careful usage. In case they are unavoidably lost or killed in action, of which there must be some proof, the value will be paid the owner by a general assessment upon those required to furnish horses. Horses so taken will be returned to their owners as soon as the necessity for their use is past. In no case will horses be taken to mount a militia-man who can mount himself, unless by so doing he would entirely strip his own farm.

By command of Brigadier-General Merrill:

GEO. M. HOUSTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 2, 1862-5 p. m.

Major General W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Dispatches from Sibley just received. He reached Lac-qui-Parle and found about 600 Sioux, who professed to be friendly. He is investigating the facts, and has arrested 16, who are now being tried by military

45 R R-VOL XIII

