
commission. Little Crow, with his band, has retreated to Big Stone Lake. Sibley will follow as soon as possible, but it is next to impossible to supply him with food; there are no means in my possession or which I can get. I will however push him forward at all hazards. The whole of the annuity Indians are restless, and ought to be disarmed at once. I have asked authority to do so.

Permits to trade ought to be recalled by the Indian Department, and no white men except agents permitted among the Indians. Will you have such an order procured from Interior Department? General Elliott informs me from Omaha that white men (secessionists) are among the Indians urging them forward. He is endeavoring to arrest them. A campaign against the Indian tribes in this department will be necessary in the spring, and ought to be provided for this winter. Sibley recovered most of the white prisoners. Many of them were killed, and nearly all those recovered are young girls, who have been shockingly abused. At least 5,000 paroled troops ought to be sent here, so that the new Minnesota troops can go South. I recommend that the authority given the Governor of Minnesota to raise a mounted force for three months be revoked. I am mounting the Third Minnesota paroled; it is much better.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ELKHORN, ARK., October 3, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

GENERAL: There is as yet no indications of the return of the enemy this side of Boston Mountains. I have sent strong scouting parties in the direction of Berryville and Carrollton, and hope to know what the enemy is doing at Yellville very soon. I am gradually falling back, using up all the forage as I go. General Blunt is 7 miles west of Bentonville. There seems nothing more to be accomplished by my forces in this part of the country, unless to consume what little forage is left in the southern part of Missouri.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF S. W. MO., Numbers 12 Camp Curtis, 6 miles east of Sarcoxie, October 3, 1862.

* * *

II. The First Division Army of Southwestern Missouri, under command of Brigadier-General Totten, and the division of the Army of Kansas, now encamped near Sarcoxie, under the command of Brigadier. General Blunt, will march from their respective camps at 8 o'clock p. m. to-day and attack the enemy at or near newtonia at dawn of day to-morrow. Before marching the camps will be struck and wagons packed. The trains will be left at the present camp until further orders under guard of the sick, but will be ready to move at any moment. Ambulances and hospital and ammunition wagons will move with the brigades to which they belong. A full supply of ammunition (if practicable 100 rounds to each man, including that in cartridge boxes) will be carried.

