
General Blunt will move his division by the main road from Sarcoxie to newtonia to some point within a few miles of the enemy and there divide his force into two columns, the first, under his immediate command, to approach and attack the enemy in front by the main road; and the second will make its way to the enemy's left flank by a country road and attack the enemy in flank. These two columns will be kept within supporting distance of each other.

General Totten's division will move via Jollification in a single column and attack the right flank of the enemy's position. The commanding general will accompany this column, and will determine the details of the attack hereafter. Should either column find the enemy in force in the timber along Center Creek, so as to render it necessary to defer the passage of the timber until daylight information will be immediately communicated to the general commanding the other column. Both columns will if possible make the attack at dawn of day, but should either be delayed he other will endeavor simply to occupy the attention of the enemy long enough for the other to come up, making its actual attack as soon as the other shall be engaged.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 3, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Paul, Minn.:

That part of your telegram yesterday relating to Indian agents has been referred to the Secretary of the Interior. The War Department declines to revoke the authority given to the Governor of Minnesota.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 3, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Saint Paul:

GENERAL: The latest reliable intelligence from above represents Little Crow, with a small band of followers, is making his way toward the Yankton Sioux, on James River, while the large majority of his former adherents are slowly returning with their families to deliver themselves up to me, with a hope, it may be supposed, that they will be leniently dealt with.

I have sent messengers to them to-day stating to their people that their only hope of mercy, even to the women and children, will be their immediate return and surrender at discretion. If the information received is correct, their arrival here in a few days may be looked for, and there will be plenty of work for the military commission in ferreting out and punishing the guilty. That tribunal has been engaged in the trial of between 20 and 30 of the Indians in the neighboring camp, who are now my prisoners, suspected of participating in the murders and outrages committed on the frontier. The proceedings have not yet been submitted to me, but will be probably to-morrow.

