
he must be pursued by my troops into your country, but you will not be injured nor any of your men who have not been engaged in the murders perpetrated by the bad Indians. I learn that you intend to come down to see me with some of your bands. I do not wish you to dos so, because I have a great many men who are very angry because so many of their white relations have guilty bands and fire upon you. I do not wish you to suffer from any such mistake; therefore I desire you to remain at your own villages until I can have time to go and talk to you in council. Keep you bands separate from the wicked men who have broken peace with their Great Father. There are many other troops going in search of these bad men besides those I have with me, and they will all be caught and punished.

Your friend,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Military Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 3, 1862.

Those Indians of the Medawakanton, and Wahpeton bands of the Sioux who have separated themselves from Little Crow and desire to return and surrender themselves to their Great Father, must come down and encamp near me, sending in advance two of their principal men with a white flag. This must be done immediately, for there are other bodies of troops in search of Little Crow who will attack any camp they find unless they have protection. I will see that no innocent person is injured who comes to me without delay. Unless these people arrive very soon I will go in search of them with my troops and treat them as enemies; and if any more murders and depredations are committed upon the white settlers I will destroy every camp of the lower Indians I can find without mercy.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Military Expedition.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Sibley reports, under date of September 13, that hostile bands of Sioux are scattered at least 120 miles north of Lac-qui-Parle. Cannot-follow them with infantry; no cavalry here. He states that grass is dry and will not subsist animals. I apprehend no further outbreaks from Sioux, but strong force must be kept up along frontier settlements this winter. Sibley reports he has positive proof that numbers of the Winnebagoes, under their principal chief, were engaged in the recent outrages with the Sioux. I wish authority to disarm the Winnebagoes. The population in neighborhood of Winnebago Reservation greatly alarmed and leaving farms. When may I expect paroled regiments? The regiments are ready to go south as soon as relieved. Where do you wish Wisconsin regiments to be sent? Several are ready. Can I not have Lieutenant Colonel T. C. H. Smith made brigadier-general for distinguished services in Virginia? I need his services here much in that capacity.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

