
came in time to save the rest of their regimental brethren, and soon succeeded in driving the enemy from the field.

Our loss is comparatively very large. The forces engaged on our side did not exceed 250 to 300 men, and the casualties amount in Companies A, F, G, H, Seventeenth Missouri Volunteers, to killed, 14; wounded, 31; missing, 2; total, 47. In the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, killed, 1; wounded, 1.

The fight having been at very close quarters, the wounds are mostly severe and dangerous. One man had sixteen buck-shot in his shoulder, and is still living.

The loss of the enemy, whose strength is differently reported by our men and prisoners at from 700 to 1,200, could not be ascertained. They left 18 killed on the spot.

When, after the first encounter, our ambulances were sent out for the wounded, the atrocious enemy received them with their shots again, attacked them, took the mules, broke the ambulances, and made Dr. Krumsick, Third Missouri Volunteers, a prisoner. Immediately after my arrival I sent the available cavalry in pursuit of the retreating foe, and marched myself, with twelve companies of infantry, one light 12-pounder howitzer, and two companies of cavalry, toward Searcy and beyond, but the enemy had gone-probably to his old camping ground, behind Bayou Des Arc, whence they had started this morning very early.

I have no opposite news in regard to any larger forces at Des Arc on any other point. Rumors have it that there are some regiments and artillery arriving at Des Arc and Little Rock.

The inclosed letter was found on a dead rebel in the garb of a "Frost Artillerist."*

The only citizen who gave us occasional information about the rebels was found dead on the battle-field. They had undoubtedly forced him to take up arms.

Not a single one of your spies has made his appearance. I will order Colonel Porter and his cavalry forward as soon as the troops in his rear are close enough to secure our line of communication.

From the best information I can get I am inclined to believe that the forces to-day comprised the First Regiment Texan Rangers, Coleman's and Hicks' corps-in all about 600 men.

I am, general, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding Third Division.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest, in the Field.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Francis Hassendeubel, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,Camp, Searcy Landing, June 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I herewith respectfully submit to you the following report in relation to the fight south of the Little Red River, near Searcy Landing, Ark., May 19, 1862:

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

