
come up, as was first intended. They have abandoned the plan of making a stand here. My advance, consisting of 3,000 cavalry and some light artillery, is still in pursuit. I shall move forward with the main column as soon as my train can be brought up. I presume the enemy will not make a stand this side of Elkhorn Tavern, where Rains is now said to be. My intention is to push him as far and as fast as prudence will justify. I am not yet able to decide whether I shall be strong enough to attack him at once if he make a stand at Elkhorn Tavern, or whether I must wait a few days for re-enforcements, which can be brought up from Fort Scott and Springfield. I see from your last dispatch that you supposed our troops still in possession of Cassville. We were compelled to abandon it, and nearly al the country south and west of Springfield, a long time ago, and have not until now been able to recover it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

NEWTONIA, MO., October 5, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

My advance pursued the enemy to within 10 mils of Pineville, killing several and taking some prisoners. Rains has probably moved from Pea Ridge to Pineville, intending to make a stand at that place. I shall not attack him there. My position here is very secure, enabling me to protect both the Fort Scott and Springfield lines, and thus secure the co-operation of the Kansas troops until I can be re-enforced from Rolla. I have ordered forward General Herron's division on the Cassville road, where he is sufficiently advanced. If satisfied that I am strong enough, I propose to change my line to the Cassville road, and compel the enemy to abandon Pineville. I will not run any risk, as you can soon re-enforce me, so as to make all secure. This I understand to be the spirit of your instructions. I am much stronger here than with my forces divided at Springfield and Fort Scott, and hold much additional territory valuable for its forage and provisions.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 5, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: I sent 4 Indians up to the camp of the Indians who have abandoned Little Crow three days since with a message to them that they must come in immediately or I would go and attack them.

Last night I received a flag of truce from some of them, numbering 36 lodges, stating that they were coming in, and that a larger camp, of more than 50 lodges, were on their way down, and that they would send messengers to hasten their movements. I expect them down to-morrow. The greater part of the men are deeply implicated in the late outrages; indeed they constituted the force upon which Little Crow depended mainly to do his fighting. I have given them no assurances except that such as were innocent and the women and children should be protected, and I repeated to them what I had previously stated in my message to them, that if any more of their young men went off to

