
war upon the whites I would fall upon their camp and cut them to pieces, without regard to age or sex. The men assured me that all the parties wee in and that the war had altogether ceased on their part. When they have all arrived I will surround their camp with my forces and disarm, and take the men, except the older ones, prisoners, to be tried by a military commission, and send the rest with the women and children to join the other camp below, which, as I wrote you, is guarded by two companies of infantry, under Captain Whitney. There are other small parties also coming in, and I shall put them through the same process as fast as I can reach them.

The bands of Lower Sisseton Sioux, headed by Sleepy Eyes and White Lodge, consist of perhaps 100 or more fighting men, and these have gone with their families toward the Coteau des Prairies; they will probably be found on or near the Big Sioux or James River, where they usually make their fall hunts, and they can only be overtaken and destroyed by a sufficient force of mounted men. They were the perpetrators of the bloody massacres at Lake Shetek and other points near the Iowa line. They should be dealt with speedily, or it will be too late to operate in that region. If all the Medawakanton and Wahpeton Sioux deliver themselves up to me there will remain only Little Crow and the 5 men with him, the bands of Sissetons above indicated, and some of the Sissetons and Cut-heads of Big Stone Lake, who participated in the attacks on Abercrombie and that neighborhood, to be brought to justice. The greater part of the last-mentioned bands, those of Standing Buffalo, Wanatua, and Red Feather, have been friendly throughout the outbreak and give strong assurances of amity, and their decided refusal to receive or countenance Little Crow and his devilish crew is deserving of commendation and should insure them against injury by our troops. Still these bands require sifting and purging in order no discover the guilty individuals among them. I will make a further report when the Indians expected to-morrow shall have come in. Part of them are within 7 or 8 miles of my camp.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Schofield, with two divisions, one under General Blunt, of the Kansas, and the other under General Totten, of the Missouri, troops entered Newtonia on the 4th instant, driving out the enemy under the fire of the cannon. Casualties trifling. Glad to see my forces are uniting.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN DIVISION, MISSOURI,Saint Joseph, October 6, 1862.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I shall send by this mail a condensed report of the militia of this district. You will perceive from the report that we have 9,000

