
men in the militia, which is 1,000 more than I have heretofore reported. That number will be increased a little when full returns are received.

Colonel Moss, of Clay County, informs me that the secessionists of his county are impudent and elated at the prospect of a rebel triumph over General Schofield. I have directed the colonel to notify the people of Clay that if shall become necessary to station a considerable force of militia among them in order to preserve peace I shall levy a military contribution on the rebels of the county sufficient to pay and subsist the militia while thus engaged.

I fear no serious troubles in this district if the people of Kansas will let us alone.

I received a telegram yesterday morning from the provost-marshal of Leavenworth, stating that he had information of an intended raid on the part of Kansas thieves into Clay County, and advising me to be on the lookout for them. I at once sent the telegram by express to Colonel Moss, at Liberty, Clay County, and authorized him to call re-enforcements from Ray and Platte Counties if he needed them.

In order to understand this threatened raid it is necessary to refer to matters already considered and disposed of by General Schofield.

In August last Captain Harsell, of the Enrolled Militia Clay County, had in his custody 7 men, citizens of Kansas, who were claimed by C. R. Jennison as belonging to the United States service and under his command, and as having come to Clay County in obedience to his orders.

In the latter part of August I received from Captain Harsell a letter, of which the following is a copy, and also Jennison's letter:

LIBERTY, August 28, 1862.

General WILLARD P. HALL:

I herewith inclose communications purporting to be from C. R. Jennison. I wish more instructions from you. I will retain the messenger until I hear from you.

Yours, respectfully,

ANTHONY HARSELL,

Commanding Post.

I immediately returned to Captain Harsell the answer following:
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWESTERN DIVISION,Saint Joseph, August 29, 1862.

Captain ANTHONY HARSELL:

SIR: Your note of the 28th is received, and also the inclosure. You do not state the charges against Hunt, Hall, Hobbs, Miller, Blakely, and J. B. Swain, but I infer they have been violating the laws of this State. If they have been acting in obedience to orders of their superiors in Kansas, as they may have been mistaken as to the power of their commanding officer, your will return them to Kansas, but will assure them that a repetition of the offense will subject them to punishment under the laws of this State, and that they and all others guilty of the same offense will be held for trial according to the laws of this State.

Very respectfully,

WILLARD P. HALL,

Brigadier-General, Missouri Enrolled Militia.

On the 1st of September last I received a letter from James H. Moss, now colonel of Clay and Clinton County Regiment, stating that the men claimed by Jennison had been arrested by the military for stealing horses, negroes, and slapping women in the face and other outrages. He also stated that these men had been examined by a United State detective, who declared the men outlaws and thieves of the worst description. Upon this reception of Colonel Moss' letter I wrote to Captain Harsell the following:

