
Your progress so far is highly commendable, and I trust you will soon clear Missouri of the last of the invaders.

Yours, truly,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 50. Helena, Ark., October 7, 1862.

I. The undersigned hereby assumes command of this army.

II. The following is announced as the staff of the brigadier-general commanding:

Major Louis D. Hubbard, Third Illinois Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Surg. S. C. Plummer, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, medical director.

Lieutenant G. P. Brown, topographical officer.

Lieutenant L. Shields, Fourth Iowa Infantry, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant John E. Phelps, Third U. S. Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp.

Captain Greene Durbin, assistant quartermaster U. S. Volunteers, chief quartermaster.

Captain G. I. Taggart, assistant commissary subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary.

Major John McConnell, Third Illinois Cavalry, is announced as provost-marshal-general of all the forces encamped at or about Helena, Ark.

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, United States Volunteers.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 7, 1862-1.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Little Crow, with a small fragment of his band, has fled to the Yankton Sioux on James River. He will be immediately followed by a large mounted force.

I have ordered $500 reward for him dead or alive, so as to make him an outlaw among the Indians. Nearly the whole of his band have deserted him and are coming in begging for mercy. It will be necessary to try and execute many of those engaged in the late horrible outrages, and also some of the Winnebagoes. I shall disarm the Sioux and bring them down near Fort Snelling, where they will be fed for the winter, paying the expense from the annuity money. They must be brought here and disarmed, as the inhabitants will not return to their homes otherwise. There are also some of the Yankton Sioux whom the mounted expedition will demand and bring in. I again ask authority to disarm the Winnebagoes and feed them in like manner. There will not long be trouble as soon as the Government renders it impossible for white men to make money out of the Indians. I think there will be no more Indian hostilities this season in this part of the country, but a campaign should be made in the spring. The Red Lake Indians are hostile and plundered the traders of large quantities of goods. It is too late in the season to move against them.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

