
away, but his brother assures me his health is so impaired he cannot exist without some change. I wish I could ship all the troops, as I am told there is much sickness. I directed or suggested Colonel Slack, because he was tried and approved at Memphis. In regard to clerks, those ordered away had been so long drilled as personal attaches of the major he would not in his new increased labors dispense with them. General Halleck took away everything, and I have to begin de novo. The district is large and the command also, and you must therefore perceive the major's work is quite overwhelming.

Truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PALMYRA, MO., October 8, 1862.

JOSEPH C. PORTER:

SIR: Andrew Allsman, an aged citizen of Palmyra and a non-combatant, having been carried from his home by a hand of persons unlawfully arrayed against the peace and good order of the State of Missouri and which band was under your control, this is to notify you that unless said Andrew Allsman is returned unharmed to his family within ten days from date ten men, who have belonged to your band and unlawfully sworn by you to carry arms against the Government of the United States and who are now in custody, will be shot, as a meet reward for their crimes, among which is the illegal restraining of said Allsman of his liberty, and, if not returned, presumptively aiding in his murder.

Your prompt attention to this will save much suffering.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. R. STRACHAN,

Provost-Marshal-General District Northeast Missouri.

Per order of brigadier-general commanding McNeil's column.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. Major General MO. STATE MILITIA, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, October 8, 1862.

Pursuant to a commission from His Excellency the Governor of the State of Missouri, appointing me a major-general of the Missouri State Militia organized pursuant to orders from the War Department, I assume command as senior officer of that rank within the State.

Headquarters will be designated at the heading of this order.

Lieutenant Colonel C. S. Charlot, of the Missouri State Militia, is appointed assistant adjutant-general, and all reports concerning the Missouri State Militia will be made through him at these headquarters.

JNO. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP RELEASE,Military Expedition, October 8, 1862.

GENERAL: In accordance with the request of the field officers of my command, I have the honor to transmit herewith a document signed by them on the 7th, and addressed to myself, for your consideration.

