
The messengers dispatched by me to the upper camps returned last evening. They communicated my demand to their small camps, one of which, of 20 lodges, will be here this morning. They say that they dispatched young men to the larger camp, and they state that they were informed that all of the lower Indians were moving down, but slowly, as their horses and oxen are so poor and weak that rapid marches are impossible. I have determined to disarm the men in the 36 lodges near me as soon as the other 20 lodges come in to-day, and to treat the latter in the same manner, and then send them as prisoners to Fort Ridgely to be tried, as I have no means of confining them here, at least such is the impression I now have of the proper means to be taken.

I have but two days' rations of pork, sugar, salt, &amp;c., in the camp; but my train of wagons, which left two days since for Fort Ridgely, will be back on the 10th.

I will consider it as a personal favor if you will send up a few daily papers by the bear of dispatches. We have had no mail, and no newspapers later than the 30th ultimo.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP RELEASE, MINN., October 7, 1862.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY:

SIR: The undersigned, after cordially congratulating you upon your recent well-merited promotion, beg leave to represent that they have learned with much regret that you have asked to be relieved from your present command. They respectfully ask that you will immediately withdraw said application and remain in command of the expedition. They further earnestly request that you will use your best exertions with Major-General Pope to consolidate a brigade of the new Minnesota regiments, and that you remain in command thereof till the end of the war.

If at al consistent with public duty they would be gratified to have an opportunity after the close of this campaign to bring together and drill the scattered fragments and parts of the regiments for two or three months or such other length of time as the major-general commanding may deem best previous to the march against the common foe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. CROOKS.

STEPHEN MILLER,

Colonel Seventh Minnesota.

WM. R. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Minnesota.

GEORGE BRADLEY,

Major Seventh Minnesota.

R. N. McLAREN,

Major Sixth Minnesota.

R. C. OLIN,

Lieutenant, Third Minnesota.

M. HENDRICKS,

Captain, Battery.

