HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Camp Blunt, October 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

The heavy rain has rendered it impossible to move the trains from this place at present. Blunt's division will probably have to remain here until to-morrow at least. Brown is still in advance. At noon yesterday he was passing White Rock Prairie in pursuit of the flying rebels. The enemy has probably concentrated at Pea Ridge. He may attempt to flank us by a movement up the Cassville road. I have sent scouts to Pea Ridge and Cassville to inform me of any such movement, and directed them to report to you as well as to me. You should also send out scouts to watch all along the Cassville road and give you timely notice of any advance in force toward your position. If you learn of any inform me at once, and I will move to Hazel Bottom and strike them in flank. I take it for granted you have moved to Gadfly; if not, remain at Newtonia until further orders. Inform me as soon as possible where you are and your condition.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,In the Field, October 9, 1862.

Colonel C. W. ADAMS,

Commanding Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers:

SIR: Immediately on receipt of this you are directed to dispose the forces under your command so as to cover the eastern border of the State from the Kansas to the Osage Rivers. It is confidently believed that you can by a system of patrols and signals prevent the ingress of bands of Missouri guerrillas who have heretofore been devastating their hiding places in the border counties of Missouri. You will carefully instruct your men that the persons, property, and rights of the people of Kansas and the loyal people of Missouri should be held sacred, and any infraction should be promptly and severely punished. Parties sent into Missouri should be placed under command of active and prudent officer, with instructions to pursue bushwhackers to the death. After you have matured your plans and your forces disposed you should issue a proclamation to the citizens of Johnson and other border counties of Kansas and Missouri, who have fled their homes, to return thereto, promising them safety and protection.

To you and the troops under your command is intrusted the delicate and important [duty] of restoring peace to the border between the points named.

You should communicate frequently with the military authorities at Fort Leavenworth and Fort Scott.

Keep your troops well in hand, that they [may] not be cut off the detail, and that they may be concentrated a any given point without delay or confusion.

Major Henning, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, provost-marshal for the district of Kansas south of Kansas River, will from time to time issue such orders to you as he may deem necessary in relation to the disposition of your forces, &amp;c.

46 R R-VOL XIII

