
You will immediately on receipt of this order report by letter to Major Henning, stating your force, station, &amp;c.

By order of Brigadier-General Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN.,

October 9, 1862-10.45 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The Sioux war may be considered at an end. We have about 1,500 prisoners-men, women, and children-and many are coming every day to deliver themselves up. Many are being tried by military commission for being connected in the late horrible outrages, and will be executed. I have disarmed all, and will bring them down to Fort Snelling until the Government shall decide what to do with them. I have seized and am trying a number of Winnebagoes who were engaged with the Sioux.

The cavalry forces march immediately for the Yankton village, and will arrest the perpetrators of the murders at Spirit Lake. Posts must be kept up all along the frontier this winter to induce the settlers to go back. They are already returning in large numbers. It will in all views be advisable in the spring to make strong military demonstrations on the plains. The Indians are greatly terrified. I have destroyed all the fields and property of the Sioux. An expedition must be made to Red Lake as soon as possible. I am sending one into the Chippewa county.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 9, 1862.

Captain J. C. WHITNEY,

Commanding Detachment, Yellow Medicine:

SIR: I have received your dispatch containing the names of some Indians who absented themselves from the camp under your orders.

Upon consultation with Chaplain Riggs, who is acquainted with them, I have come to the conclusion that they have merely come up to their won fields above the Yellow Medicine to secure their crops. Even this however is irregular, and I would suggest that Agent Galbraith make out a full roll of the men in the Indian camp and require them to be in the camp night and morning, under penalty of arrest and confinement. I have a number of other lodges, nearly 50, which I shall purge of suspicious characters to-day, and send those supposed to be innocent, with the women and children, to join the camp, and report to yourself and the agent.

I hear that Captain Kennedy was met but a few miles on this side of Fort Ridgely on his way thither. I await your report in his case before taking further proceedings.

OCTOBER 10.

Since writing the foregoing I have your dispatch of yesterday. It would be well to secure the cattle you mention if it can be done.

