
I am glad to learn that everything is working well with you. If I can obtain the necessary tools for the repairs of the buildings I will have them sent you. Meantime you will please make what advance you can with what you have on hand.

When you send the explanation of Captain Kennedy is writing I will take such action as in my judgment the case may demand. Please say to Major Galbraith that I wish him to send up to me Gabriel Renville and Kawankee, to act as messengers for me in my intercourse with the upper camps.

There are about 60 lodges of Indians now near me, which I shall purge to-day or to-morrow, when the rest will be sent to join you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 9, 1862.

Adjt. General OSCAR MALMROS, Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th of August, asking for a supply of arms and military stores, to be used in suppressing Indian incursions, and to inform you that your application was referred to the general-in-chief, who is of the opinion that in consideration of the great scarcity of arms needed for the suppression of the rebellion it is desirable to await the report of General Pope relative to the condition of affairs with the Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, October 10, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I believe some Cherokee Indian regiments, with some white forces operating with them, now at or near Fort Scott, are within your department and under your command. John Ross, Principal Chief of the Cherokees, is now here an exile, and he wishes to know, and so do I whether the force above mentioned could not occupy the Cherokee country consistently with the public service.

Please consider and answer.

A. LINCOLN.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 10, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

My forces have driven the enemy to Pineville, near the Indian line. I yesterday ordered and advance, driving them into the Territory and beyond. I doubt the expedience of occupying ground so remote from supplies, but I expect to make rebels very scare in that quarter pretty soon.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

