HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Camp at Gadfly, October 10, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

The scouts from Cassville and from the direction of Keetsville have returned. Cassville was evacuated by the enemy night before last.

The information, though rather indefinite, goes to show that the rebels retreated with the intention of going to Bentonville.

The scout sent into Cassville consisted of three companies of cavalry, under Captain Jenks, and the one toward Keetsville the same strength, under Captain Fuller. Cassville might be occupied and telegraph established to that point. Forage reported somewhat scarce in that vicinity. Commissary train and parts of regimental trains stills stuck in the mud. Quite cold.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

SAINT PAUL, MINN.,

October 10, 1862-3 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The Sioux war is at an end. All of the bands engaged in the late outrages, except 5 men, have been captured. It will be necessary to execute many of them. The settlers can all return. I have not yet heard from the expedition to the Yankton villages, but with the return of that there will not be a hostile Indian east of the Missouri. The example of hanging many of the perpetrators of the late outrages is necessary and will have a crushing effect. I shall to-morrow issue an address requesting all the frontier settlers to return to their homes.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 10, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that more Indians have joined the camp near me, so that I have nearly 40 lodges, comprising 90 men, in my power; but I have not yet arrested the latter, as I expect another camp in to-day or to-morrow, the men of which might be frightened off were I to move prematurely. There are many desperate villains in both of these camps. I had a council with those who have come in yesterday. They had one captive, a small male child, who has been given up to me, and will be sent down to its mother, one of the released captives who was dispatched below a few days since.

A provision train which I sent down to Fort Ridgely four days ago will arrive to-morrow, when I shall move with a greater part of my force in search of those camps which are yet behind, as those who will deliver themselves up will probably all be in by that time. In accordance with your orders I will visit Big Stone Lake, but I am reliably informed that I shall find none of the Sisseton bands there, as they left more than a fortnight since for the buffalo region, at or near the Bear's lodge, some 60 or 70 miles beyond. I have received no dispatch from you since that of the 2nd instant.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

