HEADQUARTERS FORT SCOTT, KANS.,October 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding Department of Kansas, in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant I received a copy of the proceedings of a public meeting of the citizens in the vicinity of Iola, stating that at the time of reported approaches of the rebel Indians a large number of the Osage and other Indians had moved up in that vicinity and had become quit insolent, and requested me to send a force in that vicinity to prevent a general stampede of the citizens. I immediately addressed a letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Ratliff, commanding Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, requesting him to furnish me with a force of 100 men, as many mounted as possible, for the purpose of sending to Iola. Colonel Ratliff kindly furnished the force, although he was compelled to retain some of a force ready to start for the command under Major Burnett. The detachment started the next day, under command of Captain Stanhope, and I gave him instructions as contained in papers marked A.* Captain Stanhope has since reported to me with a letter from Mr. Burnett, register in the land office at Humboldt, copies of which I send you, marked B and H.* I directed Captain Stanhope to move his force to the vicinity of Humboldt and to remain there until everything become quiet. I have since heard from him, and believe that everything now is moving on quietly and that the people are returning to their homes. The Osages are moving back into their own country, and those belonging to the Second Regiment Indian Home Guards, numbering 260, were at Drywood on Wednesday of this week, intending to join the command, but owing to the severe storm most of them returned back to their own country again. At this time, while our people are so liable to Indian scares, I think it best to keep the force where it now is, and shall do so without you disapprove. Major Burnett arrived this evening, and tells me that your orders are that every one of the Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry able to be mounted shall be sent on. I hope those now at Humboldt are excepted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 11, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding, &amp;c., U. S. Army:

GENERAL: It is understood that you have been assigned to the command of the Federal forces in Missouri and Arkansas. I have been placed in command of the Confederate troops in the same States, as well as in the Indian Territory, Texas, and that part of Louisiana west of the Mississippi River. The high duties devolved on us respectively make it proper that there should be a well-defined understanding between us as to the manner of carrying on hostilities where any doubts or differences of opinion exist. Ordinarily when civilized and Christian nations are the belligerents no special settlements of any rules of warfare would

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

