
if application is made by the proper authority in conformity with the regulations of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 13, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Cassville, Mo.:

I am glad to meet you where I know the country and have immediate communication with you. From Cassville to West Plains, on your left, the country is a labyrinth and desolation. No army will assail you through them. Carne Creek is the key to all that region, and for the present I think it would be well to keep Herron there. I have news direct from Little Rock; also Little Rock paper of the 1st and 4th.

Holmes was at Little Rock; Hindman at Devall's Bluff, 40 miles east. Parsons, with about 8,000, had moved toward Missouri two weeks ago. He is now near Pocahontas, I suppose. Steen and McBride are near Pocahontas, with about 3,000. My information as to these matters is reliable. The Little Rock paper of the 4th speaks of the first affair at Newtonia as follows:

CLARKSVILLE, October 3, 1862.

Mr. George Adams, who belongs to Colonel Carroll's regiment, home on sick furlough, has just arrived from General Rains' headquarters, which place he left on Wednesday morning last. He reports that a courier arrived from Colonel Cooper to General Rains with dispatches, stating that he had heavy skirmishing all day Monday at Newtonia, Mo. On Tuesday the engagement became general, which lasted until late in the evening. Cooper succeeded in driving the enemy back 5 miles; the enemy lest 100 dead on the field. Our loss is 5 killed and 60 wounded. Cooper took 114 prisoners. On Tuesday night the Federals were re-enforced by 4,000. The fight would be renewed Wednesday morning. Last accounts Cooper was holding his ground when Adams left and a portion of Rains' command was ready to move.

CAMP McCULLOCH, October 1, 1862.

An express from Colonel Shelby arrived at 12 o'clock last night. Reports Colonels Cooper and Shelby as having been attacked by the Federals on yesterday. The enemy lost 100 in killed on the field and 103 prisoners, who are expected in this morning. Out loss is 5 killed and 50 wounded. The Federals were re-enforced; the fight occurred near Newtonia, Mo. Another fight is expected to-day.

Yours, truly,

J. BOLLETER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

P. S.-8.30 o'clock a. m. Express in reports the troops engaged nearly all night. We heard a few cannon-shots.

From this I infer Rains was within a day's ride of Newtonia at that time. He must have re-enforced his two colonels before you came up to that point. The news at Little Rock was that the Indians has deserted the rebel lines and would fight on our side. This about the Indians was rumor; but as to the location of Holmes and Hindman and their forces in that region it is reliable. That force is in no connection with you, and it cannot be moved by White River Valley in any reasonable time. It is evidently on the defensive or going toward Helena or Pilot Knob. Crane Creek is convenient to the only approaches from that White River country.

What, then, is your most reliable facts of forces in your front?

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

