
still at Bower's Mills. I have not seen him. He is reported to say that Cockrell is not going to attack the Federal forces, but only desires to get out of the State. He was riding a fine horse and was armed with two splendid revolvers.

The letter speaks for itself, and I thought it prudent to send it to you immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PLEASANT M. WEAR,

Major Enrolled Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP LEE, October 5, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN:

SIR: I arrived safely in this vicinity after three days' hard marching with all the men that I left you with near Pineville; found the Feds. thick in every quarter, all moving south to meet you.

We have been at work on a small scale; have some 1,500 men sworn into the service, and have not heard from a great many of the men that I have sent out recruiting; so the numbers may be largely augmented by the 10th, the day that I intend concentrating all the men that I have mustered into the service. I will be able to arm two-thirds of the whole number, and as all the Feds. and militia have gone south I think I will be able to carry everything before me when I move; and if you will make diversion in my favor about the 12th of October I think that I will be able to capture Sedalia and totally destroy the Southwest Branch, thereby cutting off all communication between Saint Louis and Springfield.

From all that I can learn there is not 3,000 militia in Missouri north of the Osage River, and they are scared out of their boots.

If I meet with no reverses you may look for me with a brigade 5,000 strong inside of thirty days from date. If you have any instructions for me send the bearer of this back, as he is a bold, daring fellow, acquainted with all the country.

Hoping every success may attend our united efforts to conquer a peace, I remain, yours, very respectfully,

J. V. COCKRELL.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 13, 1862-10.40 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Five regiments can be sent from this State by November 1. Please instruct me in time where to send them. The river closes about November 25. Three infantry regiments and such of the regiments of cavalry authorized by War Department as can be raised will remain. It is necessary to keep up the line of posts along the frontier during the winter to induce settlers to return. The troops retained will be sufficient for this purpose and to make the suggested demonstrations on the plains in the spring. The arrangements made in Dakota and Nebraska will insure security there. Letters to that effect received from the Governors. Have not yet heard from expedition to Yankton villages and Chippewa country. There is strong testimony that white men led the Indians in late outrages. Do I need further authority toe execute Indians condemned by military commission?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

