
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 13, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Paul, Minn.:

As the campaign against the Sioux for this fall is virtually ended, the Secretary of War directs that no more quartermaster's and commissary stores be collected in your department than may be necessary for winter's supply. At present the demands for means of transportation elsewhere are so great so to absorb all that can possibly be procured. The order sending the paroled prisoners to your department will probably be countermanded. If no operations can be carried on in the winter you will not require any additional forces.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 13, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: According to your orders I have disarmed and secured the Indian men near my camp, and have further given directions to Captain Whitney, in charge of the lower camps of Indians, to do the same, which was no doubt accomplished this morning. I have now 101 Indian men in custody, including the 21 under sentence, all of whom will be sent down as soon as possible, with those from the camp below.

I shall to-day dispatch an expedition of three companies of infantry and 50 mounted men to secure any straggling lodges which may be found about Lac-qui-Parle, or between there are the Coteau des Prairies, about 30 miles distant.

I find that the process of removing 1,500 men, women, and children to Fort Snelling is likely to tax not only my means of transportation, but my numerical force, so severely as to preclude the hope that anything more than detachment service to points not very far distant can be accomplished by my command until disembarrassed from this important but exceedingly perplexing charge. I have not received your dispatch of the 6th, nor any later than the 7th instant. If you deem proper I will take charge of the removal of the Indians below in person, as I should be very much gratified to have a leave of absence for thirty days. I think a personal conference with you would be of advantage to the public service in the present condition of things; and I think, further, that I can be better spared now from this region than I could perhaps be at a latter period.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

N. B.-Will you please inform me whether, under the sixty-fifth article of war, I have the right, as a general officer commanding an army in the field, to convene a general court-martial. There are men in arrest for desertion and other crimes who should be tried.

Respectfully, yours,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

