HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 13, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM [R.] MARSHALL:

SIR: I have placed you in command of an expedition principally to secure any Indians, with their familiar, who may be straggling about Lac-qui-Parle or between that point and the Coteau des Prairies. It may be necessary to visit the coteau, about 30 miles distant, and, if there is good reason to believe any Indian camp near, to go toward its southwestern limit, about 15 miles farther; but as it is not the intention to make a distant expedition, you will use a wise discretion, upon consultation with Major Brown, who accompanies you, and not penetrate too far into the country from this camp. You can assure the Indians that it is not the purpose of the Government to punish innocent persons, but they must surrender at discretion and come in under guard. You will of course prevent the men under your command from using any undue or unnecessary violence toward the Indians, should you take any of the latter, and especially do not permit any insult to the females.

I have directed the detachment to be furnished with six days' rations, although I do not expect you to be absent for so long a time. Reposing entire confidence in your judgment, I need hardly exhort you to exercise great vigilance and caution against surprise or ambush

Very respectfully, yours,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 14, 1862.

General BEN. LOAN, Jefferson City, Mo.:

A messenger and negro boy were taken in Lawrence County with dispatches from Cockrell to Hindman, saying that he (Cockrell) had left Hindman at Pineville and gone north; that he has 1,500 sworn in and expected many more by the 10th; that he could arm two-thirds, and expected to attack Sedalia about the 12th instant and destroy the Southwest Branch; that he had learned there were only 3,000 militia north of the Osage River. The messenger and boy say Cockrell is in Johnson County with about 300, and Quantrill in Jackson with 250. That Cockrell is not going to attack, but wants to get out of the State.

Catch him if you can.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CASSVILLE, MO., October 14, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

My forces are essentially located same as on the 12th, except General Herron's command, which is now coming up. Rains, with 4,000 infantry and eight pieces of artillery, is believed to be at Cross Hollows. Cooper, Coffee, and Shelby are between that point and the Indian Territory, much scattered, to obtain forage and provisions. Their exact locations not known. I am expecting reports every moment. I am about ordering a strong reconnaissance to feel of Rains. I am ready to advance at any moment if you so direct. I believe the enemy will con-

