
County and upon the townships of Dover and Middleton, in La Fayette County, by due appointment of commissioners and directing the means of enforcing this order in detail.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General Missouri State Militia, Commanding District.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 14, 1862-10 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

All troops from Wisconsin and Iowa can be at once sent where the Government needs them. One infantry regiment could be left in Iowa, which, with the mounted regiments raised by State authority, will be sufficient to protect the frontier and take part in the expeditions in the spring. I sent orders some time ago to Iowa for their regiments to proceed to Saint Louis as fast as organized, in compliance with previous orders of War Department.

I request that the order for the companies of the Third Cavalry at Detroit report here be not countermanded. I need them.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 14, 1862-11 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have not heard from expedition to Yankton villages. Indians preparing for battle; from all appearances there will be a decisive fight-about 500 lodges of them.

Sibley has plenty of men and artillery. No fear of results.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., October 14, 1862-2.15 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding, Saint Paul, Minn.:

Your communication addressed to this Department in relation to disarming the Indians and changing the policy of the Government in regard to them and your telegram to General Halleck on the same subject have been submitted to the President and are now under consideration by him. He instructs me to say that he desires you to employ your force in such manner as shall maintain the peace and secure the white inhabitants from Indian aggressions, and that upon the questions of policy presented by you his instructions will be given as soon as he shall obtain information from the Indian Department which he desires.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

47 R R-VOL XIII

