
WASHINGTON, October 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: General Pope telegraphs that he will retain in Minnesota only three regiments of infantry and such cavalry as can be raised in that State. All other troops will be sent to Kentucky or Tennessee. The Indian war in that quarter is deemed to be ended for the season. All the supplied intended for the Upper Mississippi and not wanted there should be sent elsewhere.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 14, 1862.

Captain J. C. WHITNEY,

Commanding Detachment at Yellow Medicine:

SIR: I have received your dispatch of to-day with accompanying papers. Your proceedings, as I expected, in carrying out my orders was well taken the judicious, and I feel gratified that your success was so complete. In order to enable you to guard your prisoners perfectly for the few days required for preparation for their removal, I have ordered Captain Wilson's company, under the command of Lieutenant Parker, to proceed to-night to re-enforce you. He will report to you for orders, and I desire that you will keep a strong guard over the prisoners, so as to avoid any danger of the escape of any of them. They will have to be secured with irons around the leg two together, as I have done here; I have now 101 men fixed in that way, who I shall send down shortly under a guard to join those you have in confinement, and then dispatch the whole to Fort Snelling. It is probable there are some innocent men among the prisoners in both camps, especially among your own; but it is impossible to winnow them out now, and they must all be taken down together.

The Indians, men, women, and children, must be principally fed on corn and potatoes, although I do not object to their receiving fresh beef twice a week when it can be obtained. Our own supplies are too scant to enable us to be very liberal on that score. You and Major Galbraith will please collect what trace-chains and suitable iron rods can be found, with a view to the extreme security of the prisoners against escape. I have addressed an official communication to Major Galbraith of this date. You will forbid the men released from custody from straying away from the camp.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 15, 1862-11.40 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

My Helena troops are in very bad health. I must relieve some more of them, so they can recover from summer diseases. More than half the Arkansas regiment at Helena is sick or dead. I want fresh troops to send down. Would like to have Illinois and Iowa sent immediately.

