
on the main road, it was reported to me that the secesh were coming. Immediately afterward I heard the war-whoop of the Texas Rangers, and saw them in a large body advancing toward me in a gallop, at a distance of 600 or 700 paces from my position, on the main road leading from Searcy to West Point. At once I ordered some men of Company A, of the Fremont Hussars, to inform Captain Rose and Captain Wilhelmi respectively that we were attacked. I ordered Lieutenant Neun to bring his company to the road leading to Hopper's farm, and to post his men behind the fences on both sides of the road leading to Hopper's farm, as I was convinced that this detachment of infantry was unable to stand the shock of the enemy's cavalry on the open road.

Seeing the infantry about to carry out my order, I gathered some cavalry and ordered them to guard the end of the road between the fences near to Hopper's farm, to prevent the enemy from cutting off our communication with Company G, of the Seventeenth Missouri Infantry. Ridding up to Hopper's farm, I met Captain Wilhelmi, with his company, marching in double-quick. Here I ordered him to turn to the left, march through the woods to the open field, take his position in the open field, and fire on the enemy engaged with Company H, under command of Lieutenant Neun. The enemy was checked by the fire of the infantry, fell back, and retreated to the woods. Seeing this, I ordered some cavalry, under Sergeant Maurer, of Company D, Fremont Hussars, to go with me to Whitten's farm, across the open field. Near to this farm I saw cavalry, under Lieutenant Rose, of Company C, Fremont Hussars, galloping down the main road to the place where Company H was first attacked. I ordered this detachment of cavalry to half and form into line on the road. Seeing the enemy advancing form Whitten's farm, I ordered this detachment of cavalry to charge upon them. After firing the enemy retreated to the woods, where the thickness of the timber and the fact that we had no fire-arms of long range prevented us from following them. Company C, Fremont Hussars, returned with me to the point on the road where Company H, of the Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, was first posted. Here I ordered Sergeant Kulle, of Company A, Fremont Hussars, to pick out some resolute, energetic, and daring men to try to get through the enemy's lines to inform the commander at Searcy Landing of our dangerous position.

While I was trying to improve our position by opening the fences on both sides of the road leading to Hopper's farm Sergeant Kuhle returned and reported that the enemy was too strong; that he could not get through his lines, and that Captain Rose, with Company B, of the Fremont Hussars, was following him. A few minutes later Captain Rose arrived, and reported that he had made two successful charges upon the enemy; that the road back to camp was in possession of the enemy, who outnumbered our forces, and could not be easily dispossessed.

Not being attacked by the enemy I gathered all the detachments, ordered the infantry to take a safe position behind the fences, and formed the three companies of cavalry in line in the open field. While entirely surrounded by the enemy and constantly subjected to the attacks of parties of 50 or 60 men coming out of the wood firing and returning under cover, I was able to bring the wounded to the forage wagons and to collect the guns and arms lying about the field.

While holding myself in readiness to get through the enemy's line with my united force I heard infantry firing, by which I saw that I should have assistance from our camp. I concluded, therefore, not to

