
So soon as the cavalry arrive with the spare horses you mention I will organized the expedition against the Yanktons with all speed, and after it is dispatched I will remove my camp to the lower agency to carry out your instructions, and after having executed those found guilty I will send the remainder under guard to Fort Snelling.

Permit me to express the opinion that the plan adopted by you will work much better as an example than if the prisoners were taken to Fort Snelling to be tried, for the lack of evidence there might have enabled many of the guilty to escape punishment, which will not be the case here.

I should be glad to conduct the proposed expedition against the upper Indians in person, but a severe attack of rheumatism, or something else like it, in the back, prevents me from taking the active exercise I am accustomed to, and apart from that I deem my presence here in closing up the operations connected with the prisoners as absolutely necessary. I shall therefore withdraw my application for leave of absence until I deem the time to have arrived when I can better be spared. You need not fear that any guilty Indian will escape punishment.

I beg leave to remind you, lest it escape your recollection in the hurry of business, that it is quite necessary I should be informed whether I have the legal authority to order a general court-martial, as there are cases in the camp in which at least one officer and several privates are charged with grave offenses, which should be disposed of without delay.

In case you bring to Winnebagoes up to witness the punishment of the guilty Sioux, I would suggest that several of Little Priest's band, with the chief himself, are obnoxious to the same charges. I believe I have the names produced in the evidence of seven of that band who are implicated.

I do not know how the expedition proposed can be carried out successfully without forage unless you have given orders for a prompt supply; nevertheless, when the horsemen and horses come, it will be pushed ahead, forage or no forage.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Carr telegraphs that he thinks Holmes, Hindman, and McCulloch are combining to attack him. Can't you send some fresh regiments that way from Illinois? I am moving against the forces at Pocahontas and Cross Hollows, but feel uneasy about Helena.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Memphis, October 17, 1862.

General E. A. CARR, Commanding, Helena, Ark.:

DEAR GENERAL: I had just concluded to send a flag of truce to Little Rock, Ark., to carry certain letters to Major General T. C. Hindman, when I received yours of the 6th, and now send the same, that General Curtis' answer may pass through you. You will receive herewith a

