
LEXINGTON, MO., October 17, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

Lieutenant-Colonel Woolfolk has just returned, with 225 men and two pieces of artillery. He drove the rebels, from 700 to 1,000 strong, across Johnson County. They are in precipitate retreat out of the State. The crisis is past here; we do not need any re-enforcements now. There will soon be peace here.

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT SCOTT,October 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas, in the Field:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Indian difficulties spoken of in my last report are quieted down, as per report of Captain Stanhope, marked A,* and that I have ordered Captain Stanhope to return with his command on the 20th of this month. Complaint has been made that small parties of rebels have made inward in the vicinity of Barnesville and some of the inhabitants left with their families, but on my assurance returned again, as I sent a small force in that vicinity and have since sent 30 men our of Captain Seaman's command to remain there for the present. The same parties came over near Squire Redfield's, on the Drywood, and robbed and plundered extensively, and I sent a detachment in pursuit of them, which has not returned. I feel the need of more cavalry, as for the last week there have not been sufficient men in camp to furnish picket guard.

On Wednesday night last some of my scouts returned and reported that Livingston was on the Dry Fork of Spring River, with 200 men, in wait for the train escorted by Captain Earl. I immediately ordered Captain Conkey, with all of his available force, to the assistance of Captain Earl, and they have just returned, with the train all safe. Livingstone was in wait, but did not make an attack, as Captain Earl remained at Carthage until Captain Conkey met him. Colonel Barstow has ordered Captain Derry, with his squadron, to the regiment, so that I have only Companies I and M. Colonel Chipman, chief of staff of General Curtis' staff, has been spending several days at this post, and expresses himself as highly pleased with everything in this district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 17, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: Since my last, acknowledging receipt of your dispatches of the 10th instant, I have received no dispatches from your headquarters.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

