
up White River, you will oblige me. Sickness and other pressing demands have made it necessary to withdraw force, which I hope soon to compensate from fresh levies. The point is of great importance.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ELKHORN TAVERN, ARK., October 18, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

My whole command is encamped about this place. I have information, though I am not yet certain of its truth, that Rains has gone toward Huntsville with his infantry and artillery, and that Cooper with his cavalry force has gone toward the Indian Territory. I suspect that the enemy will abandon this part of Arkansas. Rains' command, uniting with Holmes and Cooper and others retreating into the Indian country, or perhaps some of them, will endeavor to get into Missouri in my rear for plunder. It is currently reported among rebels that re-enforcements are coming up from Little Rock, but I do not credit the reports.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI,

October 18, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Elkhorn Tavern, Ark.:

Will direct the completion, but don't fancy the location to stand on. The rebels will attack you flank and rear by Roaring River and other places.

I believe I gave you the location of Holmes and others. They are certainly east of Little Rock. The Missouri bands are considerable trouble and threaten your trains. I have no fore to add as support, but will try to check with what I have. Jefferson City reports 1,500 at Portland on river. Lexington reports 700 in or south of Johnson County.

Springfield reports two or three regiments at West Plains, and Quantrill took and burned a town in Kansas yesterday. To check a move from West Plains through Houston I have sent more force to Salem,and Caldwell is en route from Lebanon.

Bands are small and generally trying to get out of the State, but no doubt anxious to destroy something in passing. If Rains has gone beyond Huntsville he must go beyond Boston Mountains, and you can make your detour west.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF MEMPHIS,Memphis, October 18, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter, including two for General Hindman,* was received yesterday, and I was on the point of sending them by a flag of truce to Little Rock when I received a letter from General Carr,*

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

