
on the defensive; but the recent experiences at Corinth will teach the Confederates that such experiments are dangerous.

Your force at Helena exceeds mine, but I will do anything strengthen you.

The boats Continental and Dickey were fired on yesterday above Fort Pillow from the Arkansas shore and to-day the Catahoula was fired on not more than 6 miles below our fort on the Arkansas shore. In both cases I will send and punish those who harbor and encourage such attacks. To reach the rightful parties will be an impossibility, and we must do something, even if every farm and plantation on the river is destroyed.

All the troops in Mississippi and Alabama are assembling at Holly Springs, about 50 miles southeast of Memphis; they are looking toward Bolivar and Corinth rather than Memphis. Our fort is so well advanced that I apprehend nothing from this quarter, but I don's want to make too many detachments.

I am always your friend and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, October 19, 1862.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Jeffers, with 500 men, took Commerce, Mo., to-day. Troops from above went to retake.

As Platte Valley passed Commerce the Union flag was flying half-mast, union down.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

ELKHORN TAVERN, ARK., October 19, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

At last accounts Rains was at Oxford Bend of White River, east of Fayetteville. It is reported by a rebel captain that Marmaduke had joined Rains with 5,000 men and six pieces of artillery. If this is true, he intends to make a stand; if not, he will undoubtedly retreat into the Arkansas Valley. I have not before heard of Marmaduke being in Arkansas recently, and do not credit the report. Perhaps you may know something of his whereabouts. I have strong reconnoitering forces in front and on both flanks. I expect some annoyance from guerilla bands in my rear, and will have to devote some attention to them. If I can whip Rains or drive him beyond the Boston Mountains it will be easy to quiet this district and the Indian country. I will know in a few days.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHEAST MISSOURI DISTRICT,Macon City, Mo., October 19, 1862.

Colonel S. M. WIRT,

Commanding Knox County Enrolled Missouri Militia:

COLONEL: A letter was sent you to-day by mail in reply to your former communication in regard to the surrender of prisoners.

