
leave my position, but to wait for the enemy's attack. Soon afterward Lieutenant-Colonel Cramer, with a force of the Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, succeeded in joining us. I reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Cramer the circumstances of my position and awaited his further orders.

I estimate the enemy when they first attacked us at 280 to 350 strong. During the fight the number increased to about 600. My command did not exceed 200 men. The list of killed and wounded shows that Company H, of the Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, lost the most, but it was only by the check which they gave to the first charge of the enemy that I was enabled to collect my scattered forces and to form the cavalry in a position where it was invincible by our lurking enemy. The loss of the enemy must be very heavy, but I am not able to state the figures.

The afternoon of the same day I was ordered by Colonel Osterhaus, commanding Third Division, to go back with Companies A, B, C, and D, of Fremont Hussars, to the battle-field. Without being molested by the enemy I succeeded in bringing all of the dead and wounded (6 dead excepted) to the camp, as well as the forage, with in the morning was unloaded for the purpose of carrying slightly wounded men to the camp.

Respectfully, yours,

EUGENE KIELMANSEGGE,

Major Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARNING, JR.,

Fremont Hussars, Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

No. 5. Report of Captain Francis Wilhelmi, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP, SEARCY LANDING, ARK., May 21, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with general order of the 19th I left the camp at Searcy Landing with a command of troops consisting of Company F, Seventeenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant August Fischer; Company G, under command of Acting Lieutenant L. Schmidt, and 8 privates of Company B, Third Regiment. We were ordered to protect a foraging party, consisting of 7 teams, under the charge of Quartermaster Boettcher. Having marched about 2 miles we came to a farm belonging to Captain Gray, where we found some corn, and loaded 3 wagons with it and sent them back to camp under an escort of 6 men of Company G. With the rest of my command I marched east and came, about 3 miles from camp, to a lane on the left side, which leads in a semi-circle to a farm, where I halted, and sent out two Hussars to report if any forage could be had there. While awaiting their return I was met by Major Kielmansegge, of the Fremont Hussars, with two companies of his regiment, and Company H, of the Missouri Volunteers, and a number of teams, who from there took the command of the now combined expedition. He ordered Company F, Seventeenth Regiment, to advance with his cavalry and teams on the road toward the east. Left Company H at the point where I met him, and took Company G, to which I had attached the 8 men of the Third Regiment Missouri Volunteers, under my command, to the

