
eral Schofield at Cassville, Mo., 10,000 under command of General Steele at Pilot Knob and vicinity, and 10,000 here (8,000 effective) under command of General Carr, the whole of the State of Arkansas ought to be occupied in the next sixty days.

The commander of this department should be a man of great energy and enterprise. I think the present commander does not possess the qualifications, and I say so not out of any personal dislike to hi, but because duty compels me to say it.

It was important to have so occupied this State that no election should have been held on the first Monday of this month. At that election I suppose Governor Rector has been defeated and Captain Flanagin elected Governor. This is but an opinion, not based on information derived from the reports of the result of the election. General Hindman's influence was thrown against Governor Rector. Rector does not belong to the ultra and extreme men of this State; Flanagan does.

Re-enforcements are needed here to enable the army to move, unless General Steele shall advance from Pilot Knob toward Little Rock, when such force as might be spared from this point might join his command at Des Arc, Devall's Bluff, or some point west of Clarendon.

If the troops at this point are destined to occupy Vicksburg re-enforcements will still be needed, in order to hold this post and in sending supplies to Little Rock, if our army shall occupy it. I advise the army of Steele shall move on Little Rock, and that this force shall co-operate with him. I also suggest that the force under command of General Schofield shall advance into this State on our near to its border, and that a portion of this army shall go to Clarksville, on the Arkansas River. If the three armies shall march as indicated the enemy will be driven from the State, and a portion of the army can then be sent to Texas or Louisiana to co-operate with such movements as may be made in those quarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PHELPS.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,In the Field, Lexington, Mo., October 20, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I arrived here last night. Colonel McFerran, the post commander, is absent on an expedition down the river.

So far as I can learn the condition of the Union citizens of this county could not well be worse than it is. They dare not remain on their farms, and have been compelled to seek personal safety at the post. The county seems to be completely in the hands of the rebels. It will require very prompt and severe measures to correct these wrongs, but I propose doing it at once, and you may prepare yourself for a vast amount of unnecessary complaining on the part of the erring brethren when the correction is applied.

It has been the usual course in such cases. Complaints are frequently sent to the Executive, and you may not hear all that are made, in escaping which you will be fortunate.

I deem it essential to the good of the service to make very important changes in the stationing of the troops in the western part of this did-

48 R R - VOL XIII

