
trict. I find associations have been formed that are in my judgment very important for the interest of the Union cause.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, October 20, 1862.

Colonel BOYD, Patterson, Wayne County, Missouri:

Send 500 of your best cavalry from Patterson or Greenville, under good officers, with secrecy, to destroy Boone's force at or near Van Buren. Make the movement successful by putting every citizen under guard on the road who might give information. Move to-night so as to arrive near Van Buren to-morrow morning.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

PARIS, MONROE COUNTY, MO.,

October 20, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

DEAR SIR: When in Saint Louis, on Thursday last, prosecuting the case of E. D. Major, I reported to you the surrender of 25 bushwhackers within the last few days prior thereto. I have now the gratification of reporting the surrender of 50 more from this county at this place and Mexico on Friday last, with their arms and contraband property, with a fair prospect of increasing the number to 100 in a very few days, all of whom I am in hopes will be secured during the war. From this you will see I am making a good thing out of it, and I am in hopes that no further action will be taken in the case of Major for a few days, when I will be down at Saint Louis and see you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. HOWELL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 6. Elkhorn Tavern, October 20, 1862.

The Second and Third Divisions will move in the direction of Huntsville at 5 o'clock p. m. to-day. The troops will take with them five days' provisions (two in their haversacks), ambulances, ammunition, and hospital wagons, and sufficient regimental wagons to carry the blankets of the men and three days' provisions. All other wagons will be parked in rear of the camp of General Salomon's brigade (first divisions).

The commanding general will accompany these divisions.

General Blunt, with Colonel Cloud's and Colonel Weer's brigades of his division, will march at the same hour in the direction of Maysville in pursuit of the rebel force under Cooper. General Blunt will take with his command such transportation and supplies as he may deem expedient, and will be governed in his movements by such information as he may obtain of the position and movements of the enemy, having in view the destruction if possible of the rebel force, and in any event

