
the present. I expect to return to this place in four or five days at farthest.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., October 21, 1862.

Brigadier General E. A. CARR, Helena, Ark:

GENERAL: Yours of the 16th, conveying letter of General Holmes and a copy of your answer, is received.*n It is hardly necessary for me to add anything to the force of your argument. The idea of carrying on war cautiously because the enemy has a weak spot that may be impaired is too shallow to bear consideration. The enemy must be weakened by every honorable means, and he has no right to whine about it. The rebellion must be shaken to its foundation, which is slavery, and the idea of saving rebels from the inevitable consequences of their rebellion is no part of our business while they persist.

The use of our soldiers in disarming negroes who had armed themselves was a violation of law, as well as the cause of the capture of some of our men.

Free negroes, like other men, will inevitably seek weapons of war, and fearing they may be returned to slavery, they will fight our foes for their own security. That is the inevitable logic of events, not our innovation. The war was no affair of mine; I did all I could to avoid it; but now that is upon us, the enemy must realize all its consequences. All classes of all parties now agree upon this.

Telegraphic intelligence informs me that I am to expect troops to-morrow. Some outfit may be required here, but I will hurry them down.

Your messenger will tell you I hurried the ammunition off the day of his arrival. Somebody was much at fault, and I blame Major English. I hope Rear-Admiral Porter has complied with my request by making a move up White River.

I am moving other columns. Schofield will move to morrow from Elkhorn Tavern with two columns. Steele will soon move from Greenville. Osterhaus is down sick. Warren is at Salem, Mo., ready to move. Rebel bands along the Missouri River are hiding in the brush or running for their lines to re-enforce Holmes, who I perceive has adopted the style of Hindman and engaged in writing communications on civilized warfare.

With confident hope of your steady support of my plans and purposes and your advanced position, I remain, general, very truly, your friend,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY EXPEDITION,Camp Release, October 21, 1862.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Dept. of the Northwest, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 17th instant reached me to-day through Lieutenant Shelley. I shall of course change my plans so as to accord

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

