
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 23, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

On the 18th you directed me to draw on Governor of Illinois for what troops he had at his disposal. Have sent copy to the Governor and drawn on him. He now replies: "I have been ordered to receive directions as to movement of troops from General Wright."

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 24, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Pope and General Wright have been directed to send down the Mississippi all the regiments which can be spared from their departments. Are you not employing more troops in Missouri than are really necessary? The great object now is to open and hold the Mississippi.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ELKHORN, ARK., October 24, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

I have this moment arrived at this place. The line having been down between Rolla and Springfield, I find my dispatches and those of General Blunt still lying here. The movements, of which I telegraphed you on the 20th, have been as successful as could have been expected. General Blunt, after a long night's march, overtook Cooper near Maysville on the 22nd, capturing his artillery and totally routing him. General Blunt's cavalry and some artillery were in pursuit at the time of his report. Cooper's force is demoralized and fleeing toward Fort Smith. With Generals Totten's and Herron's divisions I pursued Rains to Huntsville, from which place we drove his rear guard on the morning of the 22nd, and found him, or rather Hindman, retreating across the mountains toward Ozark; of course farther pursuit was impossible at that time. I therefore made a night march to Robinson's Roads, in hope of cutting off a cavalry force under Coffee, who was getting flour from the Cross-Hollows Mill. They escaped our advance under General Herron only by a precipitate flight. The whole rebel force has fled into the Arkansas Valley very much scattered and demoralized. I have not heard from General Blunt since the 22nd, but presume he is some distance south of Maysville on the border. Totten's division is at Osage Springs and Herron's at Cross Hollows, running the flour-mills. Hindman was actually at Houston on the 21st. He was seen by several Union people who know him well. Marmaduke was also there. The divisions of the rebel troops and late movements were under Hindman's orders. Rains left Huntsville on the 21st and was in Fayetteville on the 22nd. He now has command of the cavalry force left in our front on the 20th. It is said to be from 3,000 to 4,000 strong, with two pieces of artillery. Cooper's force is probably 4,000 or 5,000, with no artillery now. Hindman had south of Huntsville about 8,000 men and twelve pieces of artillery. Neither Hindman nor Marmaduke brought any re-enforcements. But it is cur-

