
above-named lane, leading to the farm on the left side of the main road, which, as we ascertained, belonged to a certain Hopper, and where we found sufficient forage. Having loaded our teams and being ready to start, we heard firing in the direction where Company H was ordered, and therefore I went with my command to their relief. Marching in double-quick and reaching a point near the place where Company H had been posted, which was designated as a meeting point, we saw about 50 of the enemy partly to our right and partly in front. I ordered the command to halt and fired on them with good effect. They returned our fire without injury to us and fled to the woods. I now deployed in skirmish line, passing the place where Company H had been posted, and found about 10 of them partly dead and partly wounded. Here we saw about 150 of the enemy, who made a stand. We fired a few rounds, which were replied to by the enemy, resulting in the wounding of 2 privates of Company G, Seventeenth, and 3 of Company B, Third Regiment. It appears that our fire was very destructive to the enemy, for they ran in the greatest confusion to the bushes. About this time I was ordered by Major Kielmansegge to the main road, where we had been posted, it having been remarked that the enemy advanced from this direction. We fired at them one round, and they ran back to the woods, pursued by our cavalry, who drove them in the bushes, and they did not renew the attack. Here we were met by Lieutenant Neun, with 2 privates of Company H, who had been wounded and taken prisoners by the enemy, but who had managed, favored by our firing, to escape, and who came with us to camp, together with some of Company F, who came to us in the same manner. I was now ordered to march toward our camp, where we heard firing while in march as skirmishers, and there were met by the remaining companies of the Seventeenth Regiment, coming to our support, under your command.

I acknowledge with great pleasure the utmost bravery exhibited by the troops under my command. Although surprised by a superior number of the enemy, not one man left his rank. Every one was eager to fight the enemy and relieve his attacked comrades. They met the hostile bands with deafening cheers, and not even the wounded could be persuaded to leave the ranks, but stood their ground manfully, not caring for their pains.

Your obedient servant,

F. WILHELMI,

Captain Company G, Seventeenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

Lieutenant-Colonel CRAMER,

Commanding Seventeenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

No. 6. Report of Captain John J. Kaegi, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP, LITTLE RED RIVER, ARK., May 21, 1862.

COLONEL: In the following report I have tried to give you the full particulars of the annihilation of Company H, of your regiment:

Having on the 19th instant, about 7 o'clock a.m., obtained your permission to go to the camp of our division (then about 8 miles from here), Lieutenant Weller and myself started off. When about half way we happened to meet Colonel Hassendeubel, commanding First Brigade

