
rently reported that from 8,000 to 20,000 are coming, and that Hindman hurried on in advance because of our movements. I have no satisfactory means of judging of the truth of these reports. I have sent a large number of spies into the Arkansas Valley, but none of them have yet returned. I can only conjecture that Hindman will be re-enforced and attempt a movement north via Huntsville and Forsyth. This seems to be the only plan now practicable for him. At present the whole country south and west of here is substantially in our possession as far as the Arkansas River. The Kansas division is quite strong enough to march into the Indian country and hold it. My movements must of course depend greatly upon those of General Steele. But I propose, if you approve, to send General Blunt's entire command into the Indian border, where he can be quickly called back if necessary, and let him send his Indian Home guard to re-establish themselves in their homes, while the two Missouri divisions shall occupy the country as far south as Fayetteville and the passes of White River leading toward Huntsville. We can then watch the enemy's movements and be in position to meet any that he may make until the advance of General Steele's column shall determine our future movements. Should Hindman be much re-enforced I would require course attempt to such movement. I merely venture these suggestions, and respectfully request such instructions as you may be able to give from your more extended knowledge of the condition of affairs.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Wayne, October 24, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you for information copy of letter of instructions to General Salomon.* I trust you will relieve him at Pea Ridge and order him to comply with my letter. The enemy have fled to Fort Smith. My cavalry returned without being able to overtake them, in consequence of the exhausted condition of their horses. It is reported, though not reliably, that in their flight they have abandoned their transportation 15 miles from here. I have sent a party of cavalry of the Kansas Second to reconnoiter on the Fort Smith road for 30 miles. I have also sent several spies to Fort Smith and the Arkansas Valley to ascertain the position, strength, and movements of the enemy, and also the resources of the country for subsistence and forage. I have also sent scouting parties to Tahlequah and Fort gibson to ascertain the condition of things in the Indian Territory. When my trains arrive I shall be in a condition to move upon fort Smith and successfully defeat any force that can be concentrated there, while General Steele is moving via Pocahontas on Little Rock. With such protection as can be afforded to my line of communication with Fort Scott by the Missouri militia, I have no doubt of my ability to sustain myself during the winter at Fort Smith, thus giving protection and restoring peace and quiet in the Indian Territory, and also give strength and development to the Union sentiment in Western Arkansas and afford them an

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

