
opportunity for effective organization; and, furthermore, be in a position to move down the Arkansas Valley to operate in conjunction with other force against Little Rock should the enemy concentrate their whole force at that point for defense.

I can obtain (by manufacture) all my salt in the Cherokee Nation, and hope to be able to supply myself (to a great extent at least) with bread in the Arkansas Valley. With the amount of transportation I shall have I can bring forward in the next month small rations sufficient to last my command until spring. I trust the programme I have here suggested will be consistent with the views of yourself and General Curtis, and that I may be permitted to carry out my plans with as little day as possible.

I have the honor, general, to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 52. Helena, Ark., October 24, 1862.

The brigadier-general commanding this army directs that hereafter no property of any description shall be taken from citizens under any circumstances whatever without express permission from these headquarters. All persons violating this order will be severely punished, and officers commanding regiments, battalions, batteries, or detachments will be held strictly responsible for the proper conduct of their commands. For any depredations committed by soldiers, scouting parties, or individuals a merited punishment will be meted out to the perpetrators.

By command of Brigadier-General Hovey:

--- ---,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, October 24, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following troops can be sent south between this time and November 5: From Minnesota, five regiments; from Wisconsin, five regiments; from Iowa, six regiments. Clothing and bounty money needed in Iowa. Shall I send these regiments to Memphis as fast as they are ready? Several can go at once. I have already reported to you the force I think it best to keep here for operations in the spring and defense of frontier this winter.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., October 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General Commanding:

Your dispatch of yesterday, saying you had ordered down troops from Generals Pope and Wright, and asking if I am not using "more troops in Missouri than are necessary," is duly received. I will do all in my

