
I have asked for detail of good generals and for some promotions and additions to my staff. May I again remind you that I am overworked for want of such? Several of my best staff officers are broken down or convalescent with camp diseases acquired in the southern campaign. Some good officers have relapsed into old habits of intemperance, disqualifying themselves for some positions.

Meantime I have reason to congratulate you and myself with a general successful progress of our arms in all parts of this district. All the troops are moving or guarding supplies except those which are not armed, and the health is generally good except at Helena, where it is improving.

Continually trying to carry out your wishes and promote our success, I remain, general, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 25, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your communication of October 12, in relation to the issue of clothing to the militia of Missouri called into service for one month, has been submitted to the Quartermaster-General and to the Secretary of War.

I am directed by the general-in-chief to say that the Secretary of War "declines to direct the issue asked for." Clothing will not be issued by the United States to troops called into service for only one month.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Elkhorn Tavern, Ark.:

Dispatch received. Your expedition has been successful. If, as you think, the enemy has gone beyond the Boston Mountains, your main force should immediately fall back to Cassville, as I may desire to have you move east if Blunt's division can clean out the Indian country. He can hold that and Southwest Missouri also when he gets the accessions to his force now moving from Leavenworth. From Cassville or Crane Creek I can direct your movements to accommodate others of more importance. Your rear is also threatened by strolling bands that I have not force enough to gather in. The main force of Arkansas is at and east of Little Rock.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Elkhorn, October 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT,

Commanding First Division, in the Field:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 22nd, announcing your victory over

