
Cooper, was received on the 23rd, and was greeted by the Missouri division with rousing cheers for General Blunt and the Kansas division. I heartily congratulate you on your success. Less fortunate than you, we did not succeed in getting a fight. We drove the rebel pickets from Huntsville and found them still retreating across the mountains, rendering pursuit impossible. I have not heard from you since your last dispatch, and hence am at a loss to conjecture where you are. I am here to consult with General Curtis relative to further movements. I will communicate his instructions to you as soon as they arrive. Please keep me advised of your position in order that I amy correspond with you regularly.

My future plan for operations is as follows, and unless orders to the contrary shall be received from General Curtis, or intelligence from the enemy shall render it impracticable, we will proceed to carry out without delay: I propose to send your entire division along the order of the Indian country as far south as may be necessary to rid the Territory of Cooper and his band, your Indian regiments being sent to their homes to re-establish themselves and their families there, your other troops being kept where they can be called quickly in the vicinity of Fayetteville, if necessary. I will occupy the country on this side of White River as far south as the Boston Mountains until the advance of Steele's column shall render farther progress possible. If the enemy is re-enforced in Western Arkansas he will probably attempt a movement north by the way of Huntsville and Forsyth. We must be ready to meet it by a flank movement from Forsyth. For this reason our troops must not be much scattered until Steele takes Little Rock.

Please give me any suggestions that may occur to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 25, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Paul, Minn.:

The regiments in your department should be sent down the Mississippi River to Helena. If required at Memphis they can be stopped at that place. They should be sent with as little delay as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ELKHORN, ARK., October 26, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

Four deserters just arrived; left the enemy the morning after I left Huntsville; they are known as most reliable men. They report the enemy 17 miles from Ozark, moving south. My information is that Cooper, Coffee, and all the bands left west of White River are going toward Saint Paul, doubtless to join in the general retreat; the Arkansas cavalry now out scouting will bring me the facts soon. I heard from General Blunt at Fort Wayne last night. He proposes to march to Fort Smith; says he can get salt, flour, and meat enough in the Cherokee country - in the Cherokee Nation - and can bring small rations enough from Fort Scott in a month to last him till spring. I have forwarded his letter to you. If my information proves correct I

