
OSAGE SPRINGS, October 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General BLUNT:

I am about to move to Fayetteville with General Totten's division, and propose to occupy that place at least for some time. There are some indications that the enemy is concentrating in force southeast of that point and may come back to give me fight. On this account I desire your division to be within supporting distance for a few days at least. The Thirteenth Regiment Kansas Volunteers arrived at Elkhorn this morning and is moving on to join you; they have 25 company wagons with them. Your trains of 75 or 100 wagons is tow days behind. If possible I should like you to move down at once along the State line route to some point due west from Fayetteville, where you can readily join us if necessary.

The Thirteenth Kansas can probably overtake you before your command will suffer for provisions. I will order General Salomon to move by the shortest route to join you as soon as your trains shall arrive at Elkhorn. Please inform me at Fayetteville when you will move and to what point.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Osage Springs, October 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General HERRON:

I propose to move with General Totten's division to Fayetteville to-night, and will send General Totten ahead with some cavalry and a few pieces of artillery to attack the enemy at daylight, should he be in small force, as I suppose. I desire you to move with what cavalry can be raised from your division (leaving enough with the infantry brigade to do picket duty) at such time this evening as you may think proper and by such route as may bring you in rear of the enemy, as he is in small force southeast of Fayetteville. Communicate with me at Fayetteville in the morning, and until the receipt of further instructions be guided by circumstances. Instruct the officer left in command of the part of your division left in rear to watch the passes to the east and be ready to move at a moment's warning. Should you ascertain that the enemy is in force near Fayetteville, order forward the remainder of your command, fall back to meet it, and join me at or near Fayetteville. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., October 27, 1862- 10 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The river is very low, and from appearance will close by November 15. I am hurrying off the troops for Helena as fast as possible. The regiments to go from this State are marching down the Minnesota River and will strike the Mississippi at foot of Lake Pepin. From Wisconsin the Twenty-eighth goes to-day, and all regiments from that State and Iowa, as well as this State, will be off by November 5. If consistent with public interest please inform me if I am to remain here this winter. If so, I wish to make preparations for winter before river closes.

