
After that time it will be impossible to get away before last of April without abandoning horses and all other property I have. I only ask because of the thousand rumors which reach me every day. If I can be certain about it I shall be spared some anxiety and uneasiness.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 28, 1862.

Major-General POPE, Saint Paul, Minn.:

I can no more divine than you can yourself how long you will remain in your present command. It is proper, however, for me to say to you that there has been urged upon the President a proposition to remove you and appoint a civilian (a member of Congress) in your place. I need not add that I have and will oppose it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, [October] 28, 1862.

Colonel J. M. GLOVER:

COLONEL: Send forward from Rolla, to report to Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren, at Salem, all the cavalry you have except six companies, which you will retain to act as escorts.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, October 28, 1862.

Colonel BOYD, Patterson:

You had better now recall Lazear, or his cavalry will be used up, when we have something more important ahead than hunting bushwhackers. Tell Lazear to send his prisoners up here, under guard. Do keep my division, especially the cavalry and artillery, in good working order. I think you and Lazear both for your great success. Bring all your infantry back, as well as the artillery and cavalry.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

HUDSON, MO., October 28, 1862.

Colonel LANE, Wellsville, Mo.:

You will interpose no obstacle, nor allow it to be done by any one under your command, to prevent the execution of any proper civil writ, whether for the rendition of a fugitive slave or for other purposes. You are called out in this State to enforce and sustain the laws and not to aid in violating them.

If you will give more attention to your legitimate business and less to runaway negroes, you will gain more reputation as a military man than you now enjoy.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.

