HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Wayne, October 29, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

GENERAL: In answer to your letter of the 27th I have the honor to inform you that I have not yet changed my location. In looking upon the map I see that Fayetteville is about 25 miles southeast from this point, with a direct road leading thereto; while to go down the State line road to a point west of Fayetteville I would still be 12 or 15 miles from you, with only a blind neighborhood road to reach you. In the event of its being necessary I can support you as readily from here as any other point. I should, however, have complied with your instructions and moved immediately were it not that we are out of rations, and are subsisting upon bread and meat, the former of which we obtain by running the mills. I have just got started in the mill business, and while I remain at this point can keep the command supplies. Some commissary stores will be here to-night with the Thirteenth. The large train from Fort scott will be here to-morrow night, when I shall send all my empty wagons back to Fort Scott. Then I shall be fully prepared to move to the point you designate or any other place you may direct. I trust you will approve of what I have done in this matter, as it seemed to me the best under all the circumstances that I could do. When I move I will notify you promptly of my location.

I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 29, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Springfield, Mo.:

A spy, very reliable, got information at Memphis on the 24th direct from Little Rock. Holmes had near there 17,000; Rains was moving northwest with 6,000 to join Hindman. The reported force at Elkhorn was 35,000; on Black River, 12,000; making a total of 70,000. Numbers are so given, but seem to me improbable. All their accounts go to show a large force, and we better be on the alert, however different matters may appear in our presence. Others tell me they are now concentrating at Yellville, which I think likely. they were routed from Pitman's Ferry by Boyd on the 26th. J. E. Johnston now commands Trans-Mississippi Department. I have telegraphed Herron's success. I think you have drove them beyond reach; better look elsewhere, as before telegraphed.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR HELENA, ARK.,

October 20, 1862.

Brigadier-General HOVEY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: In pursuance of your orders I left Helena on the 21st instant, with Captain Terrell, Thirty-fourth Indian Infantry, and Adjutant Mackenzie, Ninth Iowa Infantry, and 11 enlisted men as an escort,

