
and Adjutant Leser. Returning with them, we reached the camp of our regiment at about 10 o'clock a.m., where my orderly sergeant told me that 31 men of my company, under command of Lieutenant Henry Neun, had been ordered, with companies F and G, of our regiment, and a detachment of cavalry as escort for a foraging party.

About half an hour after this our pickets brought in the report that firing was heard at the distance of 2 or 3 miles from camp, in the direction which the foraging party had taken. When the regiment fell in to proceed to the scene of action I had only 4 men of my company left, and I asked Captain Schiller, of Company I, to take them under his command. I then took a horse and started out to find my company, when your ordered me to stay with you. Our regiment then being in double-quick march, we first met a party of the enemy about 2 miles from camp. Company A was ordered to deploy as skirmishers on the southwest side of the road, and seeing several of the enemy flying across an open field they fired upon them, scattering them in all directions.

I then offered you my services, as I was horseback, to reconnoiter the road ahead of the regiment. One private of the Fremont Hussars offered to go along. Riding up a little hill about 150 yards in front of the advance guard of our regiment we were in sight of a troop of cavalry, drawn up in line on the road, about 60 or 70 paces from us. I fired my revolver three times at them whilst turning to make my report. You then sent Captain Schiller, with his company, acting as advance guard, to go up the hill in double-quick time. Whilst going up Captain Schiller deployed his company as skirmishers in the bushes on the right. They fired upon the enemy, killing some and sending the rest in will haste through the woods. We then marched on the road again and soon met our troops, when Lieutenant Henry Neun and 4 or 5 privates of my company, all wounded, told me that my company was lying about 50 paces on in a lane between two corn fields. When I came there I found 10 dead and 14 wounded on the place, all of my company. I staid on the battle-field, while the regiment marched back to camp, with 1 corporal and 2 privates. We carried the dead and wounded together and helped them as much as we could, our surgeon having gone back with the regiment to camp to bring the ambulances.

After about three hours Major Von Kielmansegge came with a detachment of cavalry and the ambulances. We took all the wounded along, but were compelled to leave 5 dead on the battle-field, not having transportation enough for them. They were brought in, however, the next day, and buried with the honors of war.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. KAEGI,

Commanding Company H, Seventeenth Missouri Volunteers.

No. 7. Report of Lieutenant August Fischer, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP NEAR LITTLE RED RIVER, ARK.,

May 20, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor hereby to submit my report in regard to the part taken by Company F, of the Seventeenth Regiment Missouri

