
mind their business. It is only the negroes of men in rebellion or giving encouragement to rebellion that are free. Some overt act is implied, and here in Missouri, where a large majority of the State is loyal, we should be quite certain that the occasion for free papers justifies it.

The election will soon be over, and the occasion for public expression and the excuse will pass away. Meantime I shall watch matters in your district with much anxiety, knowing that you have more than your share of trouble and responsibility. I cannot immediately send you another regiment, but I am anxious to do so, and will, if possible, comply with your wishes.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 1, 1862.

Brigadier General FRED. STEELE, Ironton:

Boyd's movement must be supported. Go forward with your command, except such as may be unfit for service.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PILOT KNOB, November 1, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS:

GENERAL: Please explain what you mean by Boyd's movement. The only movement of Boyd's that I know of is to get himself elected to Congress.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 2, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The information received from various sources of the strength of the enemy in Southeast Missouri fully confirms the opinion previously expressed that it was a great error to bring Steele's forces from Helena. The best way to clean out Northern Arkansas is to move from Helena on Little Rock. You will therefore send all your available troops to Helena, and prepare to move them on the capital of the State.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

IRONTON, MO., November 2, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Schofield informed me that you complained of not hearing from me while I was in command of the Army of the Southwest. I regret exceedingly not having written you more fully. Owing to our reverses in the East I supposed you would be overwhelmed with business. General Sherman wrote me that you wished us to remain in statu quo for the present, and prudence seemed to dictate that my com-

