
the usual pickets. You will choose a suitable place for forage and water, as near the First Brigade as possible.

By order of Brigadier-General Blunt:

LYMAN SCOTT, JR.,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Ewing, November 2, 1862.

Colonel W. F. CLOUD,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: You will move your brigade to-morrow at 8 o'clock, taking the same route and following the Second Brigade. You will encamp near the Widow Anderson's farm. The guide (Powell) will show you about the spot. You will be about 2 miles from and west of the Second Brigade. Post strong cavalry pickets southward in addition to the usual pickets.

By order of General Blunt:

LYMAN SCOTT, JR.,

Captain, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp south of Old Shell Mill, Mo., November 2, 1862- 7 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier, Elkhorn, Ark.:

GENERAL: General Brown's Third Brigade is at the crossing of Sugar Creek, on the Bentonville Pea Ridge road; Colonel Dye's Second Brigade is at Ford's farm, on the same road; while Colonel Huston's First Brigade, myself, and escort have wandered in search of forage until we are now encamped north of west of Elkhorn, near the State line, and within about half a mile of the Old Shell Mill, Missouri, and ready to execute the orders of the commanding general. There is a road direct from here to Keetsville, which does not strike the Wire road at any point between here and there. Forage is very scarce, and though we may find enough for to-morrow, it will be almost impossible to do so longer.

According to your instructions, Major Kelly, with the Fourth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, was ordered and is supposed to be to-night at Osage Springs, Ark.

Rations almost gone; no salt; but few sacks of flour, and nothing else in sufficient quantity to issue, except pease, beans, rice, and hominy. I shall await here you further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.- Please send orders by guide in reference to all the matters contained in the foregoing.

Respectfully,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

