
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 11. Saint Louis, Mo., November 2, 1862.

The Department of the Missouri includes the State of Missouri, the city of Alton, Ill., the State of Arkansas, the State of Kansas, the Territory of Nebraska, the Territory of Colorado, and the Indian Territory.

This department, for further convenience, is divided into districts, as follows:

1st. District of Saint Louis, in Missouri, as heretofore defined, and all below it within Missouri, commanded by Brigadier General J. W. Davidson.

2nd. District of Rolla, in Missouri, as heretofore defined, commanded by Colonel John M. Glover.

3rd. District of Southwest Missouri, as heretofore defined, commanded by Brigadier General John M. Schofield.

4th. Central District of Missouri, commanded by Brigadier General Ben. Loan.

5th. District of Northwest Missouri, commanded by Brigadier General Willard P. Hall.

6th. District of Northeast Missouri, commanded by Brigadier General Lewis Merrill.

7th. District of Eastern Arkansas, commanded by Brigadier General A. P. Hovey.

8th. District of Western Arkansas.

9th. District of the Indian Territory.

10th. District of Kansas, commanded by Brigadier General James Blunt.

11th. District of Colorado Territory, commanded by Colonel John M. Chivington.

12th. District of Nebraska Territory, commanded by Brigadier General James Craig.

The districts thus designated are for convenience of police regulations, but commanders in the field until hesitate to cross lines and co-operate with adjacent commands when the interests of the department seem to require.

Generally reports should be made through district headquarters, but commanders of posts and expeditions in the field may at their discretion report important matters to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 3, 1862-12.15 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The strength of the enemy in Southeast Missouri has indeed given way from Pocahontas, but dispatches from Springfield and Pocahontas report him near Yellville, 45,000 strong, preparing to advance on Springfield. I am trying to mass forces to repel, and while Schofield is so remote have need of all my strength, including Steele. Or course when boats can run in White River I can and shall move on capital of Arkansas. Rear-Admiral Porter a week ago promised to reconnoiter that river, and as soon as possible a move will be made in the rear of the enemy. Meantime Steele's troops support and hold Southeast Missouri safe, although all the Helena troops are sick and broken down and are not able to do much. No troops have come from Illinois to my department, and four regiments from Wisconsin, which started south for Helena, are ordered by General Grant to wait for orders at Colum-

