
bus. Three fresh Iowa regiments are here and at Helena, and I surely expect your promise of Illinois troops will add something to my strength and ability to move below.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 3, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Let me know immediately what forces you send to Helena and when they will reach that point. If they cannot move on Little rock they must co-operate with General Grant against Grenada.* No troops not absolutely necessary will be kept in Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI, November 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Elkhorn, Ark.:

Dispatch received. Blunt should send or go into the Indian Territory and maneuver so as to be ready to support you if need be, but a strong force will probably have to remain near the Kansas, Indiana, and Missouri lines. Your move is right.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ELKHORN, ARK., November 3, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

Your dispatch received. I can move General Totten's division to Crane Creek in two days and General Herron's in three days. If it is intended that General Blunt shall co-operate with us in the event of the enemy's movement from Yellville, he should, I think, retire toward Newtonia, though doubtless it will be safe to leave him where he is for several days at least, and allow him to send his Indians on an expedition to their Territory. Cooper has gone to Fort Gibson. I will move Totten's and Herron's divisions immediately and await your orders relative to Blunt's.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

NOVEMBER 3, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Elkhorn, Ark.:

Dispatch received. Prisoners taken at Pocahontas say 40,000 or 45,000 rebels are collecting at Yellville to attack Springfield. You have no doubt heard of General Parsons' flag of truce from Yellville. Numbers may be overstated; but everything, especially my orders from General Halleck, makes it necessary for you to bring your main force to Crane Creek. General Blunt should not go to Fort Smith if the rebels have

---------------

*Further correspondence in reference to the Grenada expedition and the formal reports upon it will appear in Series I, Vol. XVII.

---------------

