
crossed the Arkansas. A dash through the Indian country will be proper, but his force is needed at some point near the line where he can operate on both sides. Let me know how you can arrange and how soon.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Elkhorn, Ark., November 3, 1862.

Brigadier General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding 3rd Div., Army of the Frontier, Cross Hollows, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to instruct you to move your entire division to Crane Creek, starting early to-morrow morning. He expects you will reach that point in three days.

You will leave the Arkansas cavalry at this point as a corps of observation, with instructions to keep the country thoroughly reconnoitered.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 4, 1862-4 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Dispatch received. I have ordered four Iowa regiments to Helena; two have probably arrived. One is on the way, and one leaves here to-day. These regiments will be at Helena Saturday. My troops are nearly all in, or moving into Arkansas. I am moving Schofield north and east, so as to make that force available, the enemy having vacated Northwest Arkansas and concentrating near Yellville. Prisoners direct from Little Rock report about 12,000 or 15,000 within a day's march of Little Rock and more than that at the post and Pine Bluff, three or four days' march from Little Rock. My force at Helena should be considerably augmented before moving either way, many of the officers and men being sick and scarcely able to do garrison duty.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CAMP CURTIS, JACKSON COUNTY, MO.,

November 4, 1862.

Major T. J. WEED:

SIR: For near a week I have pursued Quantrill's band of guerrillas with Major Ransom's cavalry, Captain Chesnut's company (A), Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, and one piece of artillery, under Lieutenant Hunt. We have killed 2, taken 1 prisoner, captured over 100 head of horses and mules, and driven the marauders out of this part of the State. They are in full retreat south, evidently intending to reach Arkansas. No casualties on our side. A considerable number of contrabands accompany us to Kansas.

JOHN T. BURRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Similar order, excepting last paragraph, to commander of Second Division, expecting him to make the march in two days.

---------------

