
Volunteers, in the disastrous skirmish with the enemy's cavalry on the south side of the river on the 19th instant.

Being in command of Company F, I was yesterday morning ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Cramer, commanding our regiment, to go with Companies G and H on a foraging expedition. Arrived at the first large farm on the road, we proceeded to load some of the wagons with fodder and sent them back to camp, proceeding on with the remaining train. Perhaps 2 miles farther on we found more forage, and joined some companies of Fremont Hussars, under command of Major Kielmansegge, who had also procured forage. Major Kielmansegge here detached Companies G and H, ordering me to follow him with my company (F). Presently we heard heavy firing about half a mile in rear, and I instantly marched Company F in that direction. The 2 mounted men who had been been left with me had galloped some distance ahead and presently returned, shouting, "They are coming;" upon which they fled.

On our left were woods with dense undergrowth, and upon our right a large upon field surrounded by a high fence. I deemed the latter the most advantageous ground for effectual resistance against the body of cavalry which was seen approaching, and ordered my little command of 27 men to get into the field and form near the fence. The enemy's cavalry, at first only about 80 men, also got into the field and came charging down upon us, but the well-directed fire of my company caused them to halt and retreat a short distance. I perceived, however, that great numbers of the enemy were rapidly crowding into the field and were gradually encircling us. I then ordered the men to cross the road and take shelter in the woods, cautioning them to be steady and keep well together.

Scarcely had we reached this cover when we discovered that the woods around us were swarming with the enemy, who attacked us from all sides. My men continued to defend themselves until at last I saw none standing except Sergeant Schaub and myself, upon which I called to him to surrender, which I also did. My sword and revolver were then taken from me, and after having been a prisoner some five minutes I was shot in the shoulder by one of the enemy. Upon the approach of our troops that were hurrying to our rescue from camp the rebels fled, leaving us few survivors at liberty. I have seen the enemy barbarously hacking and shooting our brave wounded soldiers after all resistance on their part was impossible.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST FISCHER,

Second Lieutenant, Company F, Seventeenth Missouri Vols.

No. 8. Report of Lieutenant Henry Neun, Seventeenth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP NEAR LITTLE RED RIVER, ARK.,

May 20, 1862.

COLONEL: Yesterday morning at about 9 o'clock I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Cramer, commanding Seventeenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, to go with Company H on a foraging expedition and subsequently to act as escort of two companies of cavalry about to be sent on the same expedition. Companies F and G were also of the

