
SAINT LOUIS, November 4, 1862-10 p. m.

Colonel BOYD, Patterson, Mo.:

Why is it that Jackson has to be re-enforced and La Grange wants to go? Is there anything to oppose Colonel Jackson's march to Jackson, in Girardeau County?

I asked you to whip Jeffers, but I did not know Colonel Jackson had anything to do with it. Answer, and do the best you can.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF FRONTIER,Camp Bowen, November 5, 1862.

Captain QUIGG, Commanding Detachment:

CAPTAIN: You are directed by the colonel commanding to march with your command to Jones' Mill, on Brush Creek, Arkansas; take possession of the same, and keep it running day and night. For your protection you will cause the cavalry and howitzers to be surrounding country. You will consider your command as an advanced post, with the mill as its base. In case of an attack, send speedy messengers to these headquarters, when re-enforcements will be furnished. You will gather from the surrounding country wheat, &amp;c.m, and when ground cause the same transported to these headquarters under safe escort. You will keep an accurate account of the number of bushels taken from each person by name and report the same as above. Let messengers be sent to these headquarters daily, so as to keep them informed as to your progress, and oftener, should anything unusual occur.

Very respectfully,

J. K. HUDSON,

First Lieutenant, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 6, 1862.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I transmit full copy of the report of General Hovey's bearer of dispatches from Little Rock.* I have seen some of the prisoners, who think they know certain the forces near Little Rock, and they make at least thirty regiments within three or four days' march of the city.

To take and hold that place will require a garrison at Helena, at Devall's Bluff, and at Clarendon, as we must depend upon the Mississippi, the White River, and the railroad to keep up supplies. An efficient gunboat force suited to White River will diminish the requisite force to keep the line open, but some force will also be necessary. I suppose my force on Saturday next will be about 8,000 at Helena.

I telegraphed to-night asking you if I shall try to destroy railroad at Grenada.

My plan will be to send a cavalry expedition, to travel night and day, destroy and return. The danger is that bridges may be destroyed to cut off the return. If your dispatch favors the idea, I shall direct Gen-

---------------

*See Cameron to Hovey, p. 768.

---------------

