
ear Hovey to take all possible precaution to prevent such accidents. The distance from the river is about 8 miles, and the detour would comprehend a journey of about 200 miles. It will be very hard and perilous service, but my cavalry has been left there with a view to some such assistance to a down-river movement.

Sickness has terribly weakened the men. Generals Carr, Osterhaus, and Washburn are down dick. But cold weather is now upon us and health improves.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 6, 1862-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General FRED. STEELE, Patterson, Mo.:

I think fifteen days' rations will do. We must try to keep your line open in your rear with that view. I want strong permanent trestle bridges built over the streams on the best road. You see therefore the reason of my former dispatch to-day. The nearer to Ironton and the nearer the head of streams the better if we do not took much increase distance to Smithville, which is about equidistance from Jacksonport and Batesville. Bridges can be built after you if you can cross streams without them, but we must have a safe and convenient crossing of those streams to secure safe transmission of supplies.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD, Springfield, Mo.:

My latest news seems to indicate concentration of troops near Yellville. McBride, Parsons, and others are somewhere in that region. Steele and Warren are east of you with considerable force. I am only anxious to know where the rebels are to determine further movement of your force. I congratulate you on you arrival at a central and social position; but you may not rest. The season is good for campaigning, and the Army of the Frontier must be marching on. Give me full particulars of your force, its location, and efficiency.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HUDSON, November 6, 1862.

Colonel CHIPMAN, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Lieutenant Gleason, of Monroe County Enrolled Militia, with 14 men, captured the guerrilla chief Williams and 10 of his men, with their arms, &amp;c. They surrendered after some little show of resistance.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harrisonville, Mo., November 6, 1862.

Colonel PENICK, Independence, Mo.:

COLONEL: Since writing you last Colonel Catherwood has returned without accomplishing anything, not even killing the 2 men I wrote

