
In such a conflict, instead of support I had some around me who were willing to avail themselves of falsehood to destroy me.

In conclusion may I ask for a copy of the charges? I am ready to respond in any way, by testimony, or before a board of inquiry, or before a court-martial.

Deeply sensible of your kindness in affording me this opportunity of maintaining my honor unsullied, I have the honor to be, Mr. President, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, November 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General STEELE, Pilot Knob:

Take what force can be spared from the Knob to Saint Genevieve, where you can embark on boats I will send. I send General Davidson down to confer as to what are needed. Our troops at Clark's Mill, near Vera Cruz, have been attacked and captured. This is about all General Schofield knows of troops this side Yellville.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 9, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

The troops I propose to leave here are General Brown's brigade, consisting of four regiments of militia; also two pieces of artillery; also the First Arkansas Cavalry has been left in the vicinity of Elkhorn. These, I think, will be sufficient to take care of Southwestern Missouri, while the army advances into Arkansas. I believe there is only about 1,000 men at Yellville, and none besides these this side of the Boston Mountains. McBride passed through Carrollton 30th October, going south to re-enforce Rains. I have no information how far beyond the mountains the rebels have gone. Their entire force which has been in Northwestern Arkansas does not exceed 20,000. I have scarcely any information of the rebels in the eastern part of the State, consequently I have no means of estimating the force needed to march into Arkansas if other forces west of the Mississippi be united. I suppose they must be quite superior to those of the enemy. I have always supposed that Steele's force, increased by the new lines assigned to this department, would be sufficient to march on Little Rock; if not, I think it may safely be increased by 8,000 men from this command, General Blunt's division being left in Northwestern Arkansas, not far from White River, to protect this part of Missouri.

The following extract from a private letter is all I have here from General Halleck:

Communicate with General Steele and endeavor to arrange some system of co-operation with your forces. I have heard from him but once in a long time.

This is all I received General Halleck, except two telegrams, dated previous to your leaving Helena, stating that a diversion would be made in my favor from that point immediately.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

