
except by rumor. It is their custom to employ persons to spread bug-bear rumors and to carry them inside our lines.

The rebels have not 30,000 troops in Arkansas. Holmes would not dare move toward Missouri with a large force on each flank, and the force at Helena which could move up White River to Jacksonport in a few days.

Joe Johnston superseded Bragg, and is probably at Chattanooga. He declined the Trans-Mississippi Department.

There have not been over 2,000 troops at Little Rock during the last two or three months. They can't raise in Arkansas over 15,000 men that will fight against the United States.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ROLLA DISTRICT, Numbers 11. Rolla, Mo., November 12, 1862.

Whereas disgraceful depredations are continually being made on public and private property by the Government teamsters and troops of this district, and whereas it is the determination of the colonel commanding to fully remunerate the injured parties and punish the offenders with the severest justice, it is hereby ordered:

I. Commanders of regiments, detachments, escorts, wagon-masters, and others having control of Government employes are required to use constant diligence in preventing their commands from committing depredations on public or private rights or property. Where injury results from a want of this diligence they will be held to a strict account.

II. In all cases where an injury is committed on public or private rights or property an assessment of damages will be made by the officer or person in command or by this orders, and the amount so assessed will be stopped from the pay of the offender and paid to the injured party. If the offender cannot be ascertained, then the injured party shall be remunerated from the pay of the officers and men of the regiment, detachment, escort, train, &amp;c., to which it may be determined said offender belongs.

III. It is hereby made the duty of officers and men and all others having information to inform on said offenders to the officer or person in command, and upon neglect or refusal to give this information they shall be liable to pay for the injury committed in the same manner as the original offender.

IV. All assessments of damages required by this order shall be reported to the colonel commanding the district, upon whose order the necessary stoppages of pay will be made.

V. In all cases where the punishments set forth in the preceding sections are not sufficient the colonel commanding the district will take other steps to punish the guilty.

VI. Commanders of troops, wagon-masters, and other in command of Government employes are hereby required to assist in the strict enforcement of this order, and will frequently publish its provision to their commands.

By order of John M. Glover, colonel, commanding district:

N. YOUNG,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

