
are worse than useless as a whole. There are some good companies among them, but most of them should be relieved from duty. If some place were appointed outside the State where we could send a few of the disloyal citizens and hold them under guard the effect would be most beneficial. The rebels in this district have hitherto laughed to scorn the power of the Government, because they have never been made to feel its force. They have laughed at the orders issued and derided the forces sent to execute them. I have been endeavoring to convince them of their mistake, and think I will do so as soon as I can get some of my officers disposed of and their places filled by more efficient men; but to ship a few prominent men under guard from the State and hold them in close confinement would be worth to this district more than three regiments of soldiers. It would be a manifestation of power and determination on the part of the Government that would strike terror in the souls of these craven rebels, for most of them are cowards.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF ELKHORN TAVERN,November 14, 1862.

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.:

It is absolutely necessary that all the forces at this point should be used to hold the post and scout below it. This is likewise the opinion of Major Johnson and the other officers here. Cannot the order be countermanded directing me to send a company to Cassville?

We are not in danger, but I am satisfied can be of service below.

I had an interview with Colonel Richardson last evening at Cassville, in which the expressed the opinion that my force were none too strong for this locality.

I have heard to-day from below Fayetteville, and will write you fully to-morrow.

A. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant Colonel First Ark. Cav., Commanding Post of Elkhorn Tavern.

ELKHORN TAVERN, November 14, 1862.

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.:

I will be at Springfield in a few days. I am getting better. Captain Hart arrived to-night from the vicinity of Cane Hill, and the information is reliable that there were 1,100 rebels at Rhea's Steam-Mill, in Washington County, last night, and at least 5,000 at Cane Hill, supposed to be the advance of a general movement from Van Buren.

Colonel Shelby, with his command, has started north on a scout, and it is not known where he will turn up.

At Scullyville, 25 miles south of Huntsville, there are some forces that arrived there on the 12th instant, but their numbers are not known. It is my impression that this is a feint or a scout, and that the main force will move northward on the line road. Their camps extend from where the Mulberry crosses the road leading from Little

