
Rock to Van Buren to Cane Hill, and the general opinion of the strength of their army, placing it at the lowest estimate, is 30,000, and that by the 10th instant thirty days' rations were to be prepared for a forward movement.

McBride and Parsons have arrived at Van Buren with their forces. Men are arriving here daily from all directions, who confirm these statements, and that the army has already evacuated Little Rock, moving toward or having arrived at Van Buren, the entire estimated force being as above.

E. D. HAM,

Captain and Chief of Scouts.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 14, 1862.

Colonel W. R. PENICK, Independence, Mo.:

MY DEAR COLONEL: I am in receipt of yours of the 5th instant, inclosing remarks of the Masonic River on the disloyalty displayed by some now others [acting?] as officers. I trust the fraternity will see to the proper correction of all doubts at the proper time. I have abiding confidence int he good sense and loyalty of the brethren. An institution that has survived the revolutions of ages will not sink into a rebel camp in a country so much devoted tot he charities and fraternity taught in our ancient order.

But we must indeed be on our guard. Traitors will creep into sacred circles, and must be everywhere expelled from good society.

I am, colonel, truly and fraternally, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GEN 'S OFFICE, Numbers 346.Washington, November 14, 1862.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier General W. A. Gorman, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General S. R. Curtis, commanding Department of the Missouri, at Saint Louis, Mo., for orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 15, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

It is reported that you have ordered an expedition from Pilot Knob to Batesville. If so, it will be immediately countermanded. You require troops at Pilot Knob only sufficient to hold the southeastern part of Missouri. Any expedition against Arkansas must be made from Helena. You will not operate on any new lines without first reporting

