
to these headquarters. Unless this is done the plans of the Government are continually disarranged.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 15, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Secretary of War directs that General Blair's brigade be sent to Memphis or Helena for service on the Mississippi River.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo.,

November 15, 1862-8 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Since the question is raised it would be well to ask way the Navy had all the steamer Fair Play and the arms and ammunition taken by the joint command of Army and Navy in August last. The gunboat was in advance and came alongside firs,t but the gunboat would not have been there if my forces had not been the main forces in the fleet. Why is it the Navy shares the honor and their officers and men bet all the profit of such a capture?

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Springfield, November 15, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding Second and Third Divisions, Army of the Frontier,

Camp eight miles east of Ozark:

GENERAL: Major-General Curtis directed me by telegraph to order the Second and Third Divisions of the Army of the Frontier to move at once to the westward, with a view to re-enforce General Blunt, who is threatened with a superior force. You will therefore immediately upon receipt of this move your command by the most practicable route to Wire road leading from this place to Fayetteville and thence by the same road toward Cassville, advising these headquarters daily of your progress. I have ordered Colonel Caldwell, with the train of quartermaster's stores, to come direct to this place, whence the supplies will be forwarded at once to you.

Colonel Wright, Sixth Missouri, with his detachment and the train of ordnance stores, will leave in the morning by the Fayetteville road, with orders to report his locality by messenger to you.

Since writing the above I have received a note from General Schofield, saying that you will not break camp till further orders if it continues to rain.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

