
go forward at once. Colonel Caldwell is here, and the train out some 8 miles.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Babcock, Benton County, Ark., November 16, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 14th instant just received. Sent you dispatch yesterday morning, giving full particulars in relation to movements of the enemy. Sent reconnoitering party yesterday in the direction of Cane Hill and spies into Marmaduke's camp. Intended to attack Marmaduke to-morrow morning, provided Hindman and Parsons had not yet arrived in supporting distance. Scouts and spies returned to-day.

Marmaduke has retreated across the mountains. Commenced moving on the night of the 14th, sending his baggage train in advance. His rear left yesterday morning at 10 o'clock. Deserters (conscripts) report Marmaduke's force about 6,000 Missouri troops, mostly mounted, and six pieces of artillery - four rifled 6-pounders and two mountain howitzers.

My spies, who conversed with rebel officers when they were retreating from Cane Hill, say they had received orders to march to Van Buren, thence to Little Rock. Prior to their receiving such orders it was their intention to mass the forces of Marmaduke, Hindman, and McBride, and move against my command before it could be re-enforced.

Is General Steele moving on Little Rock? The movements of the enemy indicate that he is.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST DIVISION OF MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 16, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier, Springfield:

GENERAL: Upon assuming command of this division I find that within the past week Quantrill, with his band of guerrillas, has invaded the counties of Barton, Jasper, and Vernon, burnt the court-house and a portion of the town of Lamar, and now has possession of the district of country west of Stockton and north of Sarcoxie. Five companies of the Polk County Enrolled Missouri Militia have been ordered to Stockton and four companies of the Lawrence and Green counties Enrolled Missouri Militia to Bower's Mills, to prevent, if possible, his moving toward the line of our communication with Rolla. Colonel Phillips, Seventh Regiment Missouri State Militia, has been ordered to the command of the five western counties of this district (McDonald, Newton, Jasper, Barton, and Vernon). It will require two additional regiments of mounted troops to hold that country. There are at this post about 1,000 sick soldiers and between 300 and 400 prisoners.

