
Hoping my conduct will be satisfactory and salutary, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 6, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Herewith find communication of Governor Robinson, of Kansas asking for authority to arm such portion of our militia as may be sufficient to protect our border against the violence of lawless bands in Missouri. I unite in this earnest appeal of the Governor. The citizens of Kansas along the eastern line of the State bordering upon that part of Missouri south of the river feel no security for life or property, and many, in despair that the Government will afford them aid, are leaving the State or moving back into the interior, abandoning crops, houses, and other improvements to the mercy of the enemy. It seems hard that the loyal people of this most loyal State, after sending their twelve regiments to the field, should thus be left with inadequate protection to the mercies of a vindictive and relentless foe. Even now, with the handful left, we do not ask for help, but ask only that we allowed to defend ourselves, and in order to do this we have appealed to you for arms, clothing and subsistence for our people while in the field in active service. In behalf of our State may I ask, general, for our wants and dangers your most serious consideration?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. HALDERMAN,

Major-General, Northern Division Kansas State Militia.

[Sub-inclosure.]

STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Topeka, October 31, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS, Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: The Secretary of War informs me that with your approval arms and equipments may be furnished the militia of Kansas for purposes of defense against our enemies. Our citizens are ready to protect our border, provided they can have arms, clothing, and subsistence for such as take the field. If you would authorize the equipment and subsistence of 500 cavalry and the same number of infantry I think the border from Wyandotte to Fort Scott could be well protected, and 500 more infantry would be able to protect the north side of the Kansas River, including the fort.

Our people all along the eastern border are in constant alarm, and desire to be enabled as above to protect their homes. I believe they would do it satisfactorily to the Government and all concerned, leaving the volunteers free to join the main army. Any favor you can show our people in this behalf will be gratefully appreciated by them and especially by your most obedient servant,

C. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kansas.

P. S. - I forward this to General Halderman, with a request that he visit you in person to explain more fully our necessities.

C. R.

