
duty to furnish the regular volunteers in preference. I may be able very soon to draw back some of the force now far in advance, and thereby strengthen border north of Fort Scott. You see, therefore, the efforts I am making, and I trust you will appreciate the necessity of caution in adding a feather in the weight of care and expense which can be avoided in the defense and support of our country. The Prussian arms turned in by our troops might be spared. If such arms and accouterments are not at Leavenworth I will allow their issue, if in your judgment such a call for force is necessary for the safety of your people.

I am Governor, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 7, 1862.

Captain JOHN McNUTT,

Ordnance Officer, Leavenworth City, Kans.:

SIR: I have written Governor Robinson that in case he finds it necessary to call out 500 or 1,000 men to aid in protecting the homes of the people living on the border I will do all I can to feed and arm them while in actual service. If, therefore, the occasion requires it, and such persons are called out, you can issue to the Governor Prussian muskets or sabers, if you have them on hand, not in immediate want by our regular or volunteer forces. Proper vouchers will be required, and accouterments and ammunition will also be furnished as far as you can. Such arms and equipments are to be returned when called for by the United States.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., November 8, 1862.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commandant of the Department of the West:

GENERAL: Permit me respectfully to call your attention to the condition of the border of Southern Kansas.

The frontier on this line is fearfully exposed to guerrilla raids, and needs and should have the amplest military protection. Unless an effective force is detailed along the line it must become depopulated. No house is secure there now. The few heads of families left there feel unsafe, and where these heads are on the battle-field, afar off, their wives and children and their property are hourly exposed to the ruffian invasion of robber and rebel bands. What Kansas has done for the war you know. Her brave men bivouack on almost every battle-field in the West. The majority of them, however, enlisted to defend their own homes, and yet without hesitation or a murmur they have followed the old flag, and will fight for it wherever it may wave. Under these circumstances, sir, I claim, as you will admit, that the southern border of Kansas should be immediately and amply protected, and I claim this the more readily because it will insure peace as well to Missouri in this neighborhood as to my State. What force is necessary for this end you will understand better than I. The border extends over 100 miles.

