
I should think that at least one regiment of cavalry and one of infantry are necessary to this important end.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS CARNEY,

Governor-Elect of Kansas.

P. S. - I would respectfully refer you to your adjutant, S. F. Chalfin, with whom I have a personal acquaintance, as to any statement made by me.

THOMAS CARNEY.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, November 13, 1862.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that in my opinion there is great danger of an outbreak among the Osage Indians. They are already committing many hostile acts, such as stealing, robbing, &amp;c., and the best-informed citizens tell me that without they are checked in some way it will lead to active hostilities. They claim that the Government has used them very badly, as most of their warriors enlisted in our army in the spring and served until mustered out in October without any pay whatever. They are worthless as soldiers and left whenever they wished to; but it is nevertheless true that they served and got no pay.

It will be useless for you to refer the matter to the regular Indian authorities, as I do not know where to find the superintendent, and the agent has not been near them for months. I would recommend that some one be sent out to take the matter in hand, and listen to their complaints and attend to their wants. I have no force to spare, as you will see in looking over my post returns, and in fact I have had to call upon the colored regiment to move here, as I am advised of a force of 1,800 men, under Stand Watie, and Quantrill, advancing upon this post, and the $2,000,000 worth of property needs protection.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF ELKHORN TAVERN,November 	19, 1862-7 p.m.

C. W. MARSH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff, Springfield, Mo.:

Major Johnson, with a force of 200 men, has just returned from a scout in the direction of Huntsville. His advance went within a mile of the enemy's pickets, and an individual sent ahead, dressed in butter-nut, ascertained the fact that there was a very considerable force in the town. From this and other sources of information the major became satisfied that there was at least a brigade of troops there-infantry, cavalry, and artillery-McBride's men. He therefore fell back to this point. What the intentions of this force are I cannot satisfactorily ascertain, but I need re-enforcements at once, at least the Third Bat-

