
of Major McKee's command, reported to be operating against certain bands of rebels marauding in the vicinity of Miami. Captain Hawk had proceeded to a point 5 miles from Waverly, in a direction toward Miami. Here his column was fired upon by a party of 9 men in ambush, supposed to be the outpost of a more considerable body of rebels. The fire was returned. As since ascertained, 2 of the rebels were killed and 1 was wounded. Of Captain Hawk's company, he was severely wounded in the right arm and First Sergt. Samuel Wood was killed. Enabled from the advantage of their position, the rebels escaped, leaving nine horses.

On information of these facts you detached Captain Thomas C. Miller, of Company F, with 15 men of his company; 34 men of Company E, Lieutenant John Schee; 37 or Company C, Lieutenant Charles R.

Combs, all forming a column, on the other side of the river, under the immediate command of Captain Miller. You also formed a column on this side of the river, consisting of Captain Cole, with one section of artillery, 20 men of Company L, Captain W. R. Love, and 25 men of Company A, Sergt. Robert Anderson. You placed all under my command, with orders to pursue and destroy, if possible, the entire body of rebel marauders, reported to be lodged alternately on an island and on the opposite shores in the vicinity of Waverly.

Having prosecuted the expedition I have the report that at 8 o'clock on the evening of the 27th instant I moved with the column on this side of the river on the road to Dover, distant 11 miles, where we arrived at 1 o'clock at night. The column halted and encamped. At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 28th marched on the direct road to Waverly. At this place, distant 12 miles, the column arrived at noon and halted. For better information touching the expedition I here communicated with Captain Hawk, who lay in bed at the house of one George N. Hall. At 2 o'clock the column the column formed, with the artillery in the center and with advance and rear guards, having their front and flank detachments, each with their necessary patrols, marched by a road leading mostly through dense timber and brush to the point where Captain Hawk's column had been ambushed; thence for about 1 miles on the border of a considerable lake; thence about 1 mile to a point on the bank of the river at a mill. Opposite here lay the tract called Bloody Island. Not a person either in arms or otherwise hostile appearing had been seen. Captain Cole unlimbered one piece of artillery and made three discharges, taking effect on an unoccupied log house on the island. Finding no means of effecting a landing on the island we marched back to Waverly, arriving there at 6 o'clock p.m., and encamped.

Early on the morning of the 29th instant I received a message from Captain [N. A.] Winters for help at a point on the river near De Witt, distant from Waverly 15 miles. I ordered Lieutenant Baker, with 30 men, of Company I, to proceed to that point and there report to Captain Winters, and at the expiration of three days return to Lexington by way of Waverly, where he would leave a detail of 1 sergeant and 12 men. I also sent a messenger to Captain Miller, with orders for Captain Miller to proceed with his command to De Witt, there to co-operate with Captain Winters, and then return to Lexington. Having been informed that there was a probability of finding marauders in the tract of timber extending from Waverly to Dover and lying contiguous to the river, at 8 a.m. I marched with my remaining command on a road leading through this tract.

6 R R-VOL XIII

