
the base of operations against Arkansas. I have seen nothing since then to change my views on that subject. Hence my disapproval of your bringing troops from that place to Pilot Knob.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 27, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Yours of the 22nd, responding to my telegraph of the 20th [18th] in relation to rogues and rebels trying to embarrass you by false representations at headquarters, is received. I did not say "you;" I said "me". The wires erred. I referred to your telegram of same day, saying "it is reported that you have ordered an expedition to Batesville," &amp;c., which was a false report, like many others that have gone to you; all of which, God willing, shall be wiped out.

I ask for no breath of false fame, but I do not wish to be a victim to false or frivolous friends to you and traitors to our country. I know you are overwhelmed with cares, and I have never thought of drawing explanations from you, and hardly dare make my own explanations. Rather than bother you with them, in one matter I have borne reproaches, which would not have been given if I had imposed on you the burden of facts. I have heard painful threats an innuendoes; have been constantly a subject for envy, hatred, and malice since the night of the 25th of last December I received your orders to go into the field. I have not and will not swerve from my integrity and will not waste my time in any refutations until charges assume tangible shape, when I shall be glad to explain them.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

MEMPHIS, April 10, 1862.

General VAN DORN, Des Arc:

Twenty boats are ordered up White River to report to you for duty. There are some of the largest class boats lying at and above the mouth of the river, which I understand could go to Des Arc if they would. They were ordered to go as far up the river as possible. I am doing all in my power to provide forage.

W. J. ANDERSON,

Major and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Des Arc, Ark., April 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROANE:

Orders have been sent to Little Rock for you. Please proceed to that point and assume command, in accordance with your orders.

By order of Major General E. Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

