SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 48.Des Arc, Ark., April 11, 1862.

The major-general commanding this district has ascertained in an interview with Governor Jackson of Missouri, that it was not His Excellency's intention by his order of the 8th instant, to assume control over the troops of the Missouri State Guard now in this army. Therefore paragraph III of Special Orders, Numbers 46, is hereby revoked.*

The present emergency demands the immediate services of every soldier of the army, and does not admit of the delay which will be unavoidable in making changes of organization.. Therefore the reorganization of the Missouri State Guard, now serving under the orders of the major-general commanding this district, will be deferred until the earliest moment compatible with the interest of the service.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUTH OF CADRON, April 13, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER CONFEDERATE STATES FORCES:

SIR: After making all attempts to go from Springfield to Des Arc I have been forced to turn back and south to cross the Cadron at this point. I will move again to-morrow. Can you give me definite information of the operations on the Mississippi? Should the enemy take the mouths of White and Arkansas Rivers my going to Des Arc would be useless and expose me. Please therefore give me all information possible. I have with me 1,870 men, leaving out teamsters, one battery of six guns, transportation, &amp;c. Can boats be furnished at Des Arc? Any news would be of great moment to me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

RICHMOND, April 15, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT:

The undersigned do now, as the representatives of the people and State of Arkansas, petition and earnestly urge that you will take immediate steps with reference to the defense and protection of the State of Arkansas against future invasion and of the Indian nations, whose warriors may be readily turned upon our frontiers when the enemy invade and make treaties with them.

We can be silent no longer and hold ourselves to be justly free from bitter condemnation. We therefore do again, as has been heretofore done, ask that a separate military department be promptly created, having for its eastern boundary the sunk lands and the Saint Francis River to its mouth and thence down the Mississippi river; and we ask that General Bragg or General Price may be assigned command of the department and required at once to organize its defense.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VIII, pp. 814, 816.

---------------

