
march in a few days. I find that several companies, both cavalry and infantry, are twelve-months' men, which will interfere with the organization without an especial order from you. If the twelve-month's men can be attached to the war men I can form a regiment of cavalry, but if you prefer it the war men can be organized into a battalion and the twelve-months' men either attached or dismounted. The infantry is in the same condition. I have two full companies of artillery, and would like to know whether they will probably be kept with the brigade or attached to the artillery regiment a brigade which I hear is being formed. If the clothes which Broadwell purchased for my command could be secured, and some good arms and accouterments for the war men, I think all could be induced to go in for the war, and I will be able to report a small regiment of infantry, one of cavalry, and two battalions by next Saturday in Memphis of experienced soldiers, which will fight against any full regiments the enemy may have. I hope I will not be deemed vain for remarking that as soon as appointed brigadier in the Confederate service I can double my present command.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier General Mo. S. G., Commanding Confederate Troops.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Helena, Ark., April 15, 1862

Colonel BROADWELL,

Commissioner from Confederate States to Missouri:

COLONEL: I have had several persons in hot pursuit of the seven hundred suits of clothes which you purchased for my command, but none of them have yet been able to overtake either you or the clothing. My men are really suffering, and their ragged appearance, now that they are Confederate troops, is disgraceful to those who should provide for them. I do not mean you, but myself and quartermaster. So please hurry them up, and if blankets can be procured, for God's sake let us have some.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HELENA, ARK., April 15, 1862-7.30 p.m.

Colonel ARMSTRONG, C. S. Army,

Quartermaster, Memphis, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I have been ordered to reorganize for the coming campaign, and there will be necessarily many things which we need to supply the place of things which are too much worn in the service of Missouri to turn over to the Confederate States, and which it would be true economy to replace. Until we reorganize we will have no one authorized to make requisition, and as many things which we need can be supplied here as well as in Memphis, and leave you them intact for the much obliged to you if you would send me some one in whom you have perfect confidence to make the purchases here so that we can get the

52 R R-VOL XIII

