
At the distance of about 1 mile I detached Captain Cole, with the artillery, with orders to take the most direct and practicable route to Dover, and there remain until I cam up. About 1 mile farther on the road I made three divisions of my remaining command, and by three devious routes explored the country to the distance of 7 miles from Waverly. All three divisions reuniting at noon, we halted for two hours at a mill near the bank of the river. I here learned that the whole band of rebels which had infested the neighborhood had embarked with their plunder on the night of the 27th instant by means of flat-boats and rafts.

Resuming the march at 3 o'clock we farther explored the country to Dover, a distance of 5 miles. Here we halted, and, with Captain Cole's section of artillery, encamped. With a detail of a sergeant and 8 men of Company I, proceeded to a point 2 miles distant to capture some rebels, who had tied three horses at that point and gone to the other side of the river. It was deemed possible for these rebels to reappear at or near the horses, which still remained tied, and thus afford an opportunity for their capture. The horses were brought in, but not the men, on the following morning.

At 7 o'clock on the morning of the 30th instant the column marched on the direct road to Lexington. At the distance of 1 mile I detached Lieutenant Adam Bax, with 12 men of Company I, to scout at and about Berlin, near the mouth of Taboo Creek. I arrived at Lexington about noon, having in possession 11 contraband horses, with I have turned over to Lieutenant Adam Bax, of Company I, with orders for him to turn them over to the provost-marshal.

During the expedition my column traveled the distance of 60 miles.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BREDETT,

Major Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers.

DANIEL HUSTON, Jr.,

Colonel Seventh Cavalry, Missouri Vols., Commanding Post.

MAY 26, 1862.-Skirmish at Crow's Station, near Licking, Mo.

Report of Colonel Sempronius H. Boyd, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

ROLLA, May 26, 1862.

Our train was attacked this morning 8 a.m. by 170 men under Coleman. Our escort was 80 men. Nine wagons burned, several men killed on each side, and still fighting and endeavoring to corral train. Disaster may be great. I have sent out all the troops that can possibly be sent now. I do urge the necessity of sending two or three companies here immediately. Kansas Fifth will not be here for four or five days. I know nothing of Colonel Sigel's men coming down to Waynesville.

Can I not expect re-enforcements from Saint Louis to-morrow to stay here for a few days?

S. H. BOYD.

General KETCHUM.

