
General Pike being near Fort Washita, at Nail's Bridge, 175 miles southwest, I have thought it might be well to advise you direct of Colonel Stand Watie's movements.

As we are likely to resort to guerrilla warfare, at least those who are outside the new lines of defense, it would, in my opinion, be advisable to confer additional rank upon Colonel Stand Watie, with authority to receive into the service all the reliable Indian force north of the Canadian rivers. The Indians have great confidence, and justly, in Colonel Stand Watie's patriotism, prudence, and courage, and I think would rally to his standard. His thorough knowledge of the country renders him eminently suitable to direct the movements of guerrilla bands along the border of the Cherokee country, and the Indians will make the very best guerrillas. White troops should also be sent into the Cherokee country. As matters now stand, if a Federal force should advance into the Cherokee country I think Stand Watie would be driven out and a large majority of the Cherokees go over to the Federals. They complain that by treaty they were promised protection; but instead of protection they have been involved in a war with the Federal Government then left to shift for themselves.

I am ordered to fall back to the neighborhood of Boggy Depot, and shall march day after to-morrow.

I am, general, yours, respectfully and truly,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., May 8, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE,

Commanding, Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: Orders have been issued to Brigadier General P. O. Hebert to send all his available troops to Little Rock. I am advised that General Hebert has several regiments of infantry now on the march, or ready to march, in pursuance of these orders; also a regiment and battalion of mounted men. These troops have been ordered to proceed to Little Rock with as little delay as possible to report to you. The infantry will go by way of Alexandria, La., and the cavalry by the interior route. You will be able to make such change in the destination of these troops as the exigencies of the service may demand. If not otherwise ordered by you, they will report at little Rock, where arrangements must be made for their subsistence and for preparing them to take the field.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE

General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Park Hill, C. N., May 10, 1862

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

SIR: I have the honor to forward to you copies of proceedings of the council of the Cherokee Nation, as follows:

1st. An act authorizing the calling out of volunteers for the purposes therein named.

2nd. Joint resolutions asking your kind offices in obtaining the release of the prisoners therein named, who were captured by U. S. forces at the battle of Pea Ridge.

