
LITTLE ROCK, May 10, 1862.

Brigadier General DABNEY H. MAURY:

No troops have reached Arkansas River except six companies of Parsons' regiment; two companies have been forwarded, other four detained here, it being deemed unsafe to ship troops to Memphis since the fall of New Orleans, and in the absence of instructions from your headquarters, for which I have repeatedly written. Also General Curtis' command, reported 22,000 strong (in my opinion not more than half that number), are at Batesville and Jacksonport, moving to this place and valley of Arkansas River, and I thought with the Texas troops and such others as I could raise in the State I could hold the enemy in check until you could whip the Federals at Corinth. I was unwilling to see the State abandoned and overrun without a struggle. Johnson's brigade will be at this place in two or three days, so I am informed. Unless otherwise ordered, I shall send no more troops to Memphis. I await your orders.

J. S. ROANE.

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,May 11, 1862.

Major General J. S. ROANE, Little Rock:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Van Dorn to say that he wishes you to assume command of the forces for the defense of the State of Arkansas. You will please therefore at once take proper steps to organize and put into the field all troops of that State brought into service under the conscript law, and all cavalry forces from Texas and from Northern Louisiana who may come into Arkansas to report to General Van Dorn.

All the companies of Parsons' regiment of cavalry which may have come over the Mississippi will be ordered back at once. Any infantry troops who may come into the State or who may be already organized there to serve under General Van Dorn will be forwarded to his army as rapidly as possible. Steps will be taken at once to furnish you with all ordnance stores which may be necessary.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,May 19, 1862.

General ALBERT PIKE, Fort Smith:

GENERAL: You will please send to General Roane all of the troops (not Indians) which can be spared from your command.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,May 19, 1862.

General J. S. ROANE, Commanding in Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am requested by General Van Dorn to say that he

