
confidential. We are engaged in a common and sacred cause, and I would do nothing to indispose Governor Rector against hearty co-operation in our struggle. I am seeking only for the best means of meeting such evil consequences as I fear may result from his proclamation, the worst of which is its tendency to inspire our enemies with a belief that there is discord among our people.

The withdrawal of your forces from Arkansas has plainly been construed into an abandonment by the Government of the district to which you were assigned, and an assurance from yourself and General Price that this is not so will quiet the fears of the people an encourage them to active preparation for resistance to the expeditionary force sent by the enemy among them.

I remain, general, very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GEN'S OFFICE, Numbers 39. Richmond, May 26,, 1862.

* * * * *

IV. The boundary of the Trans-Mississippi Department will embrace the State of Missouri and Arkansas, including the Indian Territory, the State of Louisiana west of the Mississippi, and the State of Texas.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Numbers 100. Camp C. Clark, May 27, 1862.

* * * * *

X. Brigadier General Albert Rust is relieved from duty with this army, and will report at Little Rock for orders to Major-General Hindman, who has been placed in command of the Trans-Mississippi District.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,

Little Rock, May 31, 1862.

His Excellency H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas:

GOVERNOR: I had intended calling upon you to-day, but was engaged in arranging the necessary preliminaries before assuming command, and sent my adjutant-general to represent me, who learned at the hotel that you were quite unwell, and hence would not intrude upon you. If you will designate an hour to-morrow I will be glad to call and see you and furnish you with copies of the orders under which I act in assuming command of this district.

