
or transportation; that this region of country has been greatly, if not effectually, exhausted in furnishing army supplies; that the transportation of subsistence for a column of any importance through that country would be an enterprise requiring extraordinary efforts of Government; that in my opinion the maintenance of troops in that particular region serves to invite the enemy exhausts the country, destroys its productive resources, and thus practically interposes an almost insurmountable barrier to pushing an efficient column to the succor of the interior of Missouri. One season of repose to that country would enable it to produce sufficient subsistence for a moving column. I doubt the ability to transport necessary subsistence through that region of country. South and East Missouri affords better resources.

Hoping that this desultory and hasty communication may enable you to grasp the objects of inquiry, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. HARRIS,

Member of Congress.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, Numbers 17. Little Rock, Ark., June 17, 1862.

I. For the more effectual annoyance of the enemy upon our rivers and in our mountains and woods all citizens of this district who are not subject to conscription are called upon to organize themselves into independent companies of mounted men or infantry, as they prefer, arming and equipping themselves, and to serve in that part of the district to which they belong.

II. When as many as 10 men come together for this purpose they may organize by electing a captain, 1 sergeants, 1 corporal, and will at once commence operations against the enemy without waiting for special instructions. Their duty will be cut off Federal pickets scouts foraging parties, and trains, and to kill pilots and others on gunboats and transports, attacking them day and night, and using the greatest vigor in their movements. As soon as the company attains the strength required by law it will proceed to elect the other officers to which it is entitled. All such organizations will be reported to these headquarters as soon as practicable. They will receive pay and allowances for subsistence and forage for the time actually in the field, as established by the affidavits of their captains.

III. These companies will be governed in all respects by the same regulations as other troops. Captains will be held responsible for the good conduct and efficiency of their men, and will report to these headquarters from time to time.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, Numbers 17. Little Rock, Ark., June 17, 1862

* * * * *

V. Until otherwise ordered Major Pearce will be post commandant at Fort Smith and Van Buren. Martial law is hereby declared over said cities and the country within 5 miles of the same.

