
Another will follow before the 30th of this month. I have also ordered Brigadier-General Pike to move in that direction and establish his headquarters at Fort Gibson. His force does not amount to much, but there is no earthly need of its remaining 150 miles south of the Kansas line throwing up intrenchments. My whole force in that region will equal the enemy's before he is ready to move upon Arkansas, if that is intended, which I doubt.

South of this there is yet no movement against me. I have ordered Brigadier-General Roane to Monroe, La., to organize a brigade, and have reason to believe he will succeed in a very short time.

The difficulties that oppress me are great. I believe, however, that I will be able to overcome them all and report my entire district clear of Federals (except along the Mississippi) by the first frost, provided the suggestions made in my previous letter about enlarging my jurisdiction and powers are approved and funds and arms and ammunition sent me promptly. I beg also to say in addition that the Partisan Rangers and State Guard organizations will be likely to impede my efforts. One jurisdiction and one organization for this entire Trans-Mississippi region are, in my opinion absolute essentials to success.

Very respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 23, 1862

His Excellency JEFF. DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

SIR: I have the honor to submit a letter from General Sterling Price proposing a plan of operations west of the Mississippi River and requesting an assignment to the command of the Trans-Mississippi Department.

The order assigning General Magruder to that command has not been rescinded, and I learn from an interview with him that he does not object to the service, but only desires to remain here until the expected battle in the neighborhood of this city occurs. Should this be much longer deferred he will proceed to his destination.

If General Price will accept the position of second in command I think it will be well to send him and to permit the withdrawal of his division from the Army of the West so soon as General Bragg can spare it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement.]

Read and respectfully returned to the Secretary of War. It was never my design to have the troops of Missouri permanently withdrawn from the operations on the west side of the Mississippi. The separation has been longer than I anticipated, and the proposition to restore General Price, with his division, as early as circumstances will permit is approved.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

