
the rest of General Van Dorn's army were left in Arkansas and are safely kept there.

The commander of the department will only need the usual authority to raise troops, funds with which to provide for and pay them, and arms and ammunition to a limited extent.

I have the honor to be, sir, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF INDIAN TERRITORY, No.-. Fort McCulloch, June 23, 1862.

I. Colonel Douglas H. Cooper is assigned to the command of all the Confederate and allied troops north of the Canadian River or that may be ordered there in the Indian country to the Kansas and Missouri lines, except Lieutenant-Colonel Jumper's battalion of Seminoles. He will place his headquarters at such point in that district a he may find most suitable and make such disposition of the troops as the exigencies of the service may require.

II. None of the Indian troops can be marched beyond the limits of the Indian country without their own consent, and it is not desirable they should be even with their consent, unless to attack and disperse the Indian country are there for the purpose of holding possession of the country, securing it to the Confederacy, and protecting it against invasion, and not for the purpose of carrying the war into Kansas or Missouri, laying waste those countries, and, without effecting any permanent good or in the remotest degree influencing the general result, provoking retaliation to the ruin of the Indians themselves.

Incendiaries and armed bands of white men cannot be allowed to roam through the Indian country at their own pleasure, subject to the orders of no superior, to make predatory incursions into the boundary States for purpose of plunder or revenge, fire a few shots, and retire when pursued into the Indian country, to be followed by like bands of the enemy. Large numbers of men are now returning from Texas for such purposes. The war now waging has assumed such proportions that the exploits of only be efficient in causing it to degenerate along the frontier into a bloody system of reprisals, devastation, and murder. All armed bodies of white men in the Indian country north of the Canadian, by whatever authority raised and organized, will be under the orders of Colonel Cooper, and of any other ranking officer in the Confederate service commanding troops in the vicinity, and must report regularly to brigade headquarters or they will not only not be paid or supplied, but will be compelled to leave the Indian country and remain beyond its limits.

III. All individual white men not having heretofore obtained a permanent residence in the Indian country, being within the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years, are presumed to come into it to avoid the operation of the conscription law in Texas or elsewhere. All white men who by intermarriage or otherwise in the Cherokee or Creek country have become under the treaties citizens of one of those nations and subject to the conscription laws of those nations. Colonel Cooper, Colonel Watie, Colonel Drew, and all other Confederate officers in the country north of the Canadian have the right and are hereby directed to arrest

