
these prisoners (Privates S. M. Johnson and Alfred Narymore) belonging to Captain Hooker's company.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT G. BRACKETT,

Colonel Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

Captain J. W. PADDOCK,

Asst. Adjutant-General, Steele's Division, Batesville, Ark.

MAY 27, 1862.-Expedition from Searcy Landing to West Point, Searcy, and Bayou Des Arc, Ark., and skirmishes.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Army of the Southwest.

No. 2.-Colonel Peter J. Osterhaus, Twelfth Missouri Infantry, commanding Third Division, Army of the Southwest.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Army of the Southwest.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp near Searcy Landing, Ark., May 27, 1862-7 p.m.

MAJOR: The expedition which went across to-day consisted of a regiment and a half of infantry, three pieces, and all the cavalry except the cavalry pickets, which were reduced one-half. Proceeding to the town of Searcy, and posting the infantry and artillery with some cavalry to guard the inlets, and sending some of each with the forage wagons, the main body of the cavalry, with one piece (extra horses), was sent under Colonel Porter toward the crossing of the Bayou Des Arc. On its way it drove in and fired on several pickets of 3 or 4 men each, and on arriving at the Bayou Des Arc they found the bridge burned and the stream impassable, while a squad or squads of rebel cavalry were seen in the distance on the other side. The largest number counted in sight at one time by Colonel Drummond was 7. The skirmishers sent out on the road due west from town met 3 rebel horsemen, who on perceiving them wheeled and put off at full speed. The skirmishers (Ninth Iowa) fired, and the center one was seen to make a lurch in his saddle and support himself by his horse's neck. His cap dropped off (an old-fashioned forage cap with gold-lace band) and his pocket-book dropped from his pocket. On the southwest side of town 3 armed rebels made their appearance and ran upon being fired upon by our pickets.

General Osterhaus, besides sending men and wagons across the bridge, crossed troops also at West Point in boats. The forces sent to that place found pickets of the enemy out a short distance. If it was a different sort of force I would consider them the pickets of a grand army, extending its front for 10 miles. The mill is in good repair, but grain seems to be scarce, and any pickets which we might establish there would be constantly liable to be cut off or driven in, and any pickets which we might establish there would be constantly liable to be cut off or driven in, and any

