
all white men of the first class and place them at once in the ranks of some command, where they may be of service; and if any persons of the second class have been by the Cherokee authorities made subject to military duty, Colonels Watie, and Drew will see that the law is enforced, and they will also see that no white men of any age, not lawfully resident in the Indian county, be permitted to remain in the Cherokee or Osage country, and they will be vigilant to prevent any bands of white men or individuals committing depredations in Kansas or Missouri from taking refuge in the Indian country.

IV. Colonel Cooper will assure the Cherokees and Creeks that no effort will be spared to give them aid and protection and to supply and pay them. He will also see that the Creek troops are kept in the field, and not be furlough en masse, as heretofore; and as they will undoubtedly render more efficient service beyond the frontiers of their own country, he will consider whether it will not be advisable to place at least Colonel D. N. McIntosh's regiment in the Cherokee country; at all events, he will place them north of the Arkansas River, where it is supposed that a good position for them may be found upon the Verdigris River, where they can observe the approach of any hostile Indian force and may readily march to co-operate with any other of the Indian troops; all of which should be so disposed of that they may he concentrated by a few marches, and not be liable to be attacked and defeated in detail by a force superior to each of them and inferior to all of them together. The point of concentration ought not to be fixed within the enemy's reach nor the Indian troops be widely separated if the enemy is concentrated.

V. Colonel Cooper will of course report to headquarters all movements of importance of his own troops and any such or any concentration of forces on the part of the enemy. He will keep in view the general instructions heretofore given the officers commanding under him, and if the enemy advances in force will concentrate his troops on their flanks and front, impede their march as greatly as possible, and draw them so far into the country that if defeated retreat may be ruinous to them, not risking a general action if success is doubtful.

The country south of the Canadian offers much better positions for such an action than that north of it, and the nearer Texas it is fought the better. Inasmuch as new levies from that State cannot be had at any considerable distance upon a short notice and with the few troops at present in the country, such an action could not be hazarded without the assistance of artificial works, which there will be no time to erect at any point north of this post.

By order of Brigadier General Albert Pike, commanding Department of Indian Territory:

FAYETTE HEWITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, June 24, 1862

The Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR; I beg leave very respectfully to ask whether any or what action has been taken on the letter which I had the honor to address you at your suggestion a few days ago with reference to the conduct of the war west of the Mississippi, and also to be informed whether I shall be permitted to move with my division or any part of it beyond that river.

