
any military authority in the Indian country, and much less assume command of any Confederate troops or compare rank with any officer in the Confederate service. The commissioned colonels of Indian regiments rank precisely as if they commanded regiments of white men, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

V. Officers commanding troops in the Indian country will receive all orders from whatever source, through the proper channel, and will obey none that come to them in any other manner. Orders to Colonel Cooper will pass through the brigadier-general commanding, and all orders to troops north of the Canadian, except to the Seminole battalion, will pass through Colonel Cooper, acting general of brigade, and every officer will remember that one rule governors all-that the last order, properly communicated from any superior, is to be obeyed.

By order of brigadier-general commanding:

FAYETTE HEWITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

June 26, 1862.

General LEE:

Can I see you for a few moments?

General Price is willing to serve under me in the Trans-Mississippi Department, and expects to take his troops with him, at least those from Missouri.

I am also informed by gentlemen from that region that it is impossible to effect anything without arms and ammunition and money for the unarmed troops already organized there. As soon as the enemy can establish an efficient river police it will be difficult, if not impossible, to get these things across the river. Now it may be done. Ought not, therefore, all the arms and ammunition, whether promised to others or not, which are absolutely needed there, be sent at once, so as to secure their safe transit. The same may be said of money. Mr. Memminger says, I am told, that the troops across the Mississippi must wait their turn. In the present state of affairs they who cannot hereafter be supplied with funds should, it seems to me, have the immediate preference.

As you are now with the President might it not be well to get his orders or views on these subjects, so as to enable you to act at once. I am told there are ten thousand stand of arms on hand promised to troops. Might not these be sent beyond the Mississippi, or at least a large portion of them, and the surplus arms belonging to regiments from Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas, and even Mississippi and Alabama, be taken in place of those thus sent, as no conscripts can be expected from these States.

I take the liberty of throwing out these suggestions, as to which I would like to have your decision and action.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, Numbers 21. Little Rock, Ark., June 26, 1862

* * * * *

II. For the defense of our Indian allies against Federal enemies, as

