
still there, all admonish us to the urgent importance of immediately sending there a large amount of arms.

I would therefore earnestly ask that all the arms that can be reasonably spared be turned over to me for transportation there, and under no circumstances should the number be less than 15,000 stand, with corresponding accouterments and ordnance supplies.

I would also ask that at least fifteen Parrot or rifled field guns be furnished to that district. The necessity of that class of long-range guns is very apparent.

We will have to operate against gunboats, and on the prairies guns will have a field off unobstructed fire to the extent of their longest range.

I understand that very recently a large cargo of arms is reported to have been landed from the Memphis at or near Charleston, I think. This cargo, if undistributed, had better, in my opinion, be assigned to the Trans-Mississippi District, for the reasons that they are neared to it than arms delivered here would be, and that any already packed, and would thus insure their transportation without delay.

Time is of the last importance in supplying this district, as communication is still open, but we cannot expect it to be so for a long time. As the attention of the Federal Government is directed to the increasing importance of our military operations there, the police of the Mississippi River will become still more stringent and efficient, and thus all transit for arms be entirely interrupted. Now is the time to supply us with arms, money, and stores, while the delay of a few days may endanger everything.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have the honor to request that Captain T. J. Page's battery be ordered to report to me. This battery is composed of three small light rifled pieces and was organized by me in the Peninsula. The horses, which are very fine, can be turned over to the quartermaster here if transportation cannot be afforded them. This battery is not needed here, there being more artillery than the army requires. I desire that three more guns may be added to it to make it an efficient battery. It is now but a fragment of a battery.

FORT MCCULLOCH, July 6. 1862.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I inclose copies of a letter from Lieutenant Colonel Chilly McIntosh, commanding Creek Battalion, and of my reply. They will serve to give you a small idea of the embarrassments caused me and the injury done that Government, as well as the wrong done the Indians, by the plundering at Fort Smith and Van Buren of the supplies procured by me for them.

I am sorry I cannot reply to them more satisfactorily.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Indian Territory.

