
[Inclosures.]

CAMP TAYLOR, June 9, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE:

DEAR SIR: This morning I start on my contemplated search for those thieves who have been committing depredations on our soil, and before I go I desire to acknowledge the receipt of your favor and to assure you that I was very much gratified to learn that you entirely approved of my intended movements. I have reported through Captain Johnson the strength of my command at present, and have made another requisition for powder, of which our last allowance was rather scant, being only 60 pounds.

I have heretofore called your attention to the fact that our men are almost entirely destitute of clothing. Their importunities and evident necessities constrain me to again respectfully call your attention to this subject. The number of my men who are found in condition to go out with me at this time is small on account of necessary clothing and shoes. Captain Johnson did not receive sufficient clothing when he last visited headquarters for even 20 men. If the shoes and clothing are not to be had the men would be willing to receive the money in lieu of them, with which they may purchase them. I would not press this matter were it not for the fact that my men are murmuring and complaining at me that they have been again and again disappointed on this subject until they think that I am deceiving them.

I hope you will be able at this time to do something for us to silence their complains and relieve me. My command stands in need of about one hundred guns. If one hundred cannot be had then we will have to content ourselves with what we can get. We need a gunsmith.

I would not have you infer from the murmuring of my men that they are wanting in zeal for the cause. This would be doing them great injustice, for they are warmly attached to our cause, and cheerfully obey orders on all occasions. They only complain of clothing. Please send us one sack of coffee more than our actual rations, so that the officers may purchase their supplies.

I will give you a full statement on my return of what we may discover, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHILLY McINTOSH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,July 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel CHILLY McINTOSH,

Commanding Creek Battalion:

COLONEL: I do not blame your men for murmuring. If the clothing and shoes I obtained for them last winter had not been taken away at Fort Smith without my knowledge I should have supplied them long ago. Their complaints and those of the other Indian troops are just, and I hope the time will come when the officers who robbed them will be punished for it.

I have sent agents to San Antonio and Mexico to procure shoes and clothing, and just as fast as I receive any you shall receive them. Tell your men that I have been badly treated by other officers, but that the President knew nothing of it and would not have allowed it. Assure them that I do everything my power to supply them and make them

