
CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.-CONFEDERATE.

to meet the expedition of the quartermaster's department and the pay of the troops for that number of men for the period of four months will be transmitted to you. In the estimate for quartermaster's funds provision will be made to meet any demands for the purchase of additional transportation.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, Numbers 2.

Numbers 115. Tupelo, Miss., July 13, 1862.

I. The Missouri State Guard, under command of Brigadier General M. M. Parsons, are relieved from further service east of the Mississippi River, and will proceed with the least practicable delay to join the forces of Major-General Hindman as soon as practicable. The general commanding desires to express to General Parsons and his gallant officers and men his high appreciation of their patriotic devotion to the cause in which we are engaged, which has ever distinguished the citizens of Missouri in the armies of the Confederate States.

II. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary means of transportation to facilitate the earliest possible execution of this order.

By command of General Bragg:

THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 164. Richmond, Va., July 16, 1862.

* * * *

XII. Major-General Holmes is assigned to the command of the Trans-Mississippi Department. He will repair without delay to Little Rock, Ark., and establish his headquarters at such place as in his judgment the interests of the service may demand.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2.

Tupelo, Miss., July 17, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,Commanding Trans-Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 7th instant* was received and read with interest by the general commanding, who fully appreciates the difficulties under which you labor and have met with such energy.

The district beyond the Mississippi has been erected into a separate department, distinct from Department Numbers 2, or Western Department, and it is understood Major-General Magruder is now on his way to assume the command. Your orders, &amp;c., forwarded to these headquarters, will be transmitted for the information of the War Department. Whatsoever can be done in this department in the way of material of war or officers to assist you the general begs to assure you shall be

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

