
hasten forward to reduce matters to some system and order on the frontiers. Unless you move promptly and with energy the Indian country and all Northwest Arkansas may be lost to us. It seems that the inefficiency of some and the jealous bickering among others have nearly ruined us in that quarter already. It requires your presence there without delay to prevent further disaster.

Very respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., July 8, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE,

Via Fort Smith and Clarksville;

Almost no organization exists among our troops in the upper Indian country and Northwest Arkansas. They need a head to organize and command them. Without it (as at present) small bands of Federalists overrun the country and seriously threaten Fort Smith and Van Buren. It is also reported -whether true or not I am not certainly advised- that extreme ill-feeling, approaching nearly to actual collision, exists between the two Cherokee regiments. Unless you hurry forward with the greatest possible haste very great calamities may befall us there. Lose no time in doing so. If at all practicable put a proper officer in command of the troops that are moving, with you, and go forward with the necessary staff officers and escort, traveling day and night. When you reach Fort Smith assume of all forces in the Indian Territory and Carroll's district, and make the best disposition of them possible to repel invasions, suppress marauding, and maintain our position. Take all responsibilities necessary in the premises.

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Trans-Mississippi District.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort McCulloch, Ind. T., July 15, 1862.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi District:

GENERAL: Your two orders of the 8th instant (one by telegraph to Clarksville, directing me to proceed to Fort Smith, and the other ordering me to the northern part of the Indian country) have been received.

I have at length succeeded in getting off one-half of Colonel Stevens' Texan mounted regiment, and the other half, it is said, will have followed to-day. The two companies of artillery, making one good company between them, will march the day after to-morrow, I hope, with six guns, all I have men for. I have at last, notwithstanding all efforts in Arkansas to the country, got a little cannot powder. I shall follow as far as the Canadian with all the remaining troops. I say the Canadian, because I expect to meet General Cooper there. It is the latest information that, besides the Indian Expedition, under Colonel Weer, Doubleday is bringing a column down the Verdigris and General Blunt is behind with the main body, the whole force being 14,000 or 15,000 men. The organization of the troops in the Indian country is pretty well effected. They are, except those I have here, gathered together at and near Cantonment Davis, on the Arkansas, if they have not already fallen back. If you will do me the honor to refer to my first

