
stores at West Point 600 pounds of sugar, 50 bushels of beans, and 3 sacks of salt.

Awaiting your further orders, general, I am, with high esteem, your must obedient servant.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest, Batesville, Ark.

MAY 27, 1862.-Skirmish at Big Indian Creek, White County, Ark.

Reports of Brigadier General Eugene A. Carr, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp near Searcy Landing, Ark., May 27, 1862.

MAJOR: Since writing the other dispatch I learn that the intrepid Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis had a skirmish 10 miles above here, on the other side, while escorting a forage train. He had 1 man so badly wounded as to be obliged to leave him behind. Other particulars I have not yet learned. This shows the enemy occupying with his forces a distance of at least 17 miles on the Little Red, including the crossing of the old military road, were I believe it is now fordable. Men of mine who were with the Germans to-day in foraging report great excesses on their part, going into the private apartments of ladies and opening trunks and drawers, and ransacking everything and taking away what they wanted. If these excesses are permitted we cannot wonder at guerrilla warfare.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army of the Southwest, Batesville, Ark.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp near Searcy Landing, Ark., May 28, 1862.

MAJOR: Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis' skirmish yesterday resulted in killing 4 of the enemy and wounding many others, as shown by blood on the ground. He lost 1 sergeant, mortally wounded, and 1 private, slightly. He remained out all night on the other side, 13 miles above. I was very anxious about him, and sent Wyman's brigade at daylight to secure him. He made a detour to the southwest on account of the bad crossing of Indian Creek, which wagons and all had plunged through in their ardor, and came into Searcy while Wyman was looking for him. Colonel Lewis' only fault as a soldier is his imprudence, which is great.

The result of our raid yesterday has been to make the rebels scamper for a distance of 20 miles up and down Little Red and 12 or 15 in front. We have found their pickets over the whole of that country. Their loss in killed and captured will amount to 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, 1 orderly sergeant, and about 20 others. Ours is 1 sergeant mortally wounded and 1 private slightly.

