
the excessive drought, the utter destruction of corn and grass, the intense heat, and the scarcity of water may prove our best allies. No large force of the enemy march now any distance into this country.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Indian Territory.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 29, 1862.

Honorable JOHN B. CLARK,

Honorable WILLIAM M. COOK:

GENTLEMEN: I am directed by the President to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th, urging the restoration of General Magruder to the command of the Trans-Mississippi Department and setting forth the advantages to be derived from a prompt and vigorous campaign in Missouri at this time. In reply the President wishes me to say that the necessity for prompt action was so fully appreciated that any delay was avoided by ordering General Holmes to proceed forthwith to the Trans-Mississippi Department, and he is now en route, if he has not reached his destination.

I have the honor, gentleman, to present you the complaints of the President.

Your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, VICKSBURG, MISS., July 30, 1862.

Numbers 1.
I. Under instructions from the War Department, dated July 16, 1862, the undersigned assumes command of the Trans-Mississippi Department.

II. He announces as his staff First Lieutenant John W. Hinsdale, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Surg. F. D. Cunningham, medical director; Cadet T. H. Holmes, jr., aide-de-camp.

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

FORT WASHITA, IND. T., July 31, 1862.

(Received September 20, 1862.

President DAVIS:

SIR: On the 11th instant I received from Major-General Hindman the order a copy of which is inclosed, marked A, * and sent by telegraph to Clarksville, and by which I was directed to leave my command and department and proceed to Fort Smith. On the next day I transmitted to General Hindman, to be forwarded to the President, my letter of resignation. I had the honor last summer to-day to the President that it was indispensable than an officer should be placed in command of the

---------------

* See Inclosure Numbers 2 to Pike's letter of July 20, p. 857.

---------------

