
furnish the two Texan regiments or a single ounce of cannot powder until July 14, when I received 89,000 caps and about 3,500 pounds of cannon powder, procured for me by an agent sent to Houston, Tex. Until then the Texan regiment and the artillery could not have marched if they had otherwise been ready, and thus three days after I succeeded in procuring powder for my guns General Hindman orders me to send them, with 50 rounds of ammunition each, to Colonel Charles A. Carroll, who, as far as I know, is not a colonel at all.

I do not think I have deserved this treatment at the hands of the Government of its officers. It is now fifteen months since I engaged in the work of treating with the Indians, and I have passed the whole of that time, except about twenty days, away from my family in the public service. I have never asked other generals (my superiors) for anything. I have only asked to be let alone. If I had been let alone the country would not have invaded; but all the means of holding it and repelling invasion having been taken from me, I became powerless, and yet was ordered to march here and there, as though he who issued orders had not already taken care to strip of all the means of effecting what he ordered. I would never have agreed to accept the command herr if I had known I was to have no other force than a few mounted men, not sufficient, with the Indian troops, to meet even 3,000 or 4,000 of the enemy, but just enough to insure disaster and defeat, and that other officers (my superiors) would do more injury and than the enemy could. On my way to the Canadian I received General Hindman's order relieving me from command and ordering me to report in person at his headquarters at Little Rock as soon as possible. The reasons I assigned for resigning are strictly true; but the chief reasons, the "circumstances" alluded to in the letter of resignation, are set out in the letter and in former letters to the War Department. I did not mean to discuss them with General Hindman. I requested him to forward my resignation and to give me leave of absence until it should be accepted. I have been compelled to disburse a large amount of Indian moneys which should have been paid by the superintendent during the last five months. I must needs be occupied some time in closing these matters, and particularly in procuring regular vouchers for $100,000 of moneys expended in feeding the reserve Indians and Comanches, and it will then be necessary for me to go to Richmond and settle the accounts. For these purpose I desired the leave of absence. General Hindman has not been pleased to inform me that he has forwarded my resignation nor to answer my application for leave of absence otherwise than by the order to report at Little Rock. This is not new, however. He has not answered my inquiries in respect to the reported detention of 2,000 Enfield rifles sent to me; in regard to his direction to urge on Colonel Carroll to urge on me the necessity of a forward movement, and in regard to his sending orders direct to "Colonel" Clarkson and placing him in command of half of my department. Orders of the utmost importance applying to this department are issued and find their way to me by accident, which has been fortunate, because if one of these orders had been received and enforced the troops in this department would have been disbanded in a day.

The difference between General Hindman's views and mine is a radical one. He is an Arkansas politician, looking for future civil honors as the reward of a successful defense of his State, and his sole object is to effect her deliverance and safety of Arkansas. Hence it is that he is determined to make the Indian country and Northwestern Arkansas

