
We are by these expeditions somewhat relieved with regard to forage, but will be worse off than ever in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army of the Southwest, Batesville, Ark.

MAY 29, 1862.-Skirmish at Kickapoo Bottom, near Sylamore, Ark.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, including scouts May 19-29.

No. 2.-Lieutenant H. D. B. Cutler, Adjutant Third Iowa Cavalry.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, including scouts May 19-29.

BATESVILLE, ARK.,

(Via Pocahontas, Ark.), May 30, 1862.

My several cavalry expeditions to the front and flank have thus far been successful, scattering bands of rebels and in the aggregate killing some 18 or 20.

Roads are improving and stream subsiding, but rain is again threatened. My express from Rolla has not arrived for several days. At last news the train was attacked near Rolla. The telegraphed is now my only dependence. This should immediately be completed. Please press this matter.

Several steamers and one gunboat were at Little Rock Sunday. The reports of the blockade of the Arkansas were current in Little Rock. If so, the boats are in a pocket. I expect further intelligence from spies and expeditions soon.

A report has just come in that Pike, with 8,000 Indians, has crossed White River 35 miles above and designs to take Rolla. The report seems to be incredible, but should be looked after.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM.

BATESVILLE, MAY 30, 1862.

(Via Pocahontas, June 1, and Rives' Station, June 3.)

GENERAL: The several scouting expeditions which I sent in all directions to scatter the rebel bands have executed my orders with great satisfaction, and in some instances with brilliant success. Generals Carr and Osterhaus arranged those in front of Little Red River, and General Steele those on the left and rear. Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Lewis, of the First Missouri, fell in with a party west of Searcy, charged on them, killing 4 and wounding about 20 and scattering the rest. Near West Point a party was routed by Major Hawkins' Sixth Missouri, and a

