
10. A superintendent of Indian affairs should be appointed at once; a man of character and intellect, who will have the respect of the Indians, and not outrage them by indiscriminate abuse or alienate them by neglect. And agents also should be appointed for the several tribes for which there are none. None of these offices nor that of Commissioner of Indian Affairs should hereafter be sinecures.

11. Major G. A. Schwarzman will present this paper to the President in person. It is perhaps the last word I may have to say on Indian affairs, and I most earnestly hope the views here expressed may find favor with the President.

ALBERT PIKE.

AUGUST 3,[?] 1862.

Gov. JOHN J. PETTUS, Jackson, Miss.:

Secure the delivery of the following dispatch to General Holmes on his way to Arkansas:

Major-General HOLMES:

It has been reported to me that the military authorities in the department to which you have been assigned have usurped powers and displayed needless rigor by declaring martial law, by forcing persons into service not subject to enrollment, by needlessly impressing private property, establishing arbitrary prices for commodities, and enforcing the discipline of a camp upon towns remote from the enemy and not occupied by troops. You will endeavor to correct these abuses as rapidly as is consistent with the defense of the country. De Lagnel is reported sick. If he can join you you can have him as a brigadier-general.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Little Rock, Ark., August 5, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of the 15th ultimo have been received. It is impossible for me to forward you formal reports, as the blanks for which I have repeatedly written have not reached me. I am rejoiced to hear that a separate department has been created out of the country west of the Mississippi River and that General Magruder is coming to assume command. Until his arrival I shall of course report directly to you. I doubt the propriety of my hazarding an attempt to report my strength and plans, but your order to give you at least a general statement of the number and condition of the force with which I expect to operate against the enemy in front of Little Rock, is so peremptory that I shall of course comply. Your order, however, to move against the enemy at Helena at once being, as I conceive, based on a erroneous idea of my strength I have taken the responsibility of delaying its execution. I have now in camp at this place and Pine Bluff about 18,000 effective men, well armed. I have in camps of instruction between 6,000 and 8,000 men, either wholly unarmed or else armed with guns that are of little value, such as shot-guns, rifles, carbines, &amp;c. The arms brought out by Captain Hart, together with those brought by General Parsons, have relieved me of embarrassment and enabled me to make effective the greater part of my command. If Major Bankhead arrives safely, as I think he will, I can then arm the balance of my men. I am waiting anxiously to hear of that officer's arrival on this side of the river. I have six batteries containing forty brass pieces and one battery of iron guns. I have a company of artillery encamped

