
arsenals on the other side of their river. This was before the stores sent by Captain Hart and General Parsons reached me, and before I was advised of Major Bankhead's success in getting arms and munitions for me. I have authorized the raising of independent companies among the people, and have placed those companies under the charge of the provost-marshall's department. I inclose you copies of my orders* on the subject. These companies have proved to be of benefit already, and could be made vastly useful if I had guns, even old shot-guns and rifles, to give them. As you are probably aware, nearly every gun in this State has been purchased or impressed by the Government, and many men not subject to conscription withhold from the independent companies of their counties only because they hear I can get no guns. This organization is not only useful now in matters of police, but may be more so in future as a powerful reserve, to be called into place when necessity requires it. If you arm it now you foster and secure it. For that reason I make the same appeal to you which I made to General Bragg. Let me have the old shot-guns, rifles, condemned muskets, and useless cannon which I have mentioned, to place in the hands of independent companies. I can make them useful. They are doing and will do no good were they are. I can use the batteries along the streams which the enemy's boats may attempt to navigate. If you can send them to me I urge upon you to do so as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 2.Little Rock, Ark., August 12, 1862.

I. The headquarters of the Trans-Mississippi Department will be at Little Rock, Ark., until further orders. For the present the chiefs of respective staff departments, as arranged by Major-General Hindman for the Trans-Mississippi District, will perform the respective duties in their offices in the department. Communications and correspondence will be directed accordingly. All orders of district and other commanders will be enforced until revoked or modified.

II. Commanding officers will immediately, on the receipt of this order, report to these headquarters the number and condition of their respective commands.

III. All the troops in the neighborhood of Little Rock and on the Arkansas River below will be immediately encamped on the Bayou Metoe, or at such other place nearer the enemy as Major-General Hindman may designate. Major-General Hindman will assume the immediate command of the army thus ordered, and prepare it at the earliest moment possible for active field operations.

By command of Major General T. H. Holmes:

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers -. Helena, Ark., August 15, 1862.

- -, colored, formerly slaves, having, by direction of- owner, been engaged in the rebel service, - hereby confiscated as

---------------

* General Orders, Numbers 17, June 17, 1862, p. 835.

---------------

