
5. Government credit has been injured by the large number of certified accounts distributed among the people who have furnished the army with supplies. These accounts, made within the past nine months by regimental quartermasters, are in the majority of cases informal, and cannot be paid by the post quartermasters even if they had the funds.

The difficulties could all be surmounted were the funds in hand to operate with; but though two agents have been sent to Richmond by General Hindman, with estimates regularly approved, as yet to money has been received. I have now respectfully to ask your interposition, and to urge that, unless the funds for use of quartermaster's department (estimates for which are sent forward to-day by Mr. S. H. Tucker, a citizen of this place) be speedily furnished, in whole or in part, it will be impossible to accomplish anything the army now assembled and en route here. Much has been already done with very limited means, but much remains to be effected before the army can move. In respect to the certified accounts in the hands of the people, permit me to suggest the appointment of a commission of claims, to receive, inspect, and settle these accounts, many of which are informal, but doubtless most of them just. They are now a source of great dissatisfaction, and if permitted to remain much longer uncared for may be productive of harm. Estimates for the pay department are not sent, because information was received by me that Major Carr, my paymaster, was en route with the funds.

In conclusion, allow me again respectfully to urge upon you the difficulties attending my present position for want of proper means, and to ask the prompt interposition of your authority to procure the necessary relief.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THE. M. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., September 10, 1862.

Honorable JOHN B. CLARK,

Confederate States Senator, and others;

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor, by direction of the President, to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 1st instant,*

inclosing a letter from Major-General Price in relation to affairs in Missouri, and to inform you that since the date of General Price's letter circumstances have greatly changed. General Price is now supposed to be in the field. The Army of the Trans-Mississippi is rapidly increasing, and arms are being sent thither to the full of present means at the disposal of the Government. The President desires me to assure you that the affairs of your State his earnest attention, and that he confidently hopes that before long our arms will achieve there the success which you and he so much desire.

With assurances of the President's high consideration, I remain, gentlemen, your very obedient servant,

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

