
lieutenant taken prisoner. Colonel Brackett, commanding at Jacksonport, reports that Lieutenant-Colonel Sickles, of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, attacked a party at Cache River, killing 4, wounding 4, taking 2 prisoners, and driving the rest into the swamp. Major Bowen, commanding detachment of his battalion and a detachment of Major Drake's battalion (Third Iowa Cavalry), at 9 o'clock p.m. on the 29th instant fell upon a rebel camp at Kickapoo Bottom, west of this point about 55 miles, killing 3 and scattering the rebels in every direction, and capturing a large amount of camp and garrison equipage, 22 prisoners, some 25 horses, 54 guns, and 30 or 40 bowie-knives and 30 revolvers. This was a most daring attack, the men leaving their horses and charging the swamp with their carbines. I hope these gallant acts will be published, to show that our troops can take the rebels on their own ground of guerrilla warfare, and show superior arms and brave conduct. Just received and announced your glorious news, "Coring is ours."

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. SCOTT KETCHUM.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant H. D. B. Cutler, Adjutant Third Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,Batesville, Ark., May 31, 1862.

The detachment from your command for the recent expedition has returned. Major Bowen, as commander of the expedition, has made his report to the proper authorities,* and I transmit the following as a matter of record of the doings of the detachment of the Third Iowa Cavalry in the expedition:

In obedience to your order the detachment of 150 men, under command of Major Drake, reported to Major Bowen, at the ferry, on the morning of the 28th, and were crossed over White River without delay, and soon after were on the march. Major Bowen's battalion consisted of about the same number of men and two mountain howitzers.

During the second day's march we captured one of the enemy's pickets, and learning from him that a band of guerrillas was encamped on the Kickapoo Bottom, we were induced to vary from our instructions and turn from our course, to endeavor to kill, capture, or disperse them before proceeding forward. Consequently we turned off to the right for Sylamore, which place we reached about dark, a distance of 60 miles from Batesville. The camp was about 2 miles up the river, and Major Bowen determined upon a surprise. After proceeding to within half a mile of the camp the men were dismounted and directions given to surround the rebels; but owing to the extreme darkness of the night we were not able to hit upon the exact locality, and while cautiously feeling our way we were fired upon by their pickets of 25 or 30 men. We returned the fire, and for a few minutes nothing could be heard but the rapid shots from our revolvers. The enemy had run after delivering their fire. Pursuit was made, resulting in the capture of 25 prisoners, 40 horses and mules, and 40 stand of arms. Other property found in their camp was destroyed for want of transportation, we having no wagons.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

