
freely with me. It will always give me pleasure to avail myself of the co-operation which you kindly tender to me.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

To Their Excellencies

F. R. LUBBOCK

Governor of Texas.

C. F. JACKSON,

Governor of Missouri,

T. O. MOORE,

Governor of Louisiana,

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 15, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE;

GENERAL: I arrived here about one week since, reported to Major-General Holmes, who confirmed and engaged my authority, modifying it in one particular only, requiring me to report to him alone officially the result of my efforts at recruiting in Missouri, and requesting me at the same time to advise you of the change. Soon after I reached here I dispatched about 30 persons to different parts of Missouri for the purpose of enlisting and swearing into the service of the C. S. Army all the able-bodied men they could meet with, to have them reported at camp for organization and instruction, remaining here myself, at the request of General Holmes, for the purpose of having an interview with Governor Jackson, who was then expected daily. On yesterday the Governor arrived, and after a long interview between the Governor and general, at which I was present, the Governor turned over to General Holmes all the State property at his place, embracing a large amount of clothing and other army stores; also all now in Mississippi. The Governor also made an order turning over all the State guards now in Missouri to the Confederate States, requiring them to report to me, withdrawing from all persons all power to recruit in future for the Missouri State Guard. I have not seen General Parsons, but arrangements are on foot to turn his entire command over to the Confederate States service, and I think it will be successful, as Governor Jackson, General Hindman, and General Parsons are all trying to effect it in a manner satisfactory to the men.

Quite a large number of troops has already been organized along the southern border of Missouri, and from all the information I have obtained I believe there are many more to be collected and organized.

But unfortunately there have been feuds and difficulties of almost every kind among them, which have annoyed General Holmes very much, but I think he has adjusted most of the embarrassing cases, and I hope in future, if possible, to avoid difficulties of a like character. They have been such as are incident to the organization of volunteer forces everywhere.

General McBride has with him about 4,000 men; General Rains, has probably the same number. Many of the troops of the former belong to the State. Coffee has from 800 to 1,200 under his command, and from all I can learn there is largely over 30,000 troops in this State, but

