
2nd. There have been sent to the Trans-Mississippi Department 16,000 stand of small-arms, of which 5,000 were captured by the enemy; 2,000 have certainly crossed the river; 4,000 were sent to Macon for repairs; 2,400 to Chattanooga for a similar purpose, and 1,000 have been repaired and sent out, but probably have not yet crossed the Mississippi. It is the intention of the Department to send 5,000 of the arms captured in the recent battle at Manassas when they are received. One-fourth of those taken in the battles near Richmond were sent to the Trans-Mississippi Department. Twenty pieces of cannon have been forwarded since April, and it is supposed that no more are needed for the present.

3rd. There were 5,000 small-arms lost in crossing the Mississippi, and the Department has ordered an inquiry into the circumstance of the loss, but no report has yet been received.

4th. It is impossible to say what number of arms can be supplied in future, as the means of the Government depend upon the contingencies of running the blockade and winning battles .

5th. The expediency of entering Missouri will be left to the discretion of the commanding general.

An answer to your inquiries was prepared several days since, but having been submitted to the Chief of Ordnance for verification, was mislaid on its return to this office by Colonel Gorgas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 18.Little Rock, Ark., September 22, 1862.

With a view to prepare for emergencies in the field all issues of bacon, except to hospitals, are strictly prohibited. The chief commissary of subsistence, as also district, depot, division, and brigade commissaries, will retain on hand all they have and accumulate all that can be procured in their respective jurisdictions. For this purpose the commanding general, proud of the disinterested zeal of the troops, does not doubt that they will cheerfully submit to this privation in order that they may be better prepared to march in search of the enemy, which he promises them shall be on the earliest day possible.

By command of Major-General Holmes:

JAMES DESHLER,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 25, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Little Rock, Ark.;

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 8th instant you are respectfully informed that al requisitions from the Trans-Mississippi Department have been promptly met, and over $33,000,000 has been sent to the department. Fearing some mistake or misconduct in the keeping and disbursing of these funds, a statement of each sum forwarded and the name of the officer to whom it was sent has been prepared and inclosed to you, and another copy will be sent. Upward of 20,000 stand of arms have been ordered to the department and 16,000 actually forwarded;

