
5,000 will go under the charge of Major Alexander. The Department having been informed that Colonel Deshler was on board the boat captured by the enemy while transporting arms across the Mississippi River, desires an inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining whether he is responsible for the loss; and, if not, who is. You will use your own discretion in organizing the forces that may join from Missouri. Permits to raise regiment in that State are always given subject to your approval. Before your arrival such permits were subject to General Price's approval, and he has been directed to communicate with you on the subject. All new regiments raised in Missouri must conform to the organization of the Provisional Army. If the companies come in independently field officers will be appointed by the President, but if any organized regiments tender their service all the officers are elected. The Department will continue to send supplies of arms and ammunition to the Trans-Mississippi country whenever the exigencies of the service elsewhere will permit. Unless prevented by unforseen contingencies, one-fourth of all the arms purchased and manufactured will be forwarded to you with suitable supplies of ammunition.

Your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., September 25, 1862.

Brigadier General J. M. HAWES, Mobile, Ala.:

Proceed to Little Rock, Ark., and report to General Holmes.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 39. Little Rock, Ark., September 28, 1862.

I. 1st. McRae's brigade, consisting of McRae', Matlock's, Johnson's, Pleasants', McNeill's, and Morgan's regiment of Arkansas Infantry, and Woodruff's Arkansas, Battery, will move on Monday next, 29th instant, and report to Brigadier General J. S. Rains, at Elkhorn.

2nd. Burford's regiment of Texas Cavalry will move immediately, and take post at Elk Mills, reporting to Brigadier General J. S. Rains, at Elkhorn.

3rd. Etter's Arkansas battery will move at once to Elkhorn, and report to Brigadier General J. S. Rains.

4th. Grinsted's regiment Arkansas Infantry will move at once to Yellville, and report to Brigadier General M. M. Parsons.

5th. The infantry of Brigadier-General McBride's command will move to Yellville, and report to Brigadier General M. M. Parsons.

6th. Colonel R. G. Shaver is relieved of the command of Shaver's brigade, of Roane's division, and will assume command of his regiment, at Pocahontas.

7th. Cols. James Deshler and F. A. Shoup are relieved from staff duty, and will report to Major General T. C. Hindman, to be assigned to the command of brigades.

8th. Brigadier General J. S. Roane will proceed immediately to Fort Smith, and report to Major General T. C. Hindman, to be assigned to the command of troops in the Indian country.

