
9th. Major General T. C. Hindman is relieved from the command of the District of Arkansas, and will assume command of the troops in Northwestern Arkansas, Southwestern Missouri, and the Indian Territory, and will organize the same into an army corps, to be styled First Army Corps, Army of the West.

10th. By authority of the War Department, Cols. J. S. Marmaduke and A. Nelson are assigned to duty as brigadier-generals. Brigadier-General Marmaduke will report to Major General T. C. Hindman for duty. Brigadier-General Nelson is assigned to the command of the division composed of his own and Flournoy's brigades.

11th. The following arrangement of troops not included in the First Army Corps, Army of the West, is announced, viz:

FIRST DIVISION, Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH commanding.

First Brigade, Colonel O. Young commanding.-First, Young's regiment Texas Infantry; second Ochiltree's regiment Texas Infantry; third, Hubbard's regiment Texas Infantry; fourth, Burnett's regiment Texas Infantry.

Second Brigade, Colonel H. Randal commanding.-First, Randal's regiment Texas Infantry; second, Clark's regiment Texas Infantry; third, Roberts' regiment Texas Infantry; fourth, Speight's regiment Texas Infantry.

SECOND DIVISION, Brigadier General A. NELSON commanding.

First Brigade, Brigadier-General Nelson commanding.-First, Nelson's regiment Texas Infantry; second, Sweet's regiment Texas Infantry; third, Darnell's regiment Texas Infantry; fourth, Taylor's regiment Texas Infantry; fifth, Gould's battalion Texas Infantry.

Second Brigade, Colonel George Flournoy commanding.-First, Flournoy's regiment Texas Infantry; second, Waterhouse's regiment Texas Infantry; third, Allen's regiment Texas Infantry; fourth, Fitzhugh's regiment Texas Infantry.

GARLAND'S BRIGADE (unattached).

First, Garland's regiment Texas Infantry; second, Wilkes' regiment Texas Infantry; third, Gillespie's regiment Texas Infantry; fourth, Portlock's regiment Arkansas Infantry; fifth, Denson's company Louisiana Cavalry; sixth, Hart's Arkansas Battery; seventh, Nutt's company Louisiana Cavalry.

CAVALRY BRIGADE, Colonel W. H. PARSONS commanding.

First, Parsons' regiment Texas Cavalry; second, Carter's regiment Texas Cavalry; third, Chrisman's battalion of cavalry, composed of Rutherford's, Anderson's, and Corley's companies, with McGehee's company, to be mounted (Major Chrisman will immediately report, with his battalion, to Colonel Parsons, at Cotton Plant); fourth, Pratt's Texas Battery.

12th. Colonel J. W. Dunnington is assigned to the command of the river defenses of Arkansas. He will, with the least possible delay, erect fortifications at suitable points on the Arkansas and White Rivers.

