
for army use such proportion of the salt manufactured by him as may be required by the chief commissary of the department, not to exceed one-half of the amount manufactured. The remainder he will sell to citizens at the price of $1.50 per bushel, or less if the cost of manufacture is below that price, payable in Confederate money, or in corn, wheat, flour, pork, bacon, lard, and such other articles of subsistence as may be necessary, in due proportion of each, limiting the quantity of salt sold to each citizen to a reasonable supply for himself and family. The prices to be paid in salt for articles of subsistence will be regulated by the tariff. This applies when the articles are delivered at the place where produced. When delivered at Government depots the actual expense of transportation will be added. It must be perfectly palpable to every one that on the successful operation of this order will depend the ability of the ability of the people to provide provisions for another year. As soon as the emergency is past the order will be rescinded. A fair compensation will be allowed the owners of the works seized.

By command of Major-General Holmes:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 10, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,

Commanding First Army Corps, in the Field:

GENERAL: In consideration of the utter destitution of the troops in Northwestern Arkansas and Missouri and my inability to procure clothing for them you will cause all the clothing forwarded for the troops in the Indian country, as well as that turned over by the Governor of Missouri, to be issued in such a manner as to give, if possible, every soldier actively on duty a suit of clothing. During the campaign you are about to institute you will please correspond directly with me.

I am, general, very respectfully,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 11, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the President to inform you that reports have reached him from reliable sources of the continued enforcement of martial law in Arkansas and of arrests of persons and seizures of property by officers of the army and provost-marshals. He is confident that it is only necessary to call your attention to this state of things to insure the adoption of prompt measures for the prevention and punishment of infractions of law. I am aware of the difficulty of restraining subordinate officer exceeding their authority, and that with every effort on your part cases must still occur which afford well-grounded cause of complaint. I have ordered forward to you 3,000 stand of arms in addition to those already sent, and I shall continue to increase your stock of arms. The conscript law has been suspended

