
by the President in the State of the Missouri. You are at liberty therefore to receive and muster in as many troops as you can raise in that State. All permits to raise troops in Missouri granted by the department are subject to your approval. You can distribute them among the different arms as you please. The organization must conform to that of the Provisional Army. The rolls should be returned to the department as speedily as possible and field officers nominated where regiments are organized from unattached companies. Until the nominations are confirmed you may give acting appointments. You will assume the control of the enrollment of conscripts in your department, it being impossible for us to appoint officers and to require them to report directly to this department, as we have done east of the Mississippi. In your regulations concerning conform as far as possible to those promulgated by the Department. A new call will soon be made under the amended conscript act and regulations will be adopted for carrying it out. I shall send you copies of them if possible. Wishing you success in your approaching campaign, I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 11, 1862. (Received November 5.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Herewith you will find inclosed a copy of a letter addressed by me to Major General Curtis, commanding United States forces in Missouri and Arkansas.* The unheard-of outrages committed by the Federal troops have rendered it necessary for me to take some steps to suppress them. I hope the letter will have the desired effect. If it fails I shall retaliate. I beseech you to send me some general officers. I have the painful duty to perform of reporting the death of Brigadier General A. Nelson, who commanded a division. He is an irreparable loss to me.

I am, general, very respectfully,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 228. Richmond, October 11, 1862.

* * * *

x. Brigadier General D. M. Frost will proceed to Little Rock, Ark., and report for duty to Major General T. H. Holmes, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department.

* * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Holmes to Curtis, October 11, 1862, p. 726.

---------------

