
I have ordered all your requisitions on Adams to be filled at once, though I sincerely hope the corn will be unnecessary. If the division at Austin comes up I will accompany it, for it will be putting all on the cast and I will be present at the throwing. To complete my depression I have just received a telegraphic order to send seven regiments of Texas troops to Richmond. Let this be entirely confidential. I will probably send Garland's three regiments and Sibley's brigade. Take care of yourself; your life may save the Confederacy. I have received a letter from the President. He is much pleased that things are not as had as they were represented, and will sanction what you have done as far as he is able.

Yours, very truly,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 19, 1862. (Received November 22.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your telegraphic order to send seven Texas regiments to the Army in Virginia is received. I will order Garland's brigade of three regiments, now at the Post of Arkansas [Arkansas Post], and Sibley's brigade of four regiments, believed to be now reassembled at Marshall, Tex. I have ordered Major Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, to proceed at once to Marshall to supervise and hasten the movement of the four regiments from that place, General Sibley having been ordered to report in person to General Hebert at San Antonio, where the charges against him are to be inquired into. Colonel Garland will move with his brigade as soon as the guns are mounted in the fort now being erected at the Post of Arkansas; say in ten days. The enemy have quietly collected a large force in Northwestern Missouri. I have sent General Hindman to take command and aggregate all our forces in that direction. It may be that he will require the division that is now in front of Helena; if so, I will accompany it and direct the operations in person.

I am, general, very respectfully,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 20, 1862.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have directed a statement of the arms sent to the Trans-Mississippi Department to be forwarded to you, from which you will see that the entire number of small-arms exceeds 25,000. After deducting 5,000 lost in crossing the river and 4,000 intended for General Taylor you will have 16,000 for the force under your immediate command. I hope that these arms will enable you to commence offensive operations. Some delay must still be encountered, however, in getting them to you, owing to the difficulties of transportation. I suppose that the lateness of the season and General Bragg's retrograde movement in Kentucky will compel you to abandon for the present all intention of invading Missouri. After providing for the defense of Ar-

