
Our loss was Stanton B. Millan (battalion saddler), sergeant, killed; Captain Israel Anderson, Company C, shot through the thigh; Private Joseph T. French, Company A, shot through the thigh. Sergeant Millan was buried the next day (30th) on the field. The wounded we brought with us with great difficulty, having no means of transportation until we were able to press a buggy.

We encamped on the night of the 29th in the rebel camp, and being encumbered with prisoners, horses, and contraband property, as well as our own wounded, it was deemed advisable to return to Batesville, especially as the time we were limited to would expire by that time, and our rations were giving out. Accordingly we left for camp at about noon. Before starting the rebels had made their appearance on the opposite side of the river, and had fired upon our men while they were watering their horses. The howitzers were brought into position to shell the woods, with what effect is not known. Two at least of the enemy are known to be killed, having been picked off by carbines across the river. After ascending the bluff on our return our extreme rear guard of 4 men of Company K were fired into by a party of about 25 guerrillas, who then ran, pursued by the rear guard. No one hurt on our side except one man, who was shot through the canteen, losing the molasses with which it was filled. Nothing occurred on our homeward march save an occasional shot from our flankers, telling unmistakably they were doing their duty.

Great praise is due our men for their uniform good conduct on the march as well as their unflinching readiness in the attack. Nor can I forbear mentioning the fortitude evinced by Captain Anderson and Private French during their painful carriage to camp. Not a word escaped them, though the roughness of the roads must necessarily have made their wounds excruciatingly painful.

Of Millan it is unnecessary for me to speak, for his well-known morality and attention to his duties must have long before this commended him to your notice as well as that of the regiment at large. Poor fellow! It was his first and last scout, and his loss is sincerely mourned by all who knew him.

With great respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. D. B. CUTLER,

Adjutant.

Colonel BUSSEY.

May 31, 1862.-Skirmish near Neosho, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General William S. Ketchum, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, Missouri Militia.

No. 3.-Colonel John M. Richardson, Fourteenth Regiment Missouri Militia.

No. 4.-Lieutenant Colonel James K. Mills, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

No. 5.-Colonel Stand Watie, Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General William S. Ketchum, U. S. Army.

SAINT LOUIS, June 1, 1862.

Colonel Richardson, Missouri State Militia, was attacked yesterday, near Neosho, by the rebel Colonel Coffee, with several hundred men

