
among the number) that none of the Choctaws, not even those living on the border of the Creek country and within reach of the Hopoeithleyoho a influence, have ever shown the least disposition to go over to the enemy. In my talk to the Council to-day I followed closely your instructions. It was well received. The Indians all seemed highly gratified at the interest manifested toward them by the Confederate Government. Judge Samuel Garland, one of the best and most sensible men in the nation, has just been elected Principal Chief. He is a man of wealth and influence, is a slave-holder, and a true Southerner. I have turned over to the treasurer of the nation the money belonging to the Choctaws. I shall leave here for Tishomingo, the capital of the Chickasaw country, to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. SCOTT,

Agent, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS,Little Rock, Ark., October 23, 1862.

[General T. C. HINDMAN]:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send a slip from a newspaper. Write to me what you think of it, and whatever I would be justified in moving up toward Southeast Missouri to meet Steele. What he has gone to Pilot Knob for I can't imagine, unless Curtis permitted himself to be alarmed and sent Steele to resist an invasion. I will send you a few arms as soon as they arrive; some of them are between here and Camden. The news from the east is conflicting. Telegrams from our side claim a great victory for Bragg. The Northern papers are most painfully circumstantial, and say he was defeated. Write to me fully about your situation. Your family are all well.

I am, general, yours, very truly,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.-Special to the Chicago Times.]

From Missouri.-Steele's army ordered to Pilot Knob.-Magnitude of the invasion.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 13, 1862.

General Steele's division of the army from Helena is disembarking from a fleet of steamboats to-day at Sulphur Springs and will proceed immediately to Pilot Knob. The movement from Helena was ordered by General on the eve of a movement for capturing Little Rock. The object of ordering a veteran brigade of infantry, with heavy artillery, into Southeast Missouri suggests extraordinary strategy, as the only known rebels there are guerrillas. General Steele is in the city. General Schofield is at Cassville, Mo. A general opinion begins to prevail here that the rebel movements in the Southwest have been very much exaggerated, and that half of Schofield's army could have beaten all the rebels between Springfield and Fort Smith. The rebels have played a successful game of deception. General Totten at Springfield and General Steele at Helena both received reports of spies and Union men from the interior of Arkansas, and yet these reports of rebel strength at Cross Hollows do not agree by 20,000. The wife of an ex-secession State senator was restrained to-day from ejecting a tenant for

