
Unionism and the tenant prohibited from paying any more rent until further orders. Great indignation is felt throughout the city because of a rank, treasonable demonstration yesterday of Corinth, and buried with fashionable honors. The affair was turned into a secession gathering.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

For Washita, C. N., October 24, 1862. (Received November 19.)

General S. COOPER, C. S. A.,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.;

GENERAL: The condition of the Indian troops and people and the state of affairs in the whole Indian country gives me infinite concern. All the white troops lately in the Indian country are now in Arkansas, under General Hindman, except a few detached companies, having been driven out of Missouri and forced at the latest advices to retire to Huntsville, some 55 miles east of the Indian line. All the detached companies that had remained at and near this post with Colonel Lane's regiment are also ordered northward, and are either already on the march or getting ready to move. The Indian troops under Colonel Cooper were also taken into Missouri, and part of them were engaged in the action at Newtonia. At the latest, advices, being of the 15th, Colonel Cooper, with these Indians, had been ordered to march into Kansas, and was moving toward Pineville. He had with him the toward Pineville. He had with him the two Choctaw regiments and perhaps Colonel Watie's Cherokee regiment. The Creek regiment of Colonel D. N. McIntosh was on the 13th on the Spavina, in the Cherokee country, having been 4 miles above Neosho, and compelled to fall back on account of a superior force on their right. I think that Lieutenant Colonel Chilly McIntosh's battalion has all the time remained in the Creek country. The Seminole troops, about 220 in number, under Lieutenant Colonel John Jumper, are in their own country. All the families had fled to Camp Holmes, near the mouth of Little River, but under my advice they have returned home. The Chickasaws have reorganized five companies. I inclose a copy of a letter from the senior captain, showing their destitute condition. But for the positive assurance that clothing was on the way to them they would not have reorganized. I inclose a copy of extracts from the letter of General Hindman's assistant adjutant-general, of date October 8, from Little Rock, and of a letter from General Holmes' assistant adjutant-general of the same date to acting assistant commissary of subsistence at this post, which will show what the views of Generals Holmes and Hindman are and their orders in respect to the defense of this country. I recollect that General Holmes asked me at Little Rock in August what was the need of any white troops at all in the Indian country. He did not put the question as wishing an answer, and it seemed to me so strange a one that I made none. This policy, or rather impolicy, of leaving the Indian country defenseless and violating the pledges and promises made by me on behalf of the Government to the Indians, to the effect that we would protect them and keep at least three regiments in the country for their defense, seems to me so clearly fatal and so directly at war with the views and wishes of the Government, that I may well leave to the Secretary of War and the President the defense of their own policy and the enforcement of their own wishes, for every effort has been made

