
to reach their destination. Am I to leave them to suppose that I have lief to them or that the President and Government are in fault? Must I refrain from telling them the simple truth, as I had to do once before, because to do so will impugn the action of my superior officer and subject me to the harsh judgment and denunciation of General Holmes? Shall I recognize the correctness of his proposition, made to me on the subject in August, that "the act of the officer is the act of the Government? I wish I could to-day have the President's answer to these questions. I am also anxious to know whether the President approves of leading the Indians out of their own country. I have always been averse to it. I think if unjust and cruel to them and impolitic in the extreme for us.

The dead of the enemy were scalped, I am informed by an officer who was there, in or after the engagement of September 30, at Newtonia, notwithstanding my orders prohibiting it, issued long ago.

I fully expect an immediate advance of the enemy either upon Fort Smith and then into the Indian country and Texas, or immediately into Texas through this country. The enemy are strong enough to do it, and why they should not do it I do not know. Hopoeithleyohola, with a hostile Indian force, is hovering somewhere north of the Arkansas and to the westward of the Verdigris, and I have positive and certain information that months ago some 8,000 California troops occupied New Mexico from Santa Fe to El Paso. I believe their aim is Texas. It is so understood there.

I have no ammunition, no provisions, no transportation, no money, and little credit. What the Indian troops are to do this winter, how they are to be fed and kept from freezing, I do not know. Their families are already suffering for good. No provisions are coming here from Texas.

I am oppressed with very gloomy forebodings, and I deeply regret that the President did not see fit to accept my resignation and relieve me from this horrible condition of responsibility, anxiety, and embarrassment.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Indian Territory.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT ARBUCKLE, C. N., October 16, 1862.

General ALBERT PIKE:

SIR; Agreeably to the orders of Colonel Cooper, of date August 19, the Chickasaw battalion commenced reorganizing, and now have reorganized five companies, and, with the exception of a few, all members of the old battalion; but it is the fact, and I regret very much to say, that there is not one officer in all the companies that is capable to fulfill the duties of either quartermaster, commissary, or adjutant. Captain Cochran, whom you appointed commissary and assigned to duty for the battalion, says he considers himself no longer in the commissary department, and I have made a temporary appointment to act during the reorganization of the battalion. Captain Campbell still retains his office, and has told me that he will act until relieved. The battalion is in a bad condition - no shoes, hats, clothing, or tents; but I hope those things which they are in much need of will be furnished soon.

With that hope before them they sick together. If it is in your power to do so could you not appoint a commissary for us and continue Cap-

