
tain Campbell in the quartermaster's department, and also appoint an adjutant for the battalion? If a citizen can be appointed I should recommend Mr. Davisse, who has formerly acted as such in the old battalion a few months. There is also Mr. Rennie, who acted as adjutant up to the time the re-enlistment commenced, and he, considering himself out of service, went home. All the officers of the old battalion took a stampede as son as the day of re-enlistment arrived, and Governor Harris, who was authorized to re-enlist, being sick and not able to attend to it, assigned me the duty. I have succeeded so far as to get five companies reorganized, as I said before. There were very little provisions in the commissariat, and I have made requisition on the quartermaster at Fort Washita for provisions. This was my only chance to keep the men together, and made a temporary arrangement for beef. If I was wrong in so doing I hope I may be excused, because I saw no other chance. The lieutenant -colonel of the old battalion having told them that the old was disbanded, a great many of the men took if for granted that they were free to go when they pleased, and, sir, it required all my energy, by taking, explaining, persuading to remain, but a great many went home; but I hope to see you up here before long.

Yours, respectfully,

JAMES GAMBLE,

Captain, Commanding Chickasaw Battalion.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., October 8, 1862.

Captain A. G. MAYERS,

Assistant Quartermaster, &amp;c., Fort Washita, C. N.;

CAPTAIN: * * * *

It appearing evident, from the information given by you, that the various Texas companies under Captains Marshall, Martin, and others, now at or near Forts Washita and McCulloch, are not needed in that region, General Hindman recommended and General Holmes made an order, which is sent open by the same courier who carries this letter, directing them all to march within forty-eight hours after receiving the order for Maysville, Ark. The order is intended to embrace all those unattached companies or battalions in that region of country. They are not all mentioned by name, for the reason that they never report and there is no definite knowledge here about them; but if any of them hesitate you will read to them this paragraph of this letter, with the information from me that they will be summarily dealt with if disobedient of slow to execute the order.

* * * * *

General Hindman is of opinion that if at all practicable it would be best to use the companies of the provost-marshal's department for post guard duty at the places under your charge. He wishes you to write to General Holmes fully on that subject. Except when absolutely indispensable, it is believed best to keep white troops entirely out of the Indian settlement.

* * * * *

Respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

