
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 8, 1862.

Captain A. G. MAYERS,

Acting Commissary of Subsistence, Fort McCulloch, Ind. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: In addition to my note of this date I am instructed by Major-General Holmes to say if there are any other detached companies than Captain Marshall's and Martin's in your vicinity your order them to join Captain Marshall's and move with him, and this will be your authority for so doing.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, C. S. A., and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

CAMP DARDENNE, February 10, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE, Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have to inclose letter from Colonel John Drew, * addressed to me as colonel commanding department. You having virtually relieved me from that position by your order printed and published at Little Rock, I can only advise the parties, which I have done to-day, to use all their power to preserve peace and order in the Cherokee Nation. It is apparent to everybody that we are in great danger of it but the presence of a large body of white troops. I have ordered the only regiment of white men in the department (Colonel Taylor's Texas cavalry, at Fort Washita) to North Fork, so as to place them within reach. There is little or no forage to be had at Fort Gibson. The Secretary of War, in his letter to me authorizing the First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, stated and required me to say to the Choctaw Council that six regiments-there white, from Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas, and three Indian-were raised for the protection of the Indian Territory. Under, that written pledge the Choctaws turned out. Colonels Hebert's, Churchill's, and Greer's regiments were ordered out for service in the Indian Territory, but were taken into Arkansas and there remained. The only regiment of white men now in it I took the responsibility of raising. Unless the Government complies with its promises to the Indians in every particular, and especially in giving them the aid of a sufficient body of white troops, the Indian Territory will assuredly be lost. I do not presume to advise, but simply state what I know to be true.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Colonel, Commanding Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 25, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, C. S. A., Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: At the risk of being considered importunate my duty compels me again to address you on a subject of vital importance to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

