
General Holmes's letter and asking if more funds are necessary for estimates by a bonded officer.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

NOVEMBER 19, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General for information as to what requisitions from General Holmes are now on hand unhonored and for suggestion as to the best means of immediately meeting the wants stated.*

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., October 26, 1862.

General T. C. HINDMAN,

Commanding First Army Corps, Trans-Mississippi Army:

GENERAL: Yours of the 20th + is received too late to stop Burbridge. You need not except any benefit, however, from his movement, as the enemy are too strong at Rolla and Pilot Knob to require aid from Springfield. Not knowing Burbridge, I fear for his safety. I am in perfect ignorance of the state of affairs up with you, and cannot understand why General Rains withdrew from Missouri, as Captain Beltzhoover informs me he was not even threatened after the fight that was so well managed by Colonel Clarkson. Please desire that officer to make a report of that fight, as wish to notice it in orders. I beg also that you will make me a full report of matters and things around you, in order that I may satisfy the people in Richmond. I wrote to you that they had ordered me to send seven Texas regiments to Richmond. I telegraphed the impropriety of such a move, and the order has been suspended until they can get from me a full written report. I shall keep Captain Beltzhoover here until the arrival of the arms and will send him in charge of them. Fagan has been made a brigadier and must be put in command of an Arkansas brigade, as I am ordered to brigade the troops by States. I will order him to report to you. Steele and Hawes and Scurry have also been appointed. I shall wan tone of them to command in front of Helena. You can have the other two if you want them. They are all cavalry officers, and have not yet arrived. I send your letters from Curtis and Sherman.+ Nothing new, except that Bragg is retreating. I am a better judge of men than you.

I am, general, yours, very truly,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., October 26, 1862. (Received November 14.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: On my arrival here I found a strong feeling of discontent toward the Government, consequent on the withdrawal of the all the troops to the east of the Mississippi and the absolute abandonment of the State; and though it was materially softened by the energy and

---------------

* See Myers to Smith, November 20, p. 924.

+ Not found.

---------------

