
and three pieces of artillery. It is reported that Richardson is mortally wounded, and his regiment is killed, wounded, captured, or dispersed. Six companies Thirty-seventh Illinois, 150 men of First Missouri Cavalry, and two pieces of artillery, under Lieutenant-Colonel Barnes, are between Cassville and Neosho; three companies Tenth Illinois Cavalry gone to join Colonel Barnes for the purpose of attacking Coffee. Major Tompkins had a skirmish near Waynesville yesterday, and asked for re-enforcements. One company went from Rolla. I sent telegraph dispatch to-day to General Totten.

W. SCOTT KETCHUM,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel J. C. KELTON.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., June 17, 1862.

LIEUTENANT-COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose for your consideration the report of Colonel J. M. Richardson of the affair at Neosho on the [31st] ultimo, and also the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Mills, who by my order had made an examination with a view to reporting on the causes of Richardson's defeat. From their reports and from other sources I learn that the location of the camp was so that the foe approached it unseen from two directions. A want of proper precaution against surprise and foolhardiness in not taking a defensive position when it was known by the commander that a force of about 600 men was near him, the want of discipline, and doubt of the men in their arms were the causes of Colonel Richardson's defeat.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

No. 3. Report of Colonel John M. Richardson, Fourteenth Regiment Missouri Militia.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 11, 1862.

SIR: My last dispatch to you was from Neosho of date May 30. I moved my command from Mount Vernon into that country with the confident expectation of meeting a force from Cassville. The force was not there as anticipated, and though my command was not strong, I determined to await its arrival.

On the morning of May 31 my troops were attacked by a force of 500 rebels, composed of white men and Indians. My estimate of their strength was 500, though report says they claimed to have had 600 men. The first notice we had of the presence of an enemy was the

