
force was immediately increased to two full regiments; the Creek force to two regimens and two companies; the Seminole force was doubled; the Chickasaws reorganized five companies and a sixth is being made up. The Indians looked to me alone, and for me to vindicate myself was to vindicate the Government. We lost half the Cherokees solely because their moneys and supplies were intercepted. If they had been clothed and their pockets filled with Confederate money they would have been loyal yet. If I had been let alone they would have been paid and clothed. I amy have erred in my views as to the defense of the Indian country. If I did the President persisted in adhering to the same error. I never asked for anything which I did not get if it could be furnished-regiments, ammunition, supplies, artillery, siege guns even-all were furnished and anxious inquiries made as to their safe arrival, because the President knew and approved my plans for the defense of he country, and condemned the actions of Generals Van Dorn and Hindman in seizing my troops, ammunition, artillery, and supplies. I do not believe I erred, and I am sure that it will not be long before General Holmes will admit that white troops are necessary in the Indian country. That, however, does not interest me now. I am here with nothing, and must do with that what I can. I do, however, anxiously wish General Holmes to be convinced that I have never dreamed of making a factious opposition to his wishes or his orders. I never sought a controversy with any one. I have desired only to do my duty and carry out the wishes of the president. I am anxious to know what is right and to so do. It is true I am opposed to taking the Indians out of their own country to fight our battles. I think it cruel, unjust, ungenerous, and mean. We never told them when we made the treaties that they would be invited to that entertainment. I was opposed also to using the few troops in the Indian country to invade Missouri. I believed that such an invasion by such troops would only result in disaster. I have always been certain that the enemy would invade the Indian country and Northern Texas with a large force from Missouri and Kansas, combining with this invasion one from New Mexico. I believe that invasion is now making. I had no force to meet it far from Red River or without field works. In all this I may have been mistaken. That is quite possible. If the invasion comes and the Indian country is overrun I am not responsible. General Holmes very much mistakes me if he supposes, as I think he had been induced to suppose, that I am a person given to insubordination, perverseness, or pride of opinion. I would fain avoid strife and controversy if I could, and I shall certainly obey with promptness and in good faith all lawful orders from any superior officer. At the same time I do not think that Major-General Holmes would respect me any the more if I obeyed unlawful orders, or if, being unjustly assailed, I did not defend myself with every energy I possess, or if I did not earnestly protest against any invasion of the Constitution or the laws. I have always heard General Holmes spoken of as a very just and upright man. He has not judged me fairly, for he told me he could not do it. I only seek to convince him that I am not actuated by any factious or ungenerous spirit. If he thinks so I can be of little service.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Dept. of Indian Territory.

