
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 27, 1862.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the pleasure of informing you that under a recent act of Congress establishing the grade of lieutenant-general the President has conferred that rank on your, and that henceforth you are authorized to assume the rank and title of your new position.

I inclose copies of letters* from Colonel Jumper and Mr. Murrow, and commend their suggestions to your consideration. The Indians, not being embraced by the conscript act, may be re-enlisted for twelve months, and, if necessary, for local service in their own country. If we can keep them at peace with each other and get them to undertake the defense of their own territory we shall be satisfied, and do not wish to involve them further in military operations.

Colonel D. H. Cooper has been made a brigadier-general and assigned to duty as Superintendent of Indian Affairs, by virtue of an act of Congress permitting such assignment. You will notify him of his promotion and assignment to duty if he has not already been informed of them, and desire him to enter at once upon the duties of his office. I regret to say, however, that since his promotion and assignment to duty as Indian Superintendent charges of a very serious nature have been made against him. You will see by a copy of a letter from Captain T. J. Mackey, of the Provisional Engineer Corps, herewith inclosed,* that he is charged with habitual intoxication and notorious drunkenness. At my request the charge was reduced to writing, for the purpose of affording an opportunity of inquiry. You will accordingly assemble a court under General Orders, Numbers 38, and cause inquiry and report to be made accordingly.

General Pike's resignation having been accepted, you will be left without a commanding officer in the Indian Territory if the charges against General Cooper be well founded. Should you have no general in your department peculiarly fitted for this command, and know of some officer in the east, he will be ordered to report to you for duty unless his services here are of overruling importance. I fear that owing to dissensions among the generals and to unfortunate seizures of money and supplies destined for the Indians, their affairs are in an unsatisfactory condition. It is impossible of course at this distance to advise you with regard to them. It seems to us, however, that nothing more should be attempted than to keep them quiet; and for this purpose that the principal objects should be to maintain their military organization, to furnish their regular supplies, and to keep a small white force in their country. Your acquaintance with Indian character and your long service among them will, however, enable you to adopt measures for the preservation of the Indian Territory, and the Department does not wish to hamper you with instructions.

General Bragg is here. His retreat from Kentucky was made without loss, and he brought away an immense amount of material. Conference with him had confirmed the opinion recently expressed to you.

Co-operation between General Pemberton and yourself is indispensable to the preservation of our connection with your department. We regard this as an object of the first importance, and when necessary you can cross the Mississippi with such part of your forces as you may

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

