
select, and by virtue of your rank direct the combined operations on the eastern bank.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., Numbers 33. Little Rock, Ark., October 28, 1862.

The major-general commanding takes great pleasure in publishing to the troops in the department the gallant conduct of Captains Alf. Johnson and Corley and the brave men under their command, who [on the 25th instant], with part of Captain Rutherford's company, in all numbering 167 men, surprised and completely routed, within 6 miles of Helena, a foraging party of the enemy 236 men strong, capturing 77 prisoners, 16 wagons, 80 mules, and 30 horses, killing 20 and wounding several of the enemy, and also destroying a number of his wagons, with a loss to our side of only 2 wounded and 1 missing. Let the energy and enterprise of Captains Johnson and Corley be more frequently emulated.

By command of Major-General Holmes:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 1, 1862.

General T. C. HINDMAN, Commanding First Corps:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your affairs seem to have gone terribly wrong, your juniors taking to drink at the time they were most wanted. I cannot think the enemy will attack Fort Smith until they have beaten you, but I have directed the troops at Austin to be ready to move it they are necessary to you. I must leave the lower Arkansas very weak, though I do not think the enemy will attempt to advance from Helena unless they are re-enforced. Magruder has been ordered to Texas and Frost and Hebert here. I will send you Fagan in a few days. I will probably send you 2,500 more arms in two days, as I am told that number is near here. It may be I will send 3,000 to complete the arming of your unarmed men. Allen has a fine regiment, well drilled, which must be armed. Order the couriers to be placed as is best to communicate between you and myself, and give such orders as may be necessary for the subsistence of your command. I will come up as soon as it is certain that you will want the forces at Austin.

I am, general, yours, very truly,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK.,

Via Monroe and Montgomery, Ala., November 2, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

Cannot you send me the skeleton Arkansas regiments east of the Mississippi?

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Davis to Randolph, November 12, p. 914.

---------------

