HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., November 3, 1862.

General S. COOPER, C. S. A.,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

GENERAL: The enemy have assembled in large force in Northwest Arkansas, where Generals Rains and Cooper were in command. From all I can learn both were drunk and fell back without resistance. General Hindman, whom I sent there, has arrested Rains, and will arrest Cooper when he can find him. It is terrible to be obliged to trust such men, and yet I had no alternative. Generals Hawes and Fagan are the only general officers that have reported to me. Generals Steele and Frost have reported by letter, but will not be here for some weeks. My list of unarmed men in such greater than I had supposed. Ten thousand muskets, in addition to the last 3,000 went by Captain Carrington, would not put a weapon in the hand of every man. The Secretary of War's letter giving me charge of the conscripts just received, and I will enter at once on the duties, though there is no hope of furnishing them to fill the broken-up regimens east of the Mississippi. There are three-officers-two colonels and captain-now here for conscripts. they represent their regiments as 80, 100, and 200 strong respectively. As these regiments have full equipments of arms, &amp;c., would it not be well to order the skeletons here to be filled up? A secret organization to resist the conscript act in Northern Texas has resulted in the citizens organizing a jury of investigation, and I am informed they have tried and executed 40 of those convicted, and thus this summary procedure has probably crushed the incipient rebellion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, BOWEN'S DIV., ARMY OF THE WEST,Camp and Lumpkin's Mill., Miss., November 4, 1862.

At a meeting of the officers of the First Missouri Brigade, held this evening, at the headquarters of Brigadier General M. E. Green, commanding said brigade, to take into consideration the outrages committed by Federal troops in Northeast Missouri, and particularly by General McNeil, in which meeting every regiment in the brigade was fully represented and the attendance large and enthusiastic, the following proceedings were had:

Upon motion, Brigadier General M. E. Green was called to the chair and Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Bevier, Fifth Missouri Infantry, was made secretary. The president explained the object of the meeting, after which, upon motion, the following committee, to draught resolutions expressive of the sense of the meeting, was appointed: Colonel Gates, First Missouri Cavalry; Lieutenant Burress, Third Missouri Cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Riley, First Missouri Infantry; Captain Flournoy, Second Missouri Infantry; Captain Patton, Third Missouri Infantry; Captain Clark, Fourth Missouri Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Bevier, Fifth Missouri Infantry, and Dr. Wyatt, Sixth Missouri Infantry. The committee retired, when the meeting was addressed by several eloquent speakers, after which the committee returned and requested that the meeting would, in consideration of the gravity of the subject, adjourn until the evening of the 6th instant, so as to allow the committee time for deliberation. Upon motion the meeting accordingly adjourned.

