
own sake, its great future, its boundless resources, and its magnificent dimensions, to extend to Missouri the powerful aegis of its protection to bring its Partisan Rangers, its citizens, its thousands of true Southern men and women under the effects of the retaliatory measures of the Confederacy, as has been done in other States, so that our citizens soldierly shall to be brutally murdered on its own soil and by their own firesides with impunity, and we will be satisfied to follow the Stars and Bars of the South until the last battle of this revolution is fought.

Resolved, That in the opinion of this meeting prompt and full retaliation is the only means that will effectually arrest the outrages so often committed by our enemy upon our soldiers and citizens, and any appeal made to his sense of justice or right would be wholly unavailing.

Resolved, That should the President adopt measures of retaliation on the army now in Missouri or elsewhere during the war, we pledge ourselves to carry out such measures to the fullest extent should it ever fall in the line of our official duty.

Resolved, That a copy of these proceedings be properly authenticated by the officers of this meeting and forwarded to the President of these Confederate States, asking his serious attention to the subject-matter herein presented.

Upon motion the meeting adjourned.

[M. E. GREEN,] President.

R. S. BEVIER, Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 258. Richmond, Va., November 4, 1862.

* * * *

V. Major General J. P. McCown will report for duty to Lieutenant General The. H. Holmes, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, at Little Rock, Ark.

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Little Rock, Ark., November 5, 1862.

[General T. C. HINDMAN]:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your telegram* stating your trouble in regard to commanders induces me to caution you against feeling weak when any of your preconceived ideas of the importance of individuals are thwarted by the actions of higher authority. Believe me, their is not half as much difference between men as you think, particularly when they have a strong head and will like yours to guide and control them. In the case in point you have Marmaduke secure, with the date of his appointment, which is senior to all the new appointments. Shoup must yield, otherwise you will inspire disgust and contention. If I have been correctly informed, several other general officers will soon report, and hence the greater importance that we begin on a basis of seniority, reserving to ourselves the right of disposing of individuals to the best interest of the service without detriment to their rank. Pike's resignation

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

