
contribute to the security of the country below, both in and out of Arkansas.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 13, 1862.

Inclose a copy of this letter to General Holmes, and inform the President that it has been done, and that he has been directed to consider it as a part of his instructions.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., November 13, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., in the Field:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to call your attention to the great number of resignations being sent in from your command, and to request you will scrutinize closely all such papers as may come before you, and not recommend such to be accepted unless perfectly satisfied in your own mind that they are based on certain and sure benefit to the service on purely military grounds. With regard to the resignation of the higher officers, he wishes you to look to it particularly that they do not offer their resignations from some personal motive, fancied injury, dissatisfaction, pique, or some other like cause that might be harmonized, for it is better such differences should be harmonized than the parties turned loose, leaving a party behind them without the different being healed, and consequently the object sought to be gained not accomplished.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 38. Little Rock, Ark., November 13, 1862.

I. The Legislature of Arkansas being in session, it is no longer necessary for the military authority to take action in any matter having regard only to the well-being of the people. Paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers 21, and paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 43, current series, are therefore revoked.

II. Major W. L. Cabell, quartermaster, C. S. Army, having reported to these headquarters as inspecting officer of the quartermaster's department, in obedience to instructions from the Department of War, is hereby announced as such, and will immediately enter upon his duties, commencing his inspections at Fort Smith. He will make a thorough examination into everything relating to the department, examine the property and money accounts of all officers doing duty therein, and audit all outstanding and unpaid debts that may be presented to him or come under his observation, and give such orders as he may find necessary for the better administration of the department, according to the regulations of the army governing the same.

By command of Major-General Holmes:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

