
Huntsville. A spy sent into the enemy's camp reports the same thing.

Major Haynes is again instructed to establish a reliable line of couriers to your camps. It is desired to hear from you daily.

Respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 15, 1862.

General HINDMAN:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The plot in the East is thickening so rapidly that I almost hold my breath in apprehension. Van Dorn and Price have fallen back from Holly Springs, and have taken a position behind a small stream 14 miles south. Whether pemberton will fight I cannot tell. McClellan made a strong demonstration on Lee, as it is feared, to cover his real attack on Richmond from the direction of Petersburg, he having assembled a large army at Suffolk. Bragg, we hope, is marching toward Nashville, but when the President wrote it was not known. He has since gone to Richmond. Please write to me whether you think it possible this winter to hold the Indian country and Northwestern Arkansas and concentrate sufficient force to take Helena, the object being to hold and fortify it for the purpose of securing the navigation of the Mississippi. I have written to the Secretary that I shall be satisfied if I can hold Arkansas and the Indian country. The invasion of Missouri is interdicted, so make your arrangements to give up that darling project. Please send me a return of your troops according to States; the information is called for. The President desires regiments and brigades to be by States, but not divisions; also general officers to command their State brigades. The generals expected are Hebert, Steele, and Scurry. Do you want either of them? My present intention is to send Hebert to defend the rivers, taking command of Garland's [unattached] brigade. I have made every inquiry possible, and do not believe we are in any danger of an invasion from Helena. Appearances indicate that Vicksburg is the great aim, with a hope that Schofield will crush you. The President speaks very highly of a report from General Shoup relative to casting cannon, &amp;c., As he is termed "general" by him, I think he may be recognized as such by us; at all events you may try it. There has been no recognition by Europe.

I am, general, very respectfully,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

CAMP, SIX MILES FROM FORT SMITH, ARK.,

November 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General COOPER:

GENERAL: General Hindman desires me to say that your report of the Newtonia affair is received and has been forwarded to department headquarters, General Holmes having signified his desire to note the affair; an honor well deserved by the courage shown by our troops.

By command of Major-General Hindman:

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

