
the people impanneled a jury, tried great numbers of the persons implicated, and executed 46. Two witnesses swore that they expected General Pike to lead them when the time came to strike. Many of the troops belonging to Randolph's battalion, which had been raised by order of General Pike, were implicated. In the mean time General Pike passed over into the Indian country and assumed command without authority from anybody. General Hindman, being near Fort Smith, in command, has ordered him to be brought here, and has sent a guard to have the order execute. I cannot tell whether he is or is not guilty. A captain (quartermaster) just returned from Grayson City informed me that he is openly spoken of there as being implicated. If he is innocent, there is nothing left for him but to suffer the penalty of his indiscretion. The inclosed letter from Mr. Scott, the Indian Commissioner, will show you the condition of the Reserve Indians. The quartermaster before referred to told me that Leeper was not killed, but had escaped. From all I can learn it was a matter purely of hatred to him, and confined entirely to the Indians on the reserve.

Of the 25,000 arms sent to this department you will see by the accompanying return that 10,428 stand have been received. I still have at least 5,000 men without arms of any kind. There are in this army about 6,000 Missouri recruits. They are in the service in all sorts of ways, having been raised, some under the Missouri authorities, some under the Confederate authorities, and some under no authority at all, except that of the officers raising them. I have had them all organized into regiments and regularly mustered into the service for three years or the war. The entire recruiting service I have placed under Colonel W. P. Johnson, who was sent here for that purpose by General Price, acting under your authority.

Colonel Robert Johnson, senator-elect of this State, had kindly offered his services to go to Richmond. He will explain to you or financial troubles. All the funds heretofore sent to me have been exhausted in paying debts contracted since june and in paying the troops up to August 31, leaving unpaid an immense amount contracted before June 1 floating over the country in the shape of receipts for purchases made. I have ordered Major Cabell to collect and audit them as far as possible, and to examine and report critically upon all matters connected with the quartermaster's department.

The only general officers that have reported to me are Brigadier-Generals Frost, Hawes, and Fagan. Generals Hebert, Steele, and Scurry will probably arrive in a week or two. I respectfully recommend that Colonel and Acting Brigadier Marmaduke be appointed a brigadier-general, and that three others be sent to me in place of Generals McBride, Ranis, and Cooper, the first two having resigned.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THE. H. HOLMES,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

FORT ARBUCKLE, IND. TER., November 2, 1862.

Major-General HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

SIR: You have heard of the recent troubles at the Wichita Agency and the murder of Agent Leeper and several other white men at that place. When I reached Fort Washita on the 29th ultimo I found General Pike ready to start to this point with four or five companies of

