
Texan cavalry, for the purpose of looking into the causes of these Indian disturbances and taking the necessary steps to put them down. I of course at once determined to accompany him and give all the assistance in my power to the accomplishment of the end in view. Since my arrival here I have learned the following facts in regard to the matter through Dr. Sturm, a white man, and the Towaconies tribe of Indians, who were at the agency at the time the attack was made upon it. It seems that the Indians upon the reserve were dissatisfied with Colonel Leeper, their agent, and desired his removal. When he left the agency, in the latter part of August or about September 1, a gentleman named Jones was selected by him to act as agent during his absence. Certain of the reserve Indians (those who remained upon the reserve, the greater part of the Indians having run away before the departure of Colonel Leeper) went to Mr. Jones, and requested him to write to Colonel Leeper and inform him that they did not wish him to come back. This information was unfortunately not communicated to him. The Indians who had gone away from the reserve were all or nearly all of the Keechies, Wichitas, Caddoes, Towaconies, and Wacoes. About 9 or 10 o'clock on Thursday night, October 23, these Indians returned, accompanied by a number of Shawnees, who had deserted from Jumper's battalion of Seminoles, some Delawares and Kickapoos, and a few Seminoles and Cherokees; murdered Colonel Leeper and the white men (employes at the agency) referred to; placed the bodies in the agency building, and fired it. From all I can learn I am satisfied there were no white men engaged with the Indians in this bloody business. It is not believed by Dr. Sturm or by the Towaconies that the Indians who had remained upon the reserve took any part in the outbreak. It is thought, however, they were aware of the threatened attack, and refused to let the white men know it. The Towaconies wee not interrupted by these marauders until the following morning. Before being set upon they wee completely surrounded. Having nothing to defend themselves with except bows and arrows, and their assailants being armed with rifles and plentifully supplied with ammunition, they suffered very heavily before they were able to effect their escape. Plicido, their principal chief, a good man, was killed. Out of 390, the number of this tribe settled at the agency, only about 150 have reached Fort Arbuckle. Others may perhaps yet come in. The Towaconies say all the other Reserve Indians joined in the attack on them. they had incurred the hostility of the tribes settled about them no doubt by stealing their horses and other property. The principal ground of the feud, however, is to be found, I suspect, in the fact of the Towaconies having taken the side of the whites in Texas some time ago against the Indians. What has become of this marauding part of the Indians is not known. The Towaconies are under the impression they have gone northward or westward. Since I wrote the Secretary of War at Doaksville, C. N. (the letter was sent through you), I have ascertained that a portion of the choctaws are in an extremely destitute condition. The same is true of a large number of the families of this nation (the Chickasaws). Unless the Government should do something for the unfortunate people and for the Towaconies, who have been driven from their homes at the agency, they will suffer greatly during the coming winter. In fact many of them will freeze and starve. I shall lay the facts fully before the Government when I return to Richmond. It may not be improper for me to remark just here has been in service for more than twelve months, are very poorly clad. In my talk

