
[Inclosure A.]
HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 1ST ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE WEST,Fort Smith, Ark., November 3, 1862.

Captain H. M. WOODSMALL,

Commanding Detachment Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from Major General T. C. Hindman, commanding District of Arkansas, you are ordered to proceed with your detachment to Fort McCulloch, Fort Washita, or wherever else you deem necessary to find Brigadier General Albert Pike, whether in the Indian Territory, Texas, Louisiana, or Arkansas, and when you find him you will take Brigadier General Albert Pike into personal custody and conduct him without delay to the headquarters of Major General T. H. Holmes, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, at Little Rock, Ark.

You will treat Brigadier-General Pike with as much courtesy as the execution of this order will allow; but you will execute this order to the letter, suing all necessary force, even to the extent of taking life if resistance should be made. You will keep these instructions secret from all persons whatever until the moment for executing shall arrive.

J. S. ROANE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Troops in Indian Country.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Camp ut Ramsey's Springs, October 31, 1862-10 p. m.

Colonel D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: The command has moved south of the mountains, and will take position, until supplies can be accumulated at Mulberry Creek, on the Wire road, leading from Clarksville to Fort Smith, unless the enemy shall attempt a movement toward the Arkansas River, in which event General Hindman will move up with his whole force and attack him. He has information that Brigadier-General Pike, without authority from any source, has assumed command in the Indian country. He directs that you respect no orders General Pike may issue or give, and that if he attempts to interfere with you or your command you resist any interference, using the force necessary for the purpose; and that if he should come among your troops you take him in personal custody and send him under a strong guard to these headquarters.

Respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, Numbers --. Camp Buck Creek, C. N., November 3, [1862.]

The commanders of the different regiments and battalions will have the within read to their troops at roll call.

By order of Colonel D. H. Cooper, commanding:

J. W. WELLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

