
BONHAM, TEX., November 22, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Indian country is lost. Some one a responsible for that loss. I am not.

I have predicted this result for months. It is the inevitable consequence of a series of outrages on the part of three major-generals, of which I have complained again and again, until you wearied of my letters and ceased to read them. If you can find time to read them now or hereafter you will know how we have lost the Indians and their country.

My protests, complaints, and remonstrances produced only a vain order, which those who were then my superiors, Generals Holmes and Hindman, never respected sufficiently even to pretend to obey. A foolish and ruinous expedition into Missouri, undertaken by insanity, prosecuted by incapacity and imbecility, and ending in disaster; the seizure of all the moneys sent out to pay the Indian troops and debs due Indians for supplies furnished long ago; the clothing of other troops with the garments procured by me for the Indians in September to replace those procured by me in December and appropriated to other uses in March; the withdrawal of troops and artillery from their country have at last produced the result which I foresaw and struggled against for months.

I now forward charges against General holmes for disobedience of orders and conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman. If they are ignored, as those against General Hindman have been, I retain copies, and in due time the public will know to whom the loss of the Indian country is due.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., November 25, 1862.

(Received December 9, 1862.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: It is my duty to inform you of the state of affairs here in justification of my failure to comply with your telegraphic suggestion that I should send 10,000 men to Vicksburg. I have heretofore informed you that my advance division, 7,000 or 8,000 strong, had been driven from Northwest Arkansas, and it was only rallied at the Boston Mountains, and the enemy forces to return for supplies to Missouri, being unwilling to risk a battle. General Hindman reports to me that the main body (16,000 strong) is near the line in Benton City, Ark. What reserve they have at Springfield is not known, through probably several thousand. General Hindman's infantry force is probably equal to this, and is now near Fort Smith, where it can be subsisted and the demoralized troops reorganized and reassured under officers who will restore their confidence. His best cavalry is thrown forward near the enemy, and I think will give ample protection to the Indian country. You will see that it would be perfectly unsafe to remove any part of that command. At Helena the enemy have a force of 15,000. Last week they made a strong demonstration on my unfinished fortifications at the Post of Arkansas [Arkansas Post], but on trial their transports drew too much water, and the column they sent by land retired after

