
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

JUNE 17, 1862.-Engagement at Saint Charles, Ark.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant John W. Dunnington, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 2.-Captain A. M. Williams, C. S. Engineers.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant John W. Dunnington, C. S. Navy.

C. S. GUNBOAT PONTCHARTRAIN,

Little Rock, Ark., June 21, 1862.

GENERAL: As the senior officer in command of the naval forces, in the absence of Captain Fry, C. S. Navy, I beg leave to submit the following report of the engagement between our forces and th enemy's gunboats at Saint Charles, on the morning of the 17th instant:

I reached Saint Charles on Monday evening, 16th instant, about 6 p. m., with the men I carried with me to work the two rifled 32-pounder cannon, which I had previously placed there in battery. I found our forces there under arms. The smoke of the enemy's gunboats was plainly seen from the fluff, and the pickets who had come in reported two gunboats, one tug, and two transports below, advancing. Owing to the unexpected approach of the enemy, Captain fry had not time to land his guns, but immediately placed his vessel across the river above my battery of rifled guns, and intended to resist their progress. Finding the enemy did not advance, after dark it was determined to sink the gunboat Maurepas, the transports Eliza G. and Mary Patterson, in a line across the river. The sinking of the transports was intrusted to Captain Leary. Captain Fry, with his own crew, sank the Maurepas, remaining on board until the gun-deck was submerged. The blockading of the river was necessarily so hastily done that no ballast or weight could be placed in the transports. About daybreak the last vessel was sunk, and the river blockaded temporarily. Supposing the enemy would make the attack at early daylight, one rifled Parrott gun and ammunition, in command of Midshipman [F. M.] Roby, was moved some 400 yards below the rifled battery and placed in position. The sailors who manned the different batteries were ordered to sleep in a few feet of their guns. Shortly after daylight two rifled Parrott 8 pounder guns, that had been

---------------

*See also June 10-July 17, 1862, Operations on White River, Arkansas, pp. 103-119.

---------------

59 R R-VOL XIII

