
two regiments. I suppose, from your letter, you include the Kansas troops which I drew in from my line of transportation. If so, that is immaterial. It had been reporting en route to me for a long time, but I had delayed it for various necessities.

When I introduced you to Major Stanton, and in his presence told you I neither knew nor approved of the article in the Democrat before reading it published, and Stanton expressed a desire not to do you the slightest injustice, I supposed further conversation satisfied you no injustice had been done you. It seems, however, this newspaper article is your occasion to report to headquarter upon the facts. Very well; I only suggested that you did not give all the facts. Just what you do say in this letter is the substance of all the facts. You say, "My suggestion was to bring General Steele's forces to Cape Girardeau, and thence across the country, to strike the force threatening Pilot Knob and Rolla." So I understood you, and adopted your suggestion, ordering the movement and landing above Cape Girardeau only because it is a quicker route to get below Pilot Knob. Since you have sent your report forward without any indorsement by me, I am relieved from all responsibilities of errors or shortcomings in it, and ask no change for my benefit. I have not considered it necessary to trouble General Halleck with a full statement, or may not hereafter. I note, also, what you say of the blunders which transpired in your absence, under Generals Blunt and Herron. I do not perceive, as you intimate, any necessity of your anticipating their own report of their own affairs, which, in due time, I trust, they will do more fully than they have yet done.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

PINE BLUFF, May 4, 1862.

Major-General VAN DORN,

Of Trans-Mississippi District:

SIR: I write you from this place, where I have been shipping troops from Texas. After having shipped you all the regiments and companies I could find in reach, and directing each shipment to report to you, I now submit that I have just received dispatches from the Governor of Arkansas and my adjutant of the fact that the enemy had reached Grand Glace, on White River, with their advance, and calling on me to take steps for the defense of the State. It is my opinion that I cannot with safety send any more troops out of this river, believing they may fall into the hands of the enemy, and that the valley of the Arkansas and the whole State is in danger of being overrun by the enemy. If his progress can be staid until you can fight the battle of Corinth, we can then expect you here with what aid you can bring, and your own experience and superior knowledge, to drive them out of the State. It is possible to make some resistance, as there are still some resources to be availed of, and, in the absence of further orders from you, I shall proceed to act as I believe you would order, and as I believe is for the public interest. The Texas regiment, said to be on its way here, cannot get to you, and I will employ them with all other means I can control to oppose the enemy until otherwise ordered. What further steps I shall take to raise proper force, and to concentrate means and material for that purpose, I can better determine when I reach Little Rock, to which point I shall repair immediately. I will there report to you,

