
and will continue to do so by all opportunities. In all things I beg you to believe that I will, to the fullest extent, carry out what I am bound, in your absence and isolated as I am, to believe would be your wishes. In taking so great a responsibility, so unexpectedly thrown upon me, I shall rely, my dear general, upon your sympathy and your support, as I am determined to do all in my power to deserve it.

No orders for enrollment under the conscript act have reached here, and, if enrolled, the conscripts cannot now pass to the regiments beyond the Mississippi; neither does that act prevent the President or repeal his power under other acts to call on the people for troops in urgent cases; so, if I shall judge it wise, I may raise more troops, but I will not do so unless I believe I am compelled to do so. The position is new to me and the responsibility great, and I wish you were here, but I will consider maturely and weight well beforehand every step I take. I pray you, then, to give me the aid of any advice and assistance that you can.

I have discovered a small lot of ammunition, which I can control, at Little Rock. The Government has large numbers of mules in the neighborhood, and it is more than probable that means of transportation can be obtained for what troops I can procure. The greatest difficulty is likely to be in the matter of subsistence; but I shall hope it may be obtained. I feel satisfied, as you have been called away from your proper command, that you will approve every effort I can and may make to preserve and protect it from the enemy until you can return to it.

Very respectfully,

J. S. ROANE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Little Rock, Ark., May 31, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE:

GENERAL: I inclose copies of General Orders, Nos. 59 and 60, from Headquarters Western Department, assigning me to the command of this district, and of the order I have this day issued assuming that command.*

I regret the necessity which impels me to decrease your force in the Indian country; but the danger to the very hear of Arkansas is so imminent that additions to my infantry and artillery here are indispensable. You will, therefore, move your entire infantry force of whites, together with one six-gun battery, in charge of Captain W. E. Woodruff, jr., with at least 120 men, to this place, without the least delay. You will send with the infantry, in their wagons, 100 rounds of ammunition, and with the battery 150 rounds, if so much can possibly be transported. You will likewise send sufficient subsistence for the entire journey, reckoning the time to be occupied at thirty days. The officer in command will be instructed that the ammunition is to be transported in the wagons, and not one cartridge used on the journey. You will remain in the Indian country with the balance of your command, so disposed as to prevent the incursions of marauding parties, throwing out your cavalry toward the Kansas border, if practicable, and covering your entire front with it. You will report, by courier, to these headquarters, weekly.

Very respectfully, general,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See pp. 28, 29.

---------------

