
when I have been placed here to hold it, and when, in my judgment, the movement would be useless, and all my plans for defending it be frustrated. I shall be censured, no doubt; but you, I am sure, will appreciate my position and understand the reasons I have given.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Indian Territory.

WASHITA AGENCY,

June 1, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE, Commanding Indian Territory:

SIR: I wrote on the 19th ultimo, by Captain Daniels, in reference to the talk you sent the Indians, and gave you all the information I could gather about the depredations committed upon Texas; also that Ka-kav-a-wite had dispatched a messenger for Qui-ni-her-va and Mow-way to come in as soon as possible. They arrived here a few days since, accompanied by five Kiowa chiefs, who report that everything is quiet in their camps; that their young men have not gone on the war-path anywhere; but that a small party of Yam-pa-ri-co Indians left their camps on the Arkansas River early last winter on a foraging expedition in the neighborhood of San Antonio, Tex., and their depot for stolen animals was on the Pecos River, where a party of Kua-ha-ra-te-sa-co Indians (a band of Comanches) are, and have been for some time, living. [They] return to the same neighborhood for more horses, then to the depot, and so on, until they get a large herd, and have now returned to the Arkansas with a large number of Texas horses. The rumor of the threatening attitude of the Kiowas toward the Reserve proved false. They wish to treat with the South and Reserve Indians, and have exchanged presents with these people; also invited as may of the Reserve chiefs and others who desired to visit their camps. A good many accepted the invitation, and left this morning in company with them. The Ten-ne-mis Indians killed on the San Saba are of that tribe, but belonged tot he Yam-pa-ri-co tribe, where they had intermarried and lived for a number of years.

The above information was given by the Kiowa chiefs. It seems to be the impression of the Reserve Comanches that the Kiowas will be the first tribe settled, in accordance with the treaty made last summer with the Ne-um, of the prairies. Tes-toth-cha, the principal chief, speaks of selecting Elk Creek, about 12 miles from Camp Radziwintski, for their location.

The invitation you sent the wild chiefs to visit you at your headquarters was declined by them, as they did not come in prepared to travel any farther. They regret that they could not go down this time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. BICKEL.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort McCulloch, June 8, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi District:

GENERAL: Your order of May 31* was received by me this evening at 5.30 p. m. I inclose a copy of the order issued from these headquarters on its receipt.

---------------

*See p. 934.

---------------

