
over and down which, under cover of the brush, the enemy approached. Still, although no picket was posted there, the hill was examined on the night of the 30th. The point most in doubt is whether Colonel Richardson assumed command of all his forces upon the commencement of the attack or confined his directions to Company A, formerly commanded by himself. I am inclined to the opinion that he left Company A under charge of Second Lieutenant Wilson, and proceeded to give directions for the information of all the companies. Whether good judgment was displayed in the selection of the camp ground so near the brush-60 yards-instead of placing it farther to the eastward and out of gun-shot distance, cannot fairly be determined without an inspection of the ground. One thing deserves reprehension, namely, that so many of the officers should have been ordered or permitted to be away from their companies. On this point, however, the colonel commanding had the right to exercise his own judgment and discretion in regard to the matter, and should be held accountable only in case the lack of prudence on his part was extreme.

Upon a consideration of the whole case I am not of opinion that the interests of the service require that charges should be preferred against Colonel Richardson. Further investigation, however, is required to show why, upon the fall of Colonel Richardson, the next ranking officer did not assume command; why certain officers were absent from camp at the time of the attack, and why no effort, as it now appears, was made by the officers to rally their men after they first broke. A further report in respect to these points will be submitted as soon as possible. The facts elicited, however, do show that the regiment is deficient in both drill and discipline, and have little confidence in the arms with which they are supplied.

I attach hereto the report of Colonel Richardson of the attack and his report of losses.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES K. MILLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Southwestern Division of Missouri.

No. 5. Reports of Colonel Stand Watie, Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles.*
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CHEROKEE REGIMENT,Camp near Elk Mills, Mo., June 1, 1862.

COLONEL: On the evening of the 29th ultimo I learned from Captain Livingston, who had been sent at the head of 24 men to scout in the neighborhood of Granby, that at noon that day a body of the enemy's cavalry, thought to be 200 strong, had arrived there, and that he had fired upon their advance guard and retreated toward Neosho. I also learned from Captain Livingston that this detachment of the enemy's cavalry would be joined by another of about the same number.

On the morning of the 30th I sent 200 men, taken from five companies,

---------------

*Stand Watie's regiment borne on Register, etc., A, and I. G. O., as the Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles.

---------------

