
If the President thinks it best to incorporate the Indian country in a larger department, and vest no discretion in the immediate commander, I have not a word to urge by way of objection; but such as not the understanding when I undertook th task, and I feel at liberty to ask that I may be allowed to resign, and let some one take my place in whom the authorities at Richmond may have ore confidence, and who will be permitted to retain a small share of his own troops, of what he procures by his own exertions, and busy with money for which he has to account or within his own. It will not be very long before this country is invaded. The North has troops enough and to spare, and Stand Waite has troubled them too much for them not to wish to finish him. they consider the right of the Indians to their lands to be forfeited, as it is, by their entering into treaties with us, and taking up arms for us. They mean to confiscate those lands, and divide them out as bounty lands to their soldiers, and when they are ready to do it they will invade the country. It will be too late then to call for artillery and ammunition. If I cannot erect works here, I cannot make a stand here, but must retreat across Red River as they approach, and let them enter Texas. The men think the service here inactive, and, to work, a hardship, and whenever one regiment or company is ordered away, it leaves all the others discontented.

I should be willing to be sacrificed if the sacrifice of the victim could benefit the country. If I am driven across Red River, I shall never be able to explain that I had nothing left to resist with. I was almost ready to despair before, and now I am quite so, since, after all, I am as far from being in a condition to make any effectual resistance as I was at first.

I have written thus at length and in detail not only because it is important to me and the service here, but also because it is important to you, general, to be fully and distinctly made acquainted with these facts. I am, sure, if you had known them, you would have hesitated before taking from me my only full company of artillery, and so large a proportion of my ammunition. I can get no more, and you can. I care little about parting with the infantry, but I am profoundly disturbed at parting with the artillery. I valued it as the apple of my eye. It was mine; gathered by my exertions; prepared by my labors; provided for by my care, and worth a thousand men to me and to the Government among the Indians.

I also inclose a letter to the Secretary of War, with a copy of this letter, which I beg you to forward by some safe mode of transmission. It is not inconsistent with due respect for my superior officer for me to tell you, frankly and fairly, that I do not consider myself justly or properly treated by being placed under any other officer, and that I mean, if I can, to have the Indian country restored to be what it was at first-a separate department. I have never received from Richmond any hint of dissatisfaction with the state of affairs here, or, indeed, any instructions or orders whatever specially directed to myself on those affairs. I beg you to believe that it is not because I am unwilling to serve under or be commanded by you, general, in particular. You would do me great injustice to suppose so. Your merit your advancement, and I heartily congratulate you upon it. No one is more rejoiced at it or more free from envy than I am. I want no promotion, as I wanted no appointment. I only want to save to the Confederacy this fine Indian country. I could have done it if I had been let alone. I believe I can do it yet. I am willing to stay here and try; and, I think, if any one can do it, I can. to do so, I must be free, and have the means to carry

