
The brigadier-general directs me to say that the only force of white men now in the camp or in the Indian country is from Arkansas-one company of cavalry and one company of artillery, with about 40 men for duty; and from Texas two companies of cavalry. On the 25th of the month, when the wheat harvest will have been reaped, there will be, in addition, two regiments and one company of cavalry, and one company of artillery, about 80 strong. Field-works have been commenced at this post, because they are indispensable to the holding of any position in this open country. If completed, 5,000 men could hold the place against 15,000; but they are only commenced, and, for want of troops to work upon them, are now suspended.

The general commanding directs me to inform you that General Sturgis has been removed from the command of the Federal troops in Kansas, on account of his tardiness in not invading the Indian country and reducing it to obedience, and General Blunt appointment to command there for that purpose. As this was done long enough ago for the information to reach here, it is fair to presume that the movement must very soon be made.

The two Cherokee regiments are near the Kansas line, operating on that frontier. Colonel Stand Watie has recently had a skirmish there, in which, as always, he and his men fought gallantly, and were successful. Colonel D. N. McIntosh's Creek Regiment is under orders to advance up the Verdigris, toward the Santa Fe road. Lieutenant Colonel Chilly McIntosh's Creek Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel John Jumper's Seminole Battalion, and Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Harris' Chickasaw Battalion are under orders, and part of them now in motion toward the Salt Plains, to take Fort Larned, the post at Walnut Creek, and perhaps Fort Wise, and intercept trains going to New Mexico. The First Choctaw (new) Regiment, of Colonel Sampson Folsom, and the Choctaw Battalion (three companies), of Major Simpson [N.] Folsom, are at Middle Boggy, 23 miles northeast of this point. They were under orders to march northward to the Salt Plains and Santa Fe road; but the withdrawal of Colonel Dawson's regiment prevents that, and the regiment is now ordered to take position here, and the battalion to march to and take position at Camp McIntosh, 17 miles this side of Fort Cobb, where, with Hart's Spies, 40 in number, it will send out parties to the Wichita Mountains and up the False Wichita, and prevent, if possible, depredations on the frontier of Texas.

The First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, of Colonel Douglas H. Cooper, goes out of service on the 25th and 26th of July. It is now encamped 11 miles east of here. Of the Texas troops, nearly or quite one-third, being over thirty-five years of age, will be entitled to be discharged unconditionally on the 16th of July, and all of them will demand to be so. The country to the westward is quiet, all the Comanches this side of the Staked Plains being friendly, and the Kiowas having made peace, and selected a home to live at on Elk Creek, not far from the site of Camp Radziwintski, south of the Wichita Mountains.

The Indian troops have been instructed, if the enemy invades the country, to harass him, and impede his progress by every possible means, and, falling back here as he advances, to assist in holding this position against him.

The general commanding directs me to say that the withdrawal of artillery and infantry from this post will be known all over the Indian country within ten days; will be interpreted to mean abandonment of the country, and may be expected to have z very injurious effect. As the conscription act forbids the raising of any new bodies of troops, and as recruits for the two Texas regiments in the Indian country are not

