
likely to be speedily obtained, the brigadier-general commanding does not expect any considerable addition to his forces from that quarter.

What will be the probable result, if the country is invaded by a force of 15,000 or 20,000 men, under the circumstances, it is not difficult to foresee.

By order of Brigadier General Albert Pike, commanding department:

O. F. RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CENTRE POINT, June 20, 1862.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN:

SIR: On the 8th instant, at Fort McCulloch, in the Choctaw Nation, Indian Territory, I received an order from General Pike, directing me to march from that place to your command, at Little Rock. I commenced the march on Thursday, the 12th. Some several weeks previous to receiving marching orders, about one-half of my command were furloughed home to take care of the wheat, having at the time no thought of leaving there. The furloughed men were allowed to take transportation, a wagon to each company. these had not returned when I got orders to march; consequently my means of transportation were cut off one-half. I found it impossible to get wagons from General Pike, as he didn't have them to furnish; therefore, I could only start a part of the camp equipage, leaving the remainder until I could send up the furloughed wagons. This was the very best arrangement I could possibly make, but I fear it will be out of my power to reach you within the thirty days given me by General Pike. I will do so, through, if it is in the power of man to accomplish it. I regret to inform you that my regiment is not in a very healthy, flourishing condition. It will have marched, when we arrive at Little Rock, about 900 miles. We have had a great deal of sickness, a great many deaths, and the men, many of them, enfeebled and dispirited. In addition to this, we have drawn neither money nor clothing to any advantageous extent. General Pike paid a few of them their commutation money, perhaps one-half, but they are generally without clothing and the means too purchase it. We are exceedingly anxious, sir, to join you in the defense of our own beloved State as soon as it is possible to do so, but I hope that the circumstances above detailed will induce you to give us ten days longer to make the trip in. I should have informed you that our march is through the principal counties out of which the regiment was formed. If the men, therefore, are allowed a few days' rest, many of them can procure clothing, and all will be better prepared for the duties of an active campaign.

We are somewhat deficient in arms; lack, perhaps, a hundred or more guns. General Pike gave me money in February last to purchase guns. All that I paid for he required me to leave with him, which I did. I had bought at the same time a good many be receipts or certificates, which I have with me yet, unpaid for. I suppose, to bring these on, they will be paid for in your department. We have, besides, something over three hundred muskets, which were given us by General Pike at the Elkhorn fight.

My regiment is not well drilled, from the fact that our opportunities have been exceedingly limited for drilling. When we were not on the march, we were prevented by sickness and fort duties, throwing up intrenchments, &amp;c. The men, however, have some experience and good ideal of drill, and can, in two or three weeks' attention to drilling,

60 R R-VOL XIII

