
be made quite efficient. They are all willing, which is "half the battle." A more zealous and honorable set of men is not in the service; and, sir, when you march them into action, they will, as all Arkansas regiments have done, reflect honor upon our State.

Being so far from the War Department, and having very poor mail facilities, we knew nothing definite of the provisions of the conscript act until after the forty days (or nearly so) had expired in which regiments were to reorganize; consequently my regiment has not been reorganized. General Pike sent to the Secretary of War for instructions, but had not received them up to the time I left. I learn that the Secretary of War has decided in a similar case that there could not be a reorganization. The men are satisfied with it as it is; but we cheerfully submit to your pleasure on the subject; whatever you wish will be promptly complied with. There are a great many men in this and adjoining counties having extensive acquaintance in my regiment who are anxious to join it. They have been volunteering, and the captains at home on furloughs have received them. This, I hope, sir, will meet your approbation. Under the conscript act, I will lose a good many good men. their places, mainly can, be supplied in a very few days, if I knew you would sanction it. I have only been in the State two or three days; have not seen your orders, and am at a loss to know how to act. There is a company at Washington, I am informed, anxious to join my command. I now have thirteen companies. Will you allow me to receive the one from Washington? I am requested to inquire of you whether the men over and under age will have to go to Little Rock to be discharged, or whether I can have the power to discharge them here. Am I at liberty to purchase transportation, guns, &amp;c.? We left Fort McCulloch without means to purchase forage; I am receipting for it as I get it.

You will please have the kindness to answer this communication as early as practicable. Make known to me your wishes with reference to the different matters it contains, and whatever you direct shall be performed.

I am several days in advance of the regiment, a part of which has arrived. It will be at least ten days before all can possibly reach this place, owing, as before remarked, to a deficiency in transportation. I send this by express. Mr. John Dixon bears it, with orders to return as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, dear sir, your obedient servant,

C. L. DAWSON,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Regiment Arkansas Vols., C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Little Rock, Ark., June 23, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I informed you in a previous letter that I had appointed Major Pearce to buy supplies for your command. In the order appointing him, all other officers were prohibited from purchasing in that region after its date. That was intended to stop the operations of the commissaries of wandering companies in the Cherokee Nation, who are destroying the credit of the Confederacy by the floods of certificates they issue. It was not intended to restrict officers acting under your orders.

Respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

