
Texas stops, and with it our supply of provisions. The white troops here consist of the two Texas regiments of Colonels Taylor and Alexander, each of which will have about 600 men for duty; three Texas and one Arkansas mounted companies, with, in all about 280 men for duty, and one Arkansas and one Texas company of artillery, having, together, less than 100 men for duty.

The twelve Parrott guns, being entirely without men and horses, must be left behind. If I could take them, there is no powder for them. The First Choctaw Regiment is already on the march to the Cherokee country. Two companies of the Choctaw and Chickasaw regiment, leaving Scullyville, are already in the Cherokee country. The remaining eight companies of the latter regiment are encamped near here, and the term of service of two of these expire on the 8th, and of six on the 25th and 26th of July. Of the Chickasaw battalion, two companies are posted near Fort Cobb, and the other four are on the march from that point to this post. Colonel Cooper thinks he can reorganize and take with him four companies of his own regiment, in addition to those that have marched from Scullyville. The Choctaw battalion of three companies cannot move any distance for want of transportation. It will be necessary to leave the Chickasaw troops in their own country. They are in no condition to move out of it, and two-thirds of them would desert before they would do so. I can leave the four Chickasaw companies, and such of the Choctaw troops as cannot move, in charge of this post and Fort Washita.

As to ammunition, after I have furnished Colonel John Drew's command, which I must do immediately, I shall have not more than the following supply: No cannon powder; 640 rounds of prepared ammunition for 6 and 12 pounders; 2,000 pounds of rifle powder; 30,000 musket and shot-gun cartridges; 33,600 hall's carbine cartridges, with only the powder; 35,000 water-proof caps; 14,000 musket caps; 70 pounds of lead, and-pounds of buckshot. These amounts are less than was shown by my former statement, because I have been issuing to the Indian troops. Captain Ogden endeavored to send me a little cannon powder from Fort Smith, but Colonel Carroll has forbidden it. There being no enemy now in the Indian country, I presume that my operations, as to which I am taught to expect instructions, are to be carried on in the country north of the Arkansas, and, perhaps, beyond the limits of the Indian country. For the latter purpose the Indians cannot be used to any extent, if at all, as by their treaties they cannot be taken beyond the limits of their own country without their consent, and, if they could, or if they would, consent, it would be both ungenerous and unwise to take them out of it. There are many reasons for saying so, but one is enough-that they cannot be restrained from scalping the dead, if not the living.

When I came here there was but one regiment of white troops in the country, and no artillery. Forage was exhausted in all the Indian country, except near Red River, and flour had to be procured from Texas. Here, with the two regiments that were being raised for me in Arkansas, armed with Enfield rifles, promised me by the Secretary of War, in addition to Colonel Dawson's regiment, with the artillery I had procured and with the troops I expected to procure from Texas, I hoped to organize an army sufficient to hold the Indian country; and I had at Fort Smith and elsewhere on the way a better outfit for an army of the size I wanted than any other portion of the Confederate forces possessed. I could not get supplies for any number of troops anywhere else, and we had no money at all. How I have been assisted in organizing and supplying

