
with four commissioned officers, under command of Captain R. C. Parks, with orders to go toward Neosho, and find the enemy if they had not gone back, and if found to attack them. Captain Parks was joined by Colonel Coffee, at the head of something more than 200 of his command. They met Captain Livingston, and learned that the enemy, thought to be about 400 strong, all cavalry, were in Neosho.

On the morning of the 31st our troops, who had remained all the preceding [night] in the immediate vicinity of Neosho, attacked the enemy, who were not dreaming of their presence. The troops of my regiment and the greater portion of those with Colonel Coffee dismounted. The enemy were taken completely by surprise. At the first fire of our troops they attempted to form, returned a volley at random, then broke and fled in the utmost confusion, our troops advancing rapidly upon them all the time. Colonel Coffee's cavalry, which had charged simultaneously with our infantry, kept up the pursuit for miles.

The Federal loss is estimated at from 10 to 15 killed. Their loss in wounded was undoubtedly heavy. Many, if not the greater part, of the Federal force escaped on foot, and their dead and wounded were found some distance from Neosho, they having fallen in their flight.

The force of the enemy was 400, and, except 100 troops in the regular Federal service, was composed of Missouri militia, and was commanded by Colonel John M. Richardson.

Fourteen tents, 5 wagons and teams, arms, horses, some commissary stores and ammunition, and, in fact, all the enemy's baggage, fell into the hands of the Confederates.

There was 1 man killed on our side, who belonged to Colonel Coffee's regiment.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

STAND WATIE,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Cherokee Cavalry.

Colonel DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Commanding First Indian Brigade, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CHEROKEE REGIMENT,Camp near Elk Mills, Mo. --- --, 1862.

COLONEL: In your last general order you stated a regiment was en route for this point, and also for me to state what kind of troops, if any, were needed here. I will state the regiment reported to be en route here have not as yet been heard of, and should it arrive soon, we would still be desirous of having a regiment of Texans to assist us in protecting this country.

This regiment I think will reorganize if allowed to visit their families after the expiration of their time. I will make every effort to get all in the field again, but will need some protection during our reorganization.

You will see from the report* of Captain Parks that our boys captured two Federal flags, one being allowed to wave only about a quarter of an hour on the steele of the court-house at Neosho.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

STAND WATIE,

Colonel, Commanding First Cherokee Regiment, C. S. Army.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

