
or destruction of our forces, followed by the disbanding and submission of the Indians, and the entire loss of the country would not be a very extraordinary result. I should not of my own accord, with my present force, make a movement that seems to me so utterly opposed to every sound military principle. I should stay here, complete the works commenced, collect and organize, drill and discipline troops, especially infantry, until I was strong enough not to be easily run across Red River, no matter who gabbled, or however loudly, about "falling back," and "staying in intrenchments."

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Indian Territory.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Park's Hill, Cherokee Nation, June 25, 1862.

Major General THOMAS C. HINDMAN, C. S. Army,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi District:

SIR: Believing it to be my duty to do so, I beg leave very respectfully to present to you the following statement:

The 7th day of last October the Cherokee Nation negotiated a treaty with the Confederate States of America, which was subsequently ratified by the proper authorities of the parties represented, and is now obligatory on both. The third article of that treaty reads thus:

The Confederate States of America having accepted the said protectorate, hereby solemnly promise the said Cherokee Nation never to desert or abandon it, and that under no circumstances will they permit the Northern States, or any other enemy, to overcome them and sever the Cherokees from the Confederacy; but that they will, at any cost and all hazards, protect and defend them, and maintaining unbroken the ties created by identity of interests and institutions, and strengthened and made perpetual by this treaty.

To aid themselves in carrying out this article, and in the great struggle in which the Confederates are engaged with the United States, the Cherokee Nation agreed to furnish, and have now in service, a full regiment of mounted men, but who were not to be required to go beyond the Indian country without their consent. These troops, under command of Colonel Drew, were to be armed by the Confederate States, and placed upon the same footing with other troops in her service. No arms have been furnished, and nothing paid them except a very scant allowance of clothing and, recently, the bounty for clothing to which they were entitled for the first six months' service when mustered in October last. At the battle of Pea Ridge they were called upon to assist the Confederate troops, and did so cheerfully, gallantly accomplishing all that ought to have been expected from them under the circumstances of the case. After that engagement, the Confederate troops fell back, and General Pike's headquarters were established at Fort McCulloch, a few miles from Red River, and more than 200 miles from the northern boundary of this nation, and which was a virtual abandonment of this nation to the defense of the troops furnished by herself and in the regiments of Colonels Drew and Watie. Supposing this retrograde movement to have been a military necessity and designed as merely temporary, it was acquiesced in, with the hope that the weakness and destitution of the country would constitute its strongest defense at that time. Such proved to the case until recently.

