
me all the caps and flints to be spared from your command. I am greatly in need of them. Small force of the enemy in Northwest Arkansas. Colonel Clarkson is placed in command of forces in upper Indian country (by request of Drew and Watie) until your arrival.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. CARROLL,

Colonel, Commandant of District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort McCulloch, June 27, 1862.

COLONEL: I have received yours of the 16th, in regard to your movements.

In accordance with the orders, a copy of which is inclosed, Colonel Cooper will proceed on Sunday next to join your command. You will then have one head.

Colonel Folsom's Choctaw regiment has marched on its way to join you. Two companies of Texas troops will march the day after to-morrow. Major Simpson [N.] Folsom's Choctaw battalion, and, perhaps, some companies of the Choctaw and Chickasaw regiment will follow. I shall, myself, in a few days move toward Frozen Rock, and make it my headquarters. Colonel Taylor's Texas regiment and Colonel Alexander's will do the same, one following and the other proceeding me. One of them will be sent north of the Arkansas. The artillery will follow. I hope to send four pieces to act with you, and shall do it if I can get the men and horses.

It was never expected or desired that the Indian troops should be marched into any State beyond the Indian country. They were raised to defend their own country against invasion; and any white troops sent into their country are sent to aid them in doing that alone. That I think we can do; but even if I had the force, I would not allow the Indian troops to be made use of to further the ends of those leaders of small bands of irregular troops, who, with a marvelous folly only equaled by their boastful confidence, wish to invade Missouri and lay waste Kansas. It is our business to maintain possession and our hold of the Indian country, in order that when peace is made there can be no question that the North must relinquish all claim to it. I will not risk that by uniting in Quixotic expeditions into Missouri, undertaken without probability of success, or, indeed, possibility of any other result than utter and ignominious failure.

You will see the wisdom of acting on the defensive. If the enemy invade the country their difficulties will multiply as they advance; if we invade theirs, we shall be shamefully and utterly defeated. Colonel Cooper will be governed by these views, and in no conceivable case, nor under any conceivable orders, will an Indian force be marched out of their own country, unless it be to disperse a force immediately threatening their frontier. We did not ask the Indians to go into our country to help us hold our own States, but, on the contrary, we agreed to help them hold their own country. Your command shall be paid off directly after I reach Frozen Rock.

I am, very truly, and respectfully, yours,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

