
JUNE 2, 1862.-Affair at Galloway's Farm, near Jacksonport, Ark.

Report of Colonel Albert G. Brackett, Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

CAMP AT GALLOWAY'S FARM,

Independence County, Ark., June 2, 1862.

GENERAL: This morning I left my camp at the junction of White and Black Rivers and fell back about two miles and a half, in anticipation of the arrival of the gunboat which I believed would arrive, though every person almost said she could not come up the White River on account of the low stage of water. I had not been in camp more than half an hour before I received intelligence that the boat was coming up, and a few moments after the commenced shelling my late encampment. I would not allow the artillery, under Lieutenant Twist, to fire into the town of Jacksonport, as I was fearful of killing or wounding some of the women or children. I will remain here until I receive further orders from you.

One citizen reported that the advance guard of Van Dorn's army was within 6 miles of Jacksonport, and that he was moving toward that point with an army of 30,000 men. A very considerable cavalry force came up on land at the same time with the gunboat, and it is now in and about Jacksonport. The boat carries three 68-pounders and two 18-pounders, as near as I can ascertain. She is iron-clad, and the tow rifled 6-pounders which are with me are too small to attack her with. I lost none killed or wounded.

Please let me hear from you soon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT G. BRACKETT,

Colonel Ninth Illinois Cavalry.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest, Batesville, Ark.

JUNE 4-10, 1862.-Scouts to Miami, Cambridge, Frankfort, Waverly, Pink Hill, etc., Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Daniel Huston, jr., Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

No. 2.-Major David McKee, Seventh Missouri Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Daniel Huston, jr., Seventh Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT,Lexington, Mo., June 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Major David McKee, Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, commanding at Marshall, Saline County, left that post on the 5th instant with 80 men and marched to Miami, arresting several of Price's men while on the march. On his arrival at Miami he surrounded the town, and required all the citizens to give up their arms and ammunition, of which he secured a considerable

7 R R-VOL XIII

