
WESTON, August 6, 1863.

Colonel WILKINSON, Commanding:

One of Rowan's men just in from Glenville, where, in company with 9 citizens this morning, he killed 1 rebel and wounded 1. He says reliable men told him there were 300 of Jackson's men at Cedar Creek Mills, 6 miles from Glenville, gathering horses and cattle for Jackson's command, who they say is going to occupy Glenville. I give the report for what it is worth. From the many reports I hear, I think there are rebels near Glenville. I will press horses in a. m. for scout to Glenville, and when I can hear reliably will advise you.

C. J. HARRISON.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 6, 1863.

(Received 12. 15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Scammon is calling loudly for troops. He asks for four regiments. I do not see how I can help, but will do what I can.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 6, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Why is General Scammon calling for troops from you? General Kelley, who commands in that department, asks for no re-enforcements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, MD., August 6, 1863.

(Received 3. 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following telegram is just received from the captain in command at Drummondtown. One company of local cavalry is all the force left on the Eastern Shore, and with that, I can give little protection, nor do anything considerable for prevention of rebel depredations or of contraband trade:

DRUMMONDTOWN, VA., August 6, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

Light-house on smith's Island much damaged by 9 men, purporting to be from Richmond. Light-reflectors, boats, &amp;c., were taken. Damage, $2,000. They threaten Hog Island. Every man that could be spared from the line has been forwarded to reach Hog Island before their landing, and to scout both neighborhoods. Is hall leave guards at both places. the mischief is done by rebels who left these counties, aided by friends here. We have captured 1 on the bay side. He asks if he will be exchanged. Is he not a spy?

W. P. LORD,

Captain.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

