
District of the Albemarle. -On the 14th instant, Colonel Cullen, Ninety-sixth New York, and Captain French, of steamer Whitehead, captured 5 men and a lieutenant, of the Sixty-sixth North Carolina, in Camden County. On the 16th, they secured 38 muskets, 26 cartridge boxes and waist belts, &amp;c. These officers report that large supplies are brought out from Norfolk, and that many women are engaged in this business.

Pamlico District. -I have ordered the North Carolina company of cavalry to Little Washington, in view of the condition of the detachment at that important place. The medical officers report a strong scorbutic tendency among the troops, and also among the contrabands, as the direct result of the scarcity of fresh vegetables, and recommend the removal of the restrictions upon traffic with the inhabitants, to a certain extent. Your instructions on this point are so full and positive that I do not feel at liberty to relax them without communicating on the subject. Fresh vegetables have been ordered from New York.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 30, 1863.

Colonel Hoffman will send an extract to General Naglee, relating to our contract and trade from Norfolk. Write to General Peck that he can make a small work on the opposite side of the river,if he judges it important. Army gunboats must be built to replace the naval ones. If he judges it absolutely necessary for health, a very few markets may be established at the picket lines.

J. G. FOSTER.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES IN NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., August 25, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Not finding any suitable boat here for my use as a dispatch boat, I have acted upon your suggestion, and detained the C. W. Thomas. Deeming the news which she bears important, I have dispatched her with our mails, &c., and desire Lieutenant Stirling, aide-de-camp, to return with the boat.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 26, 1863-2. 35 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

I cannot re-enforce you without withdrawing troops from General Meade. This is perilous, but I will do so if you absolutely require it. A week or two hence I can do it without so great inconvenience.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

