
YORKTOWN, VA., August 26, 1863.

General NAGLEE,

Norfolk, Va.:

Captain Mitchell, of the navy, reports gunboats Currituck [Reliance] and Satellite captured by the rebel coast guard guerrillas, and carried into Urbanna Creek. They were captured by boarding from four boats, 25 men each. Onderdonk was ordered to start at daylight this morning. His defective preparations detain him till noon. Jenkins' cavalry are said to be at White House and Bottom's Bridge. Doubtful.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 18. Clarksburg, August 26, 1863.

I. Brigadier General William F. Smith, commanding at Hagerstown, Md., is, at his own request, relieved from duty at that post and ordered to report by letter to the Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, at Washington City for orders.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command Brigadier-General Kelley:

THAYER MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 27, 1863-9 a. m. (Received 10. 20 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Warrenton, Va.:

Walter, Rainese, Folancy, Lai, and Kuhn appealed to me for mercy, without giving any ground for it whatever. I understand these are very flagrant cases, and that you deem their punishment as being indispensable to the service. If I am not mistaken in this, please let them know at once that their appeal is denied.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 27, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Walter, Rionese, Folancy, Lai, and Kuhn were to have been executed yesterday. Their execution was postponed by my order till Saturday, the 29th, that time might be given to procure the services of a Roman Catholic priest to assist them in preparing for death. They are substitute conscripts who enlisted for the purpose of deserting after receiving the bounty; and being the first of this class whose cases came before me, I believed that humanity, the safety of this army, and the most vital interests of the country required their

