HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy is still in force this side of the river. He has a strong line of pickets from Lamb's Creek Church to the Potomac. There are three regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and four pieces of artillery at King George Court-House.

Forage in large quantities is daily taken across the river at Port Conway. The enemy in in force opposite that point. The boats used by the enemy are boats taken from the river near Port Conway. I had them filled with stones last winter and sunk; there are four. Were these destroyed it would be difficult for them to obtain more. If the major-general commanding thinks it advisable, I should like to move down the river, capture this force on this side, and destroy the boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Third Division.

YORKTOWN, VA., August 27, 1863.

General NAGLEE,

Norfolk, Va.:

A great commotion is in Matthews County. Three companies rebel cavalry have come down there after conscripts, and last night there was a general skedaddle. Six have come in here with canoes, taken oath of allegiance, and want to go to Eastern Shore. May they go direct? Otherwise they must lose their boats.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

NORFOLK,

August 27, 1863-8. 20 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER:

Spear, at 12 m. to-day, says the following is definite and certain: Two regiments cavalry and four regiments of infantry, and twelve pieces of artillery; of the above one regiment of cavalry, one of infantry are at Franklin, and all the balance between Ivory Station and the Blackwater. At the crossing is a boat large enough for a loaded wagon and four horses attached. The ferry is guarded by three pieces and one regiment of infantry. Says he is informed there are a party of surveyors in Isle of Wight now at work. Will advise further of this.

NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS IN CITY AND HARBOR, Numbers 38. New York, August 27, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VII. Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, commanding Second Brigade, will order the six regiments of his command now on Governor's

