
Island to proceed to-morrow morning for temporary duty to Long Island, to be stationed at the following places: One regiment (one of the strongest) at the village of Jamaica; two regiments at Washington Park, city of Brooklyn; one regiment at the corner of Smith and Carroll streets, Brooklyn.

The draft takes place on Monday, the 31st instant, at the following places: First district, village of Jamaica; second district, Numbers 26 Grand street, Williamsburg; third district, Numbers 259 Washington street, Brooklyn.

Two companies will report for duty to the provost-marshal at each of two last-named places, while the balance of the force will be held in readiness at their respective camping grounds for any emergency that may arise.

The regiment destined for Jamaica will be conveyed by steamer from Governor's Island to Hunter's Point, whence they will proceed by railroad, notifying the provost-marshal by telegraph of their time of departure. The other regiments will cross to Brooklyn in ferry-boats and will be escorted to their respective camping grounds by guides furnished by General Duryea, of the Brooklyn militia. Notification will be sent to him at the Brooklyn Arsenal, corner of Cranberry and Henry streets, of the time when the regiments will arrive in Brooklyn. All the regiments will carry their tents with them. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

VIII. First Lieutenant Ira W. Steward, Twenty-eighth Battery New York Volunteer Artillery, detailed to superintend the recruiting service for the battery in this city, by Special Orders, Numbers 23, Paragraph III, current series, from these headquarters, will, in addition to his present duties, until further orders, superintend the recruiting service for the battery at Middletown, N. Y., which place the will visit for that purpose as often as the interests of the service may require, though not oftener than three of four times a month. If Lieutenant Steward recommends any changes among the enlisted men at these recruiting stations, the commanding officer at Fort Schuyler is authorized to issue the necessary orders if he thinks proper.

By order of Brigadier-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 28, 1863-8 a. m. (Received 8. 20 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Kilpatrick reports 3 deserters from McLaws' division. They crossed last evening, and state their division left Raccoon Ford four days ago, and marched to Wall's Tavern, where it is receiving supplies from Frederick's Hall, on the Virginia Central Railroad. Pickett's division is on the telegraph road near Fredericksburg. Hood's is between Hamilton's Crossing and Port Royal.

A brigade of infantry under General Cooke is at Fredericksburg, not assigned. Wall's Tavern is about 10 miles northeast from Frederick's Hall.

