
AUGUST 30, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 10. 40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

In accordance with your telegram, I have directed Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, with his division of cavalry, about 2,000 strong, to proceed to Port Conway, opposite Port Royal, and endeavor to destroy the captured gunboats, if practicable.

To protect his rear and afford him support, Brigadier-General Buford, with a brigade of cavalry and a battery, will hold the crossing at Falmouth, and Major-General Warren, with the Second Corps, about 5,000 infantry, will hold the crossing at Banks' and United States Fords. I have not much expectation of success, however, for it is known the enemy have a division of infantry at Fredericksburg, and a brigade of cavalry; also a division of infantry at Port Royal, with a brigade on this side, at Port Conway.

What I anticipate is, that Kilpatrick will find the gunboats above Port Royal, where they cannot be reached by our naval forces, and in a position where the enemy's artillery, posted on the right bank, will permit his bringing his batteries to bear on their destruction.

The great distance of Port Conway, 25 miles below Falmouth, the extreme point our cavalry now picket, and the necessity for Kilpatrick awaiting the arrival of the infantry, may prevent his reaching his destination before day to-morrow.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 30, 1863-7 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Second Corps:

By direction of the major-general commanding, I transmit you herewith a telegram received from the General-in-Chief. * In pursuance thereof, General Pleasonton will send a strong force of cavalry and artillery, and the major-general commanding directs that you move with your corps to-morrow morning at 3 o'clock to United States Ford and Banks' Ford, and hold those crossings. The cavalry pickets along the river will not be withdrawn, but remain on the river during the operation. And your force will be concealed from the enemy until he makes some demonstration to cross. A cavalry force (a brigade), under General Buford, will hold the ford at Falmouth. Kilpatrick's division will move down the river.

Every man of your command, excepting those on picket, and on the necessary guards, should be with the command. It should be provided with three days' rations.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

Upon the return of the cavalry, of which you will be advised by General Kilpatrick, you will resume your former position at Morrisville and Elkton.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Halleck to Meade, August 30, p. 111.

---------------

