
It appearing that the cavalry cannot move so soon as was intended, your corps need not move until 6 a. m.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

Take as few ambulances as possible, and use your own discretion as to ammunition wagons; no other wagons should accompany the command.

A. A. H. [HUMPHREYS.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, August 30,[1863]-9. 45 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: My signal officers have to-day intercepted the following rebel message:

General CHILTON:

I have important dispatches to send to General Lee, at Richmond, in reply to his of yesterday, which I did not receive until this morning. I wish to send them as soon as the telegraph office opens this p. m.

STUART,

General.

Very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

CENTREVILLE, VA., August 30, 1863.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

The infantry force which I sent out on Friday to co-operate with the cavalry in a search for guerrillas, returned to camp this morning. They scouted the country thoroughly as far as Dranesville, but only saw 5 or 6 guerrillas, who fled immediately.

Colonel McMahon, commanding the infantry, reports that Mosby, who was severely wounded in the affair on Monday last, has been carried beyond the mountains. White is in the neighborhood of Broad Run, enforcing the Confederate conscription, supported, as is said, by a body of infantry near Leesburg.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

CENTREVILLE, VA., August 30, 1863. (Received 6. 40 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Major Thompson, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, left Dranesville and Guilford Station this morning. White was on Board Run on Thursday, just before attack on Edwards Ferry. Since that time he is believed not to have been south of Goose Creek. He has from 200 to 300 men with him. Does not move by day, but sends parties of 10 or 20 by night to pick up conscripts and absentees. The supporting force of infantry is said to be between Leesburg and Snicker's

8 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

