
Be pleased, general, to report at your early convenience how far the suggestions herein made seem adapted to the circumstances of the case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 7, 1863-6. 15 p. m.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that the Fifth Corps be moved to-morrow morning to the vicinity of Beverly Ford; that as much of the artillery as can be placed in position on this side of the river be thus placed, and the remainder held ready to be transfered to the right bank, should it be required there. A bridge will be thrown across the Rappahannock in that vicinity to-morrow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

AUGUST 7, 1863-6. 20 p. m.

Officer Commanding First Corps:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that four batteries have been ordered to report to you from the Artillery Reserve-one 12-pounder and three rifled. Also that the Fifth Corps has been ordered to move to the vicinity of Beverly Ford to-morrow morning. The artillery will leave the park to-morrow morning at as early an hour as practicable.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 7, 1863-8 p. m.

Officer Commanding Eleventh Corps:

By direction of the major-general commanding, I transmit herewith a copy of the report* upon the inspection of the guards on the railroad from the vicinity of these headquarters to Manassas Junction, and am instructed to say that it exhibits a very unsatisfactory condition of the arrangements for protecting the road and an inefficient execution of the guard duties connected wity it. The major-general commanding directs that you include that portion of the road from Warrenton Junction to Bealeton Station in the space protected by the Eleventh Corps, sending not less than a regiment to execute this duty, including the guard at the station.

I am instructed to say that the guard placed on the line of the road will be not less than 12 men to the mile, posted in groups of 3 or 4, and that at night these squads will keep up a constant patrol between the groups. Every bridge or culvert upon the road, how-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

