
[CHAP. XLI.

the One hundred and forty-ninth New York, was sent to that point to reconnoiter, discovering that the rebels, to the number of from 10 to 15, crossed on the dam and attacked the pickets, and after killing one and scattering the rest they recrossed. Major Thomas has been ordered to remain there until relieved by an infantry force to be sent from United States Ford by General Warren. He has discovered no enemy, and the lines have been quiet since his arrival.

I have just returned from a visit to the lines, and find from my officers' statements that there are about 300 cavalry in our front, between Ellis' and Kemper's Fords, and by indications I judge there is also a section of artillery. These movements and changes of the enemy are evidently in apprehension of some movement of ours. I do not apprehend any aggressive step on their part at present.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

YORKTOWN, VA.,

September 2, 1863.

General NAGLEE,

Norfolk:

Colonel Onderdonk returned from Gloucester. Found nothing there. Enemy left on Friday. Reports portions of Fifth and Sixth Virginia Cavalry in Middlesex.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 2, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

It is reported that Cape Henry light is not sufficiently guarded, and is in danger. Please look to this.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1863-12. 15 p. m.

Colonel LOWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Centreville:

Colonel Devin, commanding the cavalry brigade sent to Leesburg, has returned. He reached Leesburg Monday [August 31]. White, with about 300 men, had been there a day or two before, but had retired to Upperville. Imboden had not been there, nor any other force than White's. A Richmond paper of the 1st of September states that Mosby received two serious wounds in the fight near Fairfax Court-House, and has been taken to his father's residence at Amherst.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

