
[CHAP. XLI.

that Jones and Jackson contemplated a raid into this part of the State, and that Averell's expedition has frustrated their plans. Deserters report Jones' loss in the late action much more than ours. He lost 4 colonels killed and wounded, and quite a number of line officers.

All safe along line of Baltimore and Ohio and Northwestern Railroads.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF ENGINEER OF DEFENSES,Washington, September 4, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I respectfully recommend that the following works and forts, forming part of the Defenses of Washington, may be called after the officers whose names are set opposite, and who have died or been killed in the service of the United States:

Fort at Rozier's Bluff, on east side of the Potomac River, 2 miles below Alexandria, to be called Fort Foote, after Rear-Admiral A. H. Foote, U. S. Navy, who died of disease June 26, 1863, and whose distinguished services in command of the United States naval forces upon the Western rivers are well known.

Water battery at Alexandria to be called Battery Rodgers, after Fleet Captain G. W. Rodgers, U. S. Navy, killed August 17, 1863, in a naval attack upon Fort Wagner, Charleston Harbor, S. C.

Fort Blenker, south side of Potomac, to be called Fort Reynolds, after Major General J. F. Reynolds, killed July 1, 1863, at Gettysburg, Pa.

Redoubt A, near Fort Lyon, to be called Fort Weed, after Stephen H. Weed, captain Fifth Artillery, brigadier-general of volunteers, killed July 2, 1863, at Gettysburg, Pa.

Redoubt B, near Fort Lyon, to be called Fort Farnsworth, after Brigadier General Elon J. Farnsworth, killed July 3, 1863, at Gettysburg, Pa.

Redoubt C, near Fort Lyon, to be called Fort O'Rorke, after Patrick H. O'Rorke, first lieutenant of Engineers, U. S. Army (colonel of volunteers), killed July 2, 1863, at Gettysburg, Pa.

Redoubt D, near Fort Lyon, to be called Fort Willard, after George L. Willard, major Nineteenth Infantry (colonel of volunteers), killed July 2, 1863, at Gettysburg, Pa.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier General Chief Engineer Defenses of Washington.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Having, under instructions of the 28th ultimo, visited the Army of the Potomac, you will proceed to make the further inspections prescribed by these instructions.

