
You will visit the principal armies in the field, and the principal depots of supplies in the Middle States, and in the South and Southwest, so far as time will permit, aiming to return to this city in season to prepare the annual report of your department. If possible, it is desired that your tour should extend to the Army of the Cumberland, and to the depots at Memphis and Vicksburg. On the way, the depots on the Susquehanna and Ohio, and that at Saint Louis should be visited.

All commanding officers will, upon presentation of this order, or of an official copy thereof, afford you every facility in their power to inspect the condition of the department of which you have charge, and the condition of the equipment and outfit of the troops in quarters, tents, clothing, baggage, ammunition, and ambulance wagons, animals, and other supplies furnished by the Quartermaster's Department. The troops should be visited in their camps, and portions of them reviewed and inspected on parade.

You will report from time to time the result of your observations, and will give such orders in relation to the Quartermaster's Department as you find necessary for the correction of abuses and errors, and for promoting efficiency and economy in its operations. Your attention is particularly directed to the subject of steamboat navigation on the Ohio and Mississippi.

You will keep this office informed by telegraph of your address.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Acting Secretary of War.

NEW YORK CITY, September 5, 1863.

(Received 11. 40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your note of the 3rd is just received. Six thousand men will embark so soon as transportation is ready. Others will follow as soon as possible.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK,

September 5, 1863-12 m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your private letter is just received. I can send you back 5,000 men to-day, if you desire it. Shall I send them?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK CITY,

September 5, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Since telegraphing you I have seen General Canby, and orders have been given for 6,000 men to move. Over 4,000 will embark immediately.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

