
 [CHAP. XLI.
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 5, 1863-10. 25 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

Send Colonel Mindil's regiment as soon as it is mustered, to this place, for the Army of the Potomac. Send by water.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS CITY AND HARBOR, Numbers 18. New York, September 5, 1863.

I. As the immediate necessity no longer exists, the troops now quartered or encamped in the city, with the exception of the guards at the officers of the provost-marshals and depots of public property, will be removed and encamped at convenient points in the neighborhood.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS IN CITY AND HARBOR, Numbers 47. New York, September 5, 1863.

I. Brigadier General R. B. Ayres will order the Second Regiment Vermont Volunteers to proceed this afternoon, or early this evening, to the city of Poughkeepsie, N. Y., where the draft for the Twelfth Congressional District takes place on Monday, the 7th instant. On its arrival there, the commanding officer will report to Captain Isaac Platt, provost-marshal.

Brigadier-General Ayres will also order the Fifth and Sixth Vermont Volunteers to proceed this afternoon, or early this evening, to the village of Kingston, Ulster County, N. Y., where the draft for the Thirteenth Congressional District takes place on Monday, the 7th instant. On arrival at that place, the commanding officer of these regiments will report to Captain Joshua Fiero, jr., provost-marshal. Captain Nields, commanding First Delaware Battery, will detach a section to proceed, in company with the Fifth and Sixth Regiments Vermont Volunteers, to Kingston, N. Y., and to be reported in like manner on arrival at that place.

All these troops will take their tents with them and be provided with one day's cooked rations. Major Stewart Van Vliet, quartermaster, U. S. Army, will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, commanding Second Brigade, will order one section of the Second Connecticut Battery to proceed this afternoon, or early this evening, to the village of Kingston, Ulster County, N. Y., where the draft of the Thirteenth Congressional District takes place on Monday, the 7th instant. On its arrival at that place, the commanding officer of the section will report to Captain Joshua Fiero, jr., provost-marshal.

The men will take their tents with them and be supplied with one day's cooked rations. Major Stewart Van Vliet will furnish the necessary transportation.

