
years ago. By his will he was made free, after having served five years for General Lee. He has been hired out of late to Alexander Dudley, superintendent of the York River Railroad, who discharged him a few days before he left Richmond.

He states that he left Richmond on Friday last, with a pass from General Curtis Lee, to go through our lines via Culpeper. He took the Central cars via Gordonsville, and arrive in Gordonsville about noon and staid there two hours. Saw no troops on the move or march. Saw some in camp, to the right of Gordonsville, perhaps 4,000 or 5,000, just out of the town; looked as if they had been in the camp some little time. The Charlottesville cars run into the same depot.

He states that if any troops had been moving from or toward Charlottesville he would have known it. He talked with several persons at Gordonsville. They said nothing about the movement of troops anywhere. He saw many troops in camp at Orange Court-House. All in camp; none on the march. He had to get off there to get a pass, when the cars left him and he walked to Culpeper. Got to Culpeper on Saturday. Yesterday morning saw troops in several places between Orange Court-House and Culpeper. Went all the way on the railroad, showing his pass only once. Saw no troops at Culpeper, but some wagons and a few [sic]. Went to the provost-marshal, who examined his passes and made some objections to his coming through. Was put on a horse in the afternoon, blindfolded, and sent to our pickets at Rappahannock Station.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 6, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Captain Sharra, commanding detachment of First Indiana Cavalry, just returned from the neighborhood of Aldie, captured 3 of Mosby's men near Cool Spring Gap, who will be sent to general headquarters to-morrow. No sings of any raid. Mosby not dead, but wounded at Culpeper. The men think he will be fit for duty in six weeks.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to circular of September 1, 1863, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following statements concerning distinguished officers of this corps killed in battle during the recent campaign:

1. Brigadier-General Zook. This officer was formerly colonel of the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, and was distinguished for his bravery on many occasions, particularly at Fredericksburg. He was killed at the head of his brigade early in the action of July, at Gettysburg.

