
[CHAP. XLI.

2. Colonel E. E. Cross, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers. This officer has borne a reputation in this corps for the most intrepid bravery on nearly every battle-field on which this army has fought, and was several times severely wounded. His regiment, under his discipline, was excelled by none. He was killed at the head of his brigade at Gettysburg, July 2, 1863.

3. Colonel George H. Ward. This officer lost a leg at Ball's Bluff; returned to his command with an artificial leg, and was killed while mounted, some distance in advance of the main line of battle, at Gettysburg. He was in command of a brigade.

4. Colonel Willard, major Eighth Infantry. Killed at the head of his brigade, at Gettysburg, July 2.

5. First Lieutenant A. H. Cushing, Fourth U. S. Artillery. Killed while commanding his battery at Gettysburg, July 3. His gallant conduct was a subject of universal remark in this corps. He was slightly wounded an hour before he was killed.

6. First Lieutenant G. A. Woodruff, First U. S. Artillery, commanding Ricketts' (afterward Kirby's) battery. This officer was the associate of the late General Kirby in the different actions in which the battery was engaged, and was himself an officer of marked bravery and of great ability. His services at Gettysburg were highly meritorious. Killed July 3, 1863.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION,

September 6, 1863.

Lieutenant PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

My pickets report that about midnight they could hear noises like the tearing up of the railroad track, also the sound of heavy wagons or artillery moving in direction of Brandy Station. The enemy's line remains unchanged since last report.

H. D. MANN,

Captain Eighth New York Cavalry, Commanding Pickets.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 8, 1863. (Received 6. 50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

John Wilson, a citizen of Tennessee, who has been for some time living on the James River, came into our lines yesterday, and reports that he came through Lynchburg, Charlottesville, Gordonsville, &amp;c., and that he neither saw nor heard of any movements of troops from Lynchburg south, except that he met numerous cavalry-men leading their horses, who said they were sent home to remount themselves. Scouts from Fredericksburg report no change in the position of the enemy. Cooke's brigade, has gone to Hanover Junction, as previously reported. McLaws' division, they could not say had or had not gone from Walter's Tavern, 10 miles north of Frederick's Hall, where it was last reported.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

