
command, without the express written order of a general officer, and the search or seizure shall be conducted under the direction of a commissioned officer.

II. Under no circumstances shall property be taken from a citizen without the lines, unless by an officer detailed for the express purpose by order of the officer in command of the detachment; the latter to be of not less rank than that of a field officer.

III. In every instance where property shall be taken, a receipt shall be given by a quartermaster or commissary, specifying the date, place, name of owner, his known loyalty or suspected disloyalty, an accurate description of the kind and quantity and the value thereof, and by whose order it was taken, and in every instance the property shall at once be entered upon the returns of the proper officers.

IV. Commanding officers of detachments who shall capture any property, will include an accurate invoice of the same in their report.

V. The following extract is published and will be rigidly enforced, as follows:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, Numbers 88. Washington, March 31, 1863.

* * * * *

II. It is further ordered that every officer or private, or persons employed in or with the regular or volunteer forces of the United States, who may receive or have under his control any property which shall have been abandoned by the owner or owners, or captured in any district declared to be in insurrection against the United States, including all property seized under military orders, excepting only such as shall be required for military use of the United forces, shall promptly turn over all such property to the agent appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury to receive the same, who shall give duplicate receipts therefor.

And every such officer or private, or person employed in or with the regular or volunteer forces of the United States, shall also promptly turn over to such agent, in like manner, all receipts, bills of lading, and other papers, documents, and vouchers showing title to such property, or the rights to the possession, control, or direction thereof, and he shall make such order, indorsement, or writing as he has power to make to enable such agent to take possession of such property or the proceeds thereof.

Arms, munitions of war, forage, horses, mules, wagons, beef cattle, and supplies which are necessary in military operations, shall be turned over to the proper officers of the ordnance or of the quartermaster's or of the commissary departments, respectively, for the use of the army. All other property abandoned or captured or seized as aforesaid shall be delivered to the agent appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury.

The officer receiving or turning over such property shall give the usual and necessary invoices, receipts, or vouchers therefor, and shall make regular returns thereof, as prescribed by the Army Regulations. The receipts of the agent of the Treasury Department shall be vouchers for all property delivered to them, and whenever called upon by the agent of the Treasury Department authorized to receive such abandoned or captured or seized property as aforesaid, or the proceeds thereof, all persons employed in the military service will give him full information in regard thereto, and if requested by him so to do, they shall give him duplicates or copies of the reports and returns thereof, and of the receipts, invoices, and vouchers therefor.

VI. All property captured or seized under military orders, exception only such as shall be required for military use of the United States forces, shall be promptly turned over to Mr. M. H. Morse, assistant special agent of the Treasury Department, in pursuance of the above General Orders, Numbers 88, of the War Department.

By command of Brigadier-General Naglee:

GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

