
[CHAP. XLI.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS CITY AND HARBOR, Numbers 51. New York, September 9, 1863.

* * * * *

I. By authority from department headquarters, the Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers is ordered to proceed as soon as transportation can be furnished, to Albany, N. Y., and report, on arrival, to Major Frederick Townsend, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Northern Division of the State of New York.

On the way to Albany, one company will be left at Kingston, Ulster County, N. Y. and another company at Poughkeepsie, N. Y. The men will take their tents with them and be provided with one day's cooked rations.

The Fifth and Sixth Regiments Vermont Volunteers and the section of the Second Connecticut Battery at Kingston, N. Y. ; the Second Vermont Regiment Volunteers, at Poughkeepsie, N. Y. ; the Third and Fifth Regiments Michigan Volunteers, at Schenectady, N. Y. (or elsewhere), will, upon being relieved by detachments from the Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, proceed without delay to this city.

The Second, Fifth, and Sixth Vermont, and the Third and Fifth Michigan Regiments, will be furnished with transportation to ----, to be ready, if possible, upon their arrival in this city. The section of the Second Connecticut Battery will proceed to East New York, Long Island, where the battery is encamped, and the company of the Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry to the headquarters of the regiment at Fort Richmond, Staten Island.

* * * * *

VI. Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger, after superintending the embarkation of the troops of his brigade, will proceed by railroad to Alexandria, Va., in season to meet his troops upon their arrival at that place.

* * * * *

IX. Brigadier General George J. Stannard, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty in accordance with orders from the War Department, is hereby assigned to the command of the district on the west side of the Narrows, including the fort at Sandy Hook, New York Harbor, headquarters at Harbor Richmond, New York Harbor.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Canby:

C. T. CHRSITENSEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

New Berne, N. C., September 10, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Soon after my arrival I proceeded to Plymouth and collected from General Wessels and Captain Flusser, U. S. Navy, all the information respecting the iron-clad and battery at Edwards Ferry, which I communicated to your headquarters. Several thousand men were at Garysburg, Jackson, &amp;c., and several regiments at Hamilton, Rainbow, and vicinity. Five hundred were reported

