
guarding the iron-clad. Your reply was to the effect that the forces of the department would not admit of a movement.

General Wessels and Captain Flusser again report increased efforts for the completed of this boat, and apprehensions that she may come down to Plymouth and the Sounds. The general asks for a small iron-clad, not having much faith in the obstructions which he is preparing. If you have an iron-clad to send, she will not venture down the Roanoke. There is no one here skilled in preparing torpedoes, and while I have not great faith in them, I would request that some person be sent to prepare some at Plymouth.

Under all the circumstances, a raid upon Edwards Ferry should not be made with less than 1,000 cavalry of good quality. The character of the Twelfth New York Calvary you fully appreciate, and the effective force of the Third is much reduced, as I learn from Major Jacobs. He estimates it as 450 or 500. #

General Wessells has been instructed to push the obstructions rapidly, to strengthen his system of works generally, especially on the water front, and to scour the country with his cavalry for the enemy and for information##.

Major Anderson, of your staff, intimated that the colored troops at Elizabeth City would be relieved, or replaced by troops from Virginia. Upon his advice the former were relieved without waiting for the latter. General Wessells advises that no troops are at Elizabeth City.

Is it your wish that General Wessells should again occupy these points?$

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

SUTTON,

September 10, 1863-1 p. m.

Captain EWALD OVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Some 250 rebels of Jackson's army passed between here and Bulltown yesterday in direction of Glenville. I leave with my command of Sixth and Eleventh to follow them. I sent the wagons and provisions back to Weston, to await further orders.

The rebels may be making for the Burning Springs. They say they are to meet 200 more of their men, but this I doubt. better send troops to Glenville to support us in case of need; also send troops to Burning Springs. You need not be uneasy if you do not hear from me for two or three days.

We had 10 men of the Eleventh captured on 8th. The latest report says there is a regiment of rebels coming through Webster this way. I expect to be at Glenville on the 11th.

C. J. HARRISON,

Captain, Commanding Forces.

---------------

*Chief Engineer Lay, U. S. Navy, if in the department, is skilled in making torpedoes. No iron-clads, and torpedoes not though much of; obstructions are better. -Note by General FOSTER.

#This raid would probably not succeed. -Note by General FOSTER.

##. If necessary another rifle gun be mounted. - Note by General FOSTER.

$Do not. -Note by General FOSTER.

---------------

