HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 11, 1863-9. 20 p. m. (Received 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Kilpatrick, picketing the river from Ellis' Ford to below Falmouth, has reported that within the last two days the enemy's pickets that were in many places of infantry have been replaced by cavalry. Two scouts this evening have returned who crossed the river below Port Conway, crossed the Fredericksburg railroad at Guiney's Station and went to Walter's Tavern. McLaws' division was not there; was said to have left last Monday. The people all told them the army was falling back to the Peninsula. On their return Law's brigade was met marching from Port Conway to Bowling Green. It is the conviction of these scouts that the Confederate Army is falling back from the Rapidan. Still, as their route was so far to the rear of the enemy's right flank, it may be merely a movement of this part of their army, ad there is no positive evidence of which way the troops that have moved have gone, but only that they have left their former positions.

I have other scouts out who will endeavor to penetrate nearer Orange Court-House, and if I can get any evidence more positive, I will push to Culpeper and beyond a strong reconnaissance of cavalry and infantry.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., September 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: General Canby telegraphs that the following regiments are en route to the Army of the Potomac: The Fourth, Fifth, Seventh, Eighth, Twenty-ninth, Sixty-sixth, One hundred and tenth, One hundred and twenty-sixth, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio.

The Second Massachusetts, First Minnesota, Third Wisconsin, Fourteenth and Twenty-seventh, Indiana, Seventh Michigan, Third and Fourth Vermont, Thirty-third New Jersey, and First Delaware and Seventh Massachusetts Batteries, and the Second, Third, Eleventh, Fourteenth, Seventeenth, and Twelfth U. S. Infantry are waiting transportation. The Third Michigan, Second, Fifth and Sixth regiment have been ordered to march from Alexandria.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

--- -, 1863.

Corps commanders will draw from the quartermaster's department the transportation required by existing orders for such of the above-mentioned regiments as belong to their respective commands, and have the same in readiness on the return of the regiments.

