
NEW CREEK, W. VA., August 7, 1863.

(Received 4. 50 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

On my arrival here yesterday I found a dispatch from General Scammon, in which he advised me that the enemy was concentrating a large force in his front, and that he feared an attack from toward Lewisburg, and asked for re-enforcements. I answered him that I had no troops to send him, but that I would relieve him from anxiety in the direction of Lewisburg and Huntersville, by a movement up this valley to Monterey; in answer to which I have just received the following dispatch. If a gunboat can be spared, I desire that one best to the Kanawha River:

CHARLESTON, W. VA.,

August 7, 1863-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Telegram received. The enemy is in small force at Lewisburg. There are rumors of his having gone to the Narrows of New River-probably a move indicating an advance on my right. Will keep you advised.

SCAMMON.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK, W. VA., August 7, 1863

(Received 4. 40 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

I left Hedgesville on Saturday, the 1st instant, and proceeded up the Valley of Back Creek to the Northwestern turnpike, and thence west by that road to Romney, which place my troops now occupy. My cavalry proceeded from Winchester, via Wardensville to Moorefield. Found a portion of Imboden's force in this valley engaged in conscripting and gathering supplies. They have retreated up the valley. We captured on our march quite a number of guerrillas and horse thieves. Several hundred deserters from Lee's army have come in, and hundreds are yet secreted in the mountains, awaiting an opportunity to get inside our lines.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 8, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inquire by what authority the several cavalry commands arrest citizens, living without our lines, against whom there is no evidence of having been engaged in committing depredations or aiding those engaged in such practices, but who merely decline to take the oath of allegiance.

The general commanding directs that for the present such arrests will not be made, but will be limited to those engaged in the practice just referred to and such others against whom there is suspicion of having been engaged in them, or of having been guilty of any disloyal act.

2 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

