
[CHAP. XLI.

the penalty of death for pillage or plundering, and other articles authorize severe punishment for any officer or soldiers who shall sell, embezzle, misapply, or waste military stores, or who shall permit the misapplication of any such public property.

IV. All property, public or private, taken from alleged enemies must be inventoried and duly accounted for.

* * * * *

VI. No officer or soldier will, without authority, leave his colors or ranks to take private property, or to enter a private house for that purpose. All such acts are punishable by death, and the officer who permits them is equally as guilty as the active pillager.

If there is one portion of the United States where these regulations should be more rigidly enforced than in any other, it is in the Old North State, for the spirit which prompted North Carolina to make the first declaration of independence of Great Britain still lives in thousands of loyal hearts, in spite of the despotism and bayonets of the Confederacy.

Commanders of every grade will be held responsible for the faithful execution of these orders.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

September 12, 1863-12 m.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

Your telegram received. No report has been made to these headquarters of any attack on Gregg's pickets. On the contrary, General Gregg reports a brigade he had sent to the Bull Run Mountains, and to the country between there and the Blue Ridge, had returned without encountering or hearing of any enemy.

Scouts from below indicate a southerly movement of the enemy, and though I do not rely implicitly on this, yet I shall to-morrow push my cavalry to the front to try and find out something. No further specific instructions can be given than have heretofore been given. In the event of a raid becoming certain, your force should be concentrated at the important points; Warrenton Junction first, as it has the depot and public property, and where there is abundance of artillery, then the bridges at Catlett's and Bristoe. At Manassas there is the regiment of Colonel Gibbs, 700 strong, and General King's force at Centreville, within striking distance.

No information at these headquarters would indicate a raid. At the same time, we should always be ready for one.

GEO. G . MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 12, 1863.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

I am instructed to inform you that a movement-reconnaissance-will be made to-morrow in the direction of Culpeper Court-House, and the commanding general orders that you hold your command in readiness to move at short notice in case the development of the movement should be required.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

