
MANASSAS,

September 12, 1863.

General KING:

General Howard has just sent word that there is strong probability of an attack from the direction of Greenwich. It appears so strong that he has directed Von Steinwehr's division to hold itself in readiness-with teams harnessed, wagons packed, &amp;c. -to hold out till the last and then fall back on Catlett's. I have more than half my men away for horses, and have an immense amount of new ordnance just arrived. Can you help me any if I am attacked?

ALFRED GIBBS,

Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., September 12, 1863.

(Received Hdqrs. Dept. Cumberland, October 16, 1863.)

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: By a flag of truce, I received some papers, which I send you. Governor Vance issued a proclamation on the 7th, calling upon the people to be united and to support the Confederate Government, &c.

A Mr. Clements, of Pennsylvania, has just arrived from Graham, N. C., where he has a son-in-law. He was on a visit at the outbreak, and has been detained until now. He is a man of sixty years, and very good sense. He says that a large body of troops passed from General Lee's army to the west, for General Bragg, estimated at varying from 15,000 to 20,000. Being a railroad man, from what he saw and learned from others, he judges about 13,000. The last of one portion passed through Raleigh on Tuesday of this week (8th). He conversed with some of the troops, and all said they were going to Bragg, and that it would not be known at the North.

A riot occurred in Raleigh; some of the Georgia troops attacked the office of the Standard; bells sounded, people assembled in a very excited state. Governor Vance addressed them, but the other office was attacked.

This information may be of no great importance when it reaches you, but I deem it proper to communicate it at once. Major Jenney, of my staff, leaves this evening for the Guide, at Beaufort, and will sail at daybreak, or as soon as the vessel can cross the bar.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding, &c.:

It may be of service to you hereafter to have a copy of a hasty dispatch sent by me for the information of the Department at Washington.

It was made in the night, and taken by rail to Beaufort, where the bearer sailed at dawn for his destination. The telegram was in

