
[CHAP. XLI.

Washington early on the 14th, and doubtless was promptly communicated to you. *

Beyond question it was the most reliable information in possession of the Government at that time. The importance of the news was fully appreciated by the undersigned.

Wishing you all success, I am, very respectfully,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA,Norfolk, September 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM LEWIS,

Commanding Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

You will at present locate your command at or near Great Bridge and relieve the officer now there after forty-eight hours, and he will report for duty with his regiment. Execute the special orders of the 1st of August, a copy of which is herein inclosed. # Ascertain who burned the bridges within the past three days, and arrest and send to Norfolk persons who may be justly suspected. Scour the country in every direction and get rid of the few guerrillas that Bridge. You will watch carefully and prevent all persons from passing the Pasquotank River. Allow no person to pass out whatever. I have ordered that no pass shall be given, and, if I desire to pass any one it will be by a special order to yourself or the commanding officer at South Mills.

You will relieve the companies of the Eleventh Pennsylvania at South Mills, and order them to report to their regiment as soon as you are familiar with the country and with the orders. You will send one company to the Currituck Canal, and prevent any vessels from passing with any merchandise whatever.

Mrs. Campbell should occupy your especial attention. She will not be permitted to continue to sell goods after she has closed out her present stock of goods. You will communicate with the Quaker settlement, 20 miles west of South Mills. They will give you reliable information. Send me daily reports and communicate with the Quaker settlement, 20 miles west of South Mills. They will give you reliable information. Send me daily reports and communicate all the names of suspicious persons. Advise Mrs. Bell that after ten days her house will be destroyed unless she removes the guerrilla Sanderlin from it. Advise others to the same purpose who permit their houses to be occupied persons that give aid and comfort to guerrillas. A severe policy must be adopted in regard to them. Leave one squadron of cavalry, who will report to me for further orders.

Contrabands, deserters, and refugees will be brought directly to the provost-marshal at Norfolk. The latter will be advised that they will be required to take the oath of allegiance.

No person will be allowed to pass in either direction, except as above specified. I shall hold you responsible for the good conduct of your regiment, and I sincerely hope the confidence I have in you shall only increase with more intimate military connection.

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Halleck to Rosecrans, September 15.

#See Naglee to Rowe, August 20.

---------------

