
[CHAP. XLI.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 13, 1863.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

Major-General Pleasonton, with the cavalry under his command, has advanced to a position some 3 miles beyond Culpeper Court-House, after considerable skirmishing with the enemy. During the day General Pleasonton's command has captured three guns and about 40 prisoners. The Second Corps is at Culpeper.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to commanding officers Third and Twelfth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS,September 13, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I regret very much that the present circumstances exact of me anything like this communication. Yesterday, when your communication came notifying me of the reconnaissance intended for to-day without any further details, I naturally supposed that it was a cavalry reconnaissance, and that the nearest body of infantry, the First Corps, would support such reconnaissance if required.

Subsequently I heard unofficially that the Second Corps had been detailed to accompany the cavalry in this expedition. I interpreted this fact, however, in this way: That it was intended to give General Pleasonton, in command of the cavalry, the charge of the reconnaissance, and that the Second Corps was detailed to accompany him because its commander was junior to him.

At an early hour this morning I was informed that my supposition was incorrect; that General Warren, being senior to General Pleasonton, would, of course, take command of the entire expedition in case of necessity. Under such circumstances you must not be surprised to learn that the officers and men of the First corps are disappointed and mortified at an occurrence from which others will not fail to draw the inference that the Second Corps was selected and brought from some distance to perform an act for which the First Corps was not qualified.

I cannot believe any such imputation was intended by the major-general commanding, but an ordinary regard for the reputation of the corps which I have the honor at present to command enjoins upon me the duty of forwarding this communication.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,September 13, 1863.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: I send my orderly to you. Will you have the kindness to notify me if you move anywhere, or if the enemy makes any raid

