
toward New Baltimore? I have had sundry intimations, but do not deem them altogether reliable, that the rebels contemplate a raid on some of our depots. The work of to-day may prevent it.

I sent out several scouting parties yesterday. One near White Plains met some of Mosby's men and had a skirmish. One of our party was severely wounded and left at a house at White Plains.

I still have a regiment at Greenwich, a brigade at Bristoe, and two brigades here. My force is very small. I will leave my orderly with you till to-morrow. Please send him with everything important. When it is not smoky, I communicate directly with Watery Mountain, and, by telegraph, with headquarters.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON,

September 13, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

General RUFUS KING:

The major-general commanding directs that in the event of Colonel Gibbs being attacked, you furnish him any support which may be necessary. If the occasion arises and you are compelled to detach troops from Centreville, you will receive all possible support from the immediate garrison of the defenses. Please keep these headquarters informed of all that occurs of importance.

Lowell will be informed of the substance of your dispatch and directed to act accordingly.

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE,Beverly, September 13, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Wheeling.

All of Patton's forces at Lewisburg. Jackson at Huntersville with pickets at Marling Bottom. Jenkins and Imboden at Crab Bottom, with about 3,000, grazing horses and drilling. Colonel Oley, with flag of truce, has effected an exchange for Captain Ewing, who will arrive to-morrow. He is doing well; can walk a little. Major McNally had left arm amputated, also wounded in head; doing well and will live. Captain Parker found dead on field.

Sent a supply of medicines to our wounded.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 14, 1863-10. 30 a. m. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Dispatches received from General Pleasonton subsequent to my telegram of 8 p. m. yesterday announce his having driven the enemy's cavalry and artillery to within 2 miles of the Rapidan at Raccoon Ford and Rapidan Station. An examination of the prisoners

12 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

