
[CHAP. XLI.

sent in shows that Ewell's and A. P. Hill's corps are still on the south side of the Rapidan near Orange Court-House and raccoon Ford; that Lee has returned from Richmond, he having been seen on Saturday at Orange Court-House. It is believed and reported by the prisoners that Longstreet's corps had gone south, designation said to be Tennessee. McLaws' division, they assert positively, has passed through Richmond.

Pleasonton will this morning continue to press the enemy, and I will report any further authentic intelligence he may send in.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 14, 1863.

Commanding Officers Twelfth and other Corps:

As it is not yet known what may be the result of the movement now being made in the front, the commanding general directs that you hold your command in readiness to march at short notice.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1863-9 a. m.

General HERMANN HAUPT, Washington:

Our troops now occupy Culpeper Court-House, and General meade will be glad to have the road opened to that place. The road is believed to be in fair order, but it doubtless requires examination. None of the rails have been removed.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General GEORGE SYKES, Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general directs me to say, in answer to your dispatch of this morning, that it is not now expected that the result of the reconnaissance sent to the front will be to require a general movement of the army. Should, however, such a movement become necessary, its nature cannot at this time be anticipated, and no instructions can be given as to the trains; such instructions must accompany an order for a move.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 14, 1863.

(Received 2. 20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch, just received, is forwarded for your information:

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Two intercepted letters, which I am bringing to headquarters, say General Lee has gone to Charleston or Chattanooga. General Longstreet commands the rebel

