
The mere fact of residence within the lines of this army, and an indisposition to take the oath of allegiance in a region alternately held by our troops and those of the enemy, should not in itself cause the arrest of an individual, unless there is some reason to believe that, directly or indirectly, the person is engaged in aiding those in arms against us.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 8, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

I omitted to mention in the instructions of last evening, under the impression that the order had been already given, that as soon as the bridge near Beverly Ford was finished, a sufficient force would be sent across the river to occupy a position that would serve as a bridge head. The remainder of the corps and such of the artillery as is not in position will be held in readiness to be thrown across the river to seize the heights in front, in the event of any movement on the part of the enemy rendering such operation necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 8, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that you are authorized to withdraw a portion of General Buford's command immediately in front of Rappahannock Station, leaving force enough for a strong picket, with reserves sufficient to hold the enemy in check, should he advance, until the infantry can come up to their support.

The portion of the cavalry withdrawn should be stationed at the nearest point to Rappahannock Station where water and grazing can be had, and be prepared to move to the front again upon notification of the presence of the enemy in such force as to require them to be there.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 8, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General NEWTON,

Commanding First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the Eleventh Corps has been ordered to guard the railroad from Warrenton Junction to Bealeton Station, including the guard at that station.

