
[CHAP. XLI.

CLARKSBURG,

September 14, 1863.

Colonel WYNKOOP,

Sir John's Run:

You will call in your companies at Bloomery Gap and Bath to Sir John's Run, where you can have them under your own eyes. I fear the affair at Bath the other day was the result of negligence on the part of the officers in command. You will hereafter keep the country in your front constantly and thoroughly scouted, and do it in such a way that the enemy shall not be aware of your movements.

If you have more clothing or other quartermaster's stores than you require for immediate use, you will send the surplus to Cumberland, and store it with Captain Harrison, assistant quartermaster, for safety.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG,

September 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Beverly:

I will send the passes for Mr. Parker and daughter, as you suggested. Major Stephens was attacked at Moorefield Friday morning by Imboden's men, and 160 of his men were captured. I have no particulars yet. Will order the ammunition sent you at once. Was this ammunition included in the former order?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE,Beverly, September 14, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding Department:

Major Gibson informed me before Major Bowen's return that he did not want re-enforcements. Nothing was accomplished by Bowen's absence. I understand he allowed his men to get drunk. Ten militiamen escaped from rebels, who retired by Hacker's Lick.

Major Gibson is strengthened by the return of Bowen. I notified the militia the day before they were attacked to look out. If they permitted themselves to be captured after that, on their own ground, I do not think they can be any great loss.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, September 14, 1863.

(Received Barboursville, 15th.)

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville:

General Scammon, in the Kanawha Valley, reports the enemy strengthening in his front, with a view to driving him out of West Virginia, as he thinks. Their force is stated at thirteen regiments

