
of infantry and cavalry. If this proves true, my own opinion would be that it is a diversion to bring your troops back to Ohio, and that a show of force moving from Tennessee into Southwestern Virginia would stop them.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 14, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Information received here indicates that a part of Lee's force has gone to Petersburg. There are various suppositions for this. Some think it is intended to put down the Union feeling in North Carolina; others to make an attempt to capture Norfolk; and others, again, to threaten Norfolk, so as to compel us to send re-enforcements there from the Army of the Potomac, and then to move rapidly against Meade. Such was the plan last spring, when Longstreet invested Suffolk. It will be well to strengthen Norfolk as much as possible, and to closely watch the enemy's movements. I think he will soon strike a blow somewhere.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 14, 1863.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I think we can take care of Norfolk, as I have pushed the defenses with all the available force, and have got them in a pretty strong state. I would not like to ask for any re-enforcements from the Army of the Potomac, in view of the splendid chance which it now has before it, if the information given by Bell proves to be true.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE,

September 14, 1863.

General NAGLEE,

Norfolk:

Recent information from all sides represents that a considerable movement of troops took place last week, apparently to re-enforce General Bragg from Lee's army. It is probable that the running of the trains incessantly for the past few days has something to do with this, either to carry more troops to Bragg or to bring those back that passed down on the first of last week. I desire that you will send out reconnaissance to obtain all the information on this point that you possibly can.

J. G. FOSTER.

