
[CHAP. XLI.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 14, 1863-10 a. m.

(Received 12. 50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just received a letter from General Peck, at New Berne, dated the 12th, stating that a Mr. Clements, of Reading, Pa., had come through from Graham, N. C., arriving at New Berne that day. Clements states that a large body of troops from Lee's army passed through Raleigh, going to join Bragg, last week, the last of one portion passing on Tuesday last. The estimated strength of the force varied from 15,000 to 20,000, but Clements, who is a railroad man, estimates the number at 13,000. He conversed with the troops, and all said they were going to join Bragg, and that the North would not know of the movement. This information, coupled with the known continuous running of the cars for the past few days, may be of value to you, if it coincides with your own information. There is no doubt that a considerable movement of troops was going on last week, and is continued now in all probability.

Clements also confirms the report of the conflict between the citizens and Georgia troops at Raleigh, resulting in the gutting of the Standard and Register offices. Governor Vance issued a proclamation on the 7th, calling upon the people to be united and support the Confederate Government, &amp;c.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 14, 1863.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Getty reports at this moment that a deserter named Bell, from the Sixth Virginia, has come in from Richmond, and reports that Hill's corps, from Lee's army, has gone to Tennessee via Lynchburg, and Longstreet's corps is going there at this time via Weldon. Ewell's corps and the cavalry, 5,000 strong, constitute the only force left with Lee. Bell saw two regiments of Longstreet's corps last Friday in Petersburg on their way to Tennessee, and derived his information from them. I have sent for Bell, and, after closely questioning him, will inform you further.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

September 14, 1863.

General PECK,

Commanding Forces in North Carolina:

GENERAL: I received your letter this morning, by the hand of Major Jenney, and have sent the information to General Halleck. The flag-of-truce boat brought us yesterday information confirmatory of yours, viz, that the cars have been constantly running night and day for some days past. Evidently a considerable movement of troops has been and is taking place, perhaps to the amount of 30,000 men. The objective point appears to be either Knoxville or Chatta-

