
nooga, to crush either Burnside or Rosecrans, undoubtedly the latter, especially if he has advanced to Atlanta.

With respect to the iron-clads on the Neuse and Roanoke, we can do nothing at present that I can see. The most would be a cavalry raid on Edwards Ferry, and this will take preparation and combination, and even then terminate as the last one did. If it fails it will show the rebels where to prepare for us when we come in force. It is far better to wait until we get an infantry force sufficient to do the work with certainty. I shall write to General Halleck about this, but the understanding is that now as ever the Army of the Potomac is getting all the re-enforcements. Therefore we may have to wait some time.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 14, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

There are reasons why you should re-enforce General Rosecrans with all possible dispatch. It is believed that the enemy will concentrate to give him battle. You must be there to help him. *

H. W. HALLECK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS CITY AND HARBOR, Numbers 20. New York City, September 14, 1863.

In relieving from further duty with this command a large portion of the troops sent here from the Army of the Potomac, the commanding general desires to express his gratification that the exemplary conduct of these troops has added another-less brilliant, perhaps, but not less enduring-to the many laurels already won by them on the field and under the fire of the enemy, and to say that he is authorized from many sources to convey to them the assurance that their sojourn in this city, in more than usually intimate contact with their fellow citizens, has excited for them a personal interest above that ordinarily attached to any army, and that this interest will not pass away with the occasion that gave rise to it, but will follow them wherever they may go, and to whatever field they may be called, with the warmest wishes for their success and welfare.

The commanding general desires to add to this the expression of his thanks to the State troops, the metropolitan police force, and to teh local authorities with whom he has been incidentally associated, for the kindness and courtesy shown to the officers and men of his command, and for the spirit of co-operation exhibited in everything that had for its object the advancement of our common wishes and labors.

By order of Brigadier-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For Burnside's reply and other correspondence on this subject, see Series I, Vol. XXX.

---------------

