
[CHAP. XLI.

his arrangements to meet it. The commanding general desires you to keep him fully informed of any movements the enemy may make in your vicinity.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 16, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

The Second Corps will move at early daylight to-morrow and relieve the cavalry pickets from Somerville Ford to Cedar Mountain, including both places. At the same time the Twelfth Corps will move down to Raccoon Ford, and connect with the pickets of the Second Corps at Somerville and picket the river down to Morton's Ford, relieving the cavalry pickets.

The Fifth Corps will take the position now occupied by the Second Corps, on the ridge in front of the village of Culpeper.

The commander of the Cavalry Corps will assign a brigade to connect with the pickets of the Second Corps and cover the right flank of the army. He will also direct two squadrons, each containing not less than 100 men, to report to the commander of the Second and Twelfth Corps.

The commander of the Cavalry Corps will make suitable dispositions to guard the left flank of the army, and will assemble his reserve force at Stevensburg.

The chief of artillery will furnish such additional batteries as the commanders of the Second and Twelfth corps may call for.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEVERLY,

September 16, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding Department:

Scouts which left Crab Bottom night before last report Jenkins there with 2,000 mounted men, expecting to be joined by Imboden and Jackson, when they intend moving this way. I have some men in his camp to-day, who will return on Friday.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

NORFOLK,

September 16, 1863.

General FOSTER:

By the way of South Mills, I learn a considerable force of Lee's army passed Raleigh for Chattanooga. A Georgia regiment destroyed the Standard. The citizens mobbed and destroyed all the secession papers in Raleigh.

NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

