
RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, August 8, 1863.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following message was intercepted by our signal officers, 1. 25 p. m. from rebel signal station to Taylor, rebel signal officer:

Please direct Colonel Worley [Corley?] to have the bridge planked.

C. [J. E. B.?] STUART,

General.

The rebel signal officer was signaling toward Orange Court-House from Pony Mountain.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

RAPPAHANNOCK,

August 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Cavalry Corps:

I have had a thorough inspection to-day of my picket line, extending from Hazel Run to Mountain Creek. My line is four times as strong as the rebel lines. I have reduced it. I attempted to communicate with General Gregg, and drove pickets 4 miles up Hazel Run without meeting any of his troops. I met with but little opposition. The rebels fired 50 shots, more or less, without a reply from me. A signal message (rebel) from General Stuart to Colonel S., south of Rapidan, says: "Plank the bridge as quickly as possible. " The Rapidan is very high. I do not believe there is any force this side of the Rapidan, save cavalry. They are ready to run west of Brandy Station. There is a brigade of horses grazing to-day at 12 m., probably Hampton's. There is no disposition to attack. Devin sees nothing this side of Mountain Run. In my front along the railroad the rebel pickets are strong.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 8, 1863.

(Received 7. 35 p. m.)

Colonel J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

In answer to your telegram, of this date, I would say that General Gordon brought to this army the One hundred and twenty-seventh, One hundred and forty-first, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, and One hundred and forty-fourth New York, and the Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, and took with him, when he left, the Forty-first Fifty-fourth, One hundred and twenty-seventh, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-fourth, and One hundred and fifty-seventh New York; Twenty-fifth, Seventh-fifth, and One hundred and seventh Ohio; Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania, Fortieth Massachusetts, and Seventeenth Connecticut.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

