
[CHAP. XLI.

Charleston; not expected to live. Charleston was shelled on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and entirely destroyed. Heavy fighting there, and great loss to the enemy.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General.

KEMPSVILLE, VA., September 16, 1863-3 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Brigadier-General NAGLEE,

Commanding at Norfolk:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I left camp this morning for the purpose of gaining information in regard to the localities mentioned in your instructions. This step was necessary, as I had no guide.

I marched direct to Prinvess Anne Court-House, and found that the Pongo and West Neck bridges, over which I must pass in order to arrest those men, had both been burned by guerrillas, thereby stopping my progress. I also found that the fight I had, occurred at Ship's Corner, which must be the place where their encampment is said to be located.

After gaining this information, I returned to this place in order that I might safely send a dispatch, and also allow my wagon to return to camp. I shall await orders, or, not receiving any, shall scout again to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. STETSON,

Captain, Commanding Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 17, 1863.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

I am instructed by the commanding general to add to the letter I had the honor to address to you last evening, that in the event of your being compelled to yield the position you now hold, you will fall slowly back on this place. And to enable you to do this understandingly, the general wishes you to have an examination made of the country between Raccoon Ford and Culpeper Court-House, so that you may be made acquainted with the defensive points, as well as the roads within the region you may, as a last resort, be required to traverse.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 17, 1863.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the result of my examination of the Rapidan, from Raccoon Ford to Germanna Mills.

