
Captain Castle will communicate with you as desired. Can you send me another flagman? Goldey is sick. We need message blanks and matches. Did you receive the code I sent?

Pleasure answer.

F. W. MARSTON,

Captain, and Signal Officer.

SIGNAL DEPT., HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 20, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following reports have just been received, and are respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general:

CEDAR MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

September 20, 1863.

Captain NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer:

The enemy show a large number of camp fires across the Rapidan and between Robertson's and Rapidan Rivers.

They are working in large numbers on earth-works at Rapidan Station and as far down as Raccoon Ford. They have two brass pieces in position at Rapidan Station.

CASTLE,

Signal Officer.

PONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

September 20, 1863-6. 15 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Enemy are intrenching at Morton's and Stringfellow's Fords to-day. No movements seen.

TAYLOR,

Signal Officer.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that a reconnaissance be made with two divisions of cavalry, those at Stevensburg, between Robertson's River and the Rapidan, extending from Madison Court House on the former, and from Burtonsville at the mouth of the Ballard River on the latter, down to Robertson's Ford and to Barnett's Ford.

The object of the reconnaissance is to ascertain the position and force of the enemy between those rivers and along the Rapidan, the number and character of the roads leading to the Rapidan along the extent indicated, and of the character of the fords and of the ground on both sides where these roads cross the Rapidan, and the advantages such points afford for effecting a crossing in the face of the enemy. It is particularly desirable to learn the character of the south bank of the Rapidan along the road leading to Orange Court House from Burtonsville, since it is along that road that the army

