
may march, should Orange Court-House be approached from above. A sufficient force of cavalry should be left to picket the Rapidan from Stringfellow's Ford to Ely's Ford, and from the right of General Warren's picket near the foot of Cedar Mountain, along the present cavalry picket line.

If you should deem a less force than two divisions sufficient to make the reconnaissance, you are authorized to send a smaller number. The enemy is reported to have a cavalry force between the two rivers, and some artillery in position at Rochelle, on the pike from Madison Court-House to Orange Court-House. Major Duane will be directed to send an engineer officer with the expedition, if one can be made available; if one is not sent by him an officer should be detailed from your command to perform engineer duty on the reconnaissance.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA,Norfolk, September 20, 1863.

Captain GEORGE J. KER,

Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

You will proceed to Princess Anne Court-House, starting this p. m. or to-morrow a. m., and take command of the detachment of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry now in that neighborhood, with which and yours you will proceed to Ship's Corners, and ascertain the number of guerrillas in the vicinity. If prudent so to do, attack and disperse them. If otherwise you will await the arrival of a detachment of 100 selected men from the One hundred and forty-eighth New York, and make a joint and combined attack. Once dispersed, follow them up as long as any two keep together. You will confine yourself rigidly to the restrictions referred to in the inclosed order.

Permit no pillage nor allow any one to enter any house. Arrest only persons that are justly accused, and invariably send a full report of the circumstances and charges against all arrested. Report daily.

By order of Brigadier-General Naglee:

Very respectfully,

[GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 21, 1863-1 p. m. (Received 2 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The position of affairs is unchanged since my last, except the enemy is apparently increasing in force, and is busily engaged in strengthening his works. Reconnaissances are being made to ascertain the practicability of further movements. Your letter by Captain Mason was duly received.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

