
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 21, 1863.

Until further orders, five days' bread and small rations, including salt, will be carried by the troops in their knapsacks, in addition to the subsistence stores they are required under existing orders to take in their haversacks.

Corps and other independent commanders, will take immediate measures to prepare their troops to march, supplied as above directed.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON NAVY-YARD, September 21, 1863.

(Received 12. 15 p. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

Referring to your telegram of 19th instant, directing me to examine into the supposed movement of the rebels on or near Mathias Point, Acting Master Hill, commanding the Dragon, a reliable officer, reports that he engaged a negro living between Boyd's Hole and Mathias Point to watch the movements of the enemy. He represents that the force consists of a company commanded by a Captain Todd. This was about the 17th. It is thought probable that there may be more troops there now. A good lookout is kept at Mathias and Boyd's Hole, two vessels always being kept near enough to act together in case of any demonstrations by the rebels.

Mr. Hill states that he has not been able to discover any of the enemy, but that the nature of the found is such that they can erect batteries without being seen from the river. He suggests that if a small body of troops, say from 50 to 100 men, be sent down to him, he could make good use of them as a reconnoitering party without much risk.

Further information may be looked for shortly.

A. A. HARWOOD,

Commandant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 422. Washington, September 21, 1863.

* * * * *

13. Brigadier-General Naglee, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Meade, U. S. Volunteers, for duty in the Army of the Potomac, as soon as relieved by Brigadier-General Barnes, U. S. Volunteers, who is assigned to duty in his place.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

