
WASHINGTON, September 22, 1863-11 a. m.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

If no immediate movement is contemplated, and you can safely be absent, I would like to see you in Washington. The business, however, is not so pressing as to require your immediate presence if you are wanted there.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 22, 1863-12 m. (Received 1. 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following intercepted rebel dispatch has just been received by our signal officer:

Bragg engaged the enemy. Captured 20 pieces of artillery and 2,500 prisoners.

Your telegram has been received. I will try and get up to Washington some time this evening, so as to return by early to-morrow. Will advise you as soon as an hour can be fixed.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 22, 1863-5 p. m. (Received 5. 20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I shall leave here at 5. 30 p. m. Be due in Washington at 11 p. m. As I desire to return at the earliest moment, shall have to ask you to meet me at your officer at this late hour.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 22, 1863.

General MEADE:

The firing commenced three hours since, at a point 3 miles south of Madison Court-House. It lasted one and a half hours, and then, after a short interruption, opened again some distance to the east of that point and a little nearer to us.

The rebel signals say that our cavalry is driving theirs. They also report that an hour since we crossed forces at Clark's Ford. The rebel battery at Locust Dale was removed this morning, a regiment of cavalry taking its place. The latter half of a rebel dispatch was just intercepted saying-

A complete victory. We are pursuing the flying enemy.

This is supposed to refer to Rosecrans. From the general direction and progress of the firing, I should say that our cavalry is driving theirs on the Madison and Gordonsville pike.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

