
FORT MONROE, September 22, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

(Received 8. 10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just arrived from Richmond. Two divisions of Longstreet's corps, together with two brigades of Pickett's division, have gone to Tennessee. The remainder of that division, consisting of the brigades cut up at Gettysburg, has relieved Wise's legion, and it also has gone. The entire artillery of the corps accompanied it. Eighty-one pieces were counted crossing the railroad bridge in one day. The movement commenced Wednesday week. It was continuing on Wednesday last, when the prisoners belonging to the Second Virginia Regiment passed through Petersburg. The troops moved by the Shore line, fearing that the East Tennessee road had been destroyed.

There are few troops in Richmond, on the Peninsula, or at Drewry's Bluff. The store-houses in Richmond are filled with provisions, and the impression is that the army will fall back on the city if attacked by General Meade. General Wall [?] and other officers say that the decisive battle of the war will be fought in Tennessee. It is even intimated that General Lee will go there himself. The news from Tennessee has produced no satisfaction. The rebel officers say that the accounts from the west are always favorable at first, but cannot bear the test of time.

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

September 22, 1863-1 p. m.

General HALLECK,

Washington:

I have the honor to request that you will grant me permission to relieve Brigadier-General Naglee from duty in this department, and to order him to report to you for orders.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 22, 1863-2. 20 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs that Brigadier General H. M. Naglee be relieved from duty in your command, and that he be ordered to proceed without delay to Vicksburg, Miss., and report for duty to Major-General Grant.

Brigadier-General James Barnes has been ordered to report to you in General Naglee's place.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

