
him. A colonel stated that they had marching orders for yesterday. He has now seven regiments and three batteries. It was reported on the Seneca road yesterday by a citizen that 100 of Jenkins' men were preparing to come down on to Cheat River. I have 150 ready to meet them on Shaffer Mountain.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Lieutenant Abbott, Twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, reports Forty-fifth and Twenty-second [Virginia Infantry], and Edgar's battalion near Lewisburg; Eighth Virginia Cavalry, Derrick's [battalion infantry], and Dittrick's [?] cavalry, at Sinking Creek. Cavalry camp seen distinctly. All passes guarded. Union houses watched. Could not get food for his party. Other party not yet heard from.

SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF ENGINEER OF DEFENSES,Washington, September 23, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: By letter of the 1st instant I represented the importance of speedily arming the two works built for the defense of the Potomac approach to Washington. At your request I mentioned the number of improved sea-coast guns which I thought should be immediately supplied, and I mentioned eight, in consideration of the great demand for guns at the different sea-ports.

This was an off-hand statement, and I have since reflected on the matter, and have come to the conclusion that since there is no armament in Front Washington of any value whatever, and that these two works will constitute, just now, the real defenses of Washington against maritime attack, the full armament of these works (namely, three 15-inch guns and thirteen 200-pounders) should be furnished very speedily. In case of war with a maritime power, allied with the rebellion, the defense of Washington can hardly be considered second in importance to that of New York.

I have, therefore, to request that in your directions to the Ordnance Department it may be directed to furnish the last-mentioned number of guns as speedily as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 65. Fort Monroe, Va., September 23, 1863.

I. In obedience to orders from the Secretary of War, Brigadier General H. M. Naglee is hereby relieved from duty in this department, and ordered to proceed without delay to Vicksburg, Miss., and report for duty to Major-General Grant.

II. Brigadier General G. W. Getty will assume command of the troops between the James River and Albemarle Sound, exclusive of the towns of Norfolk and Portsmouth, which, with the provost guards

