
therein, are placed under the command of Brigadier General Edward E. Potter.

III. Brigadier-General Wistar will command the Sub-District of Yorktown.

Sub-districts will report direct to these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Major General John G. Foster:

[SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 24, 1863-4 p. m. (Received 4. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The officers principally engaged in raising funds for the testimonial to General McClellan promptly agreed to my request to stop the whole proceeding on my representing to them the view that had been taken of it. They furthermore disclaimed any intention of doing anything offensive to any or in violation of regulations. *

I trust this solution will be deemed satisfactory.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 24, 1863.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move with your corps immediately and relieve the Twelfth Corps,+ Major-General Slocum commanding. It is important that this should be done with the utmost dispatch and that the movement and relief of the Twelfth Corps should be effected without the knowledge of the enemy so far as it is practicable to accomplish it. The Twelfth Corps pickets the Rapidan from Somerville Ford to Stringfellow's Ford. The headquarters and main body of the corps are east of Summerduck River, not far from Raccoon Ford. An officer is sent or will be sent to guide your corps to the Twelfth Corps.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

RACCOON FORD, September 24, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following rebel dispatch just intercepted:

General R.:

No news relative to the force moving to Germanna. A large force moving toward Morton's Ford.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 94, headquarters Army of the Potomac, October 6.

+Which, with the Eleventh Army Corps, had been ordered to Tennessee. See Part I, p. 146.

---------------

