
CEDAR MOUNTAIN,

September 24, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Rebel dispatch:

General EWELL:

Camps on Culpeper and Stevensburg road, to the right of Pony Mountain, have disappeared within the last two hours. Infantry can be seen moving toward Stevensburg. A few wagons also moving in that direction.

NEEL,

Lieutenant.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,September 24, 1863-5. 20 p. m.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The First Corps is in position occupying that recently held by the Twelfth Corps. The ammunition and ambulance trains were brought down with one wagon for each brigade and division headquarters.

I suppose I am allowed to bring forage and supplies and required to keep up the full supply trains, &amp;c. The pickets are not yet entirely relieved.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., September 24, 1863.

Captain F. VON SCHILLING,

Commanding Expedition:

You will proceed with the forces under your command to Hog Island and take the necessary steps to protect the light-house on the island from an attack by guerrillas. If deemed prudent, on consultation with Captain Duvall, or commanding officer of the post, you can cross to the mainland and break up and take or kill this party of guerrillas. You will obtain all information you can as to these guerrillas. On landing you will leave a sufficient guard at the light-house to protect it. You will report immediately on your return, and give your views as to the danger and as to the best means of guarding against it. The C. W. Thomas is under your orders.

By orders of Major-General Foster:

I am, very respectfully,

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-I need hardly suggest the necessity of restraining to the utmost every disposition to plunder by the soldiers should you cross on the mainland. As commanding officer you are responsible for good order.

For your information I would inform you that there is a report of a rebel steamer (small) being in Sand Shoal Inlet. Find out anything you can about her.

