HEADQUARTERS,Near Portsmouth, August 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General NAGLEE,

Norfolk:

I went to South Mills yesterday; returned this a. m. The three troops of cavalry under Captain Roberts, Eleventh Pennsylvania, arrived at South Mills from Camden Court-House late yesterday afternoon. There are no gunboats or troops on teh Pasquotank. Citizens represent that there is a regiment of mounted infantry (State troops) in the counties bordering upon the Pasquotank. Captain Roberts' men, with few exceptions, have pistols only. His situation at South Mills is precarious, unless supported by infantry.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 9, 1863-3. 10 p. m.

(Received 6. 30 a. m., 10th).

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have the honor to report that General George H. Gordon's division, ordered here en route for South Carolina, has arrived. In order to water and ration the sea transports, the men were landed at Newport News. This, in addition to the above reason, was considered desirable, in order to deceive any possible spy of teh enemy as to the destination of the troops. The First Brigade is now embarking on sea transports, and will sail this evening. General Potter, who was sent to ascertain what he could concerning the late destruction of light-houses on the coast, has returned. He established guards at Smith's Island, Hog Island, and Cherrystone. The result of his inquiries indicates that the destroying party were landed from sailing vessels lying off the lights. The character of the sailing whether sea-going or from the bay, could not be ascertained. The destroying party returned to their vessels and so could not be overtaken and punished by General Potter.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 10, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Headquarters Defenses:

The following extract from the report of General Pleasonton is respectfully transmitted, for the information of Major-General Heintzelman, by direction of the major-general commanding:

He (General Kilpatrick) further reports that scouts report that number of deserters from General King's command, and the commands at Fairfax and Manassas, are joining Mosby for the purpose of plunder. It is thought some of Mosby's men are in the commands referred to, in the character of spies, influencing our men to desert.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

