
General Wistar to command at Yorktown at present. I make this explanation in order that you may have an opportunity to express your wishes, which will be fully carried out.

The organization of colored troops is progressing well. They are now hard at work on the fortifications. The white troops being much broken down by sickness, cannot the Baltimore regiment be ordered down at once? I actually need it at Yorktown, where the regiments are very much enfeebled by sickness.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON,

September 25, 1863-7. 40 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER:

Your telegram has been received. I am reluctant to interfere with any arrangement of yours, but for several controlling reasons it is more important to place General Barnes in command at Norfolk and Portsmouth than any other arrangement. I shall therefore desire you to assign him to that command when he reports for duty.

The Baltimore colored regiment is under orders to report to you, and I had supposed it had reached you by this time.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 25, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

The President directs that when you take your leave of absence you will turn over your command to Brigadier General Erastus B. Tyler, who is assigned to the command of the Middle Department during your temporary absence. *

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, VA., September 25, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of telegram from Captain John E. Graham, provost-marshal at Drummondtown, relative to the action of guerrillas. I have placed a gun on a transport and sent a company of soldiers to endeavor to capture this band, and to take the needful steps to protect Hog Island Light. The counties of Accomac and Northampton not being in my department, I scarcely feel authorized to place permanent garrisons there, and so only act in the emergency. If deemed proper to place these counties in my command, I will endeavor to prevent any future trouble from guerrillas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Brigadier General E. B. Tyler assumed command, under this order, September 28.

---------------

