
second [Virginia] Regiment, which was at Seneca yesterday morning. All quiet at Parsons' Mills. Jenkins' force is either going to Jones, to Elkwater road, via Back Creek, or to Sutton. I think these men on my right belong to Imboden.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Clarksburg, September 26, 1863.

His Excellency A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor of West Virginia:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to inform you that from information which I deem reliable, it is evident that Jenkins, Jackson, and Imboden are either contemplating a combined movement into West Virginia in force, or that they intend sending small detachments and guerrilla bands into the different counties at the same time, for the purpose of destroying the railroads, and capturing and destroying the public stores and property, as well as stealing horses, robbing stores, and plundering and murdering the people.

I respectfully suggest that you issue a proclamation to the people to be on the alert, calling on the militia to organize and arm, and be ready to assemble and move to any point threatened at the shortest possible notice. I do not desire to alarm the people by this action. Indeed, there is no necessity for unnecessary alarm. My object is to put the people on their guard and have them ready to repel the invader whenever or wherever he may show himself.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 26, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

No change of department lines can be made now, but the Secretary of War directs that you take all necessary measures to prevent the operations of guerrillas in the counties of Northampton and Accomac. Any garrisons you may temporarily place there will remain under your command. Operate wherever necessary, without regard to arbitrary department lines.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 27, 1863-7 p. m. (Received 8 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Two deserters came in yesterday, one last evening. When they left A. P. Hill's corps was in position behind the Rapidan. One of

