
the deserters belonged to Mahone's brigade, Anderson's division, Hill's corps. I will apprise you of the earliest intelligence of any further detachment by Lee, and will make every effort to ascertain it at the earliest moment.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 27, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff:

Your note has just been handed to me. The regiments sent to relieve General Kilpatrick's were the Sixth and Ninth New York. They have not been heard from since they started yesterday morning. I have not looked for a report from them yet. Major Beveridge pickets from Richards' to Morton's with 500 men from the First Brigade. He reports all quiet on his line; no cavalry, but infantry and artillery. The rebels are still digging.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SEPARATE BRIGADE,Beverly, September 27, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding Department:

Thirty-five rebels camped on Middle Ridge, about 3 miles west of here, last night. They are on their way to the pike. I am trying to catch them. Jenkins was on the move yesterday, 11 a. m., from Crab Bottom toward the pike. A rebel scout told his sister at Huttonsville, night before last, that this post would be attacked within four days. I have good scouts on the road. Have captured two of enemy's scouts, one other wounded and captured. If line remains open, you had better send anything important in cipher.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 28, 1863.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report all quiet to-day along the whole length of my picket line, extending from Morton's Ford to the Lacy House. At Morton's the rebels have a large infantry picket, and they are digging like beavers at Germanna. They have thrown up nine earth-works and have them connected, and are still intrenching. A few miles below Fredericksburg they cross at will in small boats.

