
SEPTEMBER 29, 1863.

Major-General NEWTON,

Commanding First Corps:

By direction of the major-general commanding, I transmit herewith a copy of the instructions given to Major-General Slocum upon his taking up the position on the Rapidan with the Twelfth Corps* which you now occupy with the First Corps. These instructions are intended for your government. The position in front of Culpeper Court-House, which it is intended you shall take up in a certain contingency, has been designated on the ground to the staff officer sent by you for that purpose.

In reference to the movement of your artillery to the rear under the circumstances stated by you, the major-general commanding considers that the roads to Culpeper Court-House should be at once prepared by working parties at those points where heavy rains would render them difficult for the passage of artillery.

In the contingency you anticipate, however, the major-general commanding directs me to say that the enemy would find the same difficulty in bringing forward their artillery that you would in withdrawing yours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,September 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

The commanding general directs that, unless you have already done so, you withdraw your force from Watery Mountain. He also wishes that, if you have sufficient force for the purpose, you send an occasional scout toward Amissville, as it is reported that the rebels have two regiments of North Carolina cavalry near that place.

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORKTOWN,

September 29, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER:

Have seen Captain Gillis. I have 434 infantry for duty here. Cannot spare any from Williamsburg. I can use about 300 cavalry for a short expedition, if I had the troops. I think a regiment of infantry should take position at Gloucester Court-House, with battery and 200 cavalry at the Isthmus of Matthews County, with gunboat adjacent at head of North River, while 200 cavalry scoured Matthews County, with another gunboat and transport at the court-house to bring them off if retreat by land should be intercepted. Will write fully by mail.

I have not enough available infantry.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See page 197.

---------------

