
MITCHELL'S,

October 1, 1863.

Captain NORTON:

Rebel message from rebel signal station:

General STUART:

Gregg is at Catlett's Station.

FITZ. LEE,

General.

WM. H. R. NEEL,

Lieutenant, Signal Officer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 264. October 1, 1863.

* * * * *

3. Howe's division, Sixth Corps, is assigned to duty on the railroad for the defense of the bridges at Bristoe, Catlett's, and Rappahannock Stations a brigade at each bridge, with a battery of artillery with each, to be furnished from the Reserve Artillery. General Gregg's cavalry at Rappahannock, Catlett's, and Bristoe Stations will be relieved by General Howe's infantry. General Gregg's headquarters will be near Bealeton Station, with a portion of one of his brigades of cavalry. He will keep up a force at Kettle Run Bridge and small detachments at the small bridges and culverts, and will patrol the railroad. General Howe's headquarters will be at Cattlett's. In conjunction with the cavalry, he will protect the railroad. General Gregg will keep him advised of any movement of the enemy, and will co-operate with him. The movement of Howe's division and artillery will be made during the night as far as Rappahannock Station, so as to be concealed from the observation of the enemy. General Howe will have rifle-pits and other defensive works thrown up by each brigade. General Howe's division will be supplied from Alexandria. General Gregg will send a brigade of cavalry to Hartwood, to relieve Buford's brigade in picketing the Rappahannock River.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 1, 1863.

Circular to Chiefs of Artillery of Corps:

The allowance of wagons for the artillery brigades is as follows:

For headquarters of brigade, 1 wagon for baggage, 1 wagon for forage and supplies, 1 wagon for sales to officers, and 1 wagon for hospital stores.

For each battery of four guns, 4 wagons for baggage, rations, forage, &amp;c., and for each six-gun battery, 5 wagons, being 1 to each battery in addition to the number heretofore authorized.

You will please have the necessary requisitions made out. This to enable each battery to transport six days' forage in the wagons.

By command of General Hunt:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

16 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

