
of General Buford's division. One regiment of your brigade will remain at Kettle Run, to protect the bridge at that point and to patrol the railroad to Bristoe Station. You will establish the headquarters of your brigade at Hartwood Church, and so dispose your regiments as most effectually to guard the several fords on the river. Division headquarters and the Second Brigade will be at Bealeton, and from that station you will draw supplies for your brigade. Should any attempt be made to cross a rebel cavalry force at any point on your line, or should you discover that a crossing had been effected below Falmouth for the same purpose, you will at once communicate the fact to me. The brigades of infantry will probably relieve you today.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 2, 1863-7. 10 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs that you relieve the guard of lightboat at Smith's Point from your command, and send the guard now there to its regiment at Harper's Ferry. This post will hereafter be considered in your department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE,

October 2, 1863-12. 45 p. m.

General WISTAR:

Your plan is approved. To-morrow 450 cavalry will come up on transports, which vessels can also be used to re-embark them when needed. Three army gunboats will also come under Major Stevenson, who will report to you. Arrange with Captain Gillis, U. S. Navy, so as also to have the co-operation of the navy gunboats. Everything must be ready to start on Sunday morning. Secrecy in your preparations must be carefully observed. I desire that you will, if your health permits, go in command, so that the expedition may be a success.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., October 2, 1863.

Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I returned last evening from a tour of inspection. The fortifications at Washington and Plymouth have been pushed very rapidly during the last month.

