
move, and I could not get attention. At 3. 15 p. m. I saw the flag of Captain Gloskoski calling at the ford of Robertson's River, where General Kilpatrick's division was recrossing under fire of the enemy, enemy having pressed General Kilpatrick to the river. Received message from General Kilpatrick to General Pleasonton, but was unable to dispatch it to Pony Mountain until dark for the reason given in regard to delay of message through Captain Paine.

On the 24th, 5 p. m., established communication with Captain Castle on Cedar Mountain, through whom messages from this station to headquarters are sent whenever the state of the atmosphere precludes the possibility of direct communication with Pony Mountain.

On the 27th, communication opened with Captain Gloskoski, General Kilpatrick's headquarters, near Culpeper. On the 29th, communication opened with Captain Gloskoski, General Kilpatrick's headquarters, 4 miles northeast from this mountain, who reported that General Kilpatrick was desirous of being informed by signal from here of any demonstration of the enemy along his picket line.

During my occupation of Thoroughfare Mountain no important movements of the enemy have been discovered. From a ledge of rocks on the east side of the mountain, where my station proper is established, Orange Court-House and Rapidan Station and their vicinities are distinctly visible with ordinary atmosphere. The greater portion of enemy's lines between Rapidan Station and Raccoon Ford is hidden from our view by the intervention of Cedar Mountain. Besides keeping a close watch from the ledge before mentioned on the enemy's camp around Orange Court-House, and his cavalry forces between Rapidan and Robertson's Rivers, two telescopic reconnaissances are made each day, morning and evening, toward Madison Court-House from a clear space on the west side of the mountain. As yet no forces of the enemy have been discovered in this latter direction.

I would commend Second Lieutenant W. H. Warts for strict attention to duty; though a new and inexperienced officer, he reads signals as well as many of the old officers of the corps.

Herewith I forward copies of messages sent and received by this set in the month of September. Also copies of messages sent and received by me in the month of August.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain, and Signal Officer.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 3, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Referring to my communication of September 22, I now have the honor to forward for your information an extract of letter from General Peck, showing that Weldon is being strongly fortified, and that the rebels are in strong defensive position in North Carolina.

I also have the honor to inform you that Irwin Johnson, a native of Wilmington, and a deserter from the rebel army, lately stationed at Smith's Island Light-House, says that he had been employed

