
routes which may be used for similar purposes by the corps in the vicinity of Culpeper Court-House.

Nothing should be taken to the front that cannot be got out of the way with facility and rapidity.

A copy of the instructions furnished General Slocum in the position adjoining General Warren is sent for your general guidance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 4, 1863.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Major-General Sedgwick has been directed to relieve the Second Corps with the Sixth Corps.

The Second Corps has been directed to take post on the heights in rear of Culpeper Court-House, extending across the railroad, as soon as it is relieved.

There will be no force of infantry, therefore, in the vicinity of Stone-House Mountain after to-morrow.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

SIGNAL DEPT, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 4, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS:

The following dispatches have just been received, and are respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general:

CEDAR MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

October 4, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

All quiet at sunset. Enemy's signals report "all quiet. " Yesterday enemy planted a color in one of their works near Raccoon Ford. They are strengthening their works every day between Rapidan Station and Morton's Ford. General F. Lee has his headquarters down the river; I think at or near Halstead's house. General Ewell is somewhere in rear of Clark's Mountain. General Steuart's headquarters can be seen from this station. We have Captain Frayser's station (chief signal officer Stuart's cavalry) in view. Also stations which communicate with Ewell, Early, and F. Lee.

I do not think that General R. E. Lee has been here for a week. The fords as far up the Rapidan as I can see are pretty strongly picketed, with at least a regiment of infantry at each. Stuart's cavalry, with exception of Fitz. Lee's division, lies between Rapidan Station and Madison Court-House. The enemy appeared to be quite short of rations, as in answer to the inquiry, "When do you expect the men's rations," a cavalry colonel replied, "God only knows. "

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

