
from the general commanding division, to examine the upper road from Culpeper to Madison Court-House.

A squadron of the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, commanded by Captain Boon, went out yesterday at 5 p. m., and have just returned. They found a vedette of the enemy's cavalry about 2 miles this side of the river, who fell back and crossed the river on their approach. A strong picket was observed on the south bank. This road turns to the right from the Culpeper Court-House and James City road, about 1 1/2 miles this side of James City, and then runs to Robertson's River in a direction nearly west, somewhat winding, but preserving that line throughout. The road is very bad, narrow, stony, and much washed by the late rains. There are no streams of any size to cross, but many small runs. It is thickly wounded on each side for almost its entire length, with occasional cleared fields at long intervals.

The road, in the opinion of the officer commanding the expedition, is impassable for artillery, and in many places cavalry can only get through it marching by file. The distance to the river from the point of intersection with the James City road is 10 miles. The bank of the river on this side is higher than on the other, but is thickly wooded and rocky, and gives no opportunity for placing artillery in position to advantage. The access to, and egress from, the ford is good, and the ford itself is good and easy. The southerly bank of the river is slightly the lower, but there is on the right an excellent position for artillery on cleared land that would enfilade a crossing, and difficult of approach by reason of a run that falls into Robertson's River just at the ford.

I have the report that all is quiet this morning along my pickets.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 5, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

The only information I have bearing upon your inquiry is, that the rebels have evacuated the counties of Greenbrier and Pocahontas. Supposed to re-enforced Jones, but possibly to re-enforce Lee.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 5, 1863-10 a. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Clarksburg, W. Va.:

General Lockwood will take the First Regiment Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, and report for orders to the commanding officer of the Middle Department, at Baltimore.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

