
toward their superiors or others in the military service; and all publications relative to transactions between officers of a private or personal nature, whether newspaper, pamphlet, or handbill, are strictly prohibited.

This regulation has hitherto, to a certain extent, been practically disregarded in this army, but recent occurrences* make it uncumbent upon the commanding general to insist upon a rigid observance of its requirements; and that there may be no misunderstanding upon the subject, it is declared that meetings or combination among officers or men for the purpose of expressing their regard for their superiors or others in the military service, in the way of presentations, or their disapprobation of the acts of their superiors or others in the military service, by resolutions, will be consider as violations of the regulation and noticed accordingly. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 7, 1863-12 m. (Received 12. 25 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Two deserters who came in yesterday from different parts of the Confederate army, each state that a rumor was prevalent in their regiments that a part, say, a division, of A. P. Hill's corps has been sent to the southwest within a week past. About that time unusual stir with railroad trains was noted by our pickets.

I have sent out scouts, the return of whom I am hourly expecting, who will give me some positive information, which will be at once transmitted.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 7, 1863-3. 45 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

The Secretary of War directs me to inquire whether, if a part of A. P. Hill's corp has gone west, a portion of your army cannot be spared; and if so, what corps?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 7, 1863-4. 30 p. m. (Received 6. 10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The reduction of this army is a question dependent entirely on the duty that is expected of it. If it is expected that the threat-

---------------

*See Meade to Halleck, September 24, 1863.

---------------

