HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 8, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK, Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the indications you have reported of a movement of the enemy to our right are confirmed by intercepted rebel dispatches of last evening, and that measures have been taken to meet the movement by the cavalry on our right, and by advancing a division of infantry to James City this morning.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

FIRST CORPS, October 8, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The following report has just been received from Brigadier-General Cutler, commanding First Division:

Lieutenant-Colonel KINGSBURY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The lookout on my left reports that about 2 o'clock this p. m. the enemy's camp opposite my left was broken up, and that the troops moved in the direction of Raccoon Ford.

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

Very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 8, [1863]-5. 45 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK, Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to transmit the for your information the following intercepted dispatch, transmitted to these headquarters by General Newton, and requests that you will have inquiry made as to whether any communication has been made to the enemy's pickets by officers of your corps upon the subject of the dispatch or any other.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

FIRST CORPS, October 8, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to transmit for your information the following rebel message intercepted from Clark's Mountain by Lieutenants Wiggins and Camp, signal officers:

Brigadier-General LEE:

The First Corps pickets from the north of Cedar Run down. This has been ascertained from the field officer of the day of the corps, who called for our officer of the day to make arrangements about picket firing. I think the Sixth Corps has pickets above the mouth of Cedar Run.

EARLY,

General.

Very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General of Volunteers.

