
FORT MONROE, VA., October 8, 1863-8 p. m.

(Received 8. 15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Major Mulford, in charge of the flag-of-truce boat, who has a good opportunity to gain information while at City Point, has informed me that on his last visit he saw and heard enough to convince him that the enemy are still sending troops to Bragg, with the determination of holding General Rosecrans in check, if not defeating him.

Jeff. Davis left Richmond for the southwest day before yesterday. Everything indicates a determination to endeavor to regain their lost ground in East Tennessee. They despair of being able to take Chattanooga, but expect to harass the rear of General Rosecrans, and to defeat him if he attacks them. They are, or pretend to be, nervous lest General Rosecrans should not attack.

The attack on the Ironsides in Charleston Harbor was connected with some torpedo arrangement, the exact nature of which could not be ascertained. It did not meet with success.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 9, 1863-6. 30 a. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

The commanding general directs that your order General Gregg to concentrate as rapidly as possible and march day and night until he reaches Culpeper Court-House. He will leave one regiment aid General Terry in guarding the railroad.

General Kilpatrick will be directed to watch the Madison Court-House and Woodville road, as well as the roads leading to Culpeper Court-House which he now watches, and if the enemy moves in force on the Woodsville road he will attack him and impede his progress to the utmost.

General Buford will, as soon as possible, force a passage at Germanna Ford, pursue the enemy, and endeavor to uncover Morton's Ford, communicating with General Newton, commanding First Corps, who is instructed to force a passage there also. This being effected, he will continue to follow the enemy, reporting his progress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

Concentrate your command at Culpeper Court-House as rapidly as possible, marching by night and day. Leave one regiment to aid General Terry, defending the railroad. Bring in your pickets. Acknowledge receipt of this dispatch at once.

By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

