
FIRST ARMY CORPS,

October 9, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following just received:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel KINGSBURRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Army Corps:

SIR: Reveille was sounded in the rebel camps in my front at 3. 30 o'clock this morning. From the top of Stone-House Mountain no camps can be discovered in my front. The picket line directly in my front is very much weakened. The enemy seem to move southwest. Whether they are falling back or concentrating to our right, or moving for the Shenandoah, of course I have no means of judging. Not only the tents and men, but most of the smokes have disappeared opposite Morton's Ford. I have an officer on the mountains, and will report any further discoveries. Trains as well as men moved southwest.

Yours, respectfully,

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The general officer of the day reports the enemy's lines opposite are remarkably quiet. Says no cannon are to be seen in the earth-works. Officer of Second Division reports that no reveille was heard this morning, and that pickets are fewer than ordinary. Have sent staff officers to see. The Second Division is on the right of my line.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

The rebels, except their pickets, have all gone away from our front. Everything is quiet this morning where usually they held forth for two or three hours at a time. One of Company K's corporals went down to the rebel reserve picket last night unperceived and overheard the conversation, which was to the effect that the Yankees would soon find out if many more troops were taken away from here; that three of Ewell's brigades went away to Bragg yesterday, and that it was the determination of Davis to re-enforce Bragg with every man he had.

D. J. HYNES,

Captain, &amp;c.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The enemy are reported to be moving in heavy force from Madison Court-House. The general directs that you have your whole command under arms and send the same force to Criglersville you had before.

Very respectfully,

L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

