HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,October 9, 1863.

Brigadier General H. E. DAVIES, Jr.,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The enemy have halted about 2 miles from Madison Court-House, toward Orange Court-House, and have gone into camp. The general commanding division directs me to say that you will go into camp as usual, observing, however, the greatest caution and vigilance on the river.

I am, general, very respectfully,

L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION CAVALRY CORPS,October 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General CUSTER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The enemy are reported to be moving in heavy force from the direction of Madison Court-House.

The general commanding directs that you will use the greatest vigilance along your picket line on the river, and keep your command supplied with two days' rations and one day's forage, and hold yourself ready to move at short notice.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIRST ARMY CORPS,

October 9, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

The indications are that the enemy evacuating from their right toward their left. No change at Somersville Ford. So far as seen two guns are at Somerville Ford.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

FIRST ARMY CORPS,

October 19, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

The following from Lieutenant Carrington, my aide-de-camp, received:

Appearance indicate that Colonel Prey's report is correct. No guns are in sight opposite the church. The batteries opposite the church have been removed. Not more than 5 of the enemy are in sight besides the picket. The picket line is about as usual. I see a regiment at Somerville Ford moving to the rear: at least 150 men.

Part of Colonel Prey's report was telegraphed you as the general officer of the day. The enemy's batteries in the vicinity of Racoon Ford, above and below, have been removed. The enemy's troop have been seen filing back over the hills.

This postscript is from the information of two staff officers whom I sent down there to investigate after hearing from the picket.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

