
river, and, with Newton, co-operate with you in the execution of your orders. General Newton will inform you of his passage of the river. You will hold your corps in readiness to move. Concentrate it as soon as you learn that Newton has crossed, and endeavor to cross at such point as you may deem best, Newton with the First Corps and Buford with his cavalry co-operating with you. In the event of your being successful, General newton has been ordered to take position on the heights opposite the railroad crossing of the Rapidan, while the cavalry follows the enemy toward Orange Court-House. You will take up a position in conjunction with him. You will keep the major-general commanding advised of your movements, and keep in communication with General Newton.

Additional information received shows that the enemy is either falling back or moving to turn our right flank.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I think there has been a mistake in the report that the enemy's pickets have been relieved by cavalry on the left. I have just received the report of the field officer of the day on the left, stating that the enemy's pickets have not been relieved by cavalry. This is to correct the statement of another officer of the pickets.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 9, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, Rappahannock Station:

The major-general commanding directs that you leave Colonel Spaulding with 200 enlisted men at Rappahannock Station in charge of twenty-three of the pontoons and equipage now at that place. You will, with the remainder of your command and the remainder of the pontoons, proceed with all possible dispatch to Washington, and there prepare pontoons and equipage and obtain the animals to stranport the same so as to have sufficient number of boats to build two bridges across the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg. You will make these preparations with the utmost dispatch and hold yourself ready to proceed by water to Aquia Creek Landing and cross from there to the vicinity of Falmouth.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1863-9 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The picket officer on the right reports that the enemy's pickets in his front have not been relieved by cavalry.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

18 R R- VOL XXIX, PT II

