
prove to be erroneous, and the commanding general desires that you will exercise prudence in the operations to be conducted by you, and not make unnecessary sacrifice in attempting to cross the river should the enemy show himself in strong force, or, in the ulterior operations, should he be found in superior force and position. Care will be taken to keep open communication with the rear.

The ammunition trains should not be taken across the river, but arrangements made to take ammunition to the front by pack mules from the fords. Major-General Newton will communicate which of the fords proves to be the most advantageous for Major-General Sykes to cross at, whether Morton's or Raccoon Ford, or any other, according to the circumstances then existing.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to General Sedgwick.)

OCTOBER 9, 1863-11. 15 p. m.

The following dispatch will be sent to General Sykes at daylight at the station where General Newton's headquarters now are.

A. A. H. [HUMPHREYS.]

Major-General SYKES,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that when you arrive in the vicinity of General Newton's headquarters, as specified, you be prepared to move across the Rapidan by Morton's Ford or by Raccoon Ford, and make yourself acquainted with the routes by which these fords are best approached. Your ammunition trains will not cross the river, but will be left near the fords, and arrangements will be made to take forward such infantry ammunition as may be required by pack mules from the fords.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 9, 1863.

Corps commanders will at once have their commands in readiness to move at very short notice.

The five days' rations heretofore directed to be carried in knapsacks will be immediately issued and placed in the knapsacks.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Addressed to commanding officers First Corps, Second Corps, Third Corps, Fifth Corps, and Sixth Corps, and provost-marshal-general.)
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 9, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: I have received two telegrams, one notifying me General Sykes was to be sent down to my present headquarters, another

