
little advantage of either party. However, I leave that matter to your own discretion.
General Meade telegraphed last night that Lee's army was in motion, but with what object he did not yet know. Possibly an engagement may follow. If I get important information from that quarter it will be telegraphed to you. I wish I had an additional force to send you, for I am confident you would give it some employment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 10, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

When King Joseph wrote to Napoleon that he could not ascertain the position and strength of the enemy's army the Emperor replied: "Attack him and you will soon find out. " Telegrams from the west say that additional troops from Lee's army are arriving there.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1863-12 noon.

(Received 12. 40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram of 10. 30 received. Orders were last night given for a division of cavalry to cross at Germanna Ford and the two infantry corps on the river were ordered to cross as soon as the cavalry had effected the passage on their left. No intelligence has yet been received from the cavalry at Germanna. On my right, the enemy's cavalry, in force, have crossed Robertson's river, from Madison Court-House, and are now engaged with my cavalry. Every indication would lead to the conclusion that the enemy's cavalry attacking me are supported by a large force of infantry, and there are some reasons to believe there is a movement into the Shenandoah Valley. As yet matters are undeveloped, but I am quite positive no troops have left Lee's army for the West, unless so very recently as to have precluded the possibility of their arrival there being announced by telegraph.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON,

October 10, 1863-4. 55 p. m.

General MEADE:

Am interested with your dispatch of noon. How is it now?

A. LINCOLN.

