
OCTOBER 10, 1863-5. 30 p. m.
(Received 5. 50 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy have succeeded with their cavalry in forcing back my cavalry and infantry support, and seizing Thoroughfare Mountain, on which was posted my signal officer. This has enabled them to cover their flank movement.

From a deserter and prisoners I learn that A. P. Hill's whole corps and part of Ewell's are turning my right flank, moving from Madison Court-House to Sperryville. Long wagon trains and beef cattle accompany the column. I have no news from the cavalry on my left, although firing has been heard in that direction. As it will be impossible for me to maintain my present position with so considerable a force of the enemy threatening my rear and communications, I shall, to-night, withdraw to the north side of the Rappahannock, and endeavor, by means of the cavalry, to find out what the enemy propose. My belief now is that his movements are offensive.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-1. 45 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

Dispatch is received. No change is deemed necessary in the instructions.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-9 a. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy are moving toward our right from Madison Court-House, and directs that you place your corps in position to meet an attack from the direction of James City and from the direction of the Sperryville pike. The division of your corps at James City, if obliged to retire by superior numbers, will fall back to the position now indicated for your corps. General Sykes has advanced to where General Newton's headquarters were yesterday, but will be withdrawn to his position in front of Culpeper in the event of its being necessary. The Second Corps will co-operate with you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 10, [1863]-8 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The inclosed communication was just received.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

