
[Inclosure.]

MITCHELL'S FORD, RAPPAHANNOCK RIVER,

October 10, 1863-6. 30 a. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I overtook General Buford's command at 5. 30 p. m. He was marching in the direction of Morton's Ford, but, owing to the darkness and slight skirmishing, was word to you last night. The roads to the fords were blockaded, and it would have been dangerous to send an orderly.

I will remain with the general to-day, and will inform you from time to time how he gets along. He captured 65 prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICHOLAS NOLAN,

Lieutenant, Sixth U. S. Cavalry.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-9 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy is moving from Madison Court-House upon our right. It is not yet ascertained whether this is a movement of their whole army upon our flank. Should it prove to be so, the whole army will be concentrated around Culpeper Court-House. You will, therefore, hold yourself in readiness to move at a moment's notice bank to Culpeper. General Newton will, in such event, place himself in the position heretofore indicated for him, on the left of the Fifth Corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 10, [1863]-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General CALDWELL,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you place the Second Corps in position immediately to meet an advance of the enemy from the direction of Sperryville, and co-operate with General French, who is ordered to meet the advance of the enemy from the direction of James City, and from the Sperryville road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy are moving toward our right from Madison Court-House, and directs that you place your corps in position to meet an attack from the direction of James City and from the direction of the Sperryville pike. The division of your corps at James City, if obliged to retire by superior numbers, will fall back to the position now indicated for your corps.

