HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1863-10. 15 a. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Army Corps:

It is intended by the major-general commanding that your line of battle be formed near to, and in part on that selected by you some time since, your left being in connection with the right of the Fifth Corps, which corps will return to its position as soon as the full character of the enemy's movements is developed, if it should prove to be an advance of his army on our right flank.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]- The position of your division on the Sperryville pike, referred to in the dispatch, is not well known to the commanding general. You call it the Second Division, which is General Prince's, now near James City.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

[October 10, 1863.]

General HUMPHREYS:

Prince's old camp, his left at Pendleton's, is the position of the Second Division referred to. I have a strong position, but about a mile from Stone-House Mountain, which commands the Sperryville road. That point is too salient for our line. It would not do to occupy it, as it can be turned on either side easily.

WM. H. FRENCH.

[P. S.]- I should like a staff officer from general headquarters to see the disposition.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1863-5. 50 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH:

The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw General Prince as soon as it is dark, and be prepared with your corps to make a night march.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, &amp;c.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-10. 20 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

General Prince has just sent in an aide to report that the enemy crossed this morning; that he sent a regiment to support the cavalry (One hundred and twentieth New York); that it was deployed as skirmishers, and charged by the enemy, and nearly all captured. He reports himself in a good position.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding Third Corps.

