
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 10, 1863-4 p. m.

Trains, excepting ammunition and ambulance, will at once fall back to beyond Rappahannock Station, along the two roads adjoining the railroad and along the road to Kelly's Ford.

On the north side of the road: First, the Third Corps trains; second, the fifth Corps trains.

On the road south side of the railroad: First, the Second Corps trains; second, the Sixth Corps trains; third, Reserve Artillery.

By Kelly's Ford, the First Corps trains.

The depot of Culpeper will be broken up and moved back to Bealeton.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-4. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you fall back to your former position on the Stevensburg road as soon as it is dark. Report your arrival at former position. Your trains, except ammunition and ambulances, have been directed to move to Kelly's Ford. General Sedgwick has been ordered to move back at the same time you move and occupy the position on the left of Sykes.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that as soon as it is dark you fall back and take position on the left of the Fifth Corps, on the ground that General Newton was directed to occupy in the event of falling back. It is in front of Culpeper, and extends from the vicinity of General Sykes' old headquarters (Green's house) to the left of the railroad, as far as the ridge runs. General Newton is directed to fall back at the same hour to his former position on the Stevensburg road. Report your arrival. Your trains have been ordered back to beyond Rappahannock Station.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-6 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your dispatch just received, that the position to which you are to fall back is the same as that which you occupied when you moved to relieve General Slocum. You are to withdraw pickets and everything. Your trains are probably already in motion toward Kelly's Ford, to which point you will also probably withdraw to-night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

