
OCTOBER 10, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that, instead of halting in front of Culpeper Court-House and taking position in connection with the Fifth Corps, you pass to this side of Culpeper Court-House and Mountain Run, and mass on the south side of the railroad, so as to be in position to move to-morrow morning at about 3 o'clock. Orders for the march will be sent you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 10, [1863]-9. 35 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: In the event of our moving back, would not it be advisable to destroy the railroad bridge across Cedar Run, and even take up some of the rails, destroy the ties, &amp;c.? The pickets report the same picket line opposite.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 10, [1863]-9. 45 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: In consequence of information received, you will place the brigade now with you in position on the Sperryville road to watch the enemy and support Kilpatrick against any movement of the enemy's cavalry on his right. Send me early and frequent reports concerning the enemy.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 10, 1863-10 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that upon reaching Rappahannock Station your corps will be massed and held in readiness to move, until the covering corps arrive, so that in the event of its being required in the rear, it will be available.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 10, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow, October 11, 1863:

1. The Third Corps will move to the ford on the Hazel River on the road it followed in the march to Culpeper Court-House, and from thence to Sulphur Springs, and take position on the Rappahannock in that vicinity, extending toward Freeman's Ford; will take the eight pontoons to use in crossing the rivers, if it should prove necessary.

