
2. The Second Corps will move along the north side of the railroad to Rappahannock Station, crossing the Rappahannock on the pontoon bridge above the railroad bridge, and move up to Freeman's Ford, and take position there, extending in the direction of Beverly Ford.

3. The Sixth Corps will move on the south side of the railroad crossing at Rappahannock Station, extending toward Kelly's Ford.

4. The Fifth Corps will move on the north side of the railroad crossing the Rappahannock by the pontoon bridge above the railroad bridge, and take position between Rappahannock Station and Beverly Ford.

5. The First Corps will move to Kelly's Ford and cross the river at that place on a bridge to be laid to-night, taking position at that ford, and extending toward the Sixth Corps at Rappahannock Station, the two corps communicating.

5 1/2. The Artillery Reserve will move as soon as the trains have cleared the road on the south side of the railroad. General Tyler will keep himself advised of the movements of trains, and will so arrange his movements as not to embarrass or delay the march of the troops.

6. Corps commanders will take precaution to have their troops march alongside of the roads, so that the roads may be clear for the movement of artillery and trains.

7. The movement will be commenced simultaneously at 3 a. m. by the Second Corps, the Sixth Corps, and the First Corps.

8. The Fifth and Third Corps, in conjunction with the cavalry, will cover the withdrawal of the army, and with this object, will not move until the other corps have cleared the road. The Third Corps will cover the Sperryville road, and the Fifth Corps the approach from Rapidan Station, and will withdraw simultaneously. general Gregg will move to Sulphur Springs by the Rixeyville road, moving at the same time as the Third Corps. General Kilpatrick will move along the line of railroad in rear of the Fifth Corps.

9. The headquarters will be in the vicinity of Smith's or Bowen's house, near Rappahannock Station.

10. Corps commanders will see that their ammunition wagons and ambulances precede their troops, and hold the latter well in hand, so as to be prepared to meet the advance of the enemy, should he follow the army.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to all commanders.)

[OCTOBER 10, 1863. - For abstract from tri-monthly return of the Army of the Potomac, see Part I, p. 226.]
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., October 10, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: I have received a communication from General Wessells, of the 7th, the only one since the one of the 4th, in which he

