
mentioned rumors of troops in the direction of South Mills in search of conscripts. He reports that Colonel Hinton, of Pasquotank County, is authorized by Governor Vance to force into service all persons liable to military duty; that he is accompanied by a medical officer and by a force of militia, &amp;c., for enforcing the conscription. The general says he has sent the gunboat Southfield to Edenton, and the Underwriter up the Chowan to cruise from Dillard's farm to Winton, &c. He also sent the Massasoit, with 100 infantry, to Edenton or such other points as may seem proper. He adds that he has reported this action to the commanding general at Norfolk. Hearing nothing from the commanding general at Norfolk, or from your headquarters respecting the matter, I conclude it was one of the reports so common in rebeldom. I will have some cavalry ready to go to Elizabeth City, in case the information may warrant.

In haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., October 10, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Since my letter of this afternoon, I have thought it advisable to send a force to Elizabeth city, with a view to overawe rebel leaders in that vicinity, and to break up any arrangements that Colonel Hinton, or others, may make for enforcing the conscription. Colonel Mix goes in a few hours with 300 cavalry and a section of Belger's battery. He has particular instructions to protect our friends. His unexpected appearance will create much excitement, and I hope for large results.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, October 10, 1863.

Colonel MIX:

You will proceed with 300 cavalry of the Third New York and of Mix's new regiment and a section of Belger's battery to Elizabeth City, N. C., to-night by transports, which the chief quartermaster has been ordered to provide. Your command will have not less than seven days' rations, a proper supply of ammunition, and will be accompanied by a suitable number of medical attendants.

It having been reported that Colonel Hinton is raising a regiment of conscripts in Pasquotank and the adjacent counties, and endeavoring by all means in his power to enforce the rebel conscription law, you will endeavor to ascertain the truth of these representations, and, if possible, break up his operations and disperse his camp. A rumor is in circulation that a force of militia has moved from the Blackwater in the direction of South Mills, where we are supposed to have a cavalry force from Norfolk, for the purpose of watching our forces in that vicinity and preventing any interference with Colonel Hinton. General Wessells has sent one or two gunboats to Edenton, on one of which is a body of infantry.

