
You will probably find one of our gunboats in the Pasquotank, and it should move with you to Elizabeth City to cover your base of operations. On passing Roanoke Island you will be able to ascertain if there is a boat in Pasquatank. If there is none, you will take the Bombshell with you for the purpose indicated, with the understanding that upon your returns the Bombshell shall go back to the station where you find her.

Lieutenant Stirling, aide-de-camp, is sent this evening by the John Farron to Plymouth, to apprise General Wessells of your movement upon Elizabeth City and its objects. General Wessells has been requested to confer with you and to afford such co-operation as may be practicable.

You will send frequent reports marked "important," by way of Roanoke Island, to be dispatched by the earliest opportunity. On your way up make arrangements at Roanoke for forwarding dispatches in such a way that should their importance require it, they may be sent by a special boat. In case you meet with reverse or serious embarrassments, it will be well to let General Wessells know it. In case of extremity you may send to Roanoke Island for one or two companies temporarily. Much is intrusted to your own discretion, by which you will be guided in unforeseen developments. I write by General Peck's direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., October 10, 1863.

Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Va. and N. C.:

The rebel War Department has just made two departments of North Carolina. Wilmington and the region of Cape Fear is placed under command of General W. H. C. Whiting, the remainder is assigned to the command of Major General George E. Pickett.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., October 10, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Mr. James G. Bryan came in under a flag yesterday from Kinston, where he has been since General Branch evacuated New Berne. He says Branch gave orders to burn the town, as 40,000 Yankees were coming and would burn it. Branch refused to let him return. He is sixty years of age, and a fine specimen of the North Carolina gentlemen, and I am told that he ranked second in the law in this State. The pastor of the Baptist Church at Kinston also came in, and he says Mr. Bryan was a Union man, and made

19 R R - VOL XXIX, PT II

