HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,October 11, 1863-1. 15 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Wright reports he "can plainly see artillery mounted in the works opposite. " This looks as though the enemy was returning a part, at least, of his force to the position in our front, and that he designs holding it.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

OCTOBER 11, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy followed the rear guard in force to-day, and that it is probable an attempt may be made to-morrow to dislodge us from the present position or to turn us. You will hold your corps prepared to move at very short notice to the support of the corps above you, and also be prepared to maintain your own position. General Pleasonton will be directed to send a cavalry force to picket the river below you. Your trains will be parked sufficiently far from the river to be out of the reach of artillery fire.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 11, 1863-7. 45 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy followed and attacked the rear guard to-day in force, and that it appears to be probable that he will make a demonstration or attack to-morrow on our front. You will occupy in force the two hills, on the south side of the river, on your front (those occupied by General Newton), and your pickets will connect with those of General Sukes on the right. General Sykes has been directed to occupy strongly the hills in his front, called the Yew Hills, with infantry and artillery. It is his picket from this force that you are to connect with on your right. Cavalry pickets will likewise cover this part of the front to-night, but they will probably be withdrawn to-morrow. On your left your pickets on this side of the river will connect with those of General Newton.

If there is any ground on this side the river where heavy artillery can be placed to advantage, General Hunt has been directed to send such as you may require.

Your command will be held ready to move at short notice. The two pontoon bridges will be retained for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

