
[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 12, 1863-4 a. m.

Brigadier-General Howe will cross immediately with his division and carry out the instructions contained in the order of the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 11, 1863-8. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy followed and attacked the rear guard to-day in force, with infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and that it is probable he will make a demonstration or attack in our front to-morrow. You will place your corps in position in the vicinity of Freeman's Ford to meet this, and will hold it ready to move to the support of the force on your left or to move to your right.

The Second Corps has moved to Bealeton and the Fifth Corps is on your left at Beverly Ford. Your pickets will connect with those of the Fifth Corps on your left. On your right General Gregg will be directed to picket down as far as Freeman's Ford. General Sykes has been directed to post a strong force of infantry and artillery on the Yew Hills, on the south side of the Rappahannock. You will be responsible for the river as far down as Beverly Ford.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 11, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy followed and attacked our rear guard to-day in force, with infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and that he will probably make a demonstration or an attack to-morrow on our front. You will hold your corps ready to move at very short notice, either in support or to advance or to meet a flank movement. All trains are directed to be moved so far from the river as to be out of artillery fire from the south bank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 11, 1863-7. 45 p. m.

Corps Commanders:

The major-general commanding directs that all trains be parked at such a distance from the river as to be out of the reach of artillery fire from the south bank.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

