
cavalry and a few pieces of artillery was all the opposition encountered. General Sedgwick reports that people living on the road say Stuart's whole cavalry force, that was in our front last night, passed up the river to our right this morning, and that the soldiers said Lee's army was moving into Manassas Gap. General Gregg's division of cavalry is on my right, and has sent parties up toward the mountains. I having held in view this movement of Lee as probable, I hope during the night to get some information from him to confirm or disprove this report, now derived only from soldiers' talk with citizens. The moment I can ascertain anything definite, I will fall back by forced marches. In the meantime, it is proper you should be advised of this report, because, if true, Lee may get between me and Washington, and you may be annoyed then.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 12, 1863-10 p. m.

(Received 10. 10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Information has just been received from General Gregg that the enemy have forced the passage of the river at Sulphur Springs, having driven him back, and that large columns of infantry and artillery have been seen passing up the river. There is no doubt the whole of Lee's army is crossing on my immediate right. It I am not attacked to-morrow, I shall move toward him and attack him.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON,

October 12, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

What news this morning? A dispatch from Rosecrans, leaving him at 7. 30 p. m. yesterday, says:

Rebel rumors that head of Ewell's column reached Dalton yesterday.

I send this for what it is worth.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-12. 30 p. m. (Received 1. 10 p. m.)

His Excellency the President:

Your telegram received. I have just sent a dispatch to General Halleck which will answer your inquiry. We took yesterday some 50 prisoners and some deserters. There is no doubt but that up to yesterday the whole of Hill's and Ewell's corps were here, and some say re-enforced by Pickett's division and other troops from Richmond. Lee never would have made the movements he has, leaving a strong position, if he were weakened by the detachment of any portion of Ewell's or Hill's corps.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

