
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 12, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General Sedgwick will, in addition to his own corps, take command of the Fifth Corps and Buford's division of cavalry, and advance immediately to Brandy Station, and take position on the heights there, driving in the enemy and holding the position. He will report his progress to the commanding general, and also the force, position, and movements of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Generals Sedgwick, Sykes, Pleasonton, and Buford.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-11 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that Major-General Sedgwick, in command of his own corps, the Fifth Corps, and Buford's division of cavalry, will move immediately to Brandy Station, and take position on the heights there. You will hold your corps ready to move to that point, with ammunition and ambulance trains.

In the event of not being able to send you the pontoons will the order to march, you can send your ammunition and ambulance trains to cross on the lower pontoon bridge at Rappahannock Station, the infantry to cross, if practicable, at Kelly's Ford.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-12 m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Reconnaissance:

The major-general commanding instructs me to say that the movement intrusted to you is a reconnaissance in force to ascertain if the enemy is in force and position near Brandy Station or in the vicinity of Culpeper Court-House, and is prepared to give battle. This will be accomplished by the movement of your command to the heights near Brandy Station, and the occupation of the heights by it. This you will do unless those heights are already held by the enemy in superior force, of which you will immediately inform the commanding general.

If, upon your occupation of the heights, the enemy displays the intention of giving battle there, the major-general commanding intends to throw forward rapidly the remainder of his army there and give battle. You will advise him of the nature of the position and of the points to which the movement of the three other corps should be directed in coming up, and will maintain your position until the arrival of re-enforcements.

