
Should the enemy make no serious opposition to your occupation of the heights, nor make dispositions to dislodge you, you will send forward Buford's cavalry toward Culpeper Court-House, to ascertain if the enemy is in force and position there or in that vicinity.

A telegraph operator will accompany you. He can attach his instrument to any point of the wire which now connects at these headquarters.

You will keep the commanding general fully acquainted with everything that transpires.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Barbour's, October 12, 1863.

General GRIFFIN:

Throw out a strong picket well in front and to your right. Sedgwick was that hill you are now on held. I will send you two batteries. There are two or three roads through the timber between you and Barbour's camp; but I think in two lines of battle would be best.

Keep a bright lookout to your right, and let me know anything you may learn. I am sorry your troops are not so posted as to give you this place for your headquarters. Let your ambulances and ammunition wagons from somewhere near your troops.

Yours,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that as soon as the Sixth Corps have cleared the bridges, that you cross the river at Rappahannock Station, and, massing your troops, be prepared to move. The ammunition and ambulance trains need not cross the river, but be ready to do so as soon as the infantry moves.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

General Sedgwick informed.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION,

October 12, [1863]-12. 03 p. m.

Brigadier-General TERRY,

Commanding Railroad Guard:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your troops in readiness to move promptly and rapidly to the front. They will be provided, as the rest of the army are, with three days' rations in

