
haversack, five days' bread and small rations in knapsacks, and the trains with the rations required by existing orders. The brigade at Catlett's will not, in the event of your troops being ordered up to the front, wait for the troops farther to the rear, but march at once.
A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-10. 20 p. m.

Colonel McCALLUM:

Our military movements render it necessary that all the rolling stock on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad at the different points on the road be withdrawn at once to Alexandria, and that no more trains be sent from that point until further orders are received from these headquarters.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 8. 05 p. m.)

Brigadier General D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster:

I am sending in for 200 artillery horses, to be forwarded by rail. Our losses in skirmishing from day to day will compel me to call for more artillery and cavalry horses soon. Buford's cavalry occupy the ridge near Culpeper to-night. We have three corps over the river, but the enemy has disappeared again, except a few cavalry. We shall find him shortly. I am keeping our trains as well parked and protected as possible, and the depot is free of property. The army is in fine condition.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-9. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you fall back to Bealeton immediately. A dispatch is just received from Gregg, saying that he is fighting the enemy at Sulphur Springs, and that their infantry is passing up the west bank of the Rappahannock.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 12, 1863-9. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you fall back immediately; your corps to Rappahannock Station; General Sykes to

