
looking toward Sulphur Springs. General Gregg is now at Fayetteville. General French continues for the present at Freeman's Ford. General Newton is ordered to move at once to Warrenton Junction. General Sedgwick is ordered back to Rappahannock Station, and Sykes to Beverly. They will be moved as soon as they come up.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 12, [1863]-10. 15 p. m.

Brigadier-General TERRY, Catlett's Station:

The major-general commanding directs that you concentrate your command with the utmost dispatch at Warrenton Junction. General Newton has been ordered to that point to-night from Kelly's Ford. You will move your command immediately upon receipt of this dispatch, and receive your orders from General Newton until otherwise ordered. The enemy are crossing the Rappahannock in force at Sulphur Springs and above.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 12, 1863-10. 45 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move to Warrenton Junction by such route as will not carry you along the railroad. The trains are moving along the railroad.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., October 12, 1863-11 a. m.

(Received 11. 20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have heard indirectly that General Lockwood and one regiment of infantry would be sent back to me, but I get nothing official. Colonel Fry orders his draft, but I cannot safely let it go on in the counties of the Eastern Shore without more troops. If I am to have such help, it should be immediately ordered.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 12, 1863-3. 05 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

The General-in-Chief informs me that General Lockwood and a regiment have been ordered to your command some days ago. The regulations in respect to colored recruits have been issued and ordered to be sent you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

