
taking the road past Anderson's (General Crawford's former headquarters) and Germantown; it will take position in that vicinity with the Sixth Corps, and just south of teh Warrenton Branch Railroad, looking toward Warrenton, and be held ready to move.

4. The Sixth Corps will move at take position there north of the Warrenton Branch line, looking toward Warrenton, and he held ready to move. General Terry will join the Sixth Corps at this point.

5. The Reserve Artillery will move to Warrenton Junction as soon as teh trains clear the road, and be held ready to move.

6. As soon as either the Fifth or Sixth Corps reaches Warrenton Junction, the First Corps will move about 5 miles along the railroad in the direction of Bristoe Station, and there be held ready to move.

7. The corps will be accompanied by their ammunition, ambulance trains, intrenching tools, and medical wagons.

8. The utmost vigilance, promptitude, and celerity will be observed in all teh movements. The columns will be kept closed, and those corps next the enemy will throw out advance and rear guards and flames.

9. Headquarters to-morrow at Warrenton Junction.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to commanding of corps.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, October 13, 1863-2 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my headquarters are at teh same place where they were last night. My troops are on the march back, but will not be here before daylight, the roads being very much obstructed by the troops in front.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, October 13, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH:

DEAR GENERAL; I send you a guide who is recommended to me as trustworthy.

General Meade desires me to say that the enemy may wish to delay to do so. The object of both armies now is to gain certain poins. They will hardly make a serious attack upon you. Should they do so, come in upon the main line of march.

The cavalry escort sent with your instructions is directed to return direct to these headquarters. That route is reported to be obstructed by guerrillas in some force.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

