HEADQUARTERS, October 13, 1863-6 a. m.

Major-General FRENCH,Commanding Third Corps:

Your dispatch is received. If you are attacked, you must defend yourself, and, if practicable, withdraw in accordance with the order of movement. If the enemy is too strong for you, report it and re-enforcements will be sent you. General Warren is at Fayetteville. Headquarters will move from here to Bealeton.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 13, 1863-7 a. m.

Brigadier-General TERRY:

Please hand the following dispatch to General Newton immediately on his arrival:

The commanding general directs that, upon the arrival at Warrenton Junction of either the Fifth or Sixth Corps, the First Corps move about 5 miles along the railroad toward Bristoe Station, and there be held ready to move.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 13, 1863.

There is good reason to believe that the enemy is moving on our left flank, Ewell's corps by the Warrenton pike, and Hill's by Salem and Thoroughfare Gap. It is hoped we are sufficiently far ahead to enable the seizure of the Centerville Heights in advance of the enemy, but if the movement is detected out flank and rear may be attacked, to guard against which all precautions must be taken . The supply trains will run by way of Wolf Run Shoals to Fairfax Station, and will be in striking distance if we are successful.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to all commanders.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 13, 1863-1 p. m.

1. Major-General Newton will move and camp for the night at Bristoe.

2. Major-General French, Third Corps, will move to Greenwich, and camp for the night.

3. Major-General Warren, Second Corps, will follow the Third Corps to Auburn, and camp for the night at Auburn.

4. Major-General Sedgwick, Sixth Corps, will move to Kettle Run, on teh line of the railroad, and camp for teh night.

