
I shall to-morrow attempt to gain the heights of Centerville by crossing at the lower of Bull Run, and, if I succeed, shall face Lee with my trains in my rear and await his further movements. He may, however, to-night, by a forced march, anticipate me and gain the fords in advance, but I think I am sufficiently ahead to render the success of teh movement probable.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 13, 1863- 10. 30 p . m.

The army will be massed at Centerville to-morrow, if practicable.

1. General Newton, First Corps, will move from Bristoe through Manassas Junction, keeping on teh north side of the railroad, by way of Milford; thence to Centerville, by way of Mitchell's Ford, seizing and holding the heights and redoubts.

2. General Sedgwick, Sixth Corps, will move along the south side of the railroad to Manassas Junction; thence, by way of Blackburn's Ford, to the heights on the right of Centreville, looking toward Warrenton, forming on the right of the First Corps.

3. General French, Third Corps, will move from Greenwich, crossing Broad Run at Milford, a mile above Bristoe; thence to Manassas Junction, the north side of the railroad; thence to Centerville, by way of Mitchell's Ford, forming on teh left of teh First Corps.

4. The Reserve Artillery will follow the Sixth Corps as far as Manassas Junction; thence, moving by way of McLean's Ford, to the rear of Centreville, and park near the pike leading from Centreville to Fairfax Court-House. Such additional batteries as may be required for the heights of Centerville will be placed in position.

5. General Sykes, Fifth Corps, will move along teh north side of the railroad, crossing Broad Run at Milford, following the Third Corps, if there is not room for both to move to together, and from Manassas Junction moving to Blackburn's Ford, and forming on the left of the Third Corps on the heights of Centreville.

6. General Warren, Second Corps, will move to the railroad, passing by Catlett's house, keep on the south side of teh railroad, cross Bull Run at Blackburn's Ford, and mass in rear of Centreville, looking toward Warrenton.

7. Second Working parties will precede the head of each main column for the purpose of working on teh crossings of the steams.

8. As the heads of columns approach Manassas Junction and Bull Run great caution will be observed, and at the crossings of Bull Run dispositions will be made to meet any attempt on the part of the enemy to attack in flank or dispute the passage.

9. The movement will commence at daylight by each corps and the Reserve Artillery, and the commanding general calls upon all for the utmost promptitude and dispatch.

Corps commanders will keep their flankers well out on teh left flank, and picket all roads coming from that direction.

10. The headquarters will be found along the route of the railroad, and between the First and Sixth Corps; headquarters will be in rear of Centerville.

11. General Kilpatrick will move by way of Hay Market to Sud-

