
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 13, 1863-4. 15 p . m.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

It is possible that we may have to call on you for re-enforcements. If so, have you transportation, and how many men can you spare for an emergency?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 13, 1863. (Received 7. 35 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The utmost of infantry that I can send, even in an extreme emergency, is two weak brigades; but I will send to-night to North Carolina for another good brigade, which ought to be here in three days. I will do whatever you desire, and if artillery is wanted will send it also, in case of need. I think we can muster transportation enough by taking up what vessels are here. If we need more I will telegraph at once. I trust you will remember that any depletion of my force will make some positions hardly defensible in case of a strong attack, and that I shall need teh troops back again as soon as the emergency is over.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 13, 1863-11. 40 a. m.

Brigadier General JAMES BARNES,

Norfolk, Va.:

The attention of the Secretary of War has this evening, for the first time, been directed to your order of teh 9th instant, and he is much surprised and grieved that you should have issued such an order without the authority of this Department. You are directed at once to revoke it, and not to send a flag-of-truce boat, and not to suffer any one to pass or come through your lines without the express permission of this Department. The Secretary directs me to say that he is pained that such an excess of authority should have taken place so early in your administration. You will acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch, and transmit here a copy of your order, revoking your order of teh 9th.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 13, 1863-1. 40 p. m.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

A circular issued by Brigadier-General Barnes, dated the 9th of October, and giving notice that persons will be sent beyond the lines on the 15th of this month has this evening, for the first time, reached

