
the knowledge of teh Secretary of War. The circular is an excess of authority which no officer in the service has a right to exercise, unless by express instruction from this Department. The Secretary has directed General Barnes immediately to revoke it. He directs that you see that is done, and that you issue an order prohibiting nay officer in your in your command from permitting any one to pass through you lines without express permission from this Department. Flags of truce and prisoners exchanged are, of course, excepted.

The Secretary is grieved that such an order should so early have marked the administration of General Barnes, and hopes that you will admonish him against the repetition.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 14, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

Troops from New York will begin to arrive here to-day. They will be immediately pushed forward. General Heintzelman is sick and General Augur temporarily in his place. Use any of his troops in your vicinity, advising him. Keep me advised of your own and enemy's movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BRISTOE STATION, October 14, 1863. (Received 1 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

My movement thus far is successful. Skirmishing between the cavalry and also with our rear guard. Teh enemy are advancing from Warrenton, but will hardly be able to arrest my movement.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 14, 1863-5 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Warren is engaged with the enemy. His right is at Bristoe. He says they (the enemy) are along his front. I shall move to Bristoe at once. There is no communication between French and myself. Sharp musketry firing is being heard. If their army is there, two corps are little better than one, but I am afraid when darkness comes they may get between Warren and Manassas, if I do not move toward him, and even then they may get between French and myself.

Send me some word whether I shall unite the army at Centerville to-night or remain at Bristoe. I have no information as to where their main force is.

GEO. SYKES,Major-General.

