
fully to the works about Washington. They are, essentially, brought to a condition to render the services expected of them, as a railroad over which the trains begin to pass is brought to a condition to do the service expected of it, and, like the railroad, it is likely to turn out that they are really but half finished.

I have just before indicated, in general terms, how much I can foresee that ought to be done, besides which there will, doubtless, arise innumerable demands for repairs and removal of that was hastily and imperfectly built in the first place, as well as for modifications and improvements.

I have no disposition to magnify this work. I an ready to leave it at any moment. I relinquished command and the more exciting duties of teh field at a moment when they would have brought me more palpable recompense, to carry out these works, because I felt that the security of Washington demanded their perfection, and that the security of Washington meant the security of the nation's cause, and that I was the man upon whom the duty fell.

With these remarks, I recommend that an appropriation be asked of Congress of $300,000, for completing and rendering more permanent the defenses of Washington.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, October 14, 1863-10 p. m.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Washington:

Captain Strang telegraphed me about 7 o'clock that his train had been attacked by guerrillas, this afternoon, on the hill this side of Bull Run Ford. He thinks that were about 100 wagons which had not yet crossed the ford. He asked me for a cavalry force to overtake them. I had none to send, but I am inclined to think most of the train will get through safely. I have an infantry regiment at Union Mills, within half a mile of the ford.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 14, 1863-9. 50 a. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Chambersburg, Pa.:

Have you any troops which could re-enforce Harper's Ferry? It is threatened.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, October 14, 1863-2. 50 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Chambersburg:

Will the Pennsylvania troops willingly do duty out of the State?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

