
point? I think some of the officers of teh Second or Tenth [West Virginia] know that country thoroughly, and could do it. He has probably from 500 to 600 men. Imboden was at Front Royal last night with about 1,000 men. Thirteen rebels killed and about 60 wounded at Bulltown.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE, Beverly, October 14, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

I have sent strong patrols from Buckhannon to Elkwater via Centreville. The enemy will, I think, go up Elk via the Glades to Cackleytown, and it would be a waste of time and horses to go after him in Webster. The enemy charged upon my pickets night before last without meeting any success, and at 3 p. m. to-day they were found in considerable strength on Cheat Mountain. I would like to know what they propose to do in front before undertaking anything which would diminish my command. All this activity must be to cover a real attack somewhere, or else the movement of Lee's army to the west. We shall know in a day or two. Cackleytown or Lewisburg would be very good points to cut off Jackson.

WM. W. AVERELL,Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 14, 1863-9. 10 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram received. General Barness is not to blame, as he acted by my orders.

There are in Norfolk, Portsmouth, and vicinity many paupers and old persons, who are now or soon will be a burden upon the Government, but who have means of support beyond our lines. Also many persons inimacal to the Government, who now prefer to go beyond the lines, and whose influence is prejudicial to the restoration of industry and trade, and the proper feeling of loyalty. I decided that all such persons should be sent beyond the lines as a military necessity. This is the same course as that pursued in North Carolina, which resulted in ridding teh towns held by us of all disloyal people and white paupers, and in creating a spirit of satisfaction among the remaining one s toward their rulers. I did not consider it necessary to obtain the authority of teh Secretary of War, because I suppose it to be my duty to attend to all without troubling the Secretary with matters in my department relating to the welfare of the people under military rule, and necessary to the restoration of a feeling of loyalty to the Government.

Please make my regrets to the Secretary of War that this action does not meet his sanction. Also present reasons for the action, and request that he approve of it, so that it may now be carried out. No persons except those described above sent as a military necessity are ever permitted to pass our line without a special permit from the Secretary of War.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

