
Union Mills, and will cover McLean's Ford. General Sedgwick is on the Little River pike near teh cross-roads at Sanders' toll-gate. Sykes is ordered to Fairfax Court-House. Your pickets should connect with Newton's and French's.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 15, 1863-7. 45 a. m.

Brigadier-General KING,Commanding, &c.:

The commanding general directs me to advise you that his forces now occupy the line of Union Mills, Centerville, and Chantilly. Any forces you may have had in front of this line he presumes have already fallen back without it. For the present, the general desires that you will, as heretofore, guard the railroad toward Alexandria. He has not at this moment any request to make with regard to Colonel Lowell's cavalry, except to ask that he may be promptly furnished with all information respecting the movements of the enemy.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 15, 1863-8. 45 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that he considers one division sufficient to hold the works on the heights of Centerville. The remainder of your force should be held massed at some point between you and General Sedgwick, ready to take position. General Sedgwick is ordered to concentrate on the Little River pike in the vicinity of teh cross-roads at Sanders' toll-gate. You should retain a force at Cub Run Bridge, and your picket line should connect with Sedgwick on teh right and Warren on the left. French is ordered to Union Mills. Sykes to Fairfax Court-House. Warren's troops are now on the heights above Blackburn's and Mitchell's Fords. Pickets should be well out.

Very respectfully, &c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 15, 1863-9. 15 a. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that you should hold McLean's Ford. This ford is about a mile below Blackburn's Ford. General Warren will hold Blackburn's Ford on the left. Your pickets should connect with his on the right. General Buford is directed to picket the Occuquan.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

