HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,August 11, 1863.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Cavalry Corps:

Nothing new from the front. The lines are quiet and as previously reported. No horses have as yet been turned over by the Reserve Brigade since last report. General Kilpatrick's quartermaster looked through the lot to-day, but took none. Gregg has not been heard from. Cannot some order, requiring these horses to be taken, by sent to headquarters of Second and Third Divisions, or the horses be turned in to Catlett's Station, so that this brigade can get off?

Very respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 11, 1863

Major-General SCHURZ,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that in the course of conversation yesterday it was incidentally mentioned by General Wright that it was reported by his patrols toward Greenwich that they had seen nothing recently of the force at Greenwich. This was one of the points to be occupied by a regiment from the Eleventh Corps, which was to patrol toward New Baltimore and Bristoe Station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 11, 1863.

Captain A. J. COHEN:

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN; The communication from Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff, Army of the Potomac, addressed to Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Cavalry Corps, having been referred to me, I have the honor to submit the following reply:

When at Amissville, and on the 4th and 6th of this month, by direction of the major-general commanding the Cavalry Corps, reconnoitering parties were sent across the Aestham River, in the direction of Culpeper, to ascertain the position and movements of the enemy. Both these reconnaissance discovered the fact that he enemy's cavalry to the amount of a brigade occupied the country between Rixeyville and Culpeper. Other reconnaissances discovered that the enemy's cavalry to the amount of a brigade was in the vicinity of Sperryville. After these reconnaissances across the Aeastham River, the fords at Oak Shade and Starke's were picketed by the enemy.

When, on the 9th, I received an order from Major-General Pleasonton to extend my line of pickets south of the Aestham River, crossing at Rixeyville, I did report that the enemy picketed the

3 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

