
CLARKSBURG, October 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCAMMON,

Charleston:

Jackson is retreating up Bryant's Fork of the Little Kanawha toward Addison, in Webester County. Cavalry are pursuing him. Jackson lost 13 killed and 60 wounded in his attack on Bultown. Our loss trifling. Our men were covered by breastworks.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, October 15, 1863. (Received 11. 15 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to acknowledge your telegrams of October 14. Hereafter all cases of application to go beyond our lines will be submitted to you for approval. In the present case shall I forward description lists of those proposed to be passed and await your approval?

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,

Numbers 19. Fort Monroe, Va., October 15, 1863.

The people of the county of Norfolk and the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth having duly elected judicial officers, and such officers having duly entered upon their duties, it is hereby ordered that the provost court of this department shall no longer entertain jurisdiction of civil suits in those places, excepting those in which any officer or enlisted man in the United States Army or Navy, or any person in teh employ of the United States military or naval forces, shall be a party, or in which any property, real or personal, owned or claimed by the United States, or the United States forces, or any person serving in them, shall be at stake. This order shall not be held to in any way affect suits now pending in teh provost court, nor the existence of martial law in this department.

By command of Major-General Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, VA., October 16 [15], 1863. (Received 2. 30 a. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

SIR: From rebel prisoners captured to-day I honestly believe that two brigades of Johnson's division, Longstreet's corps, crossed yesterday morning, the 14th, at daylight, near Strasburg, in teh direction of Clear Spring or Cherry Run; also Imboden's cavalry. I believed this to be reliable.

