
MARTINSBURG, VA. -1 a. m.

I also have it from reliable sources that Jenkins is advancing, with 4,000 men, cavalry and infantry, and sixteen pieces of artillery, by the way of Strasburg, Berryville, Charlestown, and Shepherdstown.

MICHAEL GRAHAM.

WASHINGTON, October 16, 1863.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I send herewith a copy of a communication just received from the President.

It was reported last night that some of Longstreet's corps was moving from Strasburg toward the Potomac, and that Jenkins' and Imboden's cavalry were also operating in teh Shenandoah Valley. Dispatches from Chattanooga say that none of Longstreet's corps have left for teh east. About 3,000 of Longstreet's forces went to Charleston before he went west. These may have returned to Lee. This would reconcile the two accounts.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, October 16, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

I do not believe Lee can have over 60,000 effective men.

Longstreet's corps would not be sent away to bring an equal force back upon the same road; and there is no other direction for them to have to come from.

Doubtless in making the present movement, Lee gathered in all the available scarps, and added them to Hill's and Ewell's corps, but that is all, and he made the movement in teh belief that four corps

had left General Meade; and General Meade's apparently avoiding a collision with him has confirmed him in the belief. If General Meade can now attack him on a field no more than equal for us, and will do so with all the skill and courage which he, his officers, and men possess, the honor will be his if he succeeds, and the blame may be mine if teh fails.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 16, 1863. (Received 6 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

I have directed General Briggs to see that no regiments, old or new, destined for this army, are forwarded till supplied with shelter tents, 40 rounds of ammunition, and three day's rations in haversacks, and five days' hard bread and small rations in their knapsacks.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

