
CAMDEN STATION, October 16, 1863. (Received 3. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON and

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

At 7. 15 last evening I received the following telegram from Brigadier-General Sullivan, in response to inquiries:

HARPER'S FERRY, [October] 15-7. 15 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT,

President:

I am convinced there are no rebels in my front. Imboden is reported by my scouts to be in Loudoun. I have a cavalry force in Winchester this evening, and one in the Back Creek country. I am satisfied the road is as safe as it can be made. I will keep you advised of any movement I may learn of teh enemy toward the road. Now there is no danger.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

At 9. 50 this a. m. I received from Mr. Quincy, of our engineer corps, the following telegram:

HARPER'S FERRY, October 16, 1863-9. 53 a. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT,

President:

Teh following has been received here from Martinsburg this morning, dated last night:

"Prisoners say two brigades of Longstreet's corps were marching down Back Creek Valley to-day, with the object of surprising this force; that they are camped near the railroad, 12 miles above here, to-night.

"-- --,

"Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp. "

A force of 37 men were advancing on Back Creek yesterday. This entire force was captured, and scouts from Back Creek Valley yesterday morning reported no enemy to be seen. General Sullivan tells me he cannot think the report as to Longstreet correct, yet it comes from headquarters at Martinsburg. I send it to you for such action as to trains as you think best.

W. C. QUINCY.

At 10. 40 I have the following:

HARPER'S FERRY, [October] 16-10. 40 a. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT:

Later advices from Martinsburg, obtained from prisoners, state that on their way to Back Creek Bridge they passed infantry stragglers, who informed them that they belonged to Longstreet's corps, two brigades of which had crossed Valley pike at Strasburg. They also passed five ambulances belonging to same. They saw camp fires in Back Creek Valley. They also state that Jenkins is coming toward Charlestown, with 4,000 men and sixteen pieces of artillery. The prisoners are unusually reticent. General Sullivan tells me he does not believe these reports. I send them to you for such action as you deem proper.

W. C. QUINCY.

As General Sullivan continues not to give credence to these statements, we are working a portion of our trains through. Have you any information on this subject? Is it probable the forces alleged can he in the valley? The continuance of our trains upon the route maintains the military communication, and ability to re-enforce threatened points. We, therefore, are anxious not to cease working unless the danger is real. Please advise us.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

22 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

