
leys. Their cavalry have been seen in the direction of Aldie and their trains passing through Thoroughfare and Hopewell Gaps. My cavalry to-night occupy Manassas Junction, having driven out of it a small force of cavalry and infantry. No information of the position of their has yet been received. So soon as I can form any correct idea of his movements, I shall move to meet him. I send this information that you may warn Generals Kelley and Lockwood.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 17, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH:

How much has Bull Run swollen at Union Mills? Can you ford it this morning?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff.

UNION MILLS, October 17, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The Bull Run is very high this a. m. ; 6 feet at McLean's Ford and not less at Union Mills.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

UNION MILLS, October 17, 1863.

DEAR HUMPHREYS: I am sorry that i mistook two camps of our own for the other side of Bull Run yesterday, but did not know that Bull Run was bent so. This is for want of a map. I have written this morning to Duane for the Whipple map, and hope either you or he will supply me.

The column of cavalry and artillery I saw day before yesterday 2 or 3 miles west of here moving south was, I am quite satisfied, the force that attacked Mott, at McLean's Ford, going away.

I had a fine view this morning from a height. Saw cavalry pickets opposite to ours. Also saw crossing Manassas Plains (among teh redoubts) precisely one squadron (no artillery) of rebels moving north. It met right there an army wagon moving south.

No other evidence of rebels anywhere. Seeing very fine.

HENRY PRINCE.

SIGNAL STATION, October 17, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Teh signal officer at Blackburn's Ford sends teh following report:

No troops can be seen at Bristoe, but a line of camp smokes are seen between Bristoe and Gainesville. No artillery at Manassas, but teh earth-works are occupied by a heavy cavalry picket reserve that is always mounted.

L . B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

