
SIGNAL STATION, October 17, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Teh signal officer at Blackburn's Ford reports, at 8 p. m., that he sees large camp fires in rear of Bristoe Station. Also, that at dark he heard artillery firing south-southwest from his station and a long distance off.

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief of Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, October 17, 1863-9 p. m.

[General GRIFFIN:]

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you move with your division at 5 a. m., and take post where you were stationed yesterday, covering the roads coming in to Germantown. Sedgwick is on the Aldie and Fairfax pike. Let your left rest where it did, and throw your pickets well to the front and right. I will direct two batteries to report to you. The enemy has appeared in some force (mounted) on Sedgwick's right, and a slight skirmish had with his pickets, in which the enemy were driven off. Please communicate direct to general headquarters any information you may obtain.

Yours, very respectfully,GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TEH POTOMAC, October 17, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH;

The commanding general directs that your order the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, whose arrival you reported by telegram, to report to Major-General Warren, it having been assigned to the Second Corps, which is now stationed on the heights of Centerville. The regiment should be supplied with 40 rounds of ammunition in the boxes, shelter tents and three days' rations in haversacks, and five days' hard bread and small rations in teh knapsacks, before joining the corps.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL STATION, October 17, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

In reply to your inquiries, the signal officer at Blackburn's Ford reports that he could distinguish between camp fires at Manassas and those at Bristoe, but that there are no camp fires at Manassas.

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

