
OCTOBER 17, 1863-7. 45 p. m.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy's cavalry, made their appearance in force, with artillery, near General Sedgwick, on the road from Frying Pan to Sanders' tollgate. The indications are that they are moving to Fairfax Court-House. General Sykes will be ordered to move to Fairfax Court-House early in the morning, and a cavalry brigade to-night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

OCTOBER 17, 1863-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General KING:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that General Griffin, with his division of the Fifth Corps and two batteries, will move from this place to Fairfax Court-House at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning. A brigade of cavalry will be sent to Chantilly and one to Fairfax Court-House. If it should prove to be necessary to have additional force, please notify the commanding general.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS KING'S DIVISION, Numbers 40. Fairfax Court-House, Va., October 17, 1863.

An order from the State Department assigns the commanding general to a different duty. * It is with infinite reluctance that he takes leave of his comrades in arms. He has received at their hands all that a general could ask or expect: obedience, respect, and affection. He leaves them with the earnest hope that their efforts in behalf of the Union may be crowned with glorious success, and that once more the "flag of the free" massy float in triumph over the entire Republic.

The command of the division devolves upon Brigadier-General Corcoran, a gallant and experienced officer, most fit for the post assigned to him, and devoted to the good cause to which we have all pledged our lives.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., October 17, 1863-2. 40 p. m.

General MEADE,

Headquarters:

I sent out the two companies of cavalry at this post, on the different roads to warn me of the approach of any enemy; and just learn that 15 men were captured about 5 miles from here, on the

---------------

*General King was appointed minister resident at Rome. His resignation as an officer of the army was accepted to date from October 20, 1863, by Special Orders, Numbers 471, Adjutant-General's Office, October 21, 1863.

---------------

