
sight for 2 miles. The cavalry will not be all over by 7 o'clock, if then. The run is not so high as it was yesterday, and is fordable without a bridge. One-half of the cavalry is crossing at a ford above Blackburn's Ford.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, October 18, 1863-10 p. m.

The following movements are ordered for to-morrow, the 19th instant:

1. Major-General Newton, First Corps, will move at 6 a. m. from Centerville, on the Warrenton pike, and take position for the night at Hay Market.

2. Major-General Sedgwick, Sixth Corps, will follow the First Corps, entering teh Warrenton pike near Cub Run, commencing the march at 7 o'clock, and take position for the night at Gainesville. 3. Major-General French, Third Corps, will move from Union Mills at 6 a. m., keeping on the south side of the railroad, and take position on Broad Run near Bristoe.

4. Major-General Warren, Second Corps, will move at 6 a. m. by Mitchell's and Blackburn's Fords, keeping on the north side of the railroad, and will take position on Broad Run at Mitford.

5. The Reserve Artillery will move on teh Warrenton pike, following the Sixth Corps, and camp for the night at Groventon. It will clear the road through Centerville as soon as the First Corps leaves it.

6. Major-General Sykes, Fifth Corps, will move at 6 a. m., and, taking the road south of teh Centerville pike, will leave that town on the right, cross Bull Run at Island Ford, pass through New Market to Groveton, and take position there for the night. Strong working parties will precede the column to work on the crossing of Bull Run.

7. The trains at Fairfax Court-House and Station will move to the fords of Bull Run and park there, being covered on the flanks by the cavalry of Generals Buford and Gregg.

8. Headquarters will be at Groveton.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Near Centerville, October 18, 1863-11. 30 p. m .

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division, Fairfax Court-House:

The major-general commanding directs that you stop your column to-night. Major Gaston will bring your orders.

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-Have your supply trains filled up.

