
on Harper's Ferry in force, to withdraw his troops from Martinsburg and adjacent posts on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, by way of Williamsport or Shepherdstown, to Maryland Heights, and to hold the heights at all hazards. I may be cut off from him, and unable to communicate or support him. With this view I have directed him to communicate direct with you, and to keep you fully advised. My judgement is clear that Maryland heights should be held if even approached by Lee's whole army. If you concur, provision should be made to support Sullivan from the east if he is assailed.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 18, 1863-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Clarksburg, W. Va.:

Should the whole of Lee's army attack Maryland Heights, the place must be held until Meade's army comes to the rescue. It can be so held, and if the officers fail to so they should be hung.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARPER'S FERRY,

October 18, 1863.

Colonel L. B. PIERCE,

Martinsburg:

Imboden surrounded and captured most of the force* at Charlestown. Supposed he had about 1,000 or 1,200 infantry and cavalry, with some artillery. Put your house in order. Notify Kearneysville to be on the alert.

W. B. KELLEY,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., October 18, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Although your communications contemplated the transportation of some of the troops by the Spaulding, momentarily expected, I have deemed it best not to delay longer, and have ordered the Albany and Jersey Blue to take the Ninth New Jersey. As yet only the Nineteenth Wisconsin has arrived. The other regiments are looked for hourly.

I regret to learn the difficulty upon the canal, and the burning of one of more boats. In a communication of the 17th, I called attention to the propriety of occupying Elizabeth City, and I believe such a policy would render the canal navigation much more secure.

Five Virginia regiments have arrived at Kinston. General Mar-

---------------

*The Ninth Maryland Infantry.

---------------

