
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 19, 1863-12 m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

General Sullivan's cavalry pursued Imboden to Berryville. No other force of the enemy was seen in the valley. General Rosecrans continually reports arrival of troops from Lee's army. Regiments of Virginia cavalry have recently joined Bragg. he thinks the enemy's main force is concentrating there. Under these circumstances it is continually urged upon me that you ought to ascertain Lee's force and position, in order that the Government might at least know the actual facts. As you could not ascertain otherwise, I have repeated the suggestion made to me of the necessity of giving battle. If I have repeated truisms it has not been to give offense, but to give to you the wishes of the Government. If, in conveying these wishes, I have used words which were unpleasing, I sincerely regret it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 19, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 9. 40 a. m., 20th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The army advanced to-day across Bull Run, and now occupies a line from Hay Market to Bristoe Station. Kilpatrick's division of cavalry in the advance pushed back the enemy's cavalry as far as New Baltimore, where the enemy's infantry appeared in his rear and flank, causing him to fall back to Hay Market. The enemy's infantry followed him up, and are now in front of our infantry pickets. All the intelligence I have been able to obtain indicates the concentration of Lee's army within the last two days at Warrenton. Whether he has moved on and I have now only a rear guard in my front, or whether he will give me battle, are questions that will be decided to-morrow.

Your telegram of 12 m. of this date is received. Your explanation of your intentions is accepted, and I thank you for it.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Bristoe, October 19, [1863]-12 m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

From a Union man living here, I learn that the rebel cavalry pickets left here at daylight this morning. We have sent in a deserter from the Stuart artillery, who has been hiding in the woods since they left. He says their infantry was all going back again across the Rapidan, and the cavalry to Culpeper Court-House. He says the infantry left here the day before yesterday. The cannonading toward Greenwhich has ceased for an hour, and seemed to be retiring before that time. I got here about 9. 30 a. m.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

