HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 19, 1863-4. 50 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you will send forward such support of infantry to General Kilpatrick as may be necessary to enable him to withdraw. Probably not less than a division, with its proportion of artillery.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 19, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I consider it necessary to contract my position on General Sedgwick before daylight in the morning, for two reasons:

1. That my pickets have all been disarranged by the necessary falling back of General Kilpatrick, and they cannot be re-established because of the enemy's infantry occupying the ground far in advance of where they originally were, and within close range of my camp.

2. The position is intrinsically bad, and cannot be connected sufficiently strong with General Sedgwick to prevent the enemy getting between us.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 19, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

Since writing you this afternoon, additional information received from the front indicates the probability of our meeting the enemy to-morrow morning in front of Gainesville. The major-general commanding therefore directs that you move to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock to Gainesville, by the route from Bristoe to Gainesville, marked in red on the map sent herewith.

Upon reaching Gainesville or that vicinity, should General Sedgwick be in position at Gainesville, you will take position on his left. General French will be directed to follow you and form on your left. General Sedgwick will be ordered to move forward to Buckland Mills to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock, followed by Sykes. Newton will be held at Hay Market. Headquarters will be near Gainesville, or between that and Buckland Mills. Information sent by General Kilpatrick indicates that Hill's and Ewell's corps were both at Warrenton to-day.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

