
somewhere near 65,000, this cavalry included. Their information tallies with that given by prisoners taken some days ago. I will start to-morrow morning a strong cavalry reconnaissance through Berryville, to find out, if possible, their designs.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., October 19, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

(Received 3. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Commanding officer at Harper's Ferry has notified General Ferry, in command of my forces in Maryland, that he only wanted cavalry. This latter has been sent to him. The infantry and artillery will return to Hagerstown for the present.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., October 19, 1863.

(Received War Department 4 p. m.)

Colonel SHARPE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I am satisfied that Longstreet's corps has returned from Bragg and joined General Lee. I am satisfied, also, that they are going to invade Maryland and Pennsylvania again. The star they are watching and looking after is Washington and Maryland. Our force was drawn up in a line of battle at 3 o'clock at Martinsburg. The Potomac River is very high, and cannot be forded by our men or the rebels before Tuesday or Wednesday.

The force in our front is Imboden's command. Five deters and Union men say his force amounts to about 2,500 effective men; Gilmore's Independent Battalion, about 150 men; White's and Mosby's guerrillas numbering from 300 to 400.

A reliable Union man from Charlestown, who is fleeing from the rebels, states that there are some 7,000 or 8,000 men marching on to Martinsburg. They are a portion of Ewell's corps. General Kelley ought to throw re-enforcements toward Hancock to shelter them.

All my scouts who came in and reported to me say that General Lee has a large army, and if he cannot capture Washington, Baltimore, and redeem Maryland, that he will fortify South Mountain, and will winter in Washington County, Md., and draw his supplies from the richest parts of Maryland and Pennsylvania. I am satisfied that they are coming. They have had the Union force weighed and counted, and found them wanting. Prepare for the storm.

Yours, respectfully,

MICHAEL GRAHAM.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 20, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 9. 05 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The advance of the army reached Warrenton to-day, the enemy having all retired beyond the Rappahannock. The railroad from Bristoe Station, as far as examined to Catlett's Station, has been com-

