
pletely destroyed, and it is understood this work has been carried as far as the Rappahannock, though not so effectually as immediately at Bristoe. This act is significant of a purpose to detach troops to the southwest, based on the presumed delay in my advance. I will immediately have an estimate made of the time it will require to pu the road in repair. I can carry fifteen days' subsistence for the men, but cannot carry more than five or six days' forage for the animals. This would necessitate frequent returns to the depot by the trains, until the road is repaired. This would involve wagoning supplies from Bristoe to Gordonsville, if I advanced thus far, a dispassage, and exposed to the enemy's cavalry. I am afraid the time it will take the repair the road and the difficulty of advance without the railroad, will preclude my preventing the sending of troops to the southwest by the enemy.

I will endeavor to obtain the earliest intelligence of any movement on their part.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 20, [1863]-3 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH:

I saw General Meade this morning myself. He was not certain whether Lee's army had recrossed the Rappahannock or not, and he wished me to push on and try to find out. From what I learned at Mrs. Green's, I feel almost sure General Lee has recrossed the Rappahannock. General Meade told me he wishes me to go at least as far as Auburn, and I know he expects you to follow me. If you do, I wil cross Cedar Run and camp on the other side. General Meade indicated he wishes me to go farther, and I told him I would if he through it best when the day's operations had supplied him with information. I inferred he did not intend to push us if Lee really had retreated across the Rappahannock.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 20, 1863. -For abstract from tri-monthly return of the Army of the Potomac, see Part I, p. 226.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 20, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General SCHENCK and

JOHN W. GARRETT,

Baltimore, Md.:

Deserters report that Stuart is preparing for another raid into Maryland and Pennsylvania. Every possible care should be taken of rolling stock and bridges.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

