
bering from 300 to 400 men, under command of Colonel Beckley, now in Boone County, near Boone Court-House. They are engaged in conscripting for the rebel and stealing horses, &amp;c.

I would respectfully request permission to take my command and go to that place for the purpose of dispersing and capturing this band.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 20, 1863-9 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Advices from Richmond are that every available man, except some local militia or home guards, has moved with Lee's army against Meade. Is it not possible, under these circumstances, to move up the York River, destroy the railroad bridges, and threaten Richmond, so as to draw back some of Lee's forces? Please answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 20, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Telegram received. I will attempt what you propose, and do it if possible.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Gainesville, Va., October 21, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I regret to inform you that from the examination made, I have reason to believe that the Orange and Alexandria Railroad has been destroyed from Bristoe Station to Culpeper Court-House. To repair and put in working order the road to the Rappahannock will require the use of a considerable part of this army for guards and working parties. Under these circumstances, I do not see the practicability of an advance on this line to Gordonsville. A transfer to the Fredericksburg road, if successful in crossing the Rappahannock, would require time to put the road in working order from Aquia Creek, and the enemy would doubtless destroy it in advance of the point we held.

It seems to me, therefore, that the campaign is virtually over for the present season, and that it would be better to withdraw the army to some position in front of Washington and detach from it such portions as may be required to operate elsewhere. Although I have no information but the acts of the enemy, I think it is his intention

