
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 51. Baltimore, Md., October 21, 1863.

I. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, is assigned to the command of all that district of country consisting of the counties of the Eastern Shore of Maryland as far north as and including Kent County; the counties of Northampton and Accompac, in Virginia; the county of Calvert, in Maryland, and all the Western Shore of Maryland lying between the Potomac and Patuxent Rivers as far up as the Piscataway River and Upper Marlborough, excepting the county of Saint Mary's.

This command will include all forces that now are, or may be here-after, assigned for service in any part of said district, and will be known as the First Separate Brigade.

II. All the forces belonging to this department or army corps, now in service, or which may hereafter be assigned to duty, stationed in Baltimore City or County, including all the works of defense therein, except Fort McHenry, Fort Marshall, Fort Federal Hill, and Fort Dix, and except the Second Separate Brigade, shall hereafter be known as the Third Separate Brigade, and will be under the command of Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 16. Clarksburg, W. Va., October 21, 1863.

I. The troops formerly designated as the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Brigades, First Division, Eighth Corps, and generally those stationed on the Baltimore and Ohio and Northwestern Virginia Railroads, from Sleepy Creek west to the Ohio River, will constitute the Second Division of this department.

II. The counties of Ohio, Brooke, and Hancock, W. Va., are, by order of the Secretary of War, included within and made a portion of this department.

By order of Brigadier-General Kelley:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 21, 1863.

(Received 8. 50 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The private information that I get, through rebel source,s is to the effect that Lee will not pursue Meade much farther, but will soon retire to his old position south of the Rappahannock.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

