SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND. N. C. Numbers 93. Fort Monroe, Va., October 21, 1863.

* * *

VI. Major General J. J. Peck, commanding District of North Carolina, will order the following troops under his command to proceed at once to this point with all possible dispatch: Twenty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Third Regiment New York Cavalry, Battery F, First Rhode Island Artillery; Howell's battery, Third New York Artillery, and Riggs' battery, Third New York Artillery.

* * *

X. Brigadier General E. Harland, commanding Getty's division, will at once take the necessary steps to have his command prepared to embark to-morrow morning.

The troops will be in light marching order; will be provided with three days' cooked rations, seven days' in build, and 100 rounds of ammunition.

The fortifications in his front will be garrisoned by the batteries of the Thirteenth New York Artillery, under Major Westmore, who will divide his command accordingly. The reserve or support to the artillery will be taken from the invalids of the different regiments, who will also garrison the different redans on that front. The field guns left in position will be manned by the invalids of different batteries. All the troops, invalids, and company of Brigadier-General Barnes, who will superintend the above-mentioned distribution of forces.

XI. Colonel J. J. De Forest, commanding at Newport News, will have his command prepared to embark to-morrow morning at daylight in light marching order, with three days' cooked rations, seven days' in build, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

XII. Special Orders, Numbers 93, Paragraphs 10 and 11, from these headquarters, are hereby suspended until further orders.

XIII. All that part of Virginia comprised within what is known as the interior line of the defenses of Norfolk and Portsmouth, including Fort Norfolk and fortifications on that line, is hereby placed under the command of Brigadier General James Barnes.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 21, 1863.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

The Eutaw is needed at Yorktown to-morrow evening to assist General Foster. I have not a gunboat here, and only the Jones and Putman there fit for service. Can Eutaw or other aide come?

S. PHILLIPS LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

MANASSAS, October 22, 1863.

(Received 12 m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I will be in Washington by 2 p. m.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

