HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 22, 1863-6. 05 p. m. (Received 11. 15 p. m.)

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Washington:

Colonel Gregg, commanding brigade of cavalry at Fayetteville, reports that the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry met the enemy's pickets at 12 m. to-day at Bealeton Station. After some skirmishing the enemy moved off in the direction of Rappahannock Station. The officer sent by General Pleasontown with a small party to examine the condition of the railroad was unable to reach Rappahannock Station, being met by a considerable force of the enemy's cavalry, which caused his return. He found the road destroyed to Ratcliffe's Run, the point he reached. A prisoner reports three regiments of the enemy's cavalry and some infantry on this side of the Rappahannock. General Gregg reports that the enemy's vedettes are in sight at Sulphur Springs. The signal officer at Watery Mountain reports that it is too smoky to see anything south of the Rappahannock to-day. Guerrillas seen on Carter's Mountain.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Auburn, October 22, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

If we are to stay any number of days at this place, would it not be well for me to station a brigade at Greenwich, and detachments at other points between here and Gainesville, so as to prevent guerrillas from infesting the road?

I would not trouble you with such an insignificant matter, but that such a scattering of my force might interfere with my prompt execution of any movements you may have in view for us.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 23, 1863.

The several corps of the army are posted as follows, at the present time:

First Corps at Georgetown.

Second Corps where the Warrenton Branch Railroad crosses Turkey Run.

Third Corps at Catlett's Station, with one brigade at Bristoe.

Fifth Corps at New Baltimore.

Sixth Corps at Warrenton.

Reserve Artillery near New Baltimore.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

