
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, October 22, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Please come over here. The fact of one of our officers being killed on the Patuxent is a specimen of what I would avoid. It seems to me we could send white men to recruit better than to send negroes, and thus inaugurate homicides on punctilio. Please come over.

A. LINCOLN.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., October 22, 1863.

(Received War Department 5. 30 p. m.)

Colonel G. H. SHARPE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Statement of William Arndoff, a native of Jefferson County:

I was informed by a farmer by the name of Joseph Crane, who lives near Charlestown, Jefferson County, and is a very reliable man a strong rebel, and thinks I am the same, that he would be very much disappointed if General Lee did not cross the Potomac at the Point of Rocks within ten days. This man Crane says he never has been disappointed in his opinion in reference to the rebel movements. He further stated that Imboden's command fell back to Front Royal, there to divide their forces into two separate commands. One is to advance by the way of Berryville and Charlestown; the other is to keep north of the turnpike and surround and capture the forces stationed at this post. He also said that General lee has the largest and finest army he has ever had. He further stated that Jenkins was to unite his forces with Imboden.

This gentleman has been heretofore employed as a spy, and is acting in that capacity at present. I think day sent the said Arndoff to Front Royal, Luray, and various other places. He is a responsible man. I took his bond for $5,000.

MICHAEL GRAHAM.
HEADQUARTERS,Fairfax Court-House, Va., October 22, 1863.

Captain POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Washington:

I have nothing of importance to report. Three of Mosby's men were captured and 1 killed, near Chichester Mills this afternoon, by the men of Colonel Baker's command at Annandale.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., October 22, 1863.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Richmond papers of the 19th, 20th, and 21st, which I send you by mail, speak of Lee's intention to retire to a position near Richmond, having failed to bring General Meade to battle. They also report heavy freshest on the Rappahannock and Rapidan Rivers,

24 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

