
The old man also says that he is quite sure no troops have come to Lee's army; that it is reported that the division at Petersburg has gone to re-enforce Bragg, and that the main body of the enemy lies at Culpeper,with some troops thrown over the Rapidan. The people about Fredericksburg report that Lee's late advance upon Meade's front has turned out disastrous, and that A. P. Hill is in arrest for the failure.

On the other hand, our men brought with them an Irish refugee from Richmond, who says he left there Wednesday morning, at 7 o'clock; that up to that time Ewell's corps had not passed through; that on Saturday evening last, Governor Smith addressed the citizens of Richmond, urging the home companies to go to protect the saltworks. He did not hear where, but very few went; that Mr. Davis returned from Bragg's army on Monday last, and addressed the citizens had same evening, assuring them of success in the west.

I am writing from Colonel Devereux's office, and shall return to headquarters by the 3 o'clock train if I do not hear from you. If you wish the trip made right over again for absolute confirmation, Captain McEntee must send me one or two other men, as the men I have with me have their feet so blistered as to be unable to walk.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

SIGNAL DEPT., HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

October 23, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Communication by flag signal is open between these headquarters and the headquarters of the Second, Third, and Fifth Corps.

Very respectfully, &c.,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 23, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps, Catlett's:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that Colonel Gregg, commanding cavalry brigade, reports that the enemy are in some force at Rappahannock Station, and disposed to fight. They may push forward to ascertain what we are doing, and I am directed to advise you to be on the alert.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,October 23, 1863.

Pursuant to the above, division commanders will hold their commands well in hand, prepared for any emergency that may arise.

By command of Major-General French:

O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

