
tended to Beverly Ford. Below this point, owing to the presence of the enemy, the line was not established. I have instructed Colonel Gregg to maintain the connection of his right with Colonel Taylor, and extend well off to his left and front. How much Colonel Gregg's line is changed by the falling back, I have not yet learned. Upon the return of my staff officer, I will again report. Should the enemy advance beyond Fayetteville, the pickets at Fox's Ford would be compelled to retire, and the position at Sulphur Springs be endangered.

Yours, respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 24, 1863-12 m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Buford has a brigade of cavalry at Fayetteville. It would be well to have a brigade of infantry near that point to support them.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 24, 1863-1. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a brigade to Bealeton, to support the cavalry. Colonel Devin commands the cavalry in that vicinity. His headquarters are at Liberty, and he reports that, after driving in the enemy's pickets this morning at Rappahannock Station, they advanced a brigade of cavalry and one of infantry toward Bealeton.

Should you at any time need support, call upon General Newton at Bristoe. You must protect the telegraph at Warrenton Junction.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 24, 1863-1. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps to Auburn, and be prepared there to move at a moment's notice or to be in position at that place. You will take with you your ammunition and ambulance trains, leaving your supply trains at New Baltimore under guard of a brigade.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

