HEADQUARTERS, October 26, 1863.

Colonel HART, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The firing was heard at Bristoe by General Newton and seen from Watery Mountain by the signal officer, who reported it to be near Bealeton. General Newton now reports that it has recommenced, perhaps in the direction of Kelly's Ford.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

October 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

Commanding Reserve Brigade, Manassas Junction:

The commanding general directs that you move your brigade at once up the railroad toward Bealeton Station, to connect with Buford's left and watch the movements of the enemy, keeping him constantly informed of the approach of the enemy from the extreme left. Do not withdraw your guards from the bridge at Bristoe, unless it is relieved by infantry, in which case do it. General Buford's headquarters are at Germantown. Please communicate with him. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

Respectfully,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,October 26, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

Brigadier General D. McM GREGG,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I have just returned from Liberty. General Buford has fallen back to Germantown. The enemy in their advance paid no attention to my vedettes. About 3 p. m. they advanced on the Fayetteville road a short distance,and then moved off to my right, on the Fox's Ford road. I feel alarmed for my vedettes. The enemy drove my picket from Beverly Ford. I have withdrawn my picket reserve to Fayetteville, and will send our vedettes as far as Liberty and to the junction of the road leading from Fayetteville to Fox's Ford road. I have sent word to the picket at Freeman's Ford to protect itself, and retire, if necessary, on Sulphur Springs. I will soon be without a command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

SIGNAL STATION, October 26, 1863.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

The signal officer on Watery Mountain reports that a large force of the enemy is now moving from Rappahannock Station toward Bealeton.

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

