
WATERY SIGNAL STATION,
October 26, 1863-5. 15 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

The signal officer on Watery Mountain reports that the force that moved from Rappahannock toward Bealeton took forty minutes to pass a given point. One regiment of cavalry, or mounted infantry, passed toward Bealeton. Two regiments of infantry passed forts on south side of river, following cavalry, but halted at Rappahannock Station.

L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 1863-5. 45 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH, Commanding Third Corps:

A report from General Buford states that a regiment of Devin's brigade, on picket toward Morrisville, reported a column of infantry advancing from Kelly's Ford, but that he has heard nothing further from him since 11 a. m. He was directed to retire by Elk Run, if forced to retire. The signal officer on Watery mountain reports, at 4. 30 p. m., a large force was moving from Rappahannock Station toward Bealeton which occupied forty minutes to pass a given point. Other troops were moving in the vicinity of Rappahannock Station. You had better get your trains to the rear. Let them keep on the north or west side of railroad, so as not to interfere with Newton, who will probably be brought up to-night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,October 26, 1863.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH:

This is the fourth dispatch that I have sent to-day. The rebels drove in my picket line early this morning to Bealeton. After getting enough men together, I drove them back to Bealeton, where I met the "Stonewall" Brigade of Johnson's division, which would not let me advance.

A regiment of Devin's was on picket toward Morrisville, and reports a column of infantry coming from Kelly's. They will retire by Elk Run, if forced in. No information has been received from the regiment since 11 a. m.

I now hold the flanks of Colonel Smith's brigade of infantry. The enemy does not seem to press now. The next position I intend to hold is where the stage road crosses the railroad, a little south of where general headquarters were before we crossed the Rappahannock.

BUFORD.

OCTOBER 26, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officers Sixth, Fifth, and Second Corps:

I am instructed to inform you that a report from General Buford, dated 3 p. m., states that a regiment of Colonel Devin's brigade, on

