
bushwhacking, and render every man within the limits of my command practically loyal, if allowed to deal with them as I choose.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - I have forwarded the information obtained from the enemy to General Kilpatrick, but it is more direct to your headquarters than to his. I therefore send you a copy also, not doubting but that General Kilpatrick will do so likewise.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,August 14, [1863] - 10. 15 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

This communication is respectfully forwarded to headquarters Army of the Potomac with the Richmond Examiner referred to. The captured letters were not sent. General Custer has been directed to forward them.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 13, 1863-7 p. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Order at once the regular division in the Fifth Corps and the Vermont brigade in the Sixth Corps to Alexandria. Call on the Quartermaster's Department to furnish transportation by railroad, so as to forward these troops with as little delay as possible. No land transportation or supplies to accompany them.

GEO. G. MEADE,.

Major-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 13, 1863-10. 10 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The commanding general directs that the Vermont brigade of your corps proceed forthwith to Alexandria, there to receive further orders. The brigade will march at the earliest possible moment to Warrenton Junction, where railroad transportation will be provided for it. No land transportation or supplies will be taken by the brigade. Please acknowledge this dispatch at once, and report as soon as you can the number of officers and men for whom transportation will be required.

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 13, 1863-10. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

The commanding general directs that the regular division of your corps proceed forthwith to Alexandria there to receive further

