
picket on the road from Bealeton to Morrisville, reported to him at 11 a. m. that a column of the enemy's infantry was advancing from Kelly's Ford. General Buford had heard nothing further from the regiment, which was directed to fall back to Elk Run, if forced to retire. General Buford was forced back to near Germantown. The signal officer on Watery Mountain reported, at 5 or 5. 30 p. m., that a column of infantry was moving from Rappahannock Station toward Bealeton which took forty minutes to pass a given point. Other troops were moving about Rappahannock Station.

Corps commanders will be on the alert, prepared to meet the movement of the enemy. The trains will be held ready to go to the rear and upon an engagement being imminent, will be sent to Gainesville, where Kilpatrick's division of cavalry is stationed. Ammunition and ambulance trains, hospital wagons, and intrenching tools will accompany the troops.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 1863.

Colonel HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that General Sykes is ordered to hold himself in readiness to support General French. In the event of requiring support, General French will call upon General Sykes.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,October 26, [1863.]

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH:

My division and the brigade of Third Corps are in statu quo. The rebels occupy Bealeton, and are cooking with big camp fires. I cannot drive them away. I have pickets and scouts beyond Elk Run, who see no enemy. I know of no way to find out the strength of the enemy this side of the river with my present means. I will occupy the road that crosses the railroad south of Licking Run to-night.

I am, very respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD.

OCTOBER 26, 1863-9. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

I am instructed to say that the last reports indicate that there will be no necessity for your moving to the front to-night. Be prepared to move forward at an early hour to-morrow morning. The cavalry at Manassas Junction is ordered up. Please send a regiment to take the place of the cavalry in guarding that depot.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

