
ARTILLERY HDQRS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp near Warrenton, October 26, 1863.

General W. F. BARRY,

Inspector of Artillery, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: There is much complaint of the inefficiency, at close quarters, of the canister for the light 12-pounder gun, owing to the small number of balls it contains. This effect was made apparent at Gettysburg, and is complained of frequently now that the batteries of these guns in the horse artillery often come in close contact with the enemy's cavalry and infantry. The present canister shot is so large as to be effective at long ranges, so long that it would be better o use shrapnel.

I respectfully request that canister with a smaller ball, say of 2 to 3 ounces-or if of smaller diameter than that of a 2-ounce iron ball, then one of lead-may be furnished at as early a day as practicable, in sufficient quantities to furnish at least the horse artillery with one-half their canister of the new pattern. These canisters would carry from 60 to 80 shots, and would probably be much more effective within 200 yards than the present 7-ounce ball of 28 to the canister.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., October 26, 1863-2 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

I leave this afternoon for the Big Kanawha, for the purpose of seeing the condition of General Scammon's division, and to get his portion of the proposed expedition in readiness. I herewith send you a telegram, just received from General Scammon. I think a large portion of the force reported in Greenbrier and Monroe has been ordered to General Samuel Jones.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[Telegram.]

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Clarksburg, W. Va.:

Colonel White, at Fayetteville, reports that Lieutenant Blazer's scouting party captured 3 of enemy's pickets on Meadow Creek, attacked pickets on Blue Sulphur, and burned tow large houses used as quarters and stables. Reports Sixteenth [Virginia Cavalry] 1 1/2 miles from Blue Sulphur, one mounted regiment at White Sulphur, two of Warm Springs, two at Salt Sulphur, three at the Narrows, one at Centreville; Twenty-second Regiment 1 1/2 miles from Lewisburg, on old pike; Derrick's [Battalion], at Jarrett's, on Muddy Creek, 6 miles from Blue Sulphur; Edgar's [Battalion], 5 miles from Lewisburg, on Anderson's Ferry road; enemy's scouts on Little Sewall.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General.

