
nance as might be available at the moment. Thinking it probable that the efficiency of the works would be promoted and economy consulted by a revision, I would suggest that a Board of Officers be appointed for that purpose.

I would suggest the names of Brigadier General G. A. De Russy, Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Haskin, Colonel A. A. Gibson, Colonel L. O. Morris, Colonel A. Piper, Colonel T. R. Tannatt, Colonel H. L. Abbot, and Colonel J. C. Tidball.

Their instructions should be to report-

1. Whether and how the armament can be simplified by an interchange of calibers, having in view the least number of calibers at each work.

2. Whether any of the works require additions to their permanent armament, and what.

3. Whether any reduction of permanent armament may be made without detriment to efficiency in any of the works, having in view the relations of each to all the others constituting the system.

4. Whether the number of guns on barbette carriages may or should be further reduced.

5. Any other recommendations the Board think proper to make. The Chiefs of Artillery and Engineers should be directed to furnish all information needed to the Board, and their report should be submitted to them for comment or approval.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 480. Washington, October 27, 1863.

* * *

15. By direction of the President, Brigadier General Robert Anderson, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from the command of Fort Adams, R. I., and will report in person without delay to Major-General Dix, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the East, at New York City.

* * *

19. Brigadier General William Hays, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as a member of the general court-martial convened by Special Orders, Numbers 350, August 6, 1863, from this office, and will at once proceed to New York City, and enter upon the duties of assistant to the provost-marshal-general, superintendent of volunteer recruiting service, and chief mustering and disbursing officer for the first ten districts of New York (including New York City).

* * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 53. Baltimore, Md., October 27, 1863.

It is known that there are many evil-disposed persons, now at large in the State of Maryland, who have been engaged in rebellion against the lawful Government, or have given aid and comfort or encouragement to others so engaged, or who do not recognize their allegiance to the United States, and who may avail themselves of the indul-

