
Ford. My right connects with Colonel Gregg, near Beverly. The enemy still hold Rappahannock Station with foot troops. Their line runs about three-quarters of a mile from the river, between the river and Smith's house.

The object of the troops coming over on the 26th was to take off the railroad iron. All of it from Bealeton to the river was taken across in wagons. Very large camp fires were seen on the opposite side last night, extending from about Stevensburg, Brandy, and up Hazel Run, in front of Beverly.

I am, very respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,October 28, [1863]-1. 25 p. m.

[General PLEASONTON:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward you a dispatch from General Buford, which was just received.

Where had General Buford better draw his supplies now?

Very respectfully,

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON,

October 28, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Clarksburg, W. Va.:

GENERAL: I have received the reports on the capture of Charlestown, Va., forwarded by you on the 25th. They do not solve the question by whose fault this place was surprised and captured. Either the place was not a proper one for so large an outposts, or the troops were not properly placed for defense, or they permitted themselves to be surprised, or they did not make proper resistance. Some one has been at fault in this disgraceful surrender, and the officer or officers through whose incompetency or neglect of duty this occurred should be reported for prompt dismissal. It is the duty of the commanding general of the department to investigate this affair, and to report the guilty or negligent parties for prompt punishment. Unless you adopt such measures, you cannot expect to maintain the efficiency of your command, and other disgraceful surrenders will follow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON,

October 28, 1863.

Major H. S. TURNER,

Philadelphia:

MY DEAR MAJOR: I have received yours of the 26th instant, inclosing a copy of a letter rom your brother, dated July 17. They will be sent to General Meade for such remedy as he may be able to

