
office. Again, by referring to the accompanying General Orders, Numbers 56, issued from headquarters of the army, you will discover that no public transportation is given the sutler or trader.

Such being the case, Colonel Hardie very properly suggests that some plan should be hit upon which in the future shall prevent the enemy from being supplied through the sutlers. Whether a mounted escort, at stated periods is the best mode, others better qualified to judge will say. It would seem if the plan suggested by Colonel Hardie was followed, and which, by the way, does not materially differ from that heretofore followed in the army, the instances need be rare when imposition will be practiced, provided the inspecting officer at the Long Bridge, or at whatever point he is stationed, uses due vigilance and care in the exercise of his duties.

We have reason to believe that liquors are being brought to the army by sutlers and their employes. Whether properly or not, we have no means of knowing, as liquors now come to the army in accordance with a general order issued by General Martindale, a copy of which is herewith inclose, marked D, from which it will be readily seen that we have not in our possession any record by which we can tell whether or not the liquors are brought upon proper papers.

The test of citizenship has never been applied to sutlers in this army, to my knowledge. The certificate accompanying is such as we give sutlers who are registered in our office upon what we deem proper papers. The certificate we require to be shown if we have any doubt as to whether the party applying for passes or favors is entitled to that for which he asks.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. BECKWITH,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

AUGUST 14, 1863-12. 45 a. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

I am instructed by the commanding general to say that the volunteer brigade attached to the regular division is to remain, and not accompany the division.

Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1863-7. 20 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff;

GENERAL: General Merritt reports the return of Colonel Devin. No new discoveries. Enemy's force in front about the same. In front of Merritt's pickets the enemy's [pickets] are in considerable force in cavalry.

Colonel Devin's signal officer read following dispatch of the enemy:

There is nothing new in our front. The enemy's fires seem to be increasing.

This dispatch was addressed to Colonel C.

