
Captain A. V. Barringer, chief quartermaster.

Captain William H. Hosack, chief commissary of subsistence.

First Lieutenant J. R. Meigs, U. S. Army, chief engineer.

Lieutenant Colonel William H. Mussey, surgeon, medical inspector.

Major J. V. Z. Blaney, surgeon, medical director.

Captain William J. Matthews, Thirteenth [West] Virginia Infantry, First Lieutenant W. B. Kelley, First [West] Virginia Infantry, and First Lieutenant C. A. Freeman, First [West] Virginia Infantry, aides-de-camp.

By order of Brigadier-General Kelley:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 4, 1863-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineers, Navy-Yard, Washington, D. C.:

I am instructed to say that, it not being probable that the contingency will arise in expectation of which you were directed to hold certain bridge trains ready for transportation by water and land, it is not necessary to maintain that state of preparation. The animals may be returned to the quartermaster's department.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

NOVEMBER 4, 1863-8 p. m.

(Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram, of 12 m. yesterday, was duly received. Your disapproval of the proposed attempt to secure a lodgment on the Fredericksburg heights of course caused an immediate abandonment of the plan. I have been since anxiously endeavoring to see my way clear to make some movement, which, by tactical maneuver on the enemy's flank, would bring my army in contact with his, without giving him all the advantage of defense and position. As yet I have not been able to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion, though most earnestly anxious to bring matters to a termination. No change has occurred in the position of this army, nor, as far as I can learn, in the position of the enemy. Having been informed by scouts that the enemy had crossed a body of cavalry at Falmouth, I sent Kilpatrick's division to ascertain the character of the force and movement. A report from him at 2 p. m. states he was within a few miles of Falmouth, driving before him a small force of the enemy's cavalry.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, November 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN, Harper's Ferry:

General Averell and General Duffie are now moving toward Lewisburg, one from Beverly, the other from Gauley. Will attack

