
[Inclosure.]

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA,

Off Newport News, Va., November 4, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va. ;

GENERAL: The Tribune of the 3rd, received to-day, contains a dispatch dated the 2nd instant from Washington, in which it is said that I am understood to have more than once made propositions to military commanders on the Peninsula calculated to make the blockade more stringent, but have failed to find reasonable co-operation. It is proper that I should state that I have not made any such proposition to you.

Permit me to avail myself of this occasion to make my acknowledgments for the professional co-operation and official and personal courtesy which I have received from you. Please accept my best wishes for your professional success and personal happiness.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully and truly, yours,

S. PHILLIPS LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. A. Bkdg. Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 5, 1863-1 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps at once to the vicinity of Catlett's, and hold two divisions of it ready for further orders.

You will assign one division to guarding the railroad from Manassas to Warrenton Junction, as follows: One brigade at Bristoe; one brigade at Warrenton Junction, to protect that depot; the other brigade will be distributed to guard the bridges over Decar Run and Kettle Run. The small bridges and culverts must be guarded by detachments. The road from Manassas to Warrenton must in addition be patrolled, if practicable, with the force assigned to the duty of protecting the road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

NOVEMBER 5, 1863-7. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Newton will assign a division of the First Corps to the duty of guarding the railroad from Manassas to and including Warrenton Junction depot. These troops will be at the posts assigned them to-morrow morning. As soon as they reach them the brigade of your corps at Catlett's, and such other detachments from the corps on the railroad, will rejoin their respective commands.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

27 R R - VOL XXIX, PT II

