
General Kilpatrick reports he pickets 32 miles and patrols 14 more. The line he is required to occupy cannot be looked after with a less force.

I forward a copy of Colonel Mann's report of his scout after Mosby. *

Colonel Huey reports small scattering parties in the vicinity of Middleburg, Aldie, Salem, and surrounding country. He reports that White's guerrillas have joined Mosby.

The officer and 16 men supposed by General Gregg to be captured, have returned. I inclose communications from General Gregg+ and Colonel McIntosh+ relative to crossing the Aestham River. I shall call on General Gregg for further explanation.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 14, 1863-11 a. m.

(Received 11. 10 a. m.)

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE, Washington, D. C.:

The regular troops of Ayres' division (aggregating 2,000) are at Bealeton and the Vermont brigade (aggregating 2,000) are at Warrenton Junction. These troops are moving to Alexandria as fast as they are furnished with transportation by the railroad. Nothing new this morning.

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of a report* of a scout who has been on the south side of the Rappahannock, and brings important information. I have sent for the man himself, and will forward him to you; but as he belongs to the command out on picket, he may not arrive until to-morrow.

Taken in connection with other reports and information bearing on the same point, this dispatch is of the utmost importance. I have been satisfied the enemy was intending something on our left for some days past, and have desired a greater force of cavalry in that vicinity.

I would urge that this information be sent in cipher immediately to General Meade, that he may authorize a change in the present disposition of the cavalry, as well as other corps, our left flank being in no condition to receive an attack from the enemy's whole force, and we know from our own experience at Chancellorsville that an army entire can be crossed in a single night. United States Ford is evidently the point intended by the enemy to cross. From that point, and a night start, their cavalry could reach the vicinity of Washington before ours could, in any force, from its present location.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

+See p. 33 and foot-note on p. 34.

---------------

