
6. It appears to be a question whether the men shall be sent into depot, either by regiments or in herds, to get their remounts and outfits, or whether the horses, &amp;c., shall be sent to the army in the field and there distributed. In this the commanding general must be the judge, and whatever his decisions may be they will meet with a heary co-operation of the Cavalry Bureau, and every effort will be made to carry them out.

General Pleasonton's opinions in regard to the discipline of the Dismounted Camp, and also in regard to the quality of the horses issued by the Cavalry Bureau, might possibly have more weight had they been founded in either case upon personal observation and inspection. The plan he proposes of having his own depots under his own supervision and within the actual limits of the army necessarily indicates that he contemplates that in future the Army of the Potomac shall remain stationary to protect them from Stuart, or that his depots shall be of a portable character and capable of being transported and taken with the army in its various and uncertain movements.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General of Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 100. November 5, 1863.

I. The following is the maximum allowance of transportation, camp and garrison equipage allowed this army while in the field engaged in active operations, and will be strictly conformed to, viz:

1. For the headquarters of an army corps, 2 wagons, or 8 pack-mules, for baggage; 1 two-horse spring wagon for contingent wants; 5 extra saddle horses for contingent wants; 1 wall tent for personal use and office of commanding general; 1 wall tent for every 2 officers of his staff.

2. For the headquarters of a division, 1 wagon, or 5 pack-mules, for baggage; 1 two-horse spring wagon for contingent wants; 2 extra saddle horses for contingent wants; 1 wall tent for personal use and office of commanding general; 1 wall tent for every 2 officers of his staff.

3. For the headquarters of a brigade, 1 wagon, or 5 pack-mules, for baggage; 1 wall tent for personal use and office of commanding general; 1 wall tent for every 2 officers of his staff.

4. To every 3 company officers, when detached or serving without wagons, 1 pack-mule; to every 12 company officers, when detached, 1 wagon, or 4 pack-mules; to every 2 staff officers, when not attached to any headquarters, 1 pack-mule; to every 10 staff officers, serving similarly, 1 wagon, or 4 pack-mules.

The above wagons and pack-mules will include transportation for all personal baggage, mess chests, cooking utensils, desks, papers, &c. The weight of officers' baggage in the field, specified by Army Regulations, will be reduced so as to bring it within the foregoing schedule. All excess of transportation now with army corps, divisions, brigades, regiments, or batteries over the allowance herein prescribed will be immediately turned in to the quartermaster's department, to be used in the trains.

5. Commissary stores and forage will be transported by the trains.

