
When these are not convenient of access, and where troops act in detachments, the quartermaster's department will assign wagons or pack animals for that purpose; but the baggage of officers, or of troops, or camp equipage, will not be carried in the wagons or on the pack animals so assigned. The assignment of transportation for ammunition, hospital stores, subsistence, and forage, will be made on the basis of the amount of each ordered to be carried in orders from general headquarters. The number of wagons is hereinafter prescribed, required by existing orders, to wit:

6. For each full regiment of infantry and cavalry of 1,000 men, for baggage, camp equipage, &amp;c., 6 wagons; for each regiment of infantry less than 700 men and more than 500 men, 5 wagons; for each regiment of infantry less than 500 men and more than 300 men, 4 wagons; for each regiment of infantry less than 300 men, 3 wagons; for each regiment of infantry and cavalry, 4 wall tents for field and staff, 1 shelter tent for every other commissioned officer, 1 shelter tent for every 2 non-commissioned officers, soldiers, servants, and camp followers.

7. For each battery of 4 and 6 guns, for personal baggage, mess chests, cooking utensils, desks, papers, &c., 1 and wagons, respectively, for each 6-gun battery, 3 wall tents for officers; for each 4-gun battery, 2 wall tents for officers; shelter tents, same allowance as for infantry and cavalry regiments.

8. For artillery ammunition trains, the number of wagons will be determined and assigned upon the following rules: Multiply the number of 12-pounder guns by 122 and divide by 112; multiply the number of rifled guns by 50 and divide by 140; multiply the number of 20-pounder guns by 2; multiply the number of 4 1/2-inch guns by 2 1/2; multiply the number of rifled guns in horse batteries by 100 and divide by 140. For the general supply train of reserve ammunition of 20 rounds to each gun in the army, to be kept habitually with Artillery Reserve, the following formula will apply: Multiply the number of 12-pounder guns by 20, divide by 112 == number of wagons; multiply the number of rifled guns by 20, divide by 140 = number of wagons. To every 1,000 men, cavalry and infantry, for small-arm ammunition, 5 wagons; for Artillery Reserve, for carrying fuses, primers and powder, 2 wagons.

9. The supply trains will be as follows: To each 1,000 men, cavalry and infantry, for forage, quartermaster's stores, subsistence, &c., 7 wagons; to each cavalry division, for carrying forage for cavalry horses, 30 wagons additional; to each battery, for carrying its proportion of subsistence, forage, &c., 3 wagons; to each horse battery, for the same purpose, 4 wagons; to every 25 wagons of the artillery ammunition train there will be allowed 5 wagons additional for carrying forage for animals of ammunition and additional wagons, baggage, camp equipage, and subsistence of wagon-masters and teamsters. Nothing but ammunition will be carried in the artillery ammunition train. The baggage of the drivers of the wagon composing it will be carried in the additional wagons allowed for that purpose.

To each 1,500 men, cavalry and infantry, for hospital supplies, 3 wagons; to each brigade of artillery, for hospital supplies, 1 wagon; to each army corps, except the cavalry, for intenching tools, &c., 6 wagons; to each corps headquarters, for the carrying of subsistence, forage, and other stores not provided for herein, 3 wagons; to each division headquarters, for similar purposes as above, 2 wagons; to

