
each brigade headquarters, for similar purposes as above, 1 wagon; to each brigade of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, for commissary stores for sales to officers, 1 wagon; to each division of cavalry and infantry, for hauling forage for ambulance animals, portable forges, &amp;c., 2 wagons; to each division, cavalry and infantry, for carrying armorer's tools, parts of muskets, extra arms, and accounterments, 1 wagon. It is expected that each ambulance and each wagon, excepting those of the artillery ammunition train, will carry the necessary forage for its own team.
10. If corps, division, and brigade commanders take their guards or escorts from commands already furnished with the full allowance of transportation, a corresponding amount should be taken with them to headquarters; but if they have not been provided for at all, then a proper number of wagons will be transferred by the depot quartermaster, on the requisition of the chief quartermaster, certified to and approved by the commanding general. As a rule, neither quartermaster nor commissary sergeants will be allowed to the service,

II. It has been decided that there is no advantage to the service, commensurate with the expense, in keeping up regularly organized pack trains with mules independent of the wagons. Al pack-saddles now on hand will be carried in the wagons of the ammunition and supply trains, not to exceed 2 to a wagon.

There will be allowed to each corps 50 extra mules, to supply losses on marches an for packing.

The following modification of Paragraph 1121, Revised Army Regulations, approved by the War Department, General-in-Chief, Quartermaster-General, and the general commanding, is hereby established, as far as relates to this army, and will be observed until otherwise ordered:

The maximum allowance of forage per day will be, for horses, 10 pounds hay and 14 pounds grain; for mules, 10 pounds hay and 11 pounds grain, and when short forage only can be procured, 18 pounds of grain for horses and 15 pounds of grain for mules can be issued as the daily ration.

When the army is on the march, the above order will not apply. The wagons will carry only the marching ration (10 pounds average to each animal per day).

This increased allowance of grain is intended to be fed only when the animals are at rest, after long marches, to recuperate them, and when hay cannot be procured.

III. Private property shall not be taken, except when required for the public service, and then only on the written order of the general commanding the army, a general commanding a corps, or other independent commander.

A copy of the order and receipts for the property taken must be left with the owner thereof, and a report of all property captured from the enemy, or seized for the public service, will be made monthly to the chief of the department, at these headquarters, to which it appertains.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

