
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 42. November 5, 1863.

The loss in officers and men sustained in this corps at the hands of guerrillas during the past few days demands the careful attention of all to prevent a recurrence in the future. The command is admonished that we are here in the field for military and not social purposes. Visiting in the families of the country in which our operations are conducted, riding for pleasure, either alone or in small parties, or even any unnecessary exposure when in the line of duty, are directly in violation of every recognized military principle. They will, therefore, be abstained from in future. Every house within or without the lines of the army is a nest of treason, and every grove a lurking place for guerrilla bands. They are on that account to be watched and avoided.

Division commanders are expressly directed to give to this matter their earnest attention.

In the transmission of orders or the conduct of the public business, care will be taken that individuals or small parties are not unnecessarily exposed, and every effort will be made to confine all officers and men to such close attention to their duties as will remove all temptation to go beyond the lines of their immediate command.

Any infringement of the spirit of this order will be reported to these headquarters, that the appropriate remedy for such neglect of duty may be promptly applied.

By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., November 5, 1863-2 p. m.

(Received 3. 45 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

General Sullivan reports that Captain Bailey, of the First New York Cavalry, had just returned from a scout, bringing 1 major and 5 privates, with horses and equipments. Killed 3 and mortally wounded 1. Imboden is again threatening our lines in the valley.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NOVEMBER 6, 1863-7 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General Kilpatrick returned from Falmouth last evening, having driven the enemy's cavalry across the river.

A movement of the enemy's infantry down the river was reported yesterday. Supposed to be in consequence of Kilpatrick's operations.

This morning the enemy crossed at Kelly's Ford, and caused my cavalry pickets at that point to retire a short distance. A scout just in reports Lee having reviewed his army day before yesterday, and that the transportation trains had been increased; also a general report prevailing in the rebel army that a movement was soon to be made.

