
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,November 6, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH:

I have told Merritt not to molest the pickets at Kelly's unless they attack him, but to watch every movement.

Respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 6, 1863.

The following movements are ordered for to-morrow, the 7th instant: 1. The Sixth Corps, Major-General Sedgwick commanding, will move at early daylight to-morrow, and take position at Rappahannock Station, the left resting upon the railroad, the right toward Beverly Ford. The corps will move by way at Fayetteville,l and so contract its march as not to interfere with the route of the Fifth Corps.

2. The Fifth Corps, General Sykes commanding, will move at early daylight and take position on the left of the Sixth Corps; it will move by way of Germantown and Bealeton, and will leave the route along the Warrenton Branch Railroad clear for the Second Corps.

3. Major-General Sedgwick will command the Sixth and Fifth Corps, which will compose the right column. He will relieve the cavalry pickets on his front. On reaching his position, his pickets will connect with those of the column at Kelly's Ford.

4. The Third Corps, Major-General French commanding, will move at early daylight to Kelly's Ford, by way of Elk Run and Morrisville.

5. The Second Corps, Major-General Warren commanding, will move at early daylight to Kelly's Ford, taking the route along the Warrenton Branch Railroad and the railroad to Bealeton, and thence by the Morrisville road, diverging so as to pass by Bowen's, former headquarters of the Twelfth Corps.

6. The First Corps, Major-General Newton commanding, leaving a division to guard the railroad, as already directed, will move to Morrisville by way of Elk Run, following the Third Corps, and be prepared to proceed to Kelly's Ford.

7. Major-General French will command the Third, Second, and First Corps, which will compose the left column. He will relieve the cavalry pickets on his front, and connect with the picket line of the column at Rappahannock Station.

8. The chief engineer will assign an officer of Engineers to General Sedgwick and General French. He will assign likewise two bridges to the column at Rappahannock Station and two bridges to the column at Kelly's Ford. The remainder of the bridge train will be held at Warrenton Junction and Bealeton.

9. The chief of artillery will assign ten of the siege guns to Major-General Sedgwick's column, and the remaining four to General French's column. The remainder of the Reserve Artillery, with is

