
train, will be equally distributed at Bealeton and Morrisville, and held ready to be sent to the columns.
10. Each corps will take with its so much of its small-arms ammunition trains as will give 40 rounds to the troops, its intrenching tools, ambulance trains, and hospital wagons. None of these trains, however, will cross the river, excepting ambulance trains, until specially directed to do so. All other wagons will be left in the rear - those of the Fifth and Sixth Corps parked at Bealeton, those of the Third, Second, and First at Morrisville. the pioneers will accompany the troops.

11. Buford's division of cavalry will move on the right flank, cross on the upper fords, and force the passage of Hazel River at Rixeyville. The chief of cavalry will direct General Buford to communicate and co-operate with General Sedgwick, commanding right column.

General Kilpatrick's division of cavalry will operate on the left flank, crossing at Ellis' or Kempter's Ford. He will communicate and co-operate with General French, commanding left column.

General Gregg's division of cavalry will be held in reserve, guarding the trains at Bealeton and Morrisville, and keeping open the rods communicating between the columns at Rappahannock Station and Kelly's Ford, and between Bealeton and Morrisville. General Buford will leave a sufficient force to protect the signal officer on Watery Mountain.

12. Headquarters will be in the vicinity of the toll-gate near Payne's house.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Left Column:

GENERAL: The order directing the movements for to-morrow, inclosed herewith,* assigns you to the command of the left column, composed of the Third, Second, and First Corps, which is to effect a crossing of the river at Kelly's Ford, a lodgment on the heights overlooking the crossing, and then moving toward Providence Church, assist the operations of the right column, under General Sedgwick, in dislodging the enemy from his position near Rappahannock Station. Should this be effected, the two columns will move forward to Brandy Station. In the event of General Sedgwick not being able to dislodge the enemy from his position at Rappahannock Station, his column will be withdrawn and thrown across the river at Kelly's Ford, to support you in the movement to Brandy Station.

The main force of the enemy is assembled between Brandy Station, Culpeper Court-House, and Stevensburg. He tolds Rappahannock Station and Kelly's Ford in force, with infantry (and probably artillery) at Ellis' Ford, Beverly Ford, &amp;c., and has thrown up defensive works at the crossings of the river. it is to be expected, therefore, that he will oppose your crossing. You will attack him vigor-

---------------

*See p. 425.

---------------

