
ously, throwing your whole force upon him, should it be necessary, and drive him from his position, and secure your own upon the high ground.

The movement toward Providence Church to co-operate with General Sedgwick must depend upon the progress he has made. You will maintain communication and connection with him, keeping yourself advised of the result of his operations.

Instructions for the further conduct of your operations will be given during the progress of those just indicated.

Upon reaching the vicinity of Kelly's Ford the presence of your column will be concealed as far as practicable from the enemy. Preparations for effecting the crossing of the river will be made during the night. The chief engineer will furnish two bridges for the use of your column and will send an engineer officer for your staff.

The chief of artillery will supply you with four siege guns.

General Kilpatrick's division of cavalry will cross at Ellis' or Kemper's Ford, and co-operate upon the right. He will communicate and co-operate with you.

A copy of General Sedgwick's instructions is sent herewith. He is furnished with a copy of your instructions. A tracing from a map from Rappahannock Station to Kelly's Ford has been already sent you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1863.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Right Column:

The orders directing the movements for to-morrow, inclosed herewith,* assign you the command of the column, composed of your own and the Fifth Corps, which is to be directed against the enemy in the vicinity of Rappahannock Station. The duty devolving upon you is to drive the enemy from his positions there on this and the other side of the river, and to move toward Brandy Station, between which locality, Culpeper Court-House, and Stevensburg the main force of the enemy is now collected, the crossing at Rappahannock Station and Kelly's Ford being held in force by him with infantry, and probably artillery at Ellis' Ford, Beverly Ford, &amp;c.

Reaching Rappahannock Station before sunset, the enemy should, if practicable, be driven from this side of the river at once, and the operations against their position on the opposite bank be commenced. In connection with these operations, ten siege-guns will be sent you from the Reserve Artillery. A lodgment on the opposite bank at Kelly's Ford and an advance from that point toward Brandy Station is the task assigned to the column commanded by General French, between whom and yourself constant communication and connection will be kept up during your operations against the position at Rappahannock Station and his against that at Kelly's Ford and during the advance of each upon Brandy Station.

---------------

*See p. 425.

---------------

