
NOVEMBER 7, 1863-9 p. m.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I advanced to-day with the army to the Rappahannock. Major-General Sedgwick, in command of the Fifth and Sixth Corps, advanced to the railroad crossing, where he drove the enemy to the river, assaulted and captured two redoubts with artillery on this side, taking a number of prisoners. Major-General French, commanding the Third, Second, and part of the First Corps, advanced to Kelly's Ford, driving the enemy in small force across the river, secured a lodgment on the other side, and captured several hundred prisoners at the ford. The advance and attack will be continued to-morrow. Prisoners report Ewell's, Hill's, and part of Longstreet's corps at present under command of General Lee.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 7, 1863-10 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General Sedgwick reports capturing this p. m. in his operations 4 colonels, 3 lieutenants-colonels, many other officers, and over 800 men, together with 4 battle-flags. General French captured over 400 prisoners, officers and men.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Grove Church, Va., November 7, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON;

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at Grove Church. Two regiments of Hampton's division of cavalry are on this river. We had a skirmish at Grove Church with a portion of this force. We have captured 1 prisoner. He informs me that the most of their infantry, the day before yesterday, were in the vicinity of Stevensburg. I have sent a staff officer to communicate with Major-General French at Morrisville. I have 2,300 effective men ready for any duty you may please to assign them.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Mount Holly Church, November 7, 1863-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General Carr will look out for the left and support all the batteries on the left. He will picket at least a mile to the left.

By command of Major-General Birney:

J. C. BRISCOE,

Captain, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

