
cross, he desires to know what force of infantry you would require, supposing you retain your artillery, to prevent the enemy from crossing to this side.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Grove Church, Va., November 7, 1863-7. 15 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: My people are at Ellis' Ford and have only seen a small force of cavalry. I have heard from General French. He has a division of infantry across the river, and was, at 5 p. m., laying the pontoons. He reports the enemy in rifle-pits about a mile from Kelly's Ford. The whole country here is full of bushwhackers, and several of my men have been killed or taken prisoners. Any messenger you may send should have a strong escort. I shall be at Ellis' Ford ready to cross at an early hour.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Third Cavalry Division.

SULPHUR SPRINGS, November 7, [1863].

Colonel SMITH:

It will be dark before all of General Gregg's pickets can be relieved. To-morrow morning early I will cross at Sulphur Springs, and try to force a crossing of Hazel Run, after which i will try to join the right of Sedgwick. My headquarters to-night are 1 mile in rear of Sulphur Springs.

Respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD.

NOVEMBER 7, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Right Column:

Rodes' division of Ewell's corps is at Kelly's Ford. French's command is now crossing. He had one bridge down at 5 p. m., and another under way. He captured 300 prisoners. Your three dispatches are received, that announcing the capture of the redoubts since I began this dispatch. The major-general commanding desires to know whether the enemy's bridge is still down, and whether you can throw a bridge across at once at Norman's Ford.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 7, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Left Column:

I am instructed to inform you that General Sedgwick took the rifle-pits on this side the river this afternoon and carried the two

