HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Kellysville, November 7, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: It is reported that a column of the enemy's infantry has been seen, passing a fire for half an hour in front of General Prince's line. The fire bears west by south from this [Kelly's] house, and the column passed to the left. The fire has just now burned so low as not to show the figures passing. The negro who lives there says the enemy have large camps to our left front in the woods.

Very respectfully,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 7, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Right Column:

The major-general commanding directs that the Fifth Corps, General Sykes, move at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning to Kelly's Ford, by the road running past Payne's house and the toll-gate, and be held ready to cross the river. You will also direct two brigades of your corps (Sixth) to follow Sykes to Kelly's Ford and protect the bridges and fords there. A brigade will probably be found sufficient to guard Norman's Ford. You will open upon the enemy's works at daylight, and make every demonstration as if you intended to cross in force, and, if you should find it practicable, you will effect a lodgment on the opposite bank. The force that crosses at Kelly's Ford will move in such a manner that a portion of it will be directed against the enemy near Providence Church, in order to open communication with you and allow you to cross. Keep the commanding general constantly advised of the force and position of the enemy as ascertained by you and of his movements.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 7, 1863-3. 45 p. m.

General KELLEY, Clarksburg, W. Va., and

General SULLIVAN, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

More troops will be sent west by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad early next week. See that the road is well guarded, and telegraph if you think that there is any serious danger.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., November 7, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

(Received 6. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I believe that all bands of guerrillas are below Strasburg. I have a cavalry force up the valley that will go through Front Royal to-

