
night, and, by way of Luray, to Edenburg. I have 300 cavalry at Strasburg, with orders to watch all movements up that way. I will increase infantry guards on all bridges immediately. I do not think there is need to fear any interruption.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, November 7, 1863.

General KELLEY:

Major Rust, of General Rodes' staff, Ewell's corps, is here, my prisoner. He says that General lee has but two corps; that they are being filled up with conscripts, but do not expect a fight this fall or winter, and that they will make a raid through the valley to collect supplies. The two corps with General Lee are Hill's and Ewell's. My scouts are out.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, VA.,

November 8, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 10. 20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

This morning, on advancing from Kelly's Ford, it was found the enemy had retired during the night. The morning was so smoky and hazy, it was impossible to ascertain at Rappahannock Station the position of the enemy, and it was not till the arrival of the column from Kelly's Ford it was definitely known the position at Rappahannock Station was evacuated. The army was put in motion, and the pursuit continued by the infantry to Brandy Station and by the cavalry beyond. Major-General Sedgwick reports officially the capture of 4 guns, 8 battle-flags, and over 1,500 prisoners. Major-General French took over 400 prisoners. Sedgwick's loss about 300 killed and wounded; French's, about 70. The conduct of both officers and men in each affair was most admirable.

It will be necessary before I make any farther advance to repair the railroad to the Rappahannock, which the engineers say will take five days.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,November 8, 1863-12. 06 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

General Birney, commanding Third Corps, reports a column of the enemy passing to his left for the last half hour by the light of a fire burning west by south from Kelly's house. The fire is so low now as not to show the figures passing. A negro who lives there says the enemy have large camps on my left front, in the woods. Major-General Newton has not yet reported to me, and I do not know where the First Corps is.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding Third Corps.

