
NOVEMBER 8, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

Your dispatch of 12 m. just received. The Third Corps was ordered to move forward to Brandy Station at 11 a. m.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA.,

November 8, 1863-7. 30 p. m. (Received 8. 05 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Imboden is certainly on Cedar Creek, near Strasburg, with two regiments of infantry and his cavalry force. I suppose he means to attack between Martinsburg and Cherry Run. I have 800 cavalry at Newtown, and will re-enforce Martinsburg with two regiments of infantry to-night, increasing my guards at the bridges along the road. I have the rebel mail, dated November 4, 1863.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG,

November 8, 1863-7 p. m.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling:

General Averell attacked Jackson's forces at Mill Point, in Pocahontas County, on the 5th instant, and drive him from his position with trifling loss. Jackson fell back to the summit of Droop Mountain, where he was re-enforced by General Echols, with Patton's brigade and one regiment from Jenkins' command. The position was naturally a very strong one, and was strengthened by breastworks commanding the roads. General Averell turned the enemy's left with his infantry, and attacked him in front with cavalry, dismounted.

The victory was decisive, and the enemy's retreat became a total rout, his forces throwing away their arms and scattering in every direction. The cavalry pursued until dark, capturing many prisoners and a large quantity of arms and ammunition, &amp;c. All the enemy's wounded have fallen into our hands. Our loss in killed and wounded is about 100.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 9, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Buford's division of cavalry that operated on my right flank, crossed the Hazel River at Rixeyville and pursued the enemy yesterday to the vicinity of Culpeper, which place he occupied this morning. Kilpatrick's division drove the enemy from Stevensburg

