
toward Raccoon Ford. The enemy, with the exception of a small cavalry force, have all recrossed the Rapidan. From the number of huts, the corduroyed roads, and information derived from citizens, it is evident the enemy contemplated wintering between the Rappahannock and Rapidan, and did not expect a resumption of active operations on my part.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. LEFT COLUMN, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Mount Holly Church, November 9, 1863-1. 15 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Newton has just sent to me a staff officer. he has two divisions massed at Morrisville. I ordered a brigade to report at daylight, but will direct his entire command to move.

The enemy are reported moving to the left of my front, probably on the Stevensburg road. They still hold a rifle-pit at the woods, a mile in front of the ford and covering the Brandy Station road. it would have been attacked last evening, but General Prince reported that he was afraid he would bring on a general engagement (?). It will be attacked at daylight, and I presume it is strongly re-enforced. My skirmishers and pickets are in the woods on the right and nearly enfilading the work.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 9, 1863.

General Prince stated to General Meade that he desired to attack, and asked authority for it, but was refused.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,November 9, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: An officer from General Kilpatrick has just reported, and states he is picketing within 3 miles of Raccoon Ford, up to the enemy's cavalry pickets, which extend to Pony Mountain. The enemy still have a force at Culpeper, but General Kilpatrick thinks that, with infantry to support him, he can take Pony Mountain and see what is going on. Some infantry and cavalry were seen going out the Sperryville road this morning. Shall Kilpatrick make the attempt for Pony Mountain?

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

