HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, War Dept., Washington:

The following report* is sent at the request of Major-General Pleasonton, who urges that it may be sent to General Meade immediately, so "that he may authorize a change in the present disposition of the cavalry as well as other corps. "

This is not the opinion of Major-General Slocum, nor mine, excepting partially in respect to the Cavalry Corps. I can get nothing from Watery Mountain signal officer, although I have directed observations to be made in reference to this report and made repeated inquiries. Will keep you advised.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1863.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Washington:

The following copy of a letter just received by me from General Williams is sent as corroboration of the dispatch transmitted 4. 30 p. m.:

FAIRFAX STATION,

August 9, 1863.

DEAR BROTHER: A rebel raid on a large scale is intended through this section within a week or two. I have this information a way that I consider reliable. It came from an officer in Stuart's cavalry, who, I think, has been stopping at Fairfax Court-House with his wife for some days, and left a day or two ago. It will probably come from Fredericksburg, by way of Dumfries and Occoquan, and strike the railroad at this point, with intention to destroy it to Manassas. Mosby, I think, is gone, as it was getting rather hot for him, but he has gained all the information desired of the positive strength of the forces guarding the railroads. Nothing can be easier than for 5,000 or 6,000 cavalry to sweep around Meade's army and gobble up the small forces along this road, destroy a large amount of stores at the various points, cars, locomotives, &amp;c., and tear up the railroad itself, so as to take weeks to repair it, and compel Meade to detach a large force to defend it. Would it not be best to give General Heintzelman this information?

JOB HAWXHURST

HUMPHREYS.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1863-7. 15 p. m. (Received 7. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7 p. m. received. Am I authorized to concentrate all the cavalry not on duty as picket guards? The commands are so scattered that it will take some time to concentrate any portion of them.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

