
BRANDY STATION, VA., NEAR CULPEPER,

November 9, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Kilpatrick reports that a column of rebel infantry was on yesterday evening marching toward Cedar Mountain and one of cavalry toward Sperryville. Detachments of infantry and cavalry (not in force) are seen leaving Culpeper on the Sperryville pike. The rebel pickets are in heavy line between Pony Mountain across the country to the hills on the south of the railroad and in front of Culpeper.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH.

[P. S.]- Kilpatrick could take Pony Mountain if supported by infantry.

NOVEMBER 9, 1863-12 m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

Your dispatch is received. The major-general commanding directs that you send a support of infantry to General Kilpatrick to enable him to take Pony Mountain. Your dispatch inquiring as to the position of the Second and Fifth Corps was received last night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 9, 1863-12 m.

The organization of the army into two columns made for the passage of the Rappahannock is hereby broken up and corps commanders will, as heretofore, report direct to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 9, 1863-12 m.

The following movements of troops are ordered and will take place at once:

1. The fifth Corps, Major-General Sykes, will take position on north side of Mountain Run, at Paoli Mills, sending a division to Kelly's Ford to guard the bridges. This division will post a brigade midway between Bealeton and Morrisville, at the point where the road to Kelly's Ford running to Carter's house leaves the Morrisville road. The division will picket so as to cover the supply trains moving by that route and the working party on the railroad.

2. The Second Corps, Major-General Warren, will take post between Paoli Mills and Brandy Station in such manner as to have good communication with the corps at those two points.

