
3. The Third Corps, Major-General French, will remain at Brandy Station.

4. The Sixth Corps, Major-General Sedgwick, will move to Welford's Ford, on Hazel River. The division of this corps at Kelly's Ford and Rappahannock Station will rejoin the corps upon being relieved.

5. The First Corps, Major-General Newton, will be placed as follows: One division at Rappahannock Station, with a brigade at Beverly Ford; the three brigades of another division will be, one at Bealeton, one at Liberty, and one near the railroad at crossing of Licking Run. These two divisions will picket so as to cover the supply trains passing along the route of the railroad and the working parties on the road.

The division of the First Corps now guarding the railroad from Manassas to Warrenton Junction will remain as now posted. The protection of the railroad is assigned to Major-General Newton.

6. The Artillery Reserve will be in the vicinity of Rappahannock Station.

7. One brigade of Gregg's division of cavalry will take post at Morrisville, and will picket toward Hartwood Church and the crossings of the Lower Rappahannock. The other brigade will take post at Fayetteville, and picket toward Waterloo and beyond Warrenton.

Kilpatrick's division of cavalry will take post at Stevensburg and picket toward the crossings of the Rapidan below the railroad crossing.

Buford's division of cavalry will be posted at Culpeper Court-House, and will picket toward the crossings of Robertson's River and toward the right.

8. Headquarters will be in the vicinity of Brandy Station.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,November 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: You will move your command to-morrow morning to Deep Run, between Hartwood and Grove Church, on the Morrisville road.

You will take on your horses 14 pounds of grain and three days' rations. You will see to this personally, on an inspection which you will make of your command, that each man has three days' rations and 14 pounds of grain before you march. You will place every man capable of doing duty, now on special duty (provided he can be spared from that duty), in the ranks, that your command may be as strong and efficient as possible.

All dismounted men and men having unserviceable horses will report at daylight to the division quartermaster.

By command of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick:

L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

