
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers -. Fort Monroe, Va., November 9, 1863.

In honor of the gallant dead, who fell while serving their country in its hour of peril - who, to save their country's honor, laid down their young lives on its altar, and whose memories should be preserved by us and coming generations as models of fidelity and truth - the several redoubts constructed and now constructing for the defense of Norfolk and Portsmouth are named as follows:

The redoubt on right of line in rear of Portsmouth, Fort Woodruff, in honor of Lieutenant Woodruff, First U. S. Artillery, who fell while in command of his battery at the battle of Gettysburg.

Center redoubt, same line, Fort Hazlett, in honor of Lieutenant Hazlett, Fifth U. S. Artillery, who fell while commanding his battery at Gettysburg.

Left recount, same line, Fort Cushing, in honor of Lieutenant Cushing, Fourth U. S. Artillery, who, although twice severely wounded, still retained command of his pieces until he received his death wound.

Redoubt on Ferry Point, Fort O'Rorke, in honor of Lieutenant O'Rorke, U. S. Engineers, colonel commanding One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, who fell while gallantry repulsing the enemy at Gettysburg.

By order of Major-General Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,November 10, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the two divisions of this corps took position last night at the point indicated in your circular of yesterday. When the Third Division joins it will be posted on the left, and I think must extend to near General French's right. It was too dark last night to make the connection of pickets, but it will be made this morning. My headquarters are at the Welford house, nearly opposite the ford.

Very respectfully,

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 10, 1863.

The following telegram is furnished for the information of corps commanders:

WASHINGTON, November 9, 1863.

Major-General MEADE:

I have seen your dispatches about operations of the Rappahannock on Saturday, and I wish to say, "Well done. "

A. LINCOLN.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

