
both official and personal, between himself and those serving under his command.

To the troops which formed a part of his old command in North Carolina, the commanding general bids an affectionate farewell.

From his first association with them at Annapolis, through the perils and trying days at Hatteras, up to the present time, his feeling toward them has been one of unalloyed satisfaction and pride.

Called to another field of duty,* he will continue to watch them with unabated interest, feeling confident that in the future they will exhibit the same qualities of zeal, courage, and devotion to duty which have distinguished their past career.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 29. Fort Monroe, Va., November 11, 1863.

I. By direction of the President, Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Volunteers, hereby assumes command of the Eighteenth Army Corps and Department of Eastern Virginia and North Carolina.

II. Each command of division, separate brigade, post, district, or detached command, and each chief of a staff department, will forthwith report to these headquarters the exact condition of his command and the supplies of his department, respectively, accompanied with such remarks in relation thereto as he shall see fit.

Each report shall have minuted there on the date of the reception of this order, and the date of the transmission of such report.

The utmost dispatch, minutes, and particularity are required in these reports.

III. The following-named officers are announced as upon the staff of the commanding general:

Colonel J. Wilson Shaffer, aide-de-camp, chief of staff.

Lieutenant Colonel J. McLean Taylor, chief commissary.

Lieutenant Colonel George A. Kensel, inspector-general.

Major Robert S. Davis, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel J. Burnham Kinsman, aide-de-camp.

Major Joseph M. Bell, aide-de-camp.

Major Peter haggerty, aide-de-camp.

Captain Alfred F. Puffer, aide-de-camp.

Captain Haswell C. Clarke, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant Frederick Martin, volunteer aide-de-camp.

IV. All orders heretofore issued in this department will remain in force until otherwise ordered.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[NOVEMBER 11 - DECEMBER 4, 1863. For correspondence and orders relating to reported organization in Canada of a raid into the United States, see Series III.]

---------------

*The Department of the Ohio.

---------------

