
considered serviceable when they left the depot. Inclosed please find copy of indorsement upon a previous communication which was referred to this bureau for a report. *

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 31. Fort Monroe, Va., November 12, 1863.

Representations having been made to the commanding general that certain disloyally disposed persons within this department do occasionally by force interfere with, and by opprobrious and threatening language insult and annoy, loyal persons employed in the quiet discharge of their lawful occupations, it is hereby announced that all such conduct and language is hereafter strictly forbidden, and will be punished with military severity.

All officers in this department are directed to order the arrest of, and to bring such persons as are found offending against this order, before the tribunal established for the purpose of punishing offenses within this department.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 13, 1863-11 a. m.

(Received 11. 45 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The enemy occupy in force the line of the Rapidan. My cavalry picket to the river in front. The army is in position from Welford's Ford, on the Hazel River, to Stevensburg. The enemy occasionally fire from their batteries on the Rapidan at the cavalry pickets. If you have no objection, I should like to visit Washington to-morrow to confer with yourself and the Secretary of War. The work on the railroad is progressing; it was to be finished to Bealeton yesterday, and work has been commenced on the Rappahannock Bridge.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

November 13, 1863-1. 20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

There is no objection to the proposed visit, and the consultation is desirable.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 59. Baltimore, Md., November 13, 1863. .

It is known there are many evil-disposed persons now at large in the State of Delaware who have been engaged in rebellion against

---------------

*See p. 419.

---------------

29 R R- VOL XXIX, PT II

