
AUGUST 14, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-Generals PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

Major-General Slocum directs me to say, in answer to your dispatch of 7. 15 p. m., that he is indisposed to make any material change in the disposition of the troops during the brief absence of General Meade, and intended merely to authorize the holding ready for concentration and movement all the cavalry not on duty as picket guards; that is, all of Gregg's division not on duty as pickets and supports of pickets should be concentrated at the most convenient point, all things considered, within the limits of his command, and held ready for general concentration and movement. The same of each of the other cavalry divisions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 14, 1863.

Colonel E. B. SAWYER,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that the First Vermont must move at once to Thoroughfare Gap and relieve Major Cooke.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SECOND DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,

August 14, 1863

Major General CARL SCHURZ,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to communication relative to certain delays in stationing railroad guards, I present the following:

The instructions touching recent changes in the position of the One hundred and sixty-eighth New York Volunteers were issued to the commanding officer of the Second Brigade on the night of the 12th instant. Why that command failed to occupy the specified points I am yet unable to state. As soon as it was reported to me last night that the dispositions ordered were not made, I sent a strong detachment from the Second Brigade to Bristoe and Kettle Run, with instructions to frequently patrol, respectively, to Manassas Junction and Walnut Run, until relieved by the One hundred and sixty-eighth New York Volunteers, and for the accomplishment of this a staff officer was sent at an early hour to be commanding officer of the One hundred and sixty-eighth New York Volunteers.

I am, general, with proper respect,

A. VON STEINWEHR,

Brigadier-General, Second Division.

