
the lawful Government, or who have given aid or comfort or encouragement to others so engaged, or who do not recognize their allegiance to the United States, and who may avail themselves of the indulgence of the authority which tolerates their presence to attempt to take part in or embarrass the approaching special election in that State. It is therefore ordered:

1. That all provost-marshals and other military officers do prevent all disturbance and violence at or about the polls, whether offered by such persons as above described, or by any person or persons whomsoever.

2. That all provost-marshals and other military officers commanding in Delaware shall support the judges of election on the 19th of November, 1863, in requiring an oath of allegiance to the United States as the test of citizenship, of any one whose vote may be challenged ont eh ground that he is not loyal or does not admit his allegiance to the United States, which oath shall be in the following form and terms:

I do solemnly swear that I will support, protect, and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies, whether domestic of foreign; that I hereby pledgee my allegiance, faith, and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution, or law of any State Convention or State Legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; that I will at all times yield a hearty and willing obedience to the said Constitution and Government, and will not, directly or indirectly, do any act in hostility to the same, either by taking up arms against them, or aiding, abetting, or countenancing those in arms against them; that without permission from the lawful authority, I will have no communication, direct or indirect, with the States in insurrection against the United States, or either of them, or with any person or persons within said insurrectionary States, and that I will in all things deport myself as a good and loyal citizen of the United States. This I do in good faith, with full determination, pledge, and purpose to keep this my sworn obligation, and without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever.

3. Provost-marshals and other military officers are directed to report to these headquarters any judge of election who shall refuse his aid in carrying out this order, or who, on challenge of a vote being made on the ground of disloyalty or hostility to the Government, shall refuse to require the oath of allegiance from such voter.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF DELAWARE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Dover, November 13, 1863.

All civil officers and good citizens of this State are enjoined to obey the above military order, issued by the commanding general of the Middle Department, and to give all needful aid for the enforcement of the same.

WILLIAM CANNON,

Governor of Delaware.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., November 13, 1863.

(Received 8. 40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

From your telegram of the 9th instant, I ordered all of my troops from the mouth of Antietam Creek, the Tenth New Jersey being now in the coal regions.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

