
and 6 miles distant. We shall get our reports in to-night, and will send one early to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, yours,

OTTO HARHAUS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Second New York Vol. Cav.

[P. S.]-The duty on our men is very hard, as I have not force sufficient to relieve those who went on yesterday.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., November 13, 1863.

Acting Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding N. A. Bkdg. Squadron, Newport News:

SIR: I recently visited Plymouth, &amp;c., and found Captain Flusser somewhat disturbed by a report which had reached General Wessells, to the effect that Mr. Lynch had been examining the channel of the Roanoke, with a view of bringing down the ram. At frequent intervals since I assumed command in North Carolina, I have posted Major-General Foster in relation to the boat at Edwards Ferry, and proposed expeditions for the burning of the same, but he never attached great importance to it, and supposed that it was intended only as a defensive agent. He replied that the troops in the department would not warrant the undertaking.

The works at Plymouth have been pushed with all dispatch possible, and I have added materially to the armament. A work is in progress for a 200-pounder Parrott with a center pintle, which will make everything very secure there. While waiting for the 200-pounder, I have ordered up a 100-pounder Parrott from Hatteras, which is the only available gun of the kind in North Carolina.

In regard to the report of an examination of the channel, I think it is accounted for by a number of deserters from Fort Branch at Rainbow, who state that week before last it was examined, and torpedoes placed at various points below Rainbow Bluff.

The difficulties of getting at he boat are greatly increased by the fact that an earthen battery for four guns has been constructed at Edwards Ferry, and is garrisoned by from 200 to 500 infantry. The Twenty-fourth North Carolina and one six-gun battery are at Hamilton. Fort Branch is an inclosed work of twelve rifled guns, including one 64-pounder and three 24-pounders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., November 13, 1863.

Mr. DIBBLE,

Merchant:

SIR: A schooner, believed to be the Alice Webb, with a miscellaneous cargo, was beached on the 4th instant, at a point inside of Bogue Inlet, and her cargo taken charge of by the Confederate military authorities. Circumstances seem to indicae that she was run ashore intentionally, with the design of evading the blockade, and

