
of the city. The militia regiments are only partially armed. The arsenal (State) with some 3,000 stand of arms and about 20 pieces of field artillery is without a guard, and the artillery without ammunition.

Although the information I have received shows that Johnson's Island is the immediate object of the combinations in Canada, I deem it important, in view of a probable attack on this city, that the Seventy-fourth Regiment of State Militia, numbering about 400 men, should be called into service for thirty days. I have called on Governor Symour, in accordance with the authority given me in your telegraphic dispatch, to order it out.

I have ordered a tug to be chartered and armed. There is not even a revenue vessel here. The only armed vessel on the lake is the Michigan, at Johnson's Island.

The most effectual remedy for the existing embarrassment is the removal of the prisoners. Johnson's Island on one side is separated from the land by a sheet of water only 5 feet deep. The whole harbor of Sandusky freezes over; and on the side I refer to the ice becomes strong enough to bear in two or three nights. It usually closes early. With this facility for escape, the security of the prisoners will be further diminished, although it must always be precarious, so immediately on the frontier.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

BUFFALO, N. Y.,

November 14, 1863.

His Excellency HORATION SEYMOUR,

Albany, N. Y.:

I find this city utterly unprepared for defense, and deem it very important, in view of combinations among refugees and their sympathizers, in regard to which, I have reliable information, that the Seventy-fourth Regiment of Militia should be called into service for thirty days. It is also very desirable that ammunition for the 10-pounder Parrotts in the State arsenal should be sent here immediately. I am authorized by the Secretary of War to call on the proper authority for volunteers, if necessary.

I have seen the mayor, J. Randall, and Colonel Fox, of the Seventy-fourth, and if authorized by you, the regiment will turn out at once.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 32. Fort Monroe, Va., November 14, 1863.

Major Joseph M. Bell, aide-de-camp, is hereby appointed provost judge of this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Major Stackpole, judge-advocate, is relieved from his duties as provost judge.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

