
AUGUST 14, 1863

(Received 11. 45 p. m.)

General H. W. HALLECK:

I have directed the Eighth, One hundred and tenth, and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, Third and Seventh Michigan, and First Minnesota Regiments to proceed to Alexandria to-day and report to you. These regiments are much weaker than I supposed at the time they were detached, numbering in the aggregate only 1,300 for duty. Other regiments will not probably be able to transport to-day more men than are already ordered.

GEO. G. MEADE

Major-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 14, 1863-11 	p. m.

(Received 11. 55 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Deserters from the enemy report the crossing at Fredericksburg of a regiment of cavalry with a battery of artillery, designed, it was said, to interfere with the navigation of the Potomac below Aquia- probably Mathias Point. Please notify the commanding officer of the Potomac flotilla, as, with the force reported at Fredericksburg, it would be risky for me to send after them.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 14, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that all the cavalry between the Hedgeman and Aestham Rivers will be immediately withdrawn, and that the observation and defense of the river on the front now held by you will be done solely by your the river corps, and that your pickets and supports and the disposition of your troops must be arranged accordingly. Should you deem it necessary to have more artillery to perfect the defense of any of the crossings, upon reporting the fact to these headquarters, it will be sent you from the reserve.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

August 14, 1863.

The major-general commanding directs that corps and other independent commanders keep their trains in readiness to move leading to the flanks and rear, so as to be prepared in the event of a movement being ordered.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

