
A camp near Raccoon Ford has just been broken up. Our cavalry reconnaissances have evidently disturbed the enemy. He has not withdrawn from the Rapidan.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

NOVEMBER 15, 1863-4. 15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Washington:

General Buford reports that his reconnoitering parties found infantry at Rapidan Station, this side the river, and infantry holding Somerville Ford.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON,

November 15, 1863-6. 40 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Your dispatch of 3 p. m. received. It is evident the enemy have not withdrawn from the Rapidan, but I do not like the reported passing through James City of a brigade of cavalry and the reported movements of infantry from Raccoon Ford. This has the appearance of an advance.

I had intended to leave here to-morrow at 9 a. m., which would bring me at headquarters by noon, but if you think, or have any latter intelligence leading to the conclusion, that the enemy is advancing, I will come out at once.

Please let me have an answer as soon as you receive this.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 15, 1863-7. 45 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your dispatch of 6. 40 p. m. just received. All the information received since my last dispatch indicates that the enemy is not advancing. The movements up the river from Raccoon Ford was probably caused by the advance of our cavalry reconnoitering parties to Rapidan Station, and to the crossings of Robertson's River. The brigade of enemy's cavalry at James City yesterday apparently came forward to reconnoiter, and, so far yet learned, returned across Reobertson's River, which is strongly picketed by cavalry, as Buford has just reported.

The report of the Pony Mountain signal officer at 6 p. m. shows that the enemy is incamped chiefly between Raccoon Ford and Orange Court-House. His camp smokes are likewise seen at Morton's Ford and the fords below that. No camp smokes indicating an advance upon either flank were seen. The movement of troops from Raccoon Ford up the river ceased soon after it was reported; it did not much exceed an hour in duration. The infantry this side

