
Numbers 5 shows, from a nearer point of view, the pontoon bridge ready for service.

Numbers 6 gives the view down the Eastern Branch with pontoon bridge to beyond Navy-Yard Bridge, and oarsmen having oars raised ready to move the bridge for dismantling. Parts of pontoon balk-head used for laying the bridge raft are shown in foreground as it was placed to save the men from the water, though rather delaying than expediting the work.

Believing that they would also be interesting at the Department, I have also added two other photographic views.

Numbers 7, showing the old or generally practiced method of laying bridges by successive pontoons.

Numbers 8, a view of the pontoon bridges laid by the engineer brigade under my command on the morning of April 29, 1863, at Franklin's Crossing, 2 1/2 miles below Fredericksburg. This shows in the distance the ruins of the villa of Mansfield, the site of General Bayard's death.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Near Fayetteville, Va., November 16, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Captain H. C. WIER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division:

SIR: I have the honor to report all quite along my lines this morning. Night before last, shortly the line of pickets was established, near Warrenton, 4 men and a corporal were found to be missing; no alarm was given. Last night several shots were fired at the vedettes along the whole front of my lines, but no serious attacks were made.

The guerrillas around Warrenton are very troublesome, always attacking my pickets after nightfall. The citizens do all in their power to help and encourage these people, and I fancy that by putting a section of my battery into position, about 1 1/2 miles this side of the town, with orders to open upon this place in case we are disturbed, no guerrilla raids will hereafter be made upon my lines. We are very short of forage. The missing men belong to First Rhode Island Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,November 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

To comply with the instructions to "picket beyond Warrenton," it is found necessary to completely envelop that town, so as to bring it within our lines and cut off communication between its disloyal inhabitants and the guerrillas who infest the country about. These two classes of people, not being permitted to have intercourse, are

