
investigation, and the applicant to be indorsed by the headquarters at Washington, Baltimore, or Clarksburg. My principal trouble is with a lot of persons, calling themselves scouts and detectives, who pass and repass our lines on passes secured from high authority. I have abolished the whole system.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 16, 1863-4 p. m.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore:

The Fourth Delaware Infantry has been ordered home. I do not expect to go to Gettysburg. The President, however, will go on Wednesday, and if you can leave your command at that time, he will no doubt be glad to be accompanied by you; but the other matter that comes off ont he same day, the 19th, is of so much importance that it is for you to consider whether you should be there or in Wilmington. When the order to go to Gettysburg was given, I had forgotten that he Delaware election occurred on that day, and I have been informed that it is expected some rebel sympathizers will be taken to Wilmington to overawe loyal voters. You are, therefore, left to act according to your discretion.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 119. Fort Monroe, Va., November 16, 1863.

* * * *

VIII. Brigadier General C. A. Heckman, commanding at Newport News, will order the following troops to report to Brigadier-General Getty, commanding United States forces at Portsmouth, Va.: Twenty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry; Ninth Regiment New Jersey Infantry; one squadron Third New York Cavalry; Howell's battery, Third New York Artillery.

The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR. DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 508. Washington, November 16, 1863.

* * * *

26. Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person at the expiration of his present leave of absence to the commanding general, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

