
The railroad was completed on last Monday, but is not yet in god working order, the storm of last Saturday seriously injuring it. So soon as the army is fully supplied, I shall move forward, turning either the right or left flank of the enemy. All general considerations are strongly in favor of operating on his right flank, as this movement will require a change of a portion of the army of only 12 miles, will not uncover my rear of communications, and in case of failure enables the withdrawal of the army without difficulty. To move on his left, and threaten Gordonsville and Orange Court-House, involves a march of 60 miles, entire abandonment of my communications, and exposed the army in case of disaster to having its retreat cut off.

Examinations are being made with a view of determining the practicability of turning the right by Germanna and Ely's. They will be finished by the time the army is supplied, which will be by to-morrow or next day, when I shall decide which movement to make, and at once proceed to its execution.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 20, 1863-3. 20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

I respectfully advise that you do not telegraph any tactical movements you propose making. To know them here beforehand can serve no object, and they may be disclosed to the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NOVEMBER 20, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General NEWTON,

Commanding First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your corps in readiness for concentration at Rappahannock Station, providing it with the rations and forage required by existing orders. it is intended that one division of your corps-probably that of General Kenly-shall remain to guard the railroad, and the distribution of which will be governed by information that will be furnished you at the time the order for concentration is issued.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAV. CORPS, A. P.,November 20, 1863-2 p. m.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff:

The officer I sent on a reconnaissance above the Rapidan did not return until a late hour. He reports that the enemy have but very few rifle-pits below Germanna Ford, and they show little or no force

