
WASHINGTON,

November 21, 1863.

Major-General COUCH,

Chambersburg, Pa.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of November 13, I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that you will dispose of a sufficient number of troops of your command as will furnish the necessary protection to the disturbed mining districts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,November 21, 1863-7 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: Two deserters have just come in, both very intelligent, who have been in the service three years.

They informed me that Ewell's corps is in position opposite my line of pickets, the left at Somerville Ford and the right resting on Mine Run, at Bartlett's Mill, or Burr Hill Post-Office, about 3 miles from the river, opposite Sevons' [?] Ford. Early's division and Rodes' division are on the river from Somerville Ford to Mitchell's Ford. The third division (Johnson's) occupies a line of intrenchments running back from Mitchell's Ford nearly perpendicular to the river. They represent the position this division occupieds as very formidable. Rodes' and Johnson's divisions moved up tot his point last Sunday, from near Orange Court-House.

Hampton's cavalry picket the river from Mitchell's Ford to Germanna Ford. There is no infantry on the river below Mitchell's Ford.

I am satisfied, from the information of these men and other reports lately received, that the enemy have, infantry and artillery, less than 40,000 men. Ewell's corps consists of three divisions-Johnson's Rodes', and Early's-each have from four to five brigades. Johnson's division has four brigade-Steuart's, Walker's, Stafford's, and Jones'. Rodes' division has five brigades-Ramseur's, Battle's, Daniel's, and Johnston's. Early's division has four brigades-Hoke's, Hays', Smith's old brigade, and one brigade, general unknown. Each brigade will number from 1,300 to 1,500 men, giving the corps 18,200 men.

Hill's corps is less than Ewell's, giving Hill's corps 18,000 men.

Major-General Lee has but 26,000 men in his two corps. Add to this, Pickett's division, numbering less than 5,000 men, gives him 41,000 men; take from this 1,607, Lee's official report of his loss at Rappahannock Station, and he then has about 39,000 men all told.

Each division has a battalion of artillery, giving each corps from forty to forty-eight guns. They have, besides, three battalions of artillery in reserve.

I have given these facts in detail, as the two men are worn out and cannot be sent in until morning.

Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Third Division.

