SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR. DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 518. Washington, November 21, 1863.

* * * *

22. Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, U. S. Volunteers, will relieve Major-General Schenck in command of the Middle Department at such time as the general may notify him of his readiness to turn it over.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 22, 1863-11. 40 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the railroad having been reconstructed, and the depot at Warrenton Junction broken up, a new disposition of your corps will be made.

He accordingly directs that you assign the duty of guarding the railroad too one division of your corps (General Kenly's, to the commanding officer of which a detachment of 500 cavalry will be ordered to report from Gregg's division, to aid in the execution of the duty. A brigade of infantry, with a battery of artillery, will be posted at Rappahannock Station. A force of infantry, if practicable, will be posted at each of the following points on the road, viz, Bealeton, Warrenton Junction, Catlett's, or Cedar Run bridge, Nokewsville, Kettle Run bridge, Bristoe, and Manassas Junction. The road will be strongly picketed from Manassas Junction to Bull Run bridge; the small bridges and the culverts will be guarded as usual, and the road patrolled and picketed.

Cavalry may be substituted for infantry at such points where it is found best suited to the object, and will be used for patrolling. The other two divisions of your corps, with the remaining artillery, will be concentrated at Rappahannock Station, and held ready to move with the supplies required by recent circular to be kept on hand.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, November 22, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I had the worst of the roads beyond Mountain Run examined. They are during up and are not bad, excepting in spots. Mountain Run, where the fords are, is belly deep for a horse.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 22, 1863-8 p. m.

The commanding general desires to see corps commanders at his headquarters at 1 p. m. to-morrow, the 23d. Please acknowledge.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

