
your instructions of the 12th instant. Brigadier-General Palmer reports everything quiet in North Carolina. To-morrow I shall proceed on a tour of inspection.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Norfolk, August 14, 1863.

Captain JOHN C. LEE,

Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: You will take command of the army steam tug Currituck, and forthwith proceed to the shore of this department referred to in the printed orders hereunto attached,* and which extends from the mouth of the Western Branch of the Elizabeth River to Pig Point. You will prevent all boats from approaching that shore nearer than the southern side of the main channel of the James and Elizabeth Rivers, and you will seize all boats that leave the shore. Your attention is especially directed to the capture and destruction of all boats that may attempt to enter or depart from the Nansemond River and you will burn all boats found in that river. You will seize all boats that attempt to enter or depart from teh Western Branch. You will, after the 15th instant, destroy all boats not numbered wherever found. You will report to these headquarters at least twice a week in person and by letter as much oftener as circumstances may require, sending promptly such information as you may deem important.

By command of Brigadier-General Naglee:

GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Norfolk, August 14, 1863.

Lieutenant C. D. WILLARD,

Nineteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers:

You will forthwith assume command of the army tug boat General Jesup and proceed to the Albemarle Sound, where you will watch constantly and closely the water courses that flow into it from Princess Anne, Currituck, and Camden Counties of this department. You will burn all boats that you find upon the Pasquotank River, and seize and destroy or send to this place all boats or other vessels that you find engaged in contraband trade. No fisheries will be allowed unless by special permission from these headquarters, and then you will satisfy yourself that all the restrictions that may be imposed are complied with. You will enforce the provisions of the special orders hereunto attached, * for which purpose you will communicate as often as necessary with the United States forces on the Pasquotank River. You will report, via the land forces above referred to, once a week to these headquarters, and more frequently if you have any important information to communicate.

By command of Brigadier-General Naglee:

[GEORGE H. JOHNSTON.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See sub-inclosure p. 58.

---------------

