
NOVEMBER 23, [1863]-2 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff;

GENERAL: I have just heard that United States Ford is blocked up with fallen timber, and it will take half a day to clear it. Shall I not send General Gregg's command across at Ely's Ford? He can move from Morrisville by way of Ellis' Ford. Please give me an answer as soon as you can. It is important to change Gregg's orders.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 23, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow, the 24th instant:

1. The Second Corps, Major-General Warren commanding, will move at daylight, marching to Germanna Ford, taking the main dirt road, keeping on the right-hand side of the road, between Madden's and Brannan's, to admit of the passage at the same time of the Fifth Corps. Upon reaching Germanna Ford, the passage of the river will be forced (should the enemy dispute it). After crossing the Rapidan, the corps will move on the Germanna plank road to the old turnpike to Orange Court-House, and advance to Robertson's Tavern, if practicable.

2. The Third Corps, Major-General French commanding, will move at daylight, crossing Mountain Run at Ross' Mills, enter the Germanna plank road at the first cross-road leading to it (past Holley's), and diverge from it between Mitchell's and Willis', and cross the Rapidan by the bridge in the vicinity of Jacobs' Mills. Should the passage to the river be disputed, the Third Corps will co-operate with the Second Corps in forcing it. Having crossed, the Third Corps will move on the Jacobs' Ford and Robertson's Tavern road and take post on the right of the Second Corps, on the road from Raccoon Ford to Robertson's Tavern, covering the right from approach in the direction of Bartlett's Mill.

3. The Fifth Corps, Major-General Sykes commanding, will move at daylight, enter the main ridge road at Madden's (keeping on the left-hand side), and proceed by way of Richardsville to Culpeper Ford, where it will cross the Rapidan, and move by the shortest route to the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road at parker's Store, and, if practicable, advance upon that road to the cross-road from Robertson's Tavern.

4. The Sixth Corps, Major-General Sedgwick commanding, will move at daylight, and follow the route of the Third Corps, crossing Mountain Run at Ross' Mills. It will leave a division in the vicinity of Jacobs' Mills, to cover the removal of the bridge at that ford and to protect the line of communication by Germanna Ford. The Sixth Corps will take post in rear of the Third Corps on the Jacobs' Ford road.

5. The First Corps, Major-General Newton commanding, will move at daylight by way of Paoli Mills, and follow the route of the Fifth Corps, crossing the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford. If practicable, it will move to the Orange and Fredericksburg plank road. It will take post in rear of the Fifth Corps.

