
6. The Reserve Artillery will follow the First Corps and park in its vicinity.

7. When two corps take the same route, the commanders will keep each other advised of their position and progress, and the commanders of the leading corps on each of the three routes will communicate and co-operate with each other. All corps commanders will keep the commanding general constantly advised of their progress.

8. Detachments of cavalry, each 100 strong, with 3 commissioned officers,w ill report for duty, respectively, to Major-General French, Major-General Sykes, and Major-General Warren. A bridge train will likewise be sent to each of these officers. Siege guns will be sent from the Reserve Artillery to Major-General Warren.

9. Each corps will take with it the ammunition trains, ambulance trains, including the brigade medicine wagons, and the spring wagons and ambulances authorized for the several headquarters; but these will not cross the river, excepting one-half the infantry ammunition wagons (30 rounds per man). Ambulances in the portion of those of one brigade for each division and the spring wagons and ambulances authorized for the several headquarters.

10. The trains not already specified will be parked in the vicinity of Richardsville, under the direction of the chief quartermaster.

11. Gregg's division of calvary will move on the left flank. Kilpatrick's division of cavalry will continue to guard the fords of the Rapidan until further orders,a nd will be held ready to move. Buford's division of cavalry will be disposed on the right, to cover the movement.

12. The trains will be so moved as under no circumstances to interfere with the movements of the troops.

13. Headquarters will be in the vicinity of Germanna Ford.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 24, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

In consequence of the rain, it is not expected that a movement of the army will take place before the 26th instant. Commanders will keep their supplies replenished from the depot.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to other corps commanders.)

CAMP PAOLI MILLS, VA.,

November 24, 1863-10 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: My command marched this morning at 5. 30 o'clock. The order suspending the movement found me at the point where the roads divide, going to Germanna and Ely's Ford. My leading

31 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

