
division, with the brigades, was in the vicinity of Richardsville. The rivulets are much swollen, and the roads so much soaked that the trains would have had great difficulty in passing over them. This is especially the case off the main road. The wheels of my leading batteries cut through in places half way to the axle; it would have been much worse for those to come after. My troops are now completing their return to camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,November 24, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I sent this morning to halt General Gregg's command. I have not yet heard the result. It is probably my aide-de-camp would meet him between Ellis' and Ely's Fords, with orders to halt there until the infantry began to move over to the Rapidan.

As the movement is postponed until 26th, shall Gregg remain where he is found or return to Morrisville?

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, November 24, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: It is every desirable that I should have in command of the troops in this city and harbor one who has some familiarity with administration. In the removal of General Canby to Washington I have sustained a very great loss. Major-General Peck, who is now in command at New Berne, would fill his place better than any one whom I now think of, and if he can be spared I request that he may be ordered here with as little delay as possible. He is thoroughly acquainted with men and things here, and can be of great service to me in case of any trouble.

I am very desirous of having 200 men ordered from Elmira (where they are just now not needed) to Fort Porter, Buffalo. They are part of a detachment of 500 belonging to the invalid corps. they can still remain under the control of the provost-marshal of that district, and in case of future need, be recalled to Elmira. the frontier from Erie to Champlain is really defenseless, but I am unwilling to ask for troops fit for service in the field.

The territory of Canada cannot, without a violation of British law and of every rule of internationl duty, be sued for fitting out expeditions against us by disloyal citizens, who have sought a refuge there from calamities they have brought on themselves. On application to the British minister, it seems to me that he must geel bound to give such instructions to the Canadian authorities as to secure an interpositions of the military force to prevent such a violation of their territory. I am not satisfied that there is any very extensive combination

