HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 26, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

My left is 2 miles, and I picket a mile beyond. I have sent an aide with a citizen, who will show the artillery the river road from Germanna, on this side.

Respectfully,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -The bridge cannot be taken up to-night, as the Sixth Corps will be passing.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 18TH A. C., DEPT. VA. AND N. C., Numbers 39. Fort Monroe, Va., November 26, 1863.

Hereafter no permits for trade within his department will be valid, unless the same shall have been approved at these headquarters for the District of Virginia, or by the commanding officer of the District of North Carolina for said last-named district.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 18TH A. C., DEPT. VA. AND N. C., Numbers 40. Fort Monroe, Va., November 26, 1863.

Already large expenses are thrown upon the military within this department, by the numerous applications for requests for permits for imports and exports, and for passports and other permits, for the payment of which no appropriate means have been provided; and whereas there is no good reason existing why such expenses should not be borne by the persons hereafter applying for a request for a permit to import into or export from this department shall pay at the rest of 1 per cent. upon the invoice value; that for every passport issued there shall be paid the sum of $1; that for every permit granted to any vessel to enter or trade in this department there shall be paid the sum of $3; that all the foregoing fees are to be paid to and received by the provost-marshals, to constitute a provost fund, to meet expenses.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 18TH A. C., DEPT. VA. AND N. C., Numbers 41. Fort Monroe, Va., November 26, 1863.

The following is the staff of Major General B. F. Butler as completed:

Colonel J. Wilson Shaffer, aide-de-camp, chief of staff.

Colonel H. C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, provost-marshal-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Herman Biggs, chief quartermaster.

Lieutenant Colonel J. McL. Taylor, chief commissary.

Lieutenant Colonel George A. Kensel, assistant inspector-general.

