
Liuet. Colonel R. V. W. Howard, inspector of artillery.

Major R. S. Davis, assistant adjutant-general.

Surg. Charles McCormick, medical director.

Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Kinsman, aide-de-camp.

Major J. M. Bell, aide-de-camp.

Major Peter Haggerty, aide-de-camp.

Major J. L. Stackpole, judge-advocate.

Captain William Cogswell, commissary of musters.

Captain F. U. Farquhar, chief engineer.

Captain A. F. Puffer, aide-de-camp.

Captain H. C. Clarke, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant Jasper Myers, chief of ordnance.

Lieutenant Frederick Martin, volunteer aide-de-camp.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler.

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 27, 1863-12 m.

Major-General MEADE, Army of the Potomac:

General Grant's operations to-day will probably cut Longstreet's line of communication with Bragg. If Burnside holds his position at Knoxville a few days longer, Longstreet will be obliged to retire up the line of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, to rejoin Lee. If the Army of the Potomac does not act soon, it may find Lee re-enforced by Longstreet's army.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

November 27, 1863-12. 15 a. m.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-day, November 27:

1. Second Corps, Major-General Warren, will move at 7 a. m. along the turnpike to Old Verdierville.

2. Third Corps, Major-General French, will move at 7 a. m. on the Robertson's Tavern road, and close up on the Second corps.

3. Fifth Corps, Major-General Sykes, will move at 7 a. m. to New Verdierville.

4. First Corps, Major-General Newton, will move not later than 7 a. m. on the route of the Fifth Corps, and close up on the Fifth Corps.

5. Sixth Corps, Major-General Sedgwick, will move as soon as the Third Corps has cleared the road, and, as his artillery, &amp;c., has joined him, close up on the Third Corps. One division of the Sixth Corps will remain near the river until the trains have crossed at Germanna and the bridges are taken up.

6. The ammunition trains, ambulances, &c., directed to remain on the north bank of the river, will cross and join their corps; those of the Second, Third, and Sixth Corps at Germanna; those of the Fifth and First at Culpeper Ford.

7. Reserve Artillery will cross at Germanna, follow the route of the Second Corps, and halt before reaching Robertson's Tavern, so as not to interfere with the march of the Third Corps.

