
river bank, which now connects with those of the Second Brigade of this division, forming a continuous line.

At Kemper's Ford, Colonel Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, has constructed a rifle-pit commanding the ford, and a large work, capable of containing his whole command, about 100 yards in rear.

About a dozen rebel cavalry have appeared to-day near Kemper's Ford, and Colonel Ireland has just reported to me that two regiments of rebel infantry have appeared about one-quarter of a mile above the ford.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. GREENE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD CAV. DIV., August 4, 1863.

(Received 11. 45 a. m)

Captain J. L. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report all quiet along our picket line up to 1 o'clock last night. The occupation of Fredericksburg by the enemy's infantry and cavalry is fully confirmed. Captain Hamilton reported that he saw part of our Twelfth Corps crossing the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford and that the First and Third Corps, or parts of them, were already across the river at other points. If this be so, I do not think our pickets will be molested any more on the Rappahannock.

I think that in my hasty report of last night, I did not make it very clear as to what vedettes of Major Darlington were driven in. The attack was from teh direction of Fredericksburg. The river at [or] near Fredericksburg is represented as fordable, and the enemy's force yesterday 6,000.

I shall do myself the honor to call at your headquarters this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD B. SAWYER,

Commanding Brigade.

WASHINGTON,

August 4, 1863

Brigadier-General KING:

The major-general commanding desires that you send two parties of cavalry, of 60 or 70 men, to scout and beat up thoroughly the country in the vicinity of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, one party taking the north and the other the south side. The party going south should call upon Stiles, the guide in Alexandria, through Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, provost-marshal-general.

No mercy need be shown to bushwhackers. These guerrillas must be destroyed.

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

