
The major-general commanding thinks it due to you to communicate the information received at these headquarters, and to acquaint you with the contingencies that may arise.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 15, 1863

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

Our cavalry in your front, immediate and advanced, is withdrawn and will not be replaced. We leave now no cavalry whatever on the Aestham River, nor on the Hedgeman River or Rappahannock above the fort near Beverly Ford, nor between those rivers. Cavalry scouts will move out constantly from Waterloo toward Little Washington and the mountains. Your front must be watched by your own pickets.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 15, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

Your dispatch relative to the number and arrangement of the force guarding the railroad depots and bridges from Bealeton to Union Mills (or vicinity) is received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that it was not intended to reduce the force of the railroad guard of 12 men per mile; that guard in groups of 4, one-quarter of a mile apart, is to be constantly maintained. In addition to the railroad guard, there is to be a guard for each railroad station and each bridge. The guard at Warrenton Junction should be not less than 100 men. The whole force of railroad guard, station guard, and depot guard should be from 800 to 900 men.

A. A. HUMPHREYS

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 15, 1863-9. 15 p. m.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Army Corps:

The commanding general directs that the following regiments of your command proceed to Alexandria to-morrow, under the command of Brigadier General T. H. Ruger, for service, with the nature of which you are acquainted, viz: Second Massachusetts, Third Wisconsin, Twenty-seventh Indiana, and Fifth, Seventh, Twenty-ninth, and Sixty-sixth Ohio Regiments. You will please also send the One hundred and seventh New York Regiment if you think it advisable to do so.

The regiments will march to Rappahannock Station, where railroad transportation will be furnished them. No supplies will be

