
sent an officer on the road to Robertson's Tavern from this road, and he lost a man and a horse. Said he was fired into by infantry; is positive a small party.

I do not know whether the enemy will try to move on the Catharpin road or not. He seems to be inclining to my left, which extends across the railroad embankment. I am about 3 or 4 miles from Verdierville. The officer of mine who went to Warren reported all quiet there. I do not like the presence of infantry on the road between Warren and me. As I was directed to move cautiously beyond Parker's Store, I shall retain a defensive position until I hear from you.

I know nothing of what is taking place elsewhere. I am on the plank road beyond Parker's Store, at a church. Prisoners taken say they came from Orange Court-House this morning and belong to Heth's division. Let me hear from you by return orderly.

Respectfully,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 27, 1863-6 p.m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding desires to know what progress you have made in effecting a junction with General Warren, and whether you are able to take some road leading to Robertson's Tavern instead of passing through the dense wood.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-The brigade at Mitchell's should be withdrawn at once.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,Jacobs' Mills Ford, November 27, 1863-6 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: You will be in readiness to move your division forward as soon as General Carr has stretched out his division. You will keep well closed up on the Third Division, looking well to your right flank, while you will cover with a strong force of flankers thrown well out.

By command of Major-General French:

O. H. HART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 27, 1863-6.15 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

GENERAL; You will send out a strong picket, and direct them to be on the alert for any movement of the enemy. Exercise great

