
[CHAP. XLI.

whether any changes have taken place in the disposition of the enemy. Each corps commander will also see that a route practicable for wagons as well as troops is open from his rear to Robertson's Tavern, and that a route for communication between the various corps is open in the rear.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,November 29, 1863.

Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the party sent to examine the ground in my front have returned, and state that the stream in front is passable at all points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 29, 1863-1 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Cline is just in He went first to Chancellorsville, where he found a detachment of the enemy's cavalry observing the roads leading to Fredericksburg. They belonged to Rosser's brigade. Being pursued, Cline retired, and at the forks of the plank road another party of the enemy's cavalry pursued them. They (Cline's party) then came to Parker's Store and there tried to get through the Wilderness by some of the wood roads, but found them all full of the enemy's cavalry, apparently observing every approach to Fredericksburg and the Catharpin road. Cline tried to reach the Catharpin road, but was unable to do so.

About half way between Robertson's Tavern and New Hope Church, on the plank road, Cline saw a lady who left New Market Cross-Roads day before yesterday morning. Her daughter's husband works in a tobacco factory at Frederick's Hall Station, and she reported that-

Many things were going back on the cars to Richmond and no soldiers were coming up; that from Spotsylvania Court-House toward Chancellorsville the roads were all picketed by cavalry.

She had no idea of the force, and could give nothing more definite. She had seen no infantry.

In the Wilderness, just back of New Hope Church, Cline captured 5 prisoners, whom he turned over to the Fifth Corps. They were from the Fifty-fifth Virginia and Forty-seventh Virginia, of A. P. Hill's corps, and report their division (Heth's) as being the right of the enemy's line. The right of the enemy's line is at New Verdierville, or a little in advance, on the plank road, where they are posted on a ridge, with their encampments in the rear.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

