HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1863-1.15 p.m.

Colonel HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am between Jones' and plank road. Mine Run is in a field in which I am. All open. Jones' house in same opening. Have been to plank road by one path. Am following another nearer to Mine Run. Have driven all pickets to the other side and away back out of the opening into the woods. A rebel soldier from Georgia I have taken says he has seen a battery on the south side of plank road near the west side of Mine Run, but does not think there is any infantry there. Saw perhaps a guard. I shall soon know if it is there.

Yours,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have received information that General Warren is moving up the plank road. General Prince furnishes it.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. PA. RES., THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1863-3.10 p.m.

Major-General SYKES,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have made a careful reconnaissance of the enemy's line in front of the Fifth Corps. It is my opinion that the line of attack for the corps, if it is determined that we should attack simultaneously with Generals French and Newton, should be to the right of the fire of 4 1/2-inch guns in my front. If this view be correct, I should close up the gap toward Bartlett, instead of his closing to the left.

The pine woods in his direct front and where the headquarters of the brigade at present on picket are located, come to a point where the ravines meet directly in our front. An attacking line making use of these woods, and forming upon their edge under cover, would carry the intrenchment in their front over the reduced distance, weakened as their long line must be by the fire from the heavy guns now in position along our front. If the corps attacks over the open space, directly in its front, not only will the artillery in position be unavailable as we descend our own slope and ascend that of the enemy, but the line will be so exposed over the whole space as to offer but a very slight chance of success.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

33 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

