
I have looked at the ground occupied by the enemy and cannot see a practicable point or line upon which my command, supported or unsupported, could do anything but carry in such an exhausted state, while they will be in full force to take advantage of it. Should General Warren turn the enemy, a bold movement on the left in conjunction would change the result, but even then there would be no decisive result to compensate.

I am ready, however, to act with all my vigor to carry out such orders as the general commanding, in his knowledge of the whole line, may direct.

Respectfully,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,November 29, 1863-7.05 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Corps:

COLONEL: I am encamped on the right of the Second Corps on the continuation of its line. Immediately in rear of my right is Jones' house. I have given orders to have my pickets to connect on the right with General Carr's. A branch of Mine Run is in my rear, but the main body of the run is in my front. The valley of the small branch is between my position and General Carr's. The enemy looks strong in front, and there are crossing places from his position to mine. The space is wide between the Second and Third Divisions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 29, 1863-7.20 p.m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding desires to see you at these headquarters immediately.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 29, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send two divisions of your corps to report to General Warren on the plank road, the divisions to start at 2 a.m. to-morrow. You will open your batteries to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock punctually. You will hold the remaining division of your corps prepared to resist an attack from the enemy, and also to advance upon him should the result of the attacks at other points be successful, or to move to other points of our front.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

