
[CHAP. XLI.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 29, 1863-10.45 p.m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you post your corps early to-morrow morning, so as to hold the turnpike. The troops of the Fifth and Sixth Corps left here have been ordered to report to you. With your command you will hold the position on the turnpike, and be prepared to advance and attack the enemy should the results of the other attacks make it desirable, or move to the left or right, according to the dispositions which the enemy may make it necessary to have made. You will open your batteries at 8 o'clock in the morning punctually.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,November 29, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, there will be a general assault on the rebel lines at 8 a.m. to-morrow, at which time all the batteries will open fire. At 7 a.m. you will deploy one brigade of your division as skirmishers, the left extending to where the left of our main line now is, and the right to the left of the First Corps. These troops will be placed so as not to expose them to the fire of our own guns.

The other two brigades will be deployed as supports to the batteries, ready to advance as soon as the attack on the enemy's flank proves successful. Every train and encampment must be moved back to Robertson's Tavern, to be out of way of the enemy's shelling.

By command of Major-General French:

JNO. M. NORVELL,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,

November 29, 1863-11.20 p.m.

The divisions of General Prince and General Carr will report to Major-General Warren, on the plank road, starting at 2 a.m. to-morrow, the 30th instant. If practicable, they will draw 20 rounds of ammunition to-night, which the men will carry in their pockets. Take the three days' rations, if you have not already drawn them. Send all teams not required back to Robertson's Tavern. Batteries will open here at 8 a.m.

By command of Major-General French:

JNO. M. NORVELL,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

