
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 29, 1863-11.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Clarksburg, W. Va.:

The greater part of Jones' force is now at Knoxville, Tenn., and there can be very little opposition to a movement against the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND, MD., November 29, 1863-9 p.m.

(Received 10.25 p.m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The General-in-Chief's telegram of this date received. I have been anxiously awaiting the movements of General Meade, hoping that he would be able to drive Lee's army from Gordonsville and Charlottesville, in which event I could move my force up the Valley of the South Branch of the Shenandoah and occupy Staunton, and hold a line west from that point running through Covington, in Alleghany County, and Lewisburg, in Greenbrier County, and thence to the mouth of Gauley, and thereby shorten my present line several hundred miles; but if you deem your information reliable, and think it best to do so, I can send General Averell, with his whole force, by way of Franklin, Monterey, Covington, and Fincastle, and strike the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad at Salem, in Roanoke, or Bonsack's Station, in Botetourt, or both points. I can also, if you approve, send General Duffie, with his two regiments of cavalry, from Kanawha, via Fayetteville and Raleigh Court-House, and strike the railroad at points between Wytheville and Christiansburg at the same time.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NOVEMBER 30, 1863-7.45 a.m.

General MEADE:

It is now 7.45 and I have no firing from you, from which I fear the enemy has left your front. His position and strength seem so formidable in my present front that I advise against making the attack here. The full light of the sun shows me that I cannot succeed.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

Please advise the commanding general as soon as the division returns to you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

[P. S.]-Please acknowledge.

