
[CHAP. XLI.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,November 30, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Your message to General French received at 9.30 a.m., and forwarded immediately to him by orderly.

O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1863-10.15 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have but one prisoner so far this a.m., send in a few minutes ago from the Third Corps. He is from Gordon's brigade, Early's division, and was taken by skirmishers of Third Corps to our left of the turnpike. He said his command is between Johnson's division and A. P. Hill's corps; that the enemy is all there; that three days' rations of flour was issued last night. He stutters, and is very indefinite.

10.30 a.m.

Fourteen prisoners sent in by General Birney from Sixth Louisiana and Sixty-first Georgia, Early's division, and Forty-eighth Georgia and Fifth Florida, Anderson's division. They were taken by General Birney's skirmishers half a mile to our left of the pike, along the creek. Early's division is the right of Ewell's corps and Anderson's the left of A. P. Hill's corps. They had three days' rations issued last night. One of them had heard a report that Pickett's division had come up, but the more intelligent did not believe it, and nothing had been seen of it.

Respectfully,

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 30, 1863-3 p.m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that your order the division of the Third Corps remaining with you to return to the corps and report to General French. The return movement should be so conducted as to avoid the observation of the enemy. He also desires to know whether any additional information has caused any changes in your views as to the practicability of an attack by our left. General Wright reports that although the enemy have increased the obstacles in the way, yet that he does not deem an attack there impracticable. He still has hopes of success.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

