
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 1, 1863-1.30 a.m.

Corps commanders are directed to place under charge of a competent officer all wagons and ambulances, excepting one-half the infantry and artillery reserve ammunition, and ambulances in the proportion of the ambulances and medicine and hospital wagons of a brigade to each division to be sent to the rear, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the army.

One-half of the artillery of each corps will accompany the Reserve Artillery, which will be sent to the rear, under the direction of the chief of artillery.

This order will be carried into effect immediately.

The chief quartermaster will designate the roads which the trains will take.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officers First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Corps, Cavalry Corps, chief of artillery, and chief quartermaster.)

DECEMBER 1, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

All my pickets report the enemy's artillery moving to the left in the night. Infantry is reported moving in the same direction this morning. These reports I do not regard as very positive information. I have ordered a reconnaissance, with infantry, to my left.

General Gregg's cavalry I sent back to him last night. I also withdrew General Terry's division to a position from which it can move free from the observation of the enemy. I am glad the disposition of the artillery, &amp;c., leaves us so free to move.

I would earnestly advise General Meade not to go back till compelled to from lack of provisions. Can we not send infantry to replace our cavalry gaurding the trains, and bring it up. I send you a copy of the Army and Navy Journal General Meade gave me, and call your attention to a rebel article on cavalry. Read the part I have marked; it is but a line. We need cavalry for such purposes.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

DECEMBER 1, [1863]-8.10 a.m.

Major J. C. DUANE:

The position of the enemy in front of General Warren on the (our) right of the old railroad cut is very strong, there being an almost level plain of nearly 1,000 yards, over which troops must advance to take rifle-pits and batteries on crest, some 30 feet high. On the left of railroad cut the distance to be passed over by troops under fire is about 300 yards. What I could see of this part of the line seemed to be breastworks protected by abatis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. MACKENZIE,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

