
DECEMBER 1, [1863]-2.45 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

There is nothing new on our left and front. I send you a sketch* made by Mr. Roebling. Our most advanced cavalryman on the Catharpin road was shot to-day. We have 12 men there now.

The dispatch I received shows some move is contemplated. I was about proposing to go, if nothing else was contemplated, to Tolersville and Frederick's Hall Station. At least, that is the point I should have proposed the day I got here but for the operations yesterday.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,December 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding Cavalry Corps will dispose of that arm so as to cover the right flank until the infantry corps have crossed the Rapidan and the rear, after crossing by holding the river. The two brigades of infantry of the Third Corps with General Gregg will remain witht the cavalry and take post with them at Culpeper and Ely's Fords until after the passage of all the trains and troops, when they will rejoin their corps at Brandy Station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: With your division, the brigade from Merritt's division, and the two brigades of infantry of French's corps, at Parker's Store and the Wilderness, you will cover the movement of the army to the other side of the Rapidan River. After performing this duty you will, on crossing that stream, take up positions at Germanna, Culpeper, and Ely's Fords, to prevent the enemy from following.

Place some pickets also on the Rappahannock side, to prevent surprise from that quarter.

All your wagons should be sent over before night, as the movement will take place during the night, and it is expected you will be able to be on the other side of the Rapidan by daybreak.

One of your brigades had best cross at Germanna and protect that road.

The bridges will probably be taken up before you get to the river. Cross your artillery, therefore, at the best ford.

Headquarters to-night at or near Germanna Ford.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 933.

---------------

34 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

