
[CHAP. XLI.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,December 1, 1863-4.20 p.m.

General WILLIAMS:

I have nothing new to report. Have you anything to send me before the line is taken up?

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

SIGNAL STATION,

December 1, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The signal officers at the front report the following message as having been sent from Clark's Mountain to General Lee this p.m.:

Enemy's trains moving between Wilderness and Germanna Ford, and also toward Stevensburg on Ely's Ford road.

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,December 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General CARR,

Commanding Third Division, Third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your division will follow the Second Division (Prince). Have staff officers at the heads of your brigades, so that they may follow the route of the troops which are to precede them.

The pickets will remain on until 3 a.m., 2nd instant, when they will be assembled on the turnpike with the pickets of the First, Fifth, and Sixth Corps, under the direction of the general officer of the day of the Fifth Corps. After crossing Culpeper Ford, you will mass your corps near the Second Division, picketing on your right and rear. The detached brigade you will direct to remain with the cavalry.

You must keep up your communications with the rear division, and should that halt you will do the same. About this you must be particular.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 1, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-day and to-night:

1. The First Corps, Major-General Newton commanding, will withdraw from its position on Mine Run (part of the Fifth Corps relieving it), concealing the movement from the enemy, and march at 4 p.m. to Germanna Ford, where it will take position and hold the crossing of the river until the Fifth and Sixth Corps cross, when it will follow those two corps as soon as the road on the opposite side is clear. It will then form the rear guard, and use every precaution to insure the safety of the rear. It will take post at the termination

