
[CHAP. XLI.

7. The trains and artillery will precede the head of each corps, excepting such artillery as may be needed for the rear guard of the rear corps.

8. Corps commanders will so conduct the withdrawal of their troops as to avoid the observation of the enemy. In conducting the march, every effort will be made to prevent any accidental deviation from the route.

9. The major-general commanding the Cavalry Corps will dispose of that arm so as to cover the right flank until the infantry corps have crossed the Rapidan, and the rear, after crossing, by holding the river.

The two brigades of infantry of the Third Corps with General Gregg will remain with the cavalry and take post with them at Culpeper and Ely's Fords until after the passage of all the trains and troops, when they will rejoin their corps at Brandy Station.

10. The pickets will not be withdrawn until 3 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd instant. Those of the Sixth, Fifth, Third, and First Corps will be assembled under the command of the officer commanding the pickets of the Fifth Corps, and will be conducted by him on the route of the Fifth Corps. After crossing the Rapidan the pickets will rejoin their corps. The pickets of the Second Corps will follow the route of that corps.

11. Headquarters will take the route of the column that crosses at Germanna, and will be found on the route between the Fifth and Sixth Corps as far as the Rapidan. At Germanna Ford it will be found at the former headquarters there, and afterward on the route to former headquarters near Brandy Station, through Stevensburg. At the close of the march headquarters will be at the former locality, near Brandy Station.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officers First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Corps, Cavalry Corps, chief of artillery, chief commissary of subsistence, chief engineer, and provost-marshal-general.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 1, 1863.

The commanders of the pickets of the Sixth, First, and Third Corps will arrange with the commanding officer of the pickets of the Fifth Corps as to the time when and order in which they will be withdrawn from their posts and assembled upon the point of assemblage.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., December 1, 1863-6 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Colonel G. H. SHARPE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Lee has about 40,000 men. There are about 2,500 scattered about and around Richmond. About 2,500 at Hanover Junction and points

