
adjacent. Pickett's division, about 4,000 strong, guards the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad. Bragg has in all 90,000.

J. L. McPHAIL,

Provost-Marshal-General of Maryland.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 1, 1863.

(Received 11.10 p.m.)

General D. H. RUCKER,Chief of Quartermaster's Department:

I have telegraphed to Ferguson, at Alexandria, to have forage and subsistence loaded on cars and held in readiness to come forward, on my order (probably to-morrow), to Brandy Station. I do not believe we shall want any supplies at Aquia or Bull Run. It looks now as though the campaign must disappoint all our reasonable expectations. I shall deplore it, because the army is in splendid condition, and was handsomely equipped by our department. It is hoped, however, we shall emerge successfully.

If you have caused forage to be put on light-draught vessels, let it remain for the present, though I feel bound to say we shall be back at Brandy to-morrow. From recent indications, the rebels are said by corps commanders to be too strongly intrenched for successful assault by our forces.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., December 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Harper's Ferry:

You will order your available cavalry force, with two regiments of infantry and a battery, to move up the Valley of the Shenandoah on Thursday, the 10th instant, with fifteen days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, and cattle on the hoof; shleter tents, plenty of ammunition, but not extra or unnecessary baggage. Will proceed, by easy marches, to Strasburg, where the force will remain until the 17th instant, when it will move forward, if Imboden retires, to Woodstock, and thence to Mount Jackson, New Market, and Harrisonburg, occupying the latter place on the 20th and 21st, and threatening Staunton with cavalry. On 22d, the force will take up the line of march and return to camp.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 1, 1863-8.10 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

Are you willing to take McDowell and spare Peck for General Dix?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

