
the brigade and artillery of General Newton posted there. General Newton will send some force to Mitchell's Ford to hold and watch it until relieved by the cavalry.

Very respectfully,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 2, 1862.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding has directed General Sedgwick's corps to remain here to-day. You will follow the Fifth Corps to Stevensburg. A brigade of the Sixth Corps will relieve your brigade and artillery at Germanna Ford. The brigade you send to Mitchell's Ford will remain there until relieved by the cavalry.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 2, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General WARREN, Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that as the Sixth Corps are to remain in the vicinity of Germanna Ford to-day, the division of that corps now with you will remain under your command until to-morrow, when it will rejoin its corps at Welford's Ford.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

General HUMPHREYS:

I have already ordered General Terry to his old camp, and all his wagons, tents, &c., have gone there. As I presume there is no military necessity for me to countermand this arrangement, I have assumed the responsibility of letting him go on, as that may be stopped if disapproved.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 2, 1863-11.35 a.m.

Major-General FRENCH, Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that the two brigades of the Third Corps detached yesterday to General Gregg will half at Richardsville, instead of joining their corps, and remain there guarding the trains of the army, and follow in their rear until they have crossed Mountain Run, when the brigades will rejoin their corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Published to Generals Prince and Carr at once. Detached two regiments from General Birney.

