
[CHAP. XLI.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,December 2, 1863-4.10 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have one division (Prince's) ahead of the column of trains. Two brigades are left to cover the rear. The remainder of the corps I have been enabled to mass about 4 miles from Madden's. As soon to-night as the trains permit the march will be resumed. The trains are moving along well in three columns.

Respectfully,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 2, 1863-11 p.m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move to Rappahannock Station and assume charge of the protection of the railroad. Your troops will relieve those of the First Corps under command of Brigadier-General Kenly, now guarding the road, who will direct the detachment of cavalry now serving with him to report to you.

The point at which troops are stationed are Rappahannock Station, Bealeton, Warrenton Junction, Cedar Run, or Catlett's, Nokesville, Kettle Run brigade, and Manassas Junction. The force now stationed at Bristoe, Catlett's, or Cedar Run brigade, and Manassas Junction is not deemed sufficient, nor is that at Bealeton. The disposition of the First Corps previous to the late movement was as follows (it will serve as a guide to the views of the major-general commanding): One brigade at Rappahannock Station; one brigade at Beverly Ford; one brigade at Bealeton, with a detachment at Liberty; one brigade at Elk Run bridge and Germantown; one brigade at Bristoe, and one brigade distributed at the other bridges and stations already enumerated.

The small bridges and culvert were guarded by detachments, and the road picketed and patrolled. That part between Manassas Junction and Bull Run bridge should be strongly picketed. Pickets should be established by the brigades and posts.

Some artillery was distributed to the troops at Bristoe and Warrenton Junction; the remainder was at Rappahannock Station, with some pieces at Beverly.

Very respectfully, &amp;C.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 2, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps to Paoli Mills, on Mountain Run, and occupy the position formerly occupied by the Fifth Corps. You will send a brigade to Kelly's

