
Ford, which will take post on the north bank. The division of your corps now guarding the railroad will be relieved by the Fifth Corps, when it will report to you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 2, 1863-11.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Commanding Division Guarding Railroad:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that you will be relieved to-morrow, if practicable, from guarding the railroad by the Fifth Corps.

You will turn over to the commander of that corps, Major-General Sykes, the detachment of cavalry serving with you on that duty.

Upon being relieved you will march your division to Paoli Mills and rejoin your corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 72. Cumberland, Md., December 2, 1863.

* * * * *

V. It appearing that there are 200 persons residing or remaining at and in the vicinities of Charleston, Fayetteville, and other points in the Kanawha Valley, and belonging to the families of soldiers in the service of the United States; of refugees from sections occupied by rebels in arms, and in some cases of citiens arrested and placed in confinement as dangerous to the Government, who are in a suffering and destitute condition, and that issues of subsistence stores to such persons are absolutely necessary, it is directed, in pursuance of authority given by the honorable Secretary of War, under date of April 22, 1863, that the chief commissary of subsistence of the Third Division of this department make such issues as may be necessary issued to be made under the direction of Brigadier General E. P. Scammon, commanding Third Division, who will decide as to the amount of issue, and also as to the number of the persons to be benefited by this order, should it hereafter vary from that herein indicated.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General B. F. Kelley:

THAYER MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY,

December 2, 1863-7 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

Meade is on the back track again without a fight.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

