
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Near Portsmouth, Va., December 6, 1863.

Respectfully transmitted to department headquarters, with a copy of my reply.

The tone of this communication is manifestly improper, and I desire that General Wild may be so notified.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Near Portsmouth, Va., December 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILD,

Commanding U. S. Colored Troops, Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: Your communication of the 4th instant has just been handed to me.

All colored persons coming into the lines occupied by the troops under my command from the enemy's country have at all times and under all circumstances been received and assisted in their way as much as possible. If you possess any knowledge to the contrary, be pleased to inform me. I have no knowledge whatever of the expedition referred to in your communication.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 5, 1863-11.15 a.m.

Corps commanders will hold their commands in readiness for immediate movement and have the trains ready to move to the rear.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officers First, Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,December 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the army directs that you move up one of your brigades here, so that it can be thrown out to the right of the army, if necessary, leaving one brigade to picket the lower fords of the Rapidan, having its headquarters wherever you think best to picket these fords. I think the brigade you move up had better come to near Brandy Station, and then receive orders, if it is necessary, for it to go over to the right. General Merritt reported that some of the enemy crossed at Somerville Ford this

