
[CHAP. XLI.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPT.,December 5, 1863-8.45 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In answer to your inquiries the signal officer on Pony Mountain states that Lieutenant Myers, of General Merritt's staff, was the officer who reported that a force of the enemy was moving toward Criglersville, and that he informed Captain Castle of it at 12 m., but did not say when the move occurred.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer, A. P.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,December 5, 1863-11 p.m.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff:

I keep myself thoroughly informed of the movements of the enemy on my immediate front. I am positively certain that the enemy have not attempted to throw a bridge across the river at any point of my line. How General Merritt should receive such a report is more than I can imagine. The enemy did cross a regiment of infantry to-day to annoy my pickets, but were driven back.

Two deserters have just come in, belonging to a North Carolina regiment of Ewell's corps, Rodes' division. They report that Ewell's corps occupy the same ground and position. They report that Ewell's corps occupy the same ground and position they did before the late movement of this army. Hill's corps is near Orange Court-House. The rebels are not supplied with advance rations on hand, but draw each day. They anticipate no movement.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,December 5, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

My troops are in Stevensburg. I remain in my old camp near telegraph office, writing my report. I shall join my command when necessary. I send you the following dispatch, just received:

DECEMBER 5-12 m.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General:

GENERAL: The cavalry are all in Stevensburg, occupying every piece of woods and available piece of ground. Consequently the divisions have been placed in position in the best places to be found, for the day only, until it is known whether the cavalry is to remain here. Certainly it or our corps should move. Webb is just in the angle between the Raccoon and Germann Ford roads, say, half a mile out of town. Hays is toward Brandy Station, from Stevensburg, and about 1 mile from Webb. Caldwell is about half a mile between Webb and Hays, and not far from the forks of the Raccoon and Germanna Ford roads.

