
A report came here just now that the enemy are crossing at Somerville Ford-cavalry, infantry, and artillery. A messenger saw about 100.

Custer's pickets have been driven back to their reserves. I have heard a little random picket firing. I have thought prudent to order the supply and ordnance trains to the other side of Mountain Run.

Headquarters is near General Davies' headquarters.

C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,December 5, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Adjt. General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In obedience to circular of the 3rd instant, directing the repair of roads, I employed 1,500 men on the road leading from Brandy Station to Stony Ford all of yesterday. To-day I relieved them to move camp, and the road is one we shold no longer use in drawing supplies. It will still need a great deal of work to make it passable in all weather.

I have carefully inspected the approaches to the bridge built by General Webb, just below Ross' Mill, and find them very good for any train taking the road leading to that point, and not likely to be out of order, in the worst of weather. There is no evidence yet of the approach having ever caused any difficulty.

Very respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 66. Baltimore, Md., December 5, 1863.

Considering it my duty to accept the place in Congress tow hich I have been elected, I tendered to the President of the United States the resignation of my commission as a major-general of volunteers. My resignation has been accepted, to take effect this day. To-day therefore, I retire from the military service of my country, and thus relinquish the command of the Middle Department and Eighth Army Corps, which, by authority of the President, I turn over to Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, U. S. Volunteers, the senior officer next in rank within the department.

In thus passing from military to civil life, I cannot but deeply feel the sundering of associations and relations, which have been so agreeable, with the gallant armies, officers, and soldiers of the Union, with whom I have been connected ever since the beginning of this civil war. It has been my expectation and desire to continue to devote whatever powers and energy I have to the sacred cause of sustaining our National Government in a more active field of duty; and I only bring myself to consent to the change in thehope that I may, by earnest endeavor, make myself useful in the new position to which I am called by the voice of fellow-citizens of my native State, whose wishes I am not willing to disregard.

I especially regret to part with the companions of my present command; to all the officers and men of which, as well as to the mem-

