
[CHAP. XLI.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 18TH A. C., DEPT. VA., AND N. C., Numbers 47. Fort Monroe, Va., December 6, 1863.

Captain John Cassels, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, is announced as aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding, and provost-marshal at department headquarters.

He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND,

December 7, 1863.

Colonel AUGUSTUS MOOR:

You will receive orders from General Averell this a.m. You will move at once with all your available force, leaving a force to guard your supplies at Beverly, on the Lewisburg road as far as Droop Mountain, and threaten the enemy. Reach there on Friday if possible.

General Scammon will attack him at Lewisburg on Saturday. When you learn the result of Scammon's movement, you will fall back to Beverly, bringing with you all the wounded able to travel, taking with you two days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK,

[December] 7, 1863.

Colonel AUGUSTUS MOOR:

Beverly, Va.:

March with your command to-morrow morning. Arrive at Marling's Bottom on Friday, the 11th instant. On the 12th and 13th, you will move toward Frankfort, endeavoring to communicate with General Scammon, who is expected to arrive at Lewisburg on the 12th. Remain in the vicinity of Droop Mountain, acting upon any information you may receive and availing yourself of any opportunity to strike the enemy, until the 18th; then return to Beverly, bringing with you the wounded of this command and of the enemy which were left after the battle at Droop Mountain.

By order of General Averell:

WILL. RUMSEY,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

CUMBERLAND,

December 7, 1863-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General SCAMMON,

Charleston:

You will move at once with your cavalry, one battery, and two or three regiments of infantry, on Lewisburg. Time your march so as to arrive at Lewisburg on Saturday, the 12th, when you will attack the enemy vigorously, and capture or drive him out. You will hold the place till the 17th or 18th, threatening the enemy constantly with

