
your cavalry toward Union. The object of this is to engage the attention of the enemy while General Averell is completing his expedition against the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad at Salem and other points. Troops will move to-day from Beverly, and threaten Lewisburg from the north, but will go no farther than Droop Mountain. Take with you fifteen days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, plenty of ammunition, but no extra or unnecessary baggage.

Having accomplished the object of your expedition, you will return to Charleston, and report by telegraph.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 543. Washington, December 7, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

2. The telegraphic order, dated December 5, 1863, from this office, relieving Brigadier-General Garrard, U. S. Volunteers, from duty with the Army of the Potomac, and directing him to report in person without delay to the Adjutant-General of the Army in this city, is hereby confirmed.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, December 8, 1863.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Cavalry Corps:

All quiet on the lines and in front.

I respectfully call the attention of the proper authorities to the condition of the citizens of Culpeper and its environs. Almost all of them are suffering for the necessaries of life, and some will starve soon if their, condition is not bettered by issues the commissaries. Very few, if any will take the oath of allegiance to the United States Government;some refuse from prejudice, others from fear of their neighbors, who, they say, would persecute them for the action. Nor would administering the oath of allegiance to such people do any good, for they would not probably consider themselves bound by it, as they reason that it is forced upon them. I do not allow these people to go out of the town limits, as they steal through the lines, and, being rabid female rebels, give the enemy information. Something must be given them to eat, though.

Very respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, December 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

What instructions had better be sent to General Merritt?

C. ROSS SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

