
CUMBERLAND, MD., December 15, 1863-10 a.m.

(Received 2.10 p.m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

The following telegram just received. I have no news yet from Averell. I expect he will reach the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad to-day at or near Salem. Scammon was directed to reach Lewisburg on Saturday, the 12th. I hope to hear from him to-day. It appears from Sullivan's telegram that Imboden is being re-enforced by Lee. May I ask you to direct General Meade's cavalry to keep a close watch upon any movement into hte Shenandoah Valley?

DECEMBER 15, 1863-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

Full reports from my troops at Strasburg this morning; skirmishing continually. Reports that the enemy have re-enforced Imboden, and intend occupying the valley. I have taekn 32 prisoners - some from Ewell's corps. Colonels Wells and Boyd are vigilant.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 16, 1863-10.45 p.m.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY, Cumberland:

The following is take from the Richmond Whig,of December 16:

Although there appears to be no doubt of the movement of Averell from Kanawha in the direction of the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, the War Department has received no additional information from that quarter. The enemy's movements, so far as known, seem to indicate a raid on the railroad or probably uponn the counties of Boteburt, Rockbridge, or August.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOS. T. ECKERT,

Major, and Asst. Supt. U. S. Military Telegraph.

NORFOLK, December 16, 1863.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER, Chief of Staff:

The following communication has just been received:

ELIZABETH CITY, Sunday, December 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General BARNES,

Commanding, Norfolk:

SIR: I have the honor to report that we still hold Elizabeth undisturbed. The forage sent the gunboat having exploded her cylinder. I am just sending a request to General Graham for another gunboat to be sent in her stead immediately to this place. Our expedition meets with moderate success. No casualties excepting 2 men wounded, and 1 captured by guerrillas. I send this by Roanoke Island.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

EDWARD A. WILD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General.

