
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., December 17, 1863.

Commanding Officer at Burke's Station:

The rebels have attacked our front at Sangster's Station. The commanding general directs that your troops sent on their arms and that all guards and patrols be on the alert.

WM. A. LA MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, December 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Flood reports the bridge this side of Sangster's Station on fire, and found it impossible to cross on account of the swollen stream. He sent some men across on the burning string-pieces, who, on their arrival on the other side, were fired at by a volley of 60 or 70 shots. Captain McAnally, with 34 men, are missing. The force of guerrillas is estimated between 200 to 400 men. The company at Sangster's are said to have fought well. Will report from time to time.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]- I gave Colonel Lowell early notice.

YORKTOWN, December 17, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER:

This afternoon rebel cavalry came down to my lines at Gloucester. Captain Poor, with one squadron, was sent out to reconnoiter, drove in the advance, and found a large force of rebel cavalry 4 miles out in line of battle. Being too many to attack, he returned t oa position 1 mile in front of the pickets. I am sending over a detachment of cannoners to man Fitch's battery, whose men have just gone on furlough, also 300 colored infantry. I am in no condition to-night to make an attempt on their rear with infantry by way of the river. It is raining violently, and the men exhausted, may of them without shelter. Will try it to-morrow if the opportunity continues. They will not attack, I fear.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, December 18, 1863.

Colonel TAYLOR:

COLONEL: A dispatch from Washington, from General Augur, says General Rosser's brigade left Fredericksburg Wednesday night last. Crossed the Orange and Alexandria Railroad last night at Sangster's Station, attempting to destroy the bridge, but, failing to

