
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 68. Baltimore, Md., December 18, 1863.

I. General Orders, No. 51, from these headquarters, bearing date October 21, 1863, constituting the First and Third Separate Brigades, Eight Army Corps, is hereby revoked.

II. The following troops of this command will constitute the First Separate Brigade: Third Regiment Delaware Volunteer Infantry, Colonel S. H. Jenkins; Third Regiment (Potomac Home Brigade) Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Gilpin; Purnell Legion Maryland Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Samuel A. Graham, and such other troops as may be assigned to duty in that section of country within this department lying west of the Chesepeake Bay, south of and adjacent to the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, excepting the command of Colonel C. A. Waite, U. S. Army, and the hospitals at Annapolis Junction.

Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the First Separate Brigade, with his headquarters at the Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

III. The following batteries will constitute the Artillery Reserve of this army corps: Baltimore Battery Light Artillery, Captain F. W. Alexander; Battery H, Third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Artillery, Captain Rank; Battery A (Junior Artillery), Maryland Volunteers, Captain Bruce; Battery B (Eagle Artillery), Maryland Volunteers, Captain Joseph H. Audoun.

Captain F. W. Alexander, Baltimore Battery, senior officer of light artillery, will assume command of the Artillery Reserve, receiving orders from, and reporting directly to, these headquarters.

IV. The following regiments and detachments of cavalry will constitute the cavalry reserve of this army corps: Third Regiment Maryland Volunteer Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Tevis; First Regiment Connecticut Cavalry, Captain E. W. French, commanding; First Battalion Delaware Volunteer Cavalry, Major N. B. Knight.

Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Tewis, Third Maryland Cavalry, senior officer of cavalry, will assume command of the Cavalry Reserve, receiving his orders from, and reporting directly to, these headquarters.

All orders conflicting with the present organization of the command are hereby revoked.

By command of Brigadier-General Lockwood:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORKTOWN, December 18, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER:

Followed the enemy in Gloucester two hours before daylight this morning, with 100 cavalry, artillery,and infantry following in close support. The rebels ran - would not fight at any price. My cavalry chased them 10 miles, and are now returning. The destruction here is terrific. All hands not engaged in pursuing the enemy are busy clearing the wreck. The very surface of the solid earth is altered at the scene of the explosions. Whole loss to the Government which the troop's labor cannot replace will not exceed $40,000, which will be reduced by picking up shell, not, and bullets. No life lost. Conduct

