
Regiment New York Volunteers. General Ledlile has received full instructions from me. It may be necessary to use the gunboat to tranfer the Ninety-eight New York from Pongo to Coinjack Bridge, Currituck Court-House, or Northwest Landing, as the exigencies of the service may demand.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 22, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF TE ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit a copy of an order issued by me, designed to carry out, in this army, the orders and instructions of the War Department relative to the re-enlistment of veteran volunteers.

It is not in my power, at the present moment, to say what number of men have re-enlisted or agreed to re-enlist prior to this date, but I place the number, approximately, at 10,000 infantry and 2,500 cavalry.

I do not consider that a greater number of men can be spared at present, although it is hoped that a considerable number will yet re-enlist; and, if so, they can be furloughed when the men about to leave return to duty.

Under the discretion left to me in General Orders, No. 376, of the 21st ultimo, from the War Department, I have directed that individual furloughs be given, believing that this would be more acceptable to the men generally than an order to report to the superindtendents of the recruiting service, in their respective States, for furloughs and reorganization. When, however, three-fourths of a regiment or company re-enlist, the men will be allowed to go home in a body with their officerrs, and to take their arms with them.

The period of the furlough has been fixed at thirty-five days, so as to allow the men, as far as practicable, thirty days within the limits of their States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 329. December 21, 1863.

1. With the exception hereinafter indicated, corps and other independent commanders are now authorized to grant individual furloughs for thirty-five days, which must cover the entire period of the soldier's absence from his company and regiment, to such men of their respective commands as may have, up to this date, re-enlisted, or having, since the issue of the circular from these headquarters dated December 17, 1863, signified their intention to do so, shall at once re-enlist as veteran volunteers, under the provisions of General Orders, Nos.191, 305, and 376, from the War Department.

3. When three-fourths of the men of a regiment or company re-enlist, such portion of the regiment or company will be allowed

