
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 22, 1863.

1. The pickets of the Sixth Corps will extend from Freeman's Ford to the Rixeyville road, about 3 miles from Culpeper.

2. The pickets of the Third Corps will extend from the left of those of the Sixth Corps on the Rixeyville road to Mountain Run, opposite Gaines' Mill, where they will connect with the right of the pickets of the First Corps. They will commence again at the left of the pickets of the First Corps a Inship's, foot of Pony Mountain, and extend along the front of Mountain Run, joining those of the Second Corps near the road from Stevensburg to Morton's Ford.

3. The pickets of the First Corps will extend from Mountain Run, near Gaines' Mill on the right, around to Inship's on the left. They will connect on the right and left with the pickets of the Third Corps.

4. The pickets of the Second Corps will extend from the Stevensburg and Morton's Ford road to the Rappahannock River, and up that river above Kelly's Ford.

5. The general line to be occupied by the pickets is indicated on the map sent herewith.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officer First, Second, Third, Fifth,and Sixth Corps, Cavalry Corps, and chief engineer.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 331. December 22, 1863.

I. The First Corps will move to Culpeper and post one division near the line of railroad, well toward Mitchell's Station, to support the cavalry picketing from Raccoon Ford to the right. With this object in view, the division will throw forward a brigade close up to the cavalry at Mitchell's Station (the infantry will move at the same time as the cavalry). The infantry brigade will picket the open ground in its front, and connect with the cavalry pickets on its right and left. The duty of supporting the cavalry will be performed by the divisions of the First Corps in turn.

A special guard around the town of Culpeper will be maintained by the First Corps.

II. The Second Corps will keep one brigade posteed in the vicinity of Sheppard's Grove Post-Office, and one in advance of Stevensburg, on the road to Morton's Ford, to support the cavalry picketing from Morton's Ford to the left.

III. Special directions have been given for posting the cavalry corps.

IV. The infantry picekt line will be established in accordance with the instructions and map inclosed herewith.

V. Daily memoranda, similar to those required at the camp near Falmouth, will be made and transmitted daily to these headquarters,
---------------

*Not found.

---------------

