
as soon as the necessary blanks are furnished, and they will be sent to corps commanders and to the chief of staff department as soon as practicable.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GETTY'S HEADQUARTERS, December 22, 1863.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A dispatch from General Wild addressed to yourself has just been handed me. I have positive information that none of the enemy are at or about South Mills. The force that visited that place have retired, a portion acrss the Blackwater and the remainder across the Chowwan. They could not possibly be overtaken by a force marching via Suffolk.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Near Portsmouth, Va., December 22, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER,Fort Monroe:

I submit the following, derived from best information, of the recent movements and designs of the emey:

On Wednesday and Thursday of last week, a considerable force advanced from the Blackwater, passing through Gates County, N. C., for the purpose of opposing the march of the troops under General Wild, who,it was reported, intended marching from Elizabeth City upon Hertford, Edenton, &amp;c., and from thence through Gates County to Suffolk. A portion of this force advanced as far as the Pasquotank, and after destryoing the bridges, ferries, &c., returned.

To draw attention from the force sent against General Wild, infantry and artillery were concentrated at each of the points, Franklin and Zuni, for the purpose of making a demonstration in this direction via Suffolk. The force at Franklin advanced as far as Carrsville. Of that at Zuni I have no information. No doubt the movement was suspended in consequence of the withdrawal of General Wild's force to the east side of the Pasquotank. All is quiet at Suffolk and South Mills to-night.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 18TH A. C., DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C. No. 58. Fort Monroe, Va., December 22, 1863.

In compliance with the following general orders from the War Department, command is assumed of the counties of Saint Mary's, in Maryland, and Northampton and Accomac, in Virginia, and they are hereby annexed to this department.

