
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, December 21, 1863.

Ordered, that the county of Saint Mary's, in the State of Maryland, and the counties of Northampton and Accomac, in the State of Virginia, be, and they are hereby, annexed to the Department of Virginia, under the command of the general commanding that deparmtent.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS.18TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF VA., AND NC., No. 29. Fort Monroe, Va., November 11, 1863.

II. Each commander of division, separate brigade, post, district, or detached command, and each chief of a staff department, will fortwith report to these headquarters the exact condition of his command and the supplies of his department, respectively, accompanied with such remarks in relation thereto as he shall see fit. Each report shall have minuted thereon the date of the reception of this order, and the date of the transmission of such report.

The utmost dispatch, minuteness, and particulariy are required in these reports.

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

All officers in command of troops and posts in those counties will immediately report to these headquarters, in accordance with Paragraph II, General Orders, No. 29, from these headquarters, hereunto annexed.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 23, 1863.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The following dispatch has just been received from the Adjutant-General's office, and is published to corps commanders for their information and government. It will be seen that in modifies somewhat Paragraph 2, Special Orders, 329.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 23, 1863.

Major-General MEADE:

Under the telegram of the 21st instant, in relation to meaning three-quarters veteran volunteers regiments: No drafted men will be permitted to go on furlough with regiments. To volunteer recruits, or those who have joined since original organization of regiments or company, only those will be permitted to go on furlough with the regiment who are willing to re-enlist, and who, within three months,will come within the limits of re-enlistments.

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

37 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

