
a preliminary report in the morning as soon as it can be made, and a more full report afterward. Your dispatch stopping the publishing of the Old Dominion paper is received.

Respectfully,

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, Morehad City, N. C., December 23, 1863.

Major-General PECK,Commanding Army and District of North Carolina:

GENERAL: In consequence of information received that a schooner had run into Bear Inlet with a cargo of salt, which schooner had been destroyed by one of our war vessels, and that about 400 sacks of salt were lying on the beach, I proceeded on board the steamer Howquah this morning at daylight, by permission of Commander Dove, for the purpose of ascertaining the facts of the case. On my arrival, and after reconnoitering well with my glass, I sent a boat through the inlet to examine the beach and sound, on the return of which the officer in charge reported about 400 sacks of salt and about 500 barrels of turpentine on the beach.

If you deem it advisable to destroy or capture said stores, I can do so by taking a gunboat and launches to land and protect about 100 infantry, keeping a proper force in reserve. The steamer Fasier is here on her way to Port Royal, which only draws 3 feet of water. She could assit materially. I suppose the stores are protected by a company of cavalry, and probably one field piece. I reconnoitered carefully. Dispatch only will secure success. I await instructions.

J. JORDAN,

Colonel.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 569. Washington, December 23, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

2. Brigadier General R. O. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac, and will repair without delay to this city and report in peson to Major-General Augur, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of Washington.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 24, 1863-9 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The command sent to Luray has returned. They report that Rosser and his command left Luray for Madison Court-House last Monday. The command captured 9 men and killed 1.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Major-General Augur.)

