
CUMBERLAND, MD., December 30, 1863-7 p.m.

(Received 8.30 p.m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following telegram just received. I have ordered Averell's command to move by railroad to Martinsburg. We weill be in readiness for Early:

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., December 30, 1862.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

Nine deserters from the valley, just in, report General Early, with 9,000 men, between New Market and Mount Jackson. Rosser has 700 men; Imboden 1,500 men. Great dissatisfaction among the rebels. These deserters the President's proclamation and required oath with great surprise, and declared if it was printed and circulated thousands would come into our lines.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURGU, VA., December 30, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

A. A. AG., 1st Div., Dept. W. Va., Harper's Ferry, Va.:

My scout from Shanghai came in yesterday at 4 p.m. The scout to Winchester was ordered to remain at Bunker Hill last night. I received intelligence from Back Creek yesterday evening, which seemd to be creditable, that a party of the enemy, 30 in number, under command of Captain Ross, of Gilmor's command, were in the neighborhood of Tomahawk at sunset yesterday. I accordingly sent Major Morris, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio, to throw forward strong parties from Back Creek and North Mountain before daylight this morning, and sent Captain McDonald, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with 40 men, to Captain Henry at Bunker Hill, and to proceed immediately down the Green Spring road, via Shanghai, to Tomahawk, scouring the Back Creek Valley; and I am in hopes they will make some captures.

Six deserters, from White's and Gilmor's commands, were sent in last night from Winchester, by Captain Henry. They are intelligent men, and reprsent these commands to be very much dissatisfied, and anxious to desert, but are afraid to do so, as they believe if they do they will be put into our service. Frequent parties to Winchester may succeed in dispelling them of this idea. They (Gilmor and White) are represented to be in camp near Mount Jackson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., December 31, 1863-noon.

(Received 3 p.m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following received from General Sullivan. I am pushing Averell's command to Martinsburg as rapidly as possible. My infantry

