
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

December 31, 1863.

In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, all newspaper corresondents connected with this army are prohibited from publishing, or causing to be published, the number or designation of regiments re-enlisting in the army, or leaving the same, the number of re-enlistments, or the number of men being furloughed.

Corps provost-marshal are directed to see that the newspaper correspondents in their respective corps are notified of the above order.

Assistant adjutant-generals of independent commands are requested to see that a copy of this circular is furnished to any correspondent connected with their respective departments.

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 31, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Have you any positive information in regard to the rebel force at Winchester? Is it cavalry?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., December 31, 1863-4 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The information of last night is not correct. My cavalry are to-day in Winchester, and sent to Strasburg, with orders to bring back reliable news. The rebel force is said, by deserters, to be two brigades of infantry and about 2,500 cavalry, under Imboden, Rosser, White, and others, all commanded by Early. I do not apprehend the least danger of an attack. The Shenandoah is so high that they will not venture lower down than New Market. I will, under permission from General Kelley, keep you advised of any movements that seem important.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 31, 1863-8 p.m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

It was designed to forward troops to Harper's Ferry. The latest information from General Sullivan reports no enemy at Winchester, or any nearer than Woodstock. It will be well, however, to guard the valley with a larger force, and transportation for 1,500 men from here to Harper's Ferry should be ready here by to-morrow noon.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

