
AUGUST 5, 1863-12. 45 p. m.

Officer Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that a division of the Fifth Corps take position to hold Beverly Ford, where a regiment of the First Corps is now stationed. This regiment will be relieved by the division of the fifth Corps as soon as it takes position.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, August 5, 1863

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Colonel ALEXANDER,Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

The enemy this morning at daylight attempted to advance his picket line, but failed. A few shots were exchanged. No harm done. All quiet now.

My horses are failing very fast. The grass is not good, and I have but little opportunity for grazing. Some of the dismounted men who went to Washington to be remounted have returned, and I learn that the officers and men are scattered all about the city.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp near Kelly's Ford, August 5, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

I have the honor to state that the party I sent to Barnett's Ford have returned. They were unable to cross, as the Rappahannock was not fordable at that point. Mountain Run is not fordable, and I will be unable to get to the Culpeper road with a sufficient number of men until the water has fallen. The rebel pickets are on the opposite side as yet.

The river is quite high at this point. One narrow pontoon bridge has been laid down and a tete-de-pont erected in front of it on this side. The sally-port is blockaded, and I cannot get my supply wagons across. General Slocum's troops are ordered not to allow us to pass ford or bridge without an order from him. The ford is almost impracticable for a loaded wagon. General Slocum's quarters are 1 1/2 miles from here, and if I were attacked and crowded, I could not get my train off. I have therefore ordered it to remain on the north side of the river, and the troops to cross and supply themselves.

On my left a reconnaissance has developed the enemy's pickets along the base of the hills beyond the road from Brandy Station to the Germanna road. I will feel to the front as soon as the water is fordable.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOS. C. DEVIN.

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

