
my rear. The scouts reported seeing some 500 negroes cutting logs, supposed for a bridge. Believing it not improbable a raid might be attempted to interrupt my communications,the disposition of the cavalry has been changed so as to place the main body in my rear and toward my left. The pickets toward Falmouth have been strengthened, and every preparations made, should a raid be attempted, to check it as soon as possible.

The cavalry on my right flank, on the 14th, attacked a guerrilla camp at Thoroughfare Gap, capturing 2 men, 10 mules, 27 horses, and a quantity of sutlers' goods. On the evening of the same day an officer of Ewell's staff was captured.

All reports would indicate Lee's army stretched from Madison Court-House to Fredericksburg,with the cavalry at Culpeper. Everything is quiet along the lines this morning.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 17, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHURZ,Commanding Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you call in your detachments at Brentsville and on Cedar Run, and that one division of your corps be posted at Manassas Junction and be charged with the protection of the railroad from that vicinity to Warrenton Junction; that the other division of your corps be posted in the near vicinity of Warrenton Junction and be charged with the protection of the road from Warrenton Junction to Bealeton Station; that the number and disposition of the detachments and guards placed upon the road be such as effectually to watch and protect it. The exterior patrols being withdrawn, every possible precaution should be adopted on the line of the road to insure its strict surveillance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, August 17, 1863.

Captain A. J. COHEN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: General Cuter reports that some of his people on picket saw upward of 2,000 cavalry passing down the right bank of the Rappahannock this morning. They had eight or ten wagons. He has sent a party down the river to watch them. Nothing has transpired of importance since my last report. I sent two letters and a paper captured from a rebel mail carrier this morning. Six rebel soldiers were captured this morning. They will be forwarded as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

