
AUGUST 17, 1863-2. 15 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the extended line of picket and patrol assigned to the corps had for its object the prevention of the near approach to our troops of the enemy's scouts, spies, and informers. Recent information renders some change necessary. The river is picketed by infantry to Ellis' Ford, and from that point to United States Ford by cavalry, whence they extend across to the Potomac. Some concentration being desirable, the major-general commanding directs that you concentrate division stationed at Elkton, calling in the brigade at Bristersburg, and the detachments furnishing the patrols heretofore connecting with Slocum and Schurz, at Ellis' Ford, and near Cedar Run. This line of patrol need not be continued, but a patrol should be kept up between Elkton and Warrenton Junction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 17, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHURZ,Commanding Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the disposition you have made of your troops is approved. The regiment at Greenwich may be withdrawn to Bristoe. Be prepared to concentrate at any point that the enemy may threaten to attack in force.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, August 17, 1863.

(Received 8 p. m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

The following dispatched have been intercepted by the signal officer of this corps:

Captain M:

There are but two camps visible between this and Kelly's Ford. A large camp is seen some 3 miles to the left of Warrenton. No troops seen to-day.

B.

Colonel CORLEY:

My command is suffering from want of clothing. What is the difficulty about getting it?

STUART,

General.

General LEE:

Some more troops have been moving to the left of the railroad bridge and are passing yet.

B., Lieutenant.

The enemy's signal station is on Pony Mountain.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

