
WRIGHTSVILLE,

August 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The order of the President is obeyed, and the movement commenced. The enemy will attack the railroad in force this week, according to my information. Please to let me know who will command General ransom's troops, and what force he has. Please to move Ransom's troops at once, as indicated in your dispatch of yesterday.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, August 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. G. MARTIN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Kinston, N. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your notes received. i have modified the orders about Saunders as you desired. About that raid, I am uncertain whether they mean to fortify the line of White Oak or come upon the line of railroad bridge at, say, Warsaw, when they have seen the country, and then fortify either against you or against me.

The first thing for both to do would be to try to meet or intercept them; at any rate, to attack them before they could fortify. On the receipt of news there, you should sent out at once. I shall put a regiment with Jackson to hold the Galkun(?) passes and the Cape Fear at Hallsville. They might move, however, to South Washington. I wish you would spare at once to Jackson a section of artillery. I have so few batteries, and horses have been dying so, that I cannot do it. I shall be compelled to put a guard at South Washington.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, August 7, 1863.

Major JACKSON,

Kenansville:

MY DEAR MAJOR: I regret I did not see you. I sent you a letter* from general Martin which will put you on your guard. I will endeavor to-night to sent up one of Colquitt's regiments, commanded by major ballenger, to report to you, and have told Martin to sent you at once another section of artillery.

You had better sent down and ascertain the chance of the enemy taking the left-hand road down the cape Fear, near Hallsville, and, crossing at South washington, attacking the Rockfish Creek bridge.

If ther is a bridge at South Washington, it ought to be strongly watched, and, if obliged, burned. Ascertain if there are fords. I will endeavor, though I am greatly pressed, to keep the Holly Shelter road. Keep your communications well open with Harris.

Yours, truly,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Mjor-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

