
be protected. If the cattle and horses belonging to the Government are in danger in lower Rockingham, they should be moved higher up.

Instruct the officers sent to the passes on your flank to be very watchful, and take every precaution against any attempt of Averell to get into your rear, or to make a raid upon our resources in Rockingham. After the removal of everything of value about Strasburg, you must take position so as to protect the valley, whether the attack comes from the direction of Winchester, the eastern gaps, or from the South branch Valley.

I hope that McNeioll's expedition has proved successful, and that he may return without loss.

Spare no efforts to recruit your command. Arrest all deserters from this army whom you may find in the valley, and send them to Staunton,

Did you give McNeill notice of the attempt of Averell to cut him off? If you have not, you must make a movement to divert attack from him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WILMINGTON, N. C.,

August 9, 1863.

Brigadier-Ggeneral MARTIN:

The general instructs me to send you the following dispatch from Lieutenant Fairly last night at Swansborough:

News from the lines indicate a raid on Kinston. No re-enforcements have passed up to New Berne since last report. Reports appoint next Wednesday or Thursday sa the day of departure from New Berne.

S. J. FAIRLY.

T. B. VENABLE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 10, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: general Imboden reports that on the 5th instant, General Kelley left Bunker Hill, in the vicinity of which he had been encamped, whith his infantry force, for Romney. On the same evening about 9 p. m., General Averell, with his cavalry, started for Moorefield. This movement is believed to have been occasioned by a demonstration of Captain McNeill, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west of Cumberland, to which point he had been directed to go about the 1st of August, with this view. No report has been received from Captain McNeill, but citizens from Hampshire informed General Imboden that Captain McNeill had had a fight near new Creek, in which he had been successful, with a loss of 4 men on our side. the route taken by General Averell may force Captain Mcneill to retire, by the Dry Fork of Cheat, into Pendleton

