HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, August 10, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON,

Lewisburg, via Union:

The enemy reported concentrating heavily at Moorefield to attack Staunton, via Franklin and McDowell. Send courier to Colonel Jackson and put him on the lookout. Tell him to be ready to move at shortest notice to co-operate with general Imboden, or make a diversion in his favor.

By order:

CHAS S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR MOUTH OF INDIAN CREEK,

Monroe County, Va., August 10, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received a letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Clay, assistant adjutant-general, written by your direction, informing me that there were many deserters from the Army of Northern Virginia in Southwestwrn Virginia, and suggesting that a few reliable companies might be well employed at "Goshen and the adjoining counties" in arresting these deserters.

The greater part of Southwestern Virginia is not in my department. It was attached to the Department of East tennessee in January last, and I do not feel at liberty to sent troops on such duty into another department than my own, nor do I suppose you desire me to do so, as Brigadier_General Preston's troops, being already in that section of country, can more readily perform the duty.

I know of no place in my department called Goshen. There is a railroad depot of that name on the cantral road, but I belive it is in Rockbridge County, and, if so, is not in my department. I really cannot tell from Colonel Clay's letter where you wist me to send companies to arrest deserters. Will you please inform me definitely?

I am also informed by Colonel Clay that it is reported there are many stragglers from Colonel W. L. Jackson's command, and that some of the officers of his regiment have been permitted to remain absent several monthas at a time. i am on my way now to Colonal Jackson's command, and if any such abuses exist, will endeavor to correct them. It is but just to Colonel Jackson, however, to say that his command is new, and is now only in formation and organization, and it is probable that those who are represented as stragglers and absentees have been employed recruiting and collecting men from within the enemy's lines.

Colonel Clay also calls my attention to the report that many ablebodied men are employed in the quartermaster's and commissary departments within my command. There are a number of ablebodied men employed in my command in the quertermaster's and commissary departments. They are employed as blacksmiths, teamsters, boatmen, &amp;c., duties which cannot be performed by disabled men. I have directed the provisions of General Orders, 105, current series, to be rigidly enforced, and will see that the order is obeyed.

