
But suppose, my dear friend, that I were to admit, with all their implications, the points which you present, where am I to find that new commander who is to possess the greater ability which you belive to be required? I do not doubt the readiness with which you would give way to one who could accomplish all that you have wished, and you will do me the justice to belive that if Providence should kindly offer such a person for our use, I would not hesitate to avail of his services.

My sight is not sufficiently penetrating to discover such hidden merit, if it exists, and I have but used to you the language of sober earnestness when I have impressed upon you the propriety of avoiding all unnecessary exposure to danger, because I felt our country could not bear to lose you. To ask me to substitute you by some one in my judgment more fit to command, or who would possess more of the confidence oh the army, or of the reflecting men of the country, is to demant an impossibolity.

It only remains for me hope that you will take all possible care of yourself, that your health and strength may be entirely restored, and that the Lord will preserve you for the important duties devolved upon you in the struggle of our suffering country for the independence which we have engaged in war to maintain.

As ever, very resp;ectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp near Red Sulphur Springs, August 11, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Orange Court-House, Va.:

You rtelegram of yesterday received. One regiment of infantry has just started from here, and another will start from Lewisburg to move via Huntersville, for the purpose you mention. Where is General Imboden? Has he any idea of the strength of Kelley's force? Reply by telegraph via Dublin. It will reach me at Union or Lewisburg.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, August 11, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

The following telegram just received from General Lee:

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

August 11, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

I am not certain General Imboden is correct in his supposition. telegraph to him at Staunton to keep you advised. He represents kelley's strength-infantry, artillery, and cavalry-at 4,000. If you two could unite upon him, you could demmolish him.

R. E. LEE.

I have telegraphed Imboden as suggested.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW.

