
within twenty days from the publication of the address of the President in the State in which the absentes may then be, return to their posts of duty.

II. All men who have been accused or convicted, and undergoing sentence for absence without leave or desertion, excepting only those who have been twice convicted of desertion, will be returned to their respective commands for duty.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 190. Richmond, va., August 11, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XV. Lieutenant Colonel James W. Watts, second Virginia Cavalry, is assigned to duty as commandant of the post at Liberty, va., and will report accordingly.

* * * * * * *

XVII. Brigadier General Francis T. Nicholls, Provisional Army, C. S., will relieve Lieutenant Colonel M. S. Langhorne as commandant of the post at Lynchburg, va., and its environs.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

UNION, MONROE COUNTY, August 12, 1863.

General R. R. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Orange Court-House:

GENERAL: I received yesterday, in camp near Red Sulphur Springs, your telegram of the day before, and immediately started a regiment of infantry to Lewisburg, and telegraphed you that I would sent it another from Lewisburg, by Huntersville, to aid or make diversion in General Imboden's favor, as you desired.

I supposed at the time that General Imboden had with him the troops you mentioned when you last wrote me, but this morning I hear, unofficially, that the troops I sent to the valley under Colonel Wharton are now with you, and I have not heard if their places are supplied in the valley.

If I am to give aid, it is very desirable that I should know what force I am aiding; but your telegram gives me no information on the subject. The telegraph line is down at some point between here and Dublin, cutting me off from communication with Imboden by that means.

Will you please inform me, as soon as you can, what forces there are in the valley, and where they are? I will communicate with Inboden as soon as practicable.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

P. S.-I have just received information that about 500 of the enemy are engaged removing obstructions from one of the roads

