
occurred to myself, Mr. Littleton Macon, now sheriff of Albemarle. He served in my battery the first year of the war, and is as true a man as lives, full of energy, zeal for our cause, and of good qualities that command him to general confidennce.

If this plan cannot be tried, I would beg that something be attempted in another way, viz, that the artillery officers themselves be authorized to exercise their energies toward finding and securing good horses. Bonded officers alone need have or dispense the funds, but, unless those who have the deepest interest in having good horses are allowed to act in the matter, the evil of poor horses may be expected to continue without at all disparaging the quartermaster's department; and satisfied that many of the officers in that department are very faithful, I am also satisfield that they must be superior to human nature in general if they can do as well for the artillery in this respect as the artillery officers themselves. They do not know the need as well. They do not being to feel the same interest in success. They are not actuated by the motives that command success in the case. If under existing regulations nothing of this kind can be done, I respectfully suggest that in a question of so much importance suitable provions be asked of the Department in Richmond.

I have the honor to be, respectffuly, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

CAMP NEAR LEWISBURG, VA.,

August 13, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have reason to belive that some persons, citizens, within the limits of the Department of Western Virginia, are endeavoring to have me removed from the command of the department, and Brigadier-General Echols, or some other general officer, assigned to the command. To effect this object, I am informed that a petition has been circulated for signature, addressed to you or the President, asking that I be removed. What reason they may assign why thisshould be done, I cannot imagine unless it be that I have undertaken no expedition of any magnitude against the enemy.

This military department has had the reputation of being cursed with intrigue and political plotters ever since the war commanded. No commander, not even General Lee, has, I belive, given satisfaction while in command here, and I doubt exceedingly if any gentleman who looks to the interests of the Confederacy generally, can command here and give satisfaction to all. I was not ignorant of the condition of the department in that respect when I was assigned to the command, and it is known to you, I belive, that I was very far from desiring the command.

I was ordered, however, to command the department, and have administered the trust confided to me with a view single to what I regarded as the interest of the country. I am sure that if either you or the President had disapproved of my course, I should have been imformed of it, and I am quite as sure that neither of you will act upon representations prejudicial to me, made by interested parties,

