
in especial need of good arms for the cavalry division, and, as you will see from his report, there is a considerable deficiency of arms in the infantry, which deficiency will greater as the number of returing convalescents increases. I have heard from several sources that there are arms in Charleston, S. C., held in reserve for troops, which are still to be reserved. If this is so, I think that they should be distributed to troops in the field. In fact, I should think, in the present condition of things, that no ordnance, arms, or other supplies should be kept in Charleston, excepting such are necessary for the troops engaged in its defense. I hope you will be able to make some arrangements by which the deficients in this army may be speedily supplied.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, August 15, 1863.

Brigadier General M. JENKINS, Peterburg, Va.:

The militia referred to by you are neither Confederate nor State troops, but are simply militia in the service of the Confederacy for the period of thirty days.

You are authorized to permit the militia called out at Petersburg to remain at their homes, instead of going into camp, upon condition of drilling once or twice a day, and being within call at moment's notice.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIGNAL OFFICE,

Richmond, August 15, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report the following items received to-day by a scout who left Washington August 8:

Ten thousand men (New York troops) have recently been discharged from Meade's army, their time heaving expired. A large force, stated by some to be at least 30.000 men, has also recently been withdrawn from the same army and sent to Chaeleston. To pay off this latter force, six paymasters have been sent down, which item our informant in Washington furnishes as a fact by which the atrength of the force may be estimated.

Very respectfully,

WM. NORRIS,

Major, and Chief of Signal Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 17, 1863.

His Excxellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: The number of desertion from this army is so great, and still continues to such an extent, that unless some cessation of them can be caused, I fear success in the field will be endan-

