
ment is fully sustained. In that indorsement I stated that "the number of wagons and teams at Danville, being only about half the number named by General Elzey," morning only four- horse wagons and teams, such only being suitable for hauling grain over long lines.

General Elzey's indorsement says, "There are 70 wagons at Danville 30 of which ought to be used for transportation purposes elsewhere." The general was mainly correct as to the number of wagons, but evidently he either lost sight of or was uninformed as to the number of animals at Danville, wherein the discrepancy alone arises between his indorsement and mine.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. COLE,

Major, and Inspector- General of Transportation.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, August 3, 1863.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary- General of Subsistence:

COLONEL: The incessant rains of the past month have not only damaged the wheat crop to a considerable extent, but materially delayed the planters in their farming operations, very few being now engaged in thrashing, and nearly all will be prevented from sending their crops to market in consequence of the want of transportation. With the limited stock of flour now in this market, and the very small quantity in th eState under control of this Department (rendered so entirely by want of transportation and not scarcity), I would suggest that it is of the utmost importance that all the available transportation in this city, and attached to the various commands defending it, should be immediately offered to the farmers, as the prospect of obtaining facilities to send their crops to market will no doubt induce them to commence and prosecute their thrashing operations with energy and vigor.

It would doubtless be well to call the attention of the Secretary of War to the existing state of affairs, and impress upon him the necessity and importance of immediate action. The wagons could be recalled at any time when necessary for the movement of troops. Colonel A. H. Cole, chief of field transportation, has offered to loan 25 wagons for the purpose mentioned, and states that he could, with the sanction of th eSecretary of War, increase the number to 150 from the commands in the vicinity of Richmond.

I am,. very respectfyully, your obedient servant,

S. BASSETT FRENCH,

Major, and Commissary of Subsistence.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY- GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

August 3, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, asking the order to Major- General Elzey, directin that all the arrangements suggested by Colonel Cole may be carried out.

L. B. NORTHROP.

Commissary- General of Subsistence.

