
[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 3, 1863.

Colonel Cole is authorized to furnish such transporation as can be spared from the commands around Richmond, to aid the bringing of supplies to the Subsistence Bureau.

J. A. S. [SEDDON]

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE INSPECTOR- GENERAL OF TRANSPORTATIION,

August 12, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to General Elzey.

The Commissary Department has called for 50 wagons and teams to be furnished by 9 a. m. to- morrow. I will be able to furnish by that time 30 of the number, leaving 20 to be provided from the commands around Richmond. That number might be made up from the following troops, and still leave sufficient for the necessary daily service of each command: From Forty- sixth Virginia, 5 wagons and teams; from Twenty- sixth Virginia, 4 weagons and teams; from Fourth Virginia [Heavy Artillery], 5 wagons and teams; from Fifty- ninth Virginia, 3 wagons and teams; from Major Stark's artillery battalion, 2 wagons and tems, and from General Wise's staff teams, 1 wagon and team, making the 20 required to fill the requisition.

If General Elzey approves, I request that these teams be orderedf to report immediately.

A. H. COLE,

Major, and Inspector- General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,August 12, 1863.

The transportation of General Wise's brigade is constantly employed in supplying that brigade, and cannot be spared without destroying its efficiency. I therefore earnestly but respectfully protest against its being taken from it. Ther are 70 wagons at Danville, 30 of which ought to be used for transportation purposes exlsewhere.

Very respectfully,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major- General, Commanding.

[Fifth indorsement.]

OFFICE INSPECTOR- GENERAL OF TRANSPORTATION,

August 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded through the Quartermaster- General.

The transportation referred to by General Elzey, at Danville, has been and is now employed in hauling supplies, the number of wagons and teams belonging to that depot being only about half the number named by General Elzey.

A. H. COLE,

Major, and Inspector- General.

42 R R- VOL XXIX, PT II

