
called upon to aid in the maintenance of order and the enforcement of the laws, must themselves set the example of orderly and soldierly conduct, and the attention of all officers and men is specially directed to this point.

The movement of troops to distant parts of the city, or to points in its neighborhood, will be made as far as practicable by water, and for this purpose the quartermaster's department will keep a sufficient number of steamers in constant readiness to move to any point. These steamers, if not armed,will be convoyed by armed steamers, and when moving by night will be distinguished from other vessels by a special signal.

Movements through the streets of the city will be made quietly, and with as little display as possible. Special care must be taken in these movements that the flanks and rear of the cavalry are well guarded, and,if made in connection with artillery, that the supports are stronger than usual. For the troops in the city the police alarm will be the signal for preparation, and will be communicated to the forts and vessels in the harbor in the manner denoted by Special Orders, Numbers 23, of August 12, 1863. To avoid unnecessary alarm or disturbance in the city, commanders will take the necessary measures for assembling their troops without beating or sounding the usual alarm.

The police authorities have authorized the captains of precincts to put themselves in communication with the commanders of troops posted in their neighborhood, for the purpose of communicating information and rendering such other assistance as may be necessary. They have also authorized the use of the purpose of making reports and communicating information when the troops are acting in connection with the police for the preservation of order, and police officers will be attached to the several headquarters for the purpose of communicating more directly with the police, and acting as guides when troops when troops are removed to different parts of the city. Commanders of troops in the city will be kept constantly advised of the location of troops in their neighborhood, and when any changes are made by them the new location and the reasons for the change will immediately be made to these headquarters.

The publication of furnishing for publication by persons connected with this command of any information in relation to the numbers, position, movements, or operations of the troops, the strength and condition of the public works, or of any other military information that might be used for improper purposes, is strictly prohibited.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 18, 1863-8. 45 a. m.

(Received 9. 15 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Kilpatrick reports that some of his pickets saw upward of 2,000 cavalry passing down the right bank of the Rappahannock

