
PETERSBURG, August 21, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY:

Captain Bird, of Florida, returned prisoner, late from Fort Norfolk, says in the last two weeks 20,000 men, including Eleventh Army Corps, have passed to Charleston.

M. JENKINS,

Brigadier- General.

CONSCRIPT OFFICE, CAMP VANCE,

August 21, 1863.

Colonel P. MALLETT,

Commanding Conscripts, North Carolina:

COLONEL: Several peace meetings have been held in th eNinth and Teneth Districts, at which I understand, not officially, that the most treasonable language was uttered, and Union flags raised. Can I have authority to break up any such assemblages, and arrest the ringleaders who are not of conscript age!

I feel it my duty to complain against the publication of the Standard newspaper, which is issued in Raleigh, and extensively circulated throughout this section. From common report, which can be made official intelligence if necessary, I am constrained to bellieve that most of the trouble in North Carolina, as well as of th edesertions from the army, are the direct consequence of the circulation of this incendiary publication.

I am, colonel, your obedient srvant,

J. C. McRAE,

Captain, &amp;c., Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

CONSCRIPT OFFICE, NORTH CAROLINA,

August 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Bureau of Conscripts.

The state of things described by Captain McRae to a great extent exists in other parts of th eState. T	he attention of the Department is earnestly recommended to this matter.

PETER MALLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Conscripts, North Carolina.

CAMP NEAR ORANGE COURT- HOUSE,

August 22, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Your note by General Davis has been received. General Fitz. Lee has sent from his brigade, now near Fredericksburg, Colonel Rosser's regiment of cavalry, to the counties of Middlesex and Gloucester, to be in readiness to afford protection if needed to the expedition you mentioned. Colonel Rosser will take a convenient position between Urbanna and Gloucester,a nd keep out bedettes for observation.

The scouts on the Potomac, placed by me since my return from Maryland, have reported no increased activity on the river since the

