
Colonel Browne, of the Forty- fifth Virginia, left Lewisburg early yes erday with his own regiment and two companies of cavalry (two other companies of cavalry had preceded him) for Little Levels and Marling's Bottom, eith orders to scout the roads toward Beverly and Monterey. I have sent a dispatch of yesterday.

If the nemey is advancing on you by both the Back Creek and Knapp's Creek roads, Colonel Browne ought to be able to get in the rear of the column that goes by the road from Huntersbville toward the Warm Springs, and between you that column will be in a fair way of being cut off or captured.

I have directed Colonel Browne to communicate and co- operate with yu. I shall look anxiously for news from you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major- General.

SALT SULPHUR SPRINGS, August 23, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON, Lewisburg:

COLONEL: Both of your dispatches to- day were received within about half or three- quarters of an hour of each other.

Move without delay, as you suggest, with you infantry and artillery, up Antony's Creek, toward the Huntersville and Warm Springs roads, and co- operate with Colonel Jackson. Take with you one company of cavalry, leaving the remainder on the Frankfort and Pocahontas roads, to watch the enemy from that direction. I can give you no more minute directions at present. Keep me informed of your own movements and those of the enemy as fully as you can. Colonel Derrick will be ordered to or near Lewisburg.

In haste, yours, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major- General.

[AUGUST 23, 1863.- For Jones to Cooper, ion reference to Averell's operatins, see Part I, p. 42.]
HEADQUARTERS,Orange Court- House, August 24, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederat States, Richmond:

Mr. PRESIDENT: The informatin from the signal officer in Maryland, telegraphed me by General Cooper, is confirmed by the scouts on the Potomac. They report that on the 17th three steamers passed down the river loaded with troops; on th e18th, one; on the 19th, two; on the 20th, a very large steamer, with two smoke- stacks, crowded; and on the 21st, one large steamer filled with troops, These troops may belong to the Eleventh Army Corps on their way to Charleston, mentioned in my previous letter, or those said to have passed through Maryland from the west on their way to Washington.

A scout from north of the Rappahannock states, on Sunday, 16th instant, the Twelfth Army Corps went back to Alexandria. Whether

