
he confounded the Eleventh with the Twelfth, or that an additional corps has gone back, I do not know yet. The enemy's lines are soclosely watched and our scouts have to make so wide a circuit, that their information is friquently late reaching me.

I can discover no change of importance in the enemy's position on the Rappahannock. Nothing prevents my advancing now but the fear of killing our artillery horses. They are much reduced, and the hot weather and scarce forage keeps them so. The cavalry also suffer, and I fear to set them at work. Some days we get a pound of corn per horse and some days more; some none. Our limit is 5 pounds per day per horse. You can judge of our prospects. General Fitz. Lee is getting from north of the Rappahannock, below Fredericksburg, about 1,000 pounds per day, which is a considerable relief on that wing. Everything is being done by me that can be to recruit the horses. I have been obliged to diminish the number of guns in the artillery, and fear I shall have to lose more.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

ORANGE COURT- HOUSE,

August 24, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

On application of General Sam. Jones, I have directed Jenkins and Wharton's brigades to report to him.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 24, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Sam. Jones telegraphs, under date of to- day,* that the enemy has driven Colonel Jackson out of Pocahontas, and is pressing him back toward the Warm Springs, and that another column is moving down throurh Beverly toward Lewisburg. He desires to have the troops belonging to his command now with this army returned as soon as possible. I have telegraphed to you to order Jenkins' brigade to rjoin him, ad desire that they be sent without delay. They will proceed, by the best route, by way of Staunton and the Warm Speings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 24, 1863.

General G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: General Sam. Jones reports by telegraph that the enemy has driven Colonel Jackson out of Pocagontas, and is press-

---------------

*See Part I, p. 42.

---------------

