HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, August 24, 1863.

Colonel TERRRILL,

Commanding Home Guard, Salem:

COLONEL: I have notified you by telegram that I have sent you by this evening's train 50 guns and ammunition. These are all I can furnish at present. I will try and collect more at New River Bridge, whence you may be able to get more if you meet them.

A telegram dated 23rd instant, from the general, who is at Union, says the enemy, 3,000 strong, are pressing Colonel Jackson back toward Warm Springs.

I am apprehensive that the cavalry, reported 1,200 stong, will start on a raid to the railroad. Let me know if you want the "howitzers" I promised you.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

(Same to Colonel R. L. Preston.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, August 24, 1863.

Colonel TERRILL,

Salem:

The enemy's cavalry are reported 1,200 strong, moving on New River Bridge. Hold your command in readiness to move at a moment's warning, and await further orders. Notify Captain Tayloe, at Big Lick, to do the same.

By command of Major General Sam. Jones:

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, August 24, 1863.

General JOHN S. WILLEAMS:

I received a telegram from Generql Joes this morning, stating that 3,000 of the enemy are pressing Colonel Jackson back toward Warm Springs, and that he was apprehensive of a raid on some point of the railroad by the ir cavalry, numbering 1,200. Steps have been taken to give them a warm reception if they should come this way. I have notified Major Kent, commanding home guard company, to hold himself in readiness to repel any demonstration on Wytheville from Prestonsburtg, or from any point in his front.

I received a telegram from General Buckner, juist now, asking General Jones to place you in command of General Preston's district in his absence. You have been authorized by telegraph to assume command of said district. You will please terlegraph me the number of effective men- now that the Sixty- third Virginia is gone and has been replaced by an equal number of cavalry- under your command that may be used for the defense of the salt- works, including the troops that General Preston left, and all of the home guards you

