
may be able to call into sevice. It is important that couriers should be kept at the telegraph office at Glade Spring, so that communication between us may be had with as much dispatch as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier- General WLLIAMS,

Commanding, Saltville:

In the absence of General Preston, you will take command of the district. The substitute for the Sixty- third [Virginia] Regiment will be mounted instead of dismounted cavalry.

By order of Major General Sam. Jones:

GILES B. COOKE,

Assistant Adjuitant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, Va.,

August 24, 1863.

Brigadier General M. JENKINS,

Commanding at Petersburg, Va.:

By the demonstration on the Blackwater, the enemy may design to draw you away from Petersburg so as to enembe him to throw a force up the river in transports, land at Bermuda Hundred, and turn Drewry's Bluff. Keep this in view.

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Majot- General, Commanding.

CHAFFIN'S FARM,

August 24, 1863- 7 p. m.

Majo. J. R. ROBERTSON:

MAJOR: Information has this moment been received from the major- general commanding of the ascent of the Chickahominy River by the gunboat.

I am directed by General Wise to order you to concentrate your cavalry at the Chickahominy River, dismount your men, and give the best fight you can. This order you will obey immediately upon its receipt. If the boat remains up the Chickahominy or comes up the James, you will report promptly to the general. Establish a courier line from any point you may move your command to to these headquarters, and probablly yu had better add an extra courier to each post, to make the trips easier. General Elzey's orders are to destroy th eboat, if possible. It is probable she will not remain up the Chickahominy all night; so you will see the necessity of moving promptly and quietly, avoiding all unnecessary noise that might alarm her. A dispatch from Lieutenant Harkey has just been received, cnveying the intelligence above named.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

