
yesterday at daylight. Had 8 or 10 wagons with them. He has sent a party down the river to watch them. He also send two letters and a Richmond paper, which are inclosed, that were captured yesterday from a rebel mail carrier. Six rebels soldiers were also captured.

The brigade of General Gregg at Warrenton has 100 men on Watery Mountain, who picket well toward Salem; another force of 100 men at New Baltimore, who picket and patrol toward White Plains; a regiment which pickets and patrols to Waterloo, Orleans, and the mill beyond on Thumb Run. The pickets report but few of the enemy to be seen and in small parties. Two regiments have also gone direct to Salem, Markham, and Manassas Gap, to return by way of Barbee's Cross-Roads and Orleans.

General Merritt reports that a rebel patrol had been at Union Mills, in the direction of Dumfries, just before his scouting party arrived there yesterday. All else quiet.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, August 18, 1863.

Captain A. J. COHEN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

I have the honor to report that my picket line remains undisturbed up to the present. Yesterday afternoon while a party of our men were passing through Falmouth they were fired upon by squads of rebel infantry and cavalry across the river near the old bridge. Our men did not return the fire. Yesterday evening a party of guerrillas stopped a wagon about 6 miles from here on the Warrenton road, carried off the horses and driver, leaving the wagon in the road. I sent a squadron of cavalry in pursuit. They have not yet returned.

A details has been ordered to put up my end of the telegraph lie as requested. I am going out this morning to inspect my picket line in person.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Third Division.

AUGUST 18, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General SYKES,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that, as it is not contemplated at present to throw a large force across the river to meet or anticipate an attack upon Newton's front or your own, the necessity for the brigade in the vicinity of Beverly Ford no longer exists,and the small force you have on the opposite bank to protect the head of the bridge may be withdrawn to this side, and the bridge be taken up.

