
the large fleet now off here have men enough to land and effect this object. I regard this district as very much exposed. The enemy have commenced boat raiding to destroy salt- worls. I cannot prevent it. I hope you will be able to let me have infantry, cavalry, and artillery. I need every man that can be had.

I do not want permit the enemy to acquire any knowledge of the approaches. At present he can learn what he pleases, but, independent of this, the port of Wilmington and its harbors, uncovered of support, are not now safe.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major- General.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE,

Drewry's Bluff, Va., August 25, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding Defenses, Richmond, Va.,

GENERAL: I inclose you the only telegram tha thas been sent me to- day. I sent you one to General Wise last evening. I think it would be well to keep some force near these creeks, so that when the Yankees enter they will meet with a sufficient force to capture them, or at least to break up their plundering. I think rom there being one vessel and 150 men, it is for th epurpose of firing the crops and getting in the negroes.

It would be well if we could put a stop to the boats enerring our rivers, &amp;c., for they come to destroy all the crops and break up the farmers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. LEE,

Commandant,

[Inclosure.]

AUGUST 25, 1863- 11.05 a. m.

Captain LEE:

The gunboat is in Chickahominy River. She lay at Lambert's Wharf last night. Has bales of hay aboard for protection. About 150 troops on board. No gunboat above Hog Island.

HARKEY,

Lieutenant.

11.10 a. m.

The fleet off Newport News consists of three schooners and one brig. One gunboat off Hagan's Creek.

WOODLEY,

Lieutenant.

SALT SULPHUR SPRINGS, August 25, 1863.

Major CLAIBORNE, Commanding Dunn's Battalion:

MAJOR: The major- general commanding directs that you hold yourself in readiness to meve at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

P. S.- The general also directs that you send four men, well monted, to report to him at Union for temporary duty as couriers.

