
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, August 27, 1863.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

We fought the enemy near here all yesterday and again to- day. About midday he abandoned his position, and retreated toward Warm Springs, followed by cavalry and artillery. He suffered severely. A surgeon estimates their loss at 500. They are much exhausted, both men and horses, and I believe they are short of ammunition. They were about 3,000 strong, and had six peices of artillery, General Averell commanding. They were about 3,000 strong, and had six peices of artillery, General Averell commanding. They left a regiment at Warm Springs, and may attempt to make a stand there. Push forward as rapidly as possible, and do yyour utmost to cut them up. I have telegraphed to Colonel Jackson and the commanding officer of Jenkins' brigade. You will be the senior officer until I get up, and will, of course, command.

SAM. JONES,

Major- General.

CALLAGHAN'S, August 28, 1863.

Brigadier General A. E. JACKSON:

Our troops are all occupied; fought the enemy on the 26th. It is impossible at present to send you any re- enforcements. General Williams has been telegraphed at Saltville to be on the alert.

By command Major General Sam. Jones:

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

PERERSBURG, August 28, 1863.

Major- General ELZEY:

Your dispatch received. I send four regiments without delay. Will this be sufficient! Two regiments will leave the depot at 7 o'clock, the other two as soon as transportation can be furnished. Shall I send for any portion of Ransom's brigade! I expect to come over, unless you think differentlly.

M. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, WILMINGTON,August 28, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: While the foreign business of the Government at this place is daily increasing and its importance to the country growing in still greater ratio, the enemy are enlarging their force and redoubling their efforts to stop the trade, to break off our communications, and to attack the last port which remains to us. In the meantime, I am powerless for want of troops. I hope you will pardon me for my running to this subject, but it is one of so great importance that I can leave no effort unmade either to illustrate the state of afairs or to ask for relief.

The necessity here for a very strong movable force, the stonger the better, is daily more apparent, and it should be of all arms. It

