
is hard to say which I need most, infantry, artillery, or cavalry, all are so necessary and so mportant. Two batteries of 10- pounder Parrott guns, so long since applied for, might have saved the Hebe with her large and valuable cargo of government stores. I have lost my little Whitworth, which has so often driven off the enemy and saved our steamers, in an unqual contest with a fridgate and six steamers. But it is not to save steamers that I want force. It is to make this vital point secure, to leave nothing to chance or good fortune, or the supineness or the imbecility of the nemy, secure against sudden attack; above all, independent of the raids which every day threaten our line of communication, and may result in leaving this place defenseless and not to be relieved at the most critical time. It must be recollected that, almost entirely without cavalry, with, besides this district, the whole department to look after, stripped almost of troops, it may be in the enemy's power to establish himself in force immediately on the railroad. Even now such a design is being prepared by Peck, who has succeeded to the command in New Berne.

In this district, of such paramount importance, I have but one regiment of infantry and three small companies of cavalry. It is out of my power to place more here. Really it seems to me like tempting Providence. Please try to send me troops.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major- General.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 1, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

Another urgent appeal from General Whiting for re- enforcements,

which I am at a loss to provide.

J. A. SEDDON.

WARM SPRINGS,

August 30, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Orange Court- House:

The enemy that fought us on the 26th and 27th retreated very rapidly by Huntersville, and passed Greenbrier Bridge at Marling's Bottom early yesterday morning. My cavalry pursued them to that point, and a small force still following them. Apart of Colonel Wharton's brigade arrived here yesterday. Jenkins' cavalry was about 3 miles west of Staunton last evening, coming on to this place. From what Ihear of Imboden, he was probably at Monterey last night, with the intention of moving on to Huntersville. I fear he cannot reach there in time to intrecept the retreating enemy. They have been severely punished, and when they reach Beverly will not, I think, be fit for service for several weels. A captain of artillery whim I have prisoner says they started from Moorefield with between 4,000 and 5,000, General Averell commanding. Is that the force referred to by you in your dispatch of the 26th instant!

SAM. JONES,

Major- General.

(Similar dispatch, same date, to Adjutant and Inspector General.)

