
DISTRICT OF NORTH CARLOLINA.

62nd Georgia (three companies).

8th North Carolina Infantry Battalion, Major John H. Nethercutt.

12th North Carolina Cavalry Battalion, Major Samuel J. Wheete, jr.

13th North Carolina Infantry Battalion,

17th North Carolina, Colonel William F. Martin.

42nd North Carolina, Colonel George C. Gibbs.

North Carolina Infantry Battalion, Major N. Whitford.

Croom's (North Carolina) Company.

Foy's (North Carolina) Partisan Company.

7th Confederate Cavalry, Colonel W. C. Claiborne.

1st North Carolina Artillery (three companies)

Saunders' Artillery Battalion,*

Cogdell's (North Carloina) Battery.

Ells' (Georgia) Battery (detachment).

Gragam's (Virginia) Battery.

Southerland's (North Carolina) Battery (detachment)

Tillery's (North Carolina) Heavy Artillery Company

RICHMOND, VA., SEPTEMBER 1, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding, Orange Court- House:

GENERAL: I inclose you herwith a letter from Lieutenant Peden, referred by the Governor of North Carolina to the honorable Secretary of War, relative to the organization of desertrs in Wilkes County, in that State,+ and the means by which it is proposed to remedy this formidable and growing evil. I desire to send on this mission a regiment of North Carolina troops fromm Brigadier- General Ransom's command, and a squadron of cavalry from the troops under Jenkins, and a regiment of North Carolina troops from the Army of Northern Virginia, the vhole to be under the command of a good officer. I wish you therfore to select either Brigadier- General Hoke or Brigadier- General Ramseur as the officer to be intrusted with the general charge of the matter in question, and to send him with one of hie regiments, by way of this place, to North Carolina, where he will be joined by the other troops above mentioned, and where he will receive more explicit instructions from Governor Vance, who has been requested to make the necessary arrangements for provisioning th etroopas, &amp;c.

I wish a small regiment sent from the brigade of Hoke or Ramseur, as I think a good opportunity will be presented o f filling its ranks to the legal standard, and I desire whichever of these officers General Ewell thinks the best and most suitable for the duty to be selected. Please send him at once, and caution him not to speak of the character of his duty, as it is desired it shall be kept quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RED SWEET SPRINGS,

September 1, 1863.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON, Commanding, &C:

COLONEL: The major- general commanding directs that you communicate with him at your earliest convenience, giving him full information of the movements of the enemy in your front.

---------------

*Consisting of Andrews' (Alabama), Cumming's (North Carolina), and Dickson's (North Carolina) Batteries, at Kinston.

+See Vance to Seddon, August 26.

---------------

