
Some of the counties in West Virginia are infested with horsethieves and robbers, and a few man recruiting for Jackson and Imboden. Our scouts killed 2 of the latter in Wirt County yesterday.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HETZEL, NEW BERNE, N. C., August 18, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding 18th A. C., Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: 	When you assumed command at Fort Monroe, it was understood that we should together make a reconnaissance of James River, the Sounds, and the mouths of Cape Fear River. There was no definite understanding as to the time or order of doing this. My departure form the Roads was unexpectedly delayed, as was your return there. I hoped then to have found you here, and to have gone over the Sounds and off Wilmington with you before returning to the Roads. In the meantime, you have been up the James, which I did not anticipate would have been done in my absence.

I heartily congratulate you on your escape from the torpedoes, the exposure to which might perhaps have been avoided by dragging in boats in advance of the vessels, and by an examination of the banks under cover of our guns, in suitable force. My recent demonstration up that river would naturally induce the enemy to put down his cheap, destructive,and treacherous defense, and should have suggested a careful approach.

By the end of this week I shall have returned to the blockade off Wilmington, and expect to be there until about the end of the following week; then to return to Hampton Roads. Either now or then, I am ready to make this part of the reconnaissance with you, but I must earnestly say that I regard the destruction of the ironclads on the Roanoke, if the statement I send you to-day is true, of the first necessity.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully yours,

S. PHILLIPS LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. A. Bkg. Squadron.

NEW BERNE, N. C., August 18, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of my letter to General Peck, of the 14th instant,and a statement by Michael Cohen, respecting the iron-clads on the Roanoke, near Halifax. If Cohen's statement is correct, the destruction of these iron-clads should not be delayed. I am sure that you will do all you can to effect so desirable an object. Our iron-clads drawing over 12 feet cannot reach or neutralize those of the rebels owing to the shoal waters on the bulkhead at Hatteras Inlet and in Croatan Sound, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

S. PHILLIPS LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. A. Bkg. Squadron.

