
sary to move Wharton's brigade and the Forty- fifth {Virginia] Regiment, at least temporarily, in that direction.

In view of this, the major- generl commanding enjoins extra vigilance on the part of the commanding officers defending the line of Lewisburg and Princeton.

Please communicate anything of importance promptly to these headquartes.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

(Similar letter to Major Claiborne, commanding Dunn's battalion, and to Colonel McCausland.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.

Richmond, Va., September 5, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Govrnor of North Carolina, Raleith, N. C.:

SIR: General Whiting, in several late communications, expresses grave apprehension for the safety of Wimington, and urges earnestly the necessity of having more troops at that point. He is, as you are aware, in command of the Department of North Carolina, and might summon the aid of th eforces within it to that city; but he is unwilling to remove any of them from the long line of defense over which they are scattered without some arrangement made to substitute them. I regret to confess that, with the formidable columns of the enemy threatining at so many vitsl points, the resources of the Department do not allow the withdrawal from our armies or the commad from other quarters of the force that will be necessary to meet General Whiting's requirements.

Under these circumstances, remembering the confident expectation entertained by you when I had the privilege of seeing you here, that you would be enebled speedily to command from 10,000 to 20,000 troops, either militia or for State defense, I venture to inquire if it would not be in your power with them to undertake the defense of the railroad line from Weldon tjo Wilmigton, or at least so much of it as is protected by the forces under General Martin, so as to allow them to be thrown at once to Wilmington.

I may add that this inquiry is at the suggestion of the President himself, and if it be in your power to afford such protection to the railroad line, I unite in urging that application of your State forces.

Very truly, yours,

J. S. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA.,

September 6, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have arranged with the Quartermaster- General for th etransportation of Longstreet's Corps, and have given the necessary orders for the movement of th etroops and their subsistance on the road. I go to the Army of Northern Virginia to- morrow

