
morning to assist in carrying out what has been directed, and to make whatever other arrangements may be necessary. As regards myself, should you think that the service will be benefited by my repairing to the Army of Tennessee, I will of course submit to your judgment. From your knowledge of all the circumstances attending the operations of both armies, you can come to a more correct conclusion than I can from my point of view. In my conversation with you on this subject when the question was proposed. I did not intend to decline the service, if desired that I should undertake it, but merely to express the opinion that the duty could be better performed by the officers already in that department.

I am, with great esteem, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, No. 23. Abingdon, September 6, 1863.

In compliance with orders from the Secretary of War, the undersigned assumes temporarily command of that portion of Southwestern Virginia which belonged to the Department of East Tennessee, and all the forces east of Knoxville that belong to that department.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, No. 24. Abingdon, September 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. Williams is hereby temporarily assigned to the command of that portion of Southwestern Virginia which belonged to the Department of East Tennessee, and all forces east of Knoxville that belong to that department.

By order of Major General Sam. Jones:

J. G. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUBLIN,

September 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. FLOYD KING,

Chief of Artillery, Union:

Bring your command direct to this place, via the Narrows. Use all efforts to get it here as soon as possible.

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No. 224. September 7, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VII. Brigadier General W. W. Kirkland, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Lieutenant General A. P. Hill, commanding Third Corps, for assignment to the command of the brigade formerly commanded by General Pettigrew.

