
matter of Bald Head is one of very great importance. I beg of you so to consider it and no longer to allow this district to remain in its present exposed, dangerous, and defenseless position.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT CASWELL,September 7, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters:

SIR: I have the honor to state that yesterday one of the enemy's gunboats went off within one-half or three-quarters of a mile of the Cape of Bald Head, and sent two boat-loads of men ashore. I sent men over to discover what they were doing, but they had gone back before my men reached the point. I am disposed to think that the enemy is planning to occupy the island before we do, and therefore request permission to keep one of my companies over on Bald Head, or at least a detachment of men and a piece of artillery, until the battery is erected over there.

The inspection ordered by the general to be made by Major Hedrick, Captain Sweetman, and myself, was made the day after the receipt of his order, and a suitable place for a battery was found near the point of Bald Head Island, and also a suitable place for a wharf was selected.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. JONES,

Colone, Provisional Army, C. S.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, September 8, 1863.

MEMORANDUM FOR LIEUTENANT-COLONEL FROBEL.

Proceed immediately to occupy Bald Head. Rankin's company is ordered there, and force will be increased if necessary. The Whitworth gun should be sent there from Caswell. The engineer department will proceed to construct wharves; one near proposed fort, one for the rip near light-house.

Intrenchments and the works of the fort should be at once commenced, and should receive your constant and vigilant supervision. In this I desire that Major Hedrick should assist you. Timber must be immediately secured for bomb-proofs, and no time must be lost in the construction. Tetes-de-pont should be built to cover the wharves.

Recollect this work is of the utmost importance and will require all your energy.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

45 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

