HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 11, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Your letter of September 9, with the accompanying extract of a letter from Governor Brown, of Georgia, has been received. General Wofford is now with his brigade on the march to Tennessee, and will be much needed in his brigade at the present juncture. I regard him as one of the best brigadiers in the division in which he is serving, and I do not see well how his services can be spared. I think everything should be done to check the progress of the evil of which Governor Brown speaks. General A. R. Wright, of Georgia, whose brigade is with that portion of the army which remains here, might be spared for this duty, I hear that he is a gentleman of some political influence in his State. If Governor Brown should desire his services and make application for him, I think he might be assigned. He is a gallant and efficient officer. I hope all good citizens will aid the Governor in inculcating a spirit of harmony and in suppressing these treasonable demonstrations.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CAMP NEAR ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

September 11, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I replied by telegraph to your dispatch of the 10th instant.* I think if Pickett's division is retained it had better be kept entire. Its brigades are small. Should, if possible, be recruited, and it will be more efficient united. It will require some days for it to march to Richmond, and in the meantime Wise can be made ready. Longstreet should have reached Richmond last evening, and can make all necessary arrangements.

The defenses around Richmond should now be completed as soon as possible. I did not see any connection or communication between the redoubts for the defense of Drewry's Bluff from a land attack, and the defensive line around Manchester. This is important, and also that there should be obstructions in the river connecting this intermediate line (as it was termed) on both sides of the river. Should be enemy's land forces drive us from Drewry's Bluff, they would remove the obstructions at that point, and although we might be able to hold the intermediate line, his gunboats could ascend the river and destroy Richmond. I think, too, Colonel Gorgas should commence at once to enlarge his manufacturing arsenals, &amp;c., in the interior, so that if Richmond should fall we would not be destitute. There are only recommended as prudential measures, and such as, should the necessity for them ever arise, we will then wish had been taken.

Scouts on the Potomac report 4 large schooners crowded with troops, passing up the river on the 8th instant. I think they must have come from south of James River. Scouts should be sent to Suffolk and elsewhere to ascertain what point have been evacuated.

---------------

*See p.710.

---------------

