HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, September 11, 1863.

Captain J. M. WADE,

Christianburg:

Report of raid by the enemy in direction of Wytheville via Tazewell. Collect your force and hold them in readiness to come to New River Bridge. You will be informed when transportation will be ready.

By order:

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 216. Richmond, September 11, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

XXVII. The brigade of Brigadier General M. Jenkins is assigned to Hood's division, Longstreet's army corps, and will proceed with that division to its destination under existing orders.

XXVIII. The brigade of Brigadier-General Wise will proceed without delay to Charleston, S. C., and report for duty to General Beauregard.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXTRACT OF LETTER FROM GENERAL LONGSTREET.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, September 12, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Henry's artillery has come donw here, to my surprise. I have ordered * * *. Anderson's brigade was so far on its way toward Charleston when your telegram got here that it could not be diverted, and fearing that if I sent Jenkins on to take his place that General Beauregard would keep both, I concluded that the wisest and safest plan would be to put Jenkins' brigade in Anderson's place in Hood's division. It has been so arranged. I intended to have suggested before leaving you, that our defenses around Richmond be so arranged that we might (in the event we should be forced to give up Richmond) hold Drewry's and Chaffin's Bluffs, with a garrison of 15,000 or 20,000 men, until we could we might hold our vessels here, under the protection of these fortifications, until we could recover the city. But if we should give up the river to the enemy, there would be but little prospect of our getting back the capital during the war. As I have never seen the positions of these bluffs, I do not know whether this arrangement is a practicable one.

I hope to start west on Monday morning. If I can do anything there, it shall be done promptly. If I cannot, I shall advise you to recall me. If I did not think our move a necessary one, my regrets

