
at leaving you would be distressing to me, as it seems to be with the officers and men of my command. Believing it to be necessary, I hope to accept it and my other personal inconveniences cheerfully and hopefully. All that we have to be proud of has been accomplished under your eye and under your orders. Our affections for you are stronger, if it is possible for them to be stronger, than our admiration for you.

I remain, general, most respectfully and affectionately, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 12, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

GENERAL: In reply to the question whether he can furnish horses for the dismounted Missouri cavalry, which it was proposed to assign to him, General Imboden writes that he cannot do it. He proposes to aid them, by guides and otherwise, to capture horses from the enemy on the border. This plan I do not approve, as the parties sent out are too liable to take horses from friends as well as foes. General Imboden states that he has 200 government horses under charge of his quartermaster, on grass, and thinks it would be well to sell them out to individuals at an appraisement, and thinks they would recuperate more rapidly in this way. This is a matter, however, for the consideration of the Quartermaster-General, as he may be more in need of those horses for other branches of the service, and the horses well taken care of ought to improve rapidly as they are.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsements.]

SEPTEMBER 17, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Quartermaster-General, for his views as to the proposed sale of horses by General Imboden, and return of this communication requested.

By order:

C. H. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERAMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 18, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major A. H. Cole, Inspector-General, for consideration and report to this office.

By order:

J. B. HOGE,

Major.

