
OFFICE INSPECTOR-GENERAL OF TRANSPORTATION,

September 21, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Quartermaster-General.

Provision has been made for the recruiting by the Government of all public animals, with the view of returning them to service, where they are much needed for artillery and transportation, as rapidly as possible. I cannot therefore recommend the adoption of General Imboden's suggestion.

A. H. COLE,

Major, and Inspector-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

September 21, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant-General.

Major Cole's indorsement is approved.

By order of Quartermaster-General:

J. B. HOGE.

WILMINGTON, N. C., September 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Richmond, Va.:

Is it likely that my troops will be sent to me in accordance with my many requests? Must have some.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, September 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have to-day received your letters of the 8th and 9th instant. While I regret exceedingly our want of means, I cannot but recognize the pressure upon the Department as very great. We must accordingly do the best we can with what we have.

I am informed by Colonel Hinton that he has been very successful in raising and equipping a respectable force of State troops in the northeastern part of the State, and that Governor Vance will place them under my control. In this case, I can move, no doubt, the greater part of Ransom's brigade here.

I regret exceedingly to have to report the existence of armed and hostile bands of North Carolinians in the western counties. It is believed, however, that the measures already taken will shortly break them up.

Your impression is correct as to No. 4 of the regulations in regard to steamers to which you refer. No authority to issue passports is claimed. It was simply deemed necessary that we should know who is permitted to leave the country. Passports from the War Department are therefore only vise in this office.

With regard to Colonel Duncan, although I have as yet seen no reason to be otherwise than satisfied with his efficient performance of business, I must regard your suggestion. He is not a commissioned

