
it is being put on in two layers, one horizontal, the other vertical. The holes are punched with a small engine brought from Richmond.

When the ram is plated, the floating battery will be plated; no guns in either. The ram is to have the Brooke rifle. The boilers (he is not sure about the machinery) were in the ram. The floating battery is to be stationed at Rainbow Bluff, just below Hamilton, a fortified point. This information was got from men taken from my service to work on this gunboat, and is no later than July 20, 1863.

There were, before the war, and are now, three small steamers on the Roanoke,light draught, side-wheel boats. The engine of one of the iron-clads at Wilmington was taken from a steamer, the other was built at Richmond, Va.

Statement made to me August 17 and 18, 1863.

S. PHILLIPS LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 18, 1863-12. 45 p. m.

Major-General GRANT, Vicksburg, Miss.:

Brigadier General George Crook will repair to the Department of West Virginia, and report for duty to Brigadier-General Kelley.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, August 19, 1863-12 m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

The following rebel signal message has just been intercepted by our signal officers:

General LEE:

I have moved my headquarters to Culpeper, on account of forage.

STUART,

General.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. New Berne, N. C., August 19, 1863.

The limits of the Districts of Beaufort Albemarle, an Pamlico will, until otherwise ordered, remain as indicated in General Orders, Numbers 64, from headquarters Department of North Carolina.

The forces and defense of New Berne will be under the immediate command of Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, with powers, and responsibilities analogous to those of district commanders. Necessary stores and supplies will be issued, upon his orders, to the troops in his command; and so much of General Orders, Numbers 111, from these headquarters as is inconsistent herewith is revoked.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

