
whether General Longstreet's corps will reach General Bragg in time and condition to be of any advantage to him.

If the report sent me by General Cooper since my return from Richmond is correct, General Bragg had, on the 20th of August last, 51,101 effective men; General Buckner, 16,118. He was to receive from General Johnston 9,000. His total force will therefore be 76,219, as large a number as I presume he can operate with. This is independent of the local troops, which you may recollect he reported as exceeding his expectations.

Should General Longstreet reach General Bragg in time to aid him in winning a victory, and return to this army, it will be well, but should he be detained there without being able to do any good, it will result in evil. I hope you will have the means of judging of this matter and of deciding correctly. There seems to be no prospect now of General Burnside effecting a junction with General Rosecrans, but it is to be apprehended that he will force General Jones back and thus aid the advance of General Meade.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, A. N. VA., No. 2. September 14, 1863.

In accordance with Special Orders, No. 229, Paragraph IV, headquarters Department of Northern Virginia, Lieutenant Colonel George St. Leger Grenfel, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby assigned to duty as assistant inspector-general, Cavalry Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRISTOL, TENN., September 14, 1863.

Major WILLIAM B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dublin:

Keep the home guards together, or ready to turn out in short notice, until you receive information from Colonel McCausland that there is no immediate danger from the direction of Tazewell and Mercer. Ascertain to what extent I can rely on the home guards to protect the salt-works. It would help me very much to be able to take Wharton's troops away from that service.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

JONESBOROUGH, TENN., September 14, 1863.

Captain J. G. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Abingdon:

The enemy reported advancing from Cumberland Gap to Saltville. How true I cannot say. Instruct Majors Chivworth [Chenoweth] and Prentice to send scouts and ascertain the truth of the rumor.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

46 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

