
The major-general commanding returns thaks to the hme guards of Wythe, Pulaski, Roanoke, and Montgomery for the promptitude with which they met the third call for their assistance in repelling a threatened raid.

While he feels confidence in their ability and determination to repel any attack when their services are needed, he at the same time takes this opportunity of cautioning them to feel no disappointment when they are disbanded without a conflict the the enemy, for the track of the invader, no matter how small his encroachment on our boundaries, is marked with waste and devastion.

Let us, on the contrary, return thanks to God that we have been once more protect from the destruction of our homes and property.

By command of Major General Sam. Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, Va., September 14, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh, N. C.:

SIR: Your excellency's letter of the 20th ultimo, with regard to the causes of dissatisfaction among the North Carolina troops in the Army of Northern Virginia, was referred to General Lee, and I now have the honor to inclose a copy of his reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 9, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The letter of Governor Vance, of North Carolina, of August 20, with regard to the causes of dissatisfaction among the North Carolina troops in this army, with your indorsement, has been received.

I regret exceedingly the jealousies, heart-burnings, and other evil consequences resulting from the crude misstatements of newspaper correspondents, who have, necessarily, a very limited acquaintance with the facts about which they write, and who magnify the deeds of troops from their own States at the expense of others. But I can see no remedy for this. Men seem to prefer sowing discord to inculcating harmony.

In the reports of the officers, justice is done the brave soldiers of North Carolina, whose heroism and devotion have illustrated the name of their STate on every battle-field in which the Army of Northern Virginia has been engaged, but the publication of these reports during the progress of the war would give the enemy information which it is desirable to withhold. With regard to a correspondent of the press from North Carolina, the way is open to him as to those from other States. I cannot, however, in my judgment,

