
of Fredericksburg under general instructions given by me. It is difficult now to say, with the after knowledge of events, whether these instructions could, at the time, have been better executed, or whether if all the guns had remained in position, as you state there was not enough infantry supports for those retained, more might not have been captured.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-I return Major Page's letter* and the copy of your report.*
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General F. T. NICHOLLS,

Lynchburg:

Send both companies, as soon as you can, to report to Colonel Wharton at Glade Spring.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, September 15, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Jonesborough:

Will send Stamps immediately. There are 1,500 regular troops at Lynchburg and en route to that place. Do noth know commander-Dodamead desires to know where to send them. Telegraph him direct, as I am not informed of your wishes or plans, and cannot order him under Warwick's telegram. Major Myers sent the home guards away. Sorry I cannot be with you, but cheerfully remain as you desire. Will send Myers to-morrow.

CHAS S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., September 16, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia, Orange C. H.:

GENERAL: Your two letters of the 14th have been received. In relation to the guns of General Longstreet's corps, I had taken the same view which you present, and upon inquiry have learned that a supply of artillery horses were to be obtained at Atlanta. On account of the necessity for rapid operations and the delays consequent upon insufficient transportation, I suggested to General Longstreet the propriety of supplying himself with guns, if practicable, from those in depot at Atlanta and at Augusta. At the latter place a battery of Napoleons were being prepared to be shipped to General Whiting at Wilmington. I proposed to Colonel Gorgas to exchange them for similar guns here belonging to General Longstreet's corps.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

