
the front line of his troops, his horse was shot under him. Citizens report the enemy's loss heavy. I hope ours is not large. I have only heard the death of Colonel Rogers, of North Carolina, Scales' brigade, who was killed by a shell at Barnett's Ford, and of Lieutenant-Colonel Delony, of the cavalry, wounded.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-From the details brought by the train to-day of the battle of Chickamauga, I see that Buckner had united with Bragg. I am grieved to learn the death of General Hood. I fear also, from the accounts, that General Wofford is dead; he was one of Georgia's best soldiers. I am gradually losing my best men-Jackson, Pender, Hood. There was no braver soldier in the Confederacy than Deshler. I see he is numbered among the dead.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 23, 1863-2 p.m.

General STUART,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of to-day, reporting the retirement of the enemy's cavalry. I hope you may be able to deal him a damaging blow before he gets out of your reach. I congratulate you on defeating his plans and arresting his advance. The energy and promptness of yourself and command elicits my high admiration. With inferior numbers you concentrated your troops, and successfully opposed his progress, and obliged him to relinquish his purpose. His next attempt will be on our right. We must either be prepared for him there or prostrate him by a movement on his rear.

I hope your loss has been small, and that your troops are in good condition. Cherish and refresh them all you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, September 23, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

Captain Reid just reached Glade Spring from fight at Blountsville, Tenn., yesterday. Reports enemy, infantry and artillery and cavalry, 6,000 strong, attacked Colonel Carter and drove him toward Zollicoffer. Believes their intention to attack Saltville. Prisoner informed him Burnside in command. General Wharton reports he has sent Fifty-first Virginia Regiment toward Bristol. Has Otey Battery and Clarke's battalion on trains ready to start. Asks for the Sixtieth Regiment at once. Says he has no late intelligence from General Jones. The Sixtieth goes to him as soon as transporttion is procured. It was delayed here after communications with General Jones were opened.

