
to be made in some of them, but one being missing-that of Cedar Mountain-I was unable to have them put in the form I wished. I now beg leave to call your attention to the subject, and ask that the reports may be arranged, as I request, before being submitted to Congress. To do so I respectfully request that you will direct all my reports of 1862, from Mechanicsville to the first battle of Fredericksburg, inclusive, be put together as a continuous report. The address to you of the first report will serve for the address of the whole, and the signature to the last will also serve for the signature to the whole. All the intermediate reports will then have the address to you stricken out, and over each will be written a caption showing to what part of the campaign it relates. The words "respectfully submitted" and my signature will also be erased from all the reports excepting the last.

The series will then be made to form a continuous narrative addressed to yourself, in the following order:

First. Report of operations around Richmond, including the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mills, or battle of the Chickahominy, Savage Station, Frazier's [Frayser's] Farm, and Malvern Hill.

Second. Battle of Cedar Mountain.

Third. Report of operations of the army from August 13 to September 2, embracing the battles of Manassas and Ox Hill.

Fourth. Maryland Campaign, embracing the battles of Boonsborough, Sharpsburg, capture of harper's Ferry, and the return of the army to the line of the Rappahannock.

Fifth. Battle of Fredericksburg, December 13, 1862.

The first only will be addressed, the last only will hae my signature. Some of these alterations have been made, as before stated. Should there be any difficulty in making the others, if my reports could be sent to me, I will have the necessary changes made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 25, 1863.

General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I judge by the enemy's movements in front and the reports of my scouts in his rear that he is preparing to move against me with all the strength he can gather. The troops sent to New York have returned and pontoon trains are being brought up. I wish every man who can possibly be sent to re-enforce me, and, therefore, would be glad for you to make your arrangements so as to send me all you can spare at the proper moment. Please let me know whether Pickett has yet gone to Hanover Junction, so that I can draw Cooke up at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-I have delayed sending the Maryland troops down until after the battle.

