
ton, under General Heitzelman, have joined General Meade. The report that the former officer had taken command at Harper's Ferry I find is not correct. He visited that post, and inspected the troops along the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, probably with a view to withdrawing all that could be spared, which gave rise to the report. The pontoon trains have again been brought up from Centerville, and a Confederate soldier that escaped from Point Lookout and crossed the Potomac on the 9th instant, brings the report that some of the troops lately landed at Alexandria came from Washington, [N. C.,] and Charleston.

Every effort seems to be making to collect a large army under General Meade, and I fear, as usual, he will come in overwhelming numbers. I have brought Cooke's to Gordonsville, to have his as near as possible, while retaining him on the line of the railroad. The North Carolina companies of Pettigrew's and Daniel's brigades left last spring in Richmond, which I have several times requested might be returned to their regiments, have not yet been sent to me. I know of no other troops that I could get, unless Corse's brigade could be withdrawn from General Sam. Jones. The enemy will now senf rom East Tennessee to General Rosecrans all the regular troops in that quarter, and if General Sam. Jones could re-occupy Knoxville he could materially assist General Bragg. if he cannot, the troops with him will be in a measure idle. I am much obliged to your excellency for the information contained in your dispatch of last evening in reference to Generals Hood and Wofford. It has given me great relief.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, September 27, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Zollicoffer:

Have sent orders to pegram as directed. General Lee writes he expects enemy to move on him immediately, with all the force he can get. Needs all his troops.

If you can strike the enemy a damaging blow, do so immediately. If his troops be kept idle he needs them badly.

Send him all you can. Refers especially to Corse's brigade. headquarters not given. On the 24th, Bragg reports he has 7,000 prisoners, 36 cannon, and 15,000 small-arms. I think the enemy still at Chattanooga. Bragg in their immediate front.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP AT ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

September 28, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: A report was sent to me yesterday from Shenandoah Valley which, if true, furnishes additional reason for prompt

48 R R - VOL XXIX, PT II

