
action on the part of General Bragg. It is stated that Generals Slocum and Howard's corps, under General Hooker, are to re-enforce General Rosecrans. They were to move over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and to commence on the night of the 25th.

I see by the Washington Chronicle of the 25th, that on the 24th the Twelfth Corps, which is the one commanded by General Slocum, was reviewe by Sir Henry Holland and Assistant Adjutant-General Townsend. A review of a corps was noticed on that day by our lookouts, and the disappearance of a large encampment east of Culpeper Court-House and some changes in those west of that place were reported. The Eleventh Corps Howard's, has been stationed along the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and I have not heard of its withdrawal, though it may have been replaced by other troops from the rear. By last accounts, the railroad was still closely guarded.

If the report from the valley is true, it will no doubt be corroborated to-day or to-morrow. I sent yesterday to General Imboden and Major Gilmor, in the valley, to endeavor to break the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, But it has occurred to me, if the withdrawal of these two corps under General Hooker is true, that they may be intended to operate on the peninsula as a diversion to Meade's advance. I therefore request that reliable scouts be sent to the Peninsula to ascertain if any troops are arriving there.

A person from Washington City reports that there are no troops now in that place or Alexandria, and that 22,000 men have recently been brought over the washington and baltimore Railroad for Meade's army.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Orange Court-House, September 28, 1863.

General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding at Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: It has been reported to me that Slocum's and Howard's Corps, Twelfth and Eleventh, under General Hooker, are to re-enforce General Rosecrans, and that the movement of those corps was to have commenced on the evening of the 25th. The distance of a large encampment east of Culpeper Court-House and some change of camps west of that place were reported to me on the 25th, which would give some corroboration to the report. But if true, I shall no doubt ascertain in a day or two. It was said that these troops were to have been moved on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, but it has occurred to me, coupling the report with what has been previously stated in the Washington papers in reference to General Meade's advance. I therefore request that you will send bold and reliable scouts to ascertain if any troops are arriving in those quarters.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

