
Colonel McCausland has therefore to guard the advances through Tazewell and Rocky Gap. It will certainly take the regiment of cavalry and the regiment of infantry with him to do that, for he has no other troops.

To resist and advance upon Lewisburg, you could concentrate all of Colonel Jackson's command, Colonel Ferguson's three regiments, Dunn's battalion, the Twenty-second Regiment, and certainly one infantry battalion. Indeed, you would in no event be weakened by the major-general's order of the 26th instant, for, by placing the battalion as directed on that day, if your cavalry is vigilant the battalion could reach you before you were attacked by the enemy in force.

I do not think the enemy is likely to move from the Kanawha on you, when he can strike Colonel McCausland, who would have to meet him with only about 1,000 men, with about as much ease.

The cavalry force at Beverly seems to me to be the one against which you have to guard most carefully, and against that force you could concentrate the troops of Jackson and Ferguson, and I think the battalion of infantry in question. I do not, therefore, feel that I could change the disposition of this battalion, approved by the commanding general, without his order. Please, therefore, station it as requested in my letter of the 26th, and let me know where it is stationed with as little delay as possible, that I may inform Colonel McCausland on the subject.

I have this morning sent both of your letters to the commanding general, requesting his particular attention to them. I will communicate with you immediately if he makes any change. I asked his special attention to the difficulty in regard to forage, &amp;c.

So soon as Major-General Ransom reports for duty, I think he will be put in command in East Tennessee, when General Jones will return to this end of his line, at least for a few days. I expect, therefore, that he will very shortly be with you.

I presume the major-general commanding was not aware that Davidson's battery was attached to Jenkins' brigade. I had forgoten it myself, the battery having joined General Jenkins after he left this department. As the rest of his brigade has been ordered away, I presume Colonel Ferguson will bring that battery with him. So soon as he reports I will issue an order to that effect, if he has not anticipated it.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- My attention has been called to the fact that a report was received from Colonel Ferguson during my absence in which Captain Davidson's battery is mentioned. I see he has only two guns in the field, the rest being without horses.

CAMP AT ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

September 30, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Reports are coming in corroborating the state-ment that two corps, Eleventh and twelfth, of General Meade's army, will proceed to General Rosecrans. A scout, in whom I have not

