
entire confidence, sends me information to that effect from Washington City, under date of 26th of September, and adds that General Meade's army will be transferred to the Peninsula. The latter I do not believe. Another scout in Prince William County, under date of 27th, states that it is currently reported "that one division of the Eleventh Corps, and First and Third of the Twelfth Corps, have passed through Alexandria to re-enforce Rosecrans." none of the scouts have yet seen the troops in motion, nor can any material change be observed in their camps in our front. If sent, their most probable route would be down the Ohio and up the Tennessee to Clarksburg, and thence by rail to Stevenson. It would be well to advise General Bragg that his cavalry, if possible, might break the line.

No indications this morning of a movement of the part of General Meade. His army occupies the ridge north of Culpeper Court-House, extending some miles est and west. His cavalry massed in front of his right and our left. His position answers as well for defense as attack. General Jones writes that he does not believe there is any enemy between him and Knoxville. I presume he does not intend to advance, as he says he has ordered back Corse's brigade.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 30, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I send by courier to-day thirty-two packages and letters sent over by flag of truce, inclosing effects found on persons of deceased Confederate soldiers. I have advised company and regimental commanders, requesting them to send in the addressed of representatives of the deceased in order that their effects may be forwarded to them. So soon as received they will be forwarded. As the amount of money inclosed is considerable, I have considered it best to send it where it can be properly cared for until known to whom it may be sent.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

SIGNAL OFFICE,

Richmond, September 30, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose copy of dispatch just received at this office, from Washignton, from a source which may be considered reliable.

Very respectfully,

WM. NORRIS,

Major, and Chief of Signal Corps.

