
[Inclosure.]

SEPTEMBER 25, 1863.

The Eleventh Army Corps, 30,000 strong, is at Alexandria; is to be forwarded at once to the relief of Rosecrans. General Meade, if circumstances demand it, will fall back on Washington.

The President has telegraphed railroad presidents to meet here, and it is said they are already here. The troops are to be hurried through on shortest time. There is immense trepidation here with the "powers that be," in regard to Rosecrans. General Meade is already, it is said, at Warrenton. (Evening.)

Recent information shows that two of Meade's army corps are on the move; large numbers of troops are at the cars, now loaded with cannon.

There is no doubt as to the destination of these troops - part for Rosecrans, and perhaps for Burnside. Eleventh Army Corps commanded by General Howard (the Dutch corps).

A. HOWELL.

SEPTEMBER 27.

It is reported that Joe Hooker is in command of these troops, and their destination is the White House.

The troops are at the Relay house this evening.
HEADQUARTERS EARLY'S DIVISION,September 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I must call the attention of the commanding general to the embarrassments under which regimental officers, especially company officers, labor in regard to their subsistence in the present state of things. No funds for the payment of the troops have been furnished for several months, notwithstanting the fact that the regular estimates have been sent in, and the consequence is that officers cannot be paid, and as the regulations of the Commissary Department require sales to officers to be mad for cash, officers who are dependent on their pay, as is the case with a vast majority of them are without the means of subsistence. The cannot buy from citizens or the commissaries without money, and the only resource they have left is to share the rations of the men.

I would respectfully suggest that commissaries be authorized to sell to officeers provisions without requiring cash payment, tickets being given to show the amount of purchases, which could be turned over to the regimental quartermaster, to be deducted from the pay of the officer giving them. A system of this sort, properly regulated, would be a convenience to all parties, and would serve to diminish the volume of the currency to the extent of purchases made by officers, as money would not be required for that purpose. Frayd upon the Government could be prevented by rendering any payment to an officer, expect by his proper quartermaster, invalid, which would also curtial the cases of absence without leave.

These suggestions, if deemed of any value, can be submitted to the War Department, but the present necessities of the officers must

