
be relieved in some way, or they must starve, or live entirely upon the rations furnished for the men, which is not calculated to enhance their authority or respectability. A vast number of my officers are in this condition, and I must urge immediate attention to the matter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,October 1, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

I recommended that brigade commissaries of subsistence be authorized to receive officers pay accounts in payment for subsistence stores, to be passed through the hands of the quartermaster, so as to prevent fraud, and to be returned by the Commissary of Subsistence to the Quartermaster's Department for payment, when it has funds. This plan has this advantage over that proposed by General Early, that it can go into operation at once. Either this should be done or the Commissary of Subsistence should be directed to sell on credit or to issue rations to the officers, who are in some cases (not in Early's division) reduced to living on the rations issued to their men. I would also approve the recommendation of General Early, that officrs should only be paid by the quartermasters of their own commands, with this addition, that whenever an officer absent from his command applies for payment, he be required to append to his pay accounts a copy of the order authorizing such absnce.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, and the suggestions of General Ewell recommended.

R. E. LEE,

General.

OCTOBER 7, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, Va., October 9, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Adjutant and Inspector General.

The difficulties within alleged were long since anticipated, and, it is bellieved, are fully provided by the provisions of the inclosed circular.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 17, 1862.

No subsistence stores will be sold to officers' families. When an officer has his family with him, where he is stationed on duty, he

