
you to send my brigade here. As far as I am personally concerned, I am well situated here, being in command of this sub-division, as I have been for some weeks, on the exposed point, and with twelve infantry regiments under my command, besides the large artillery force in the heavy batteries, as well as light artillery and cavalry. As this island is considered a very dangerous place I do not think any of the other generals here covet it, and I can probably remain here indefinitely.

If, however, I cannot be actively engaged here, if the enemy attack Wilmington I should be willing to go there, and think my observations of affairs here has been of service to me and that I could do better now than before I went into a fight of batteries against ironclads.

In haste, yours, truly, &amp;c.,

T. L. CLINGMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsements.]

Returned to Secretary of War.

In addition to arrangements made to concentrate General martin's brigade at Wilmington, it will be well to give contingent instructions so that if required, Clingman's brigade might be promptly returned to Wilmington.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

From information received by General Whiting, as well as from general inference of what may be the policy of the enemy, that vigilant commander is apprehensive that a portion of the forces now assailing Charleston may be suddenly diverted and thrown in attack on Wilmington. He dreads and attack even by the iron-clads from sea, much less than a descent in force on some exposed point on the coast, and an attack in reserve.

These apprehensions, it is hoped, may prove unfounded,; but as the enemy may well despair of triumphing in a land attack on your strong defenses, it may be that he will seek to cover his failure by an attempt at a coup de main elsewhere. Itbehooves, therefore, the Department that sich arrangements as circumstances allow should be adopted to guard against the contingency of an attack on Wilmington. General Whiting has, therefore, been provided with Martin's brigade, and in addition has been instructed, in the event of certain intelligence being received of any contemplated land attack on him, to call on you for the prompt return of Clingman's brigade to him. I have to request that, as far as may be practicable without disturbing your plans of defense, you hold Cligman's brigade so prepared that on such call it may be thrown rapidly to Wilmington, and that, in the event of General Whiting making the requisition, it may be sent to his re-enforcement without delay. He will be cautioned not to make the demand unless satisfied that the enemy's land forces are being withdrawn from before Charleston for attack on him.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. S. [SEDDON.]

Write, informing General Whiting of the above instructions to General Beauregard, and authorize him, on certain intelligence that

