
the enemy are preparing to attack him by land with forces drawn in whole or in part from Charleston, to make requisition for the return of Clingman's brigade.

J. A. S. [SEDDON.]
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 30, 1863.

Colonel GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond:

COLONEL: Captain Porter, fot he Phantom, goes on to Richmond this evening to make his report to you. I beg that you will not consider the loss of the ship as his fault. From all I can learn, the accident has been unavoidable, and due to no mismanagement.

Captain Porter has, with great gallantry and much personal exposure, directed successfully the troops and his crew in saving the cargo, under a daily and heavy fire, and in this he deserve in every way the consideration and commendation of the Department.

The loss of the vessel is what may happen to any commander. The course he has pursued since belongs to himself, and I hope that he will be continued in service for the good of our cause.

Backed by our brave soldiers, I think that the saving of the cargo of the Phantom is due to the personal skill and gallantry of Captain Porter.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

AGENCY OF WAR DEPARTMENT,

Wilmington, September 30, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chife of Ordnance, Richmond:

COLONEL: I have refrained from alluding, excepting briefly, to the loss of the phantom, as Captain Porter could make his own report, and I did not desire to anticipate any statements which would appear from him. But Captain Porter's attention to duty, his earnestness in its discharge, his acknowledged capacity, and the coolness and gallantry he has exhibited in saving the cargo of the Phantom, entitle him to every consideration, and I trust he will be continued in a service for which he has sacrificed great indusements and for which he is peculiarly fitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SEIXAS,

Agent of War Department.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 5, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War for notice and return.

I am satisfied that Captain Porter is an efficient and brave officer, and I shall be gald to recommend him for the command of any new steamer purchased.

