
Nighbert, House of Delegates, Logan, Boone, and Wyoming Counties; J. H. Thompson, House of Delegates, Smyth County; R. T. Bowen, House of Delegates, Tazewell County; Wm. J. Kendrick, House of Delegates, Russell County; John S. Draper, House of Delegates, Pulaski County.]

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War for attention and reply.

J. D. [DAVIS.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 2, 1863.

Captain J. G. MARTIN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to reply to your letter of the 1st instant. He desires you to remain in your present position for the time being. He expresses himself entirely satisfied with the action you have hitherto taken, and wishes you to continue to follow the instructions given you by Brigadier-General Preston and himself.

You will order Captain Fields to proceed forthwith with his comapny to Pound Gap and remain at that place. Lieutenant-Colonel Prentice will, after he has wiped out the enemy at Guest's Station, scout the country between that place and Pound Gap. Direct Pr. page to return to Jonesville and report to the major-general commanding any information from that place. The general thinks it probable that a commandant will be sent to the district which you now command.

He is perfectly satisfied with your course, and desires you to remain until relieved by such commandant.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, Va., October 2, 1863.

Brigadier General ROBERT F. HOKE:

GENERAL: Mr Jones, who is largely interested in iron contracts with the Government, has been sent to me by Governor Vance, with the representation of dangerous combinations and violent proceedings of deserters and tories in and about Watauga County, N. C., in which the works of Mr. Jones are situated. The accounts induce me to believe that a visit with your command, or a portion of it, to that district would be eminently serviceable.

I do not know the precise nature of the instructions you have received from General Lee, nor do I mean to contravene them; but if, without a departure from them, you can appropriately visit and repress disorders in the country named, and in one or two adjoining, liable, as I am informed, to similar outrages, it would be gratifying to the Department.

Mr. Jones, who will hand you this, is commended to a favorable

