
audience, and will inform you more in detail both of the nature of the outrages and of the readiest avenues of approach to the infected district. He is particularly urgent that the disloyal men who may be arrested, if conscribed, should be totally removed from the State and sent to our more distant armies. I would suggest that if there be any troops from North Carolina serving with General Johnston, that army, being most remote, would probably offer fewest opportunities of escape; next to that being the army of General Lee, and to one or the other I think they had better be assigned.

Very respectfully,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CAMP AT ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

October 3, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: A dispatch from Major Gilmor, in the valley, last night states that the re-enforcements for Rosecrans have all passed over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The force, composed od Slocum's and Howard's corps, under General Hooker, was estimated at between 20,000 and 25,000 men. He states he made several attempts to break the railroad, but could accomplish nothing. I do not except that Imboden has been more successful in his efforts farther west. Unless more than two corps have been forwarded to General Rosecran's army, the estimate of their strength is, in my opinion, too great, and they will probably not exceed 12,000. The are considered two of the smallest and most indiferent corps.

A small detachment of General R. D. Johnston's North Carolina brigade crossed the Rapidan on the night of the 1st and attacked a cavalry picket of the enemy. Lieutenant P. Durham, commanding the detachment, returned with 1 prisoner, 8 horses, 9 saddles and bridles, 4 sabers, and 4 pistols. He left 1 of the enemy killed, 1 wounded, and 2 horses killed.

The army has not been paid for some months, and it is reported that the company officers find difficulty in subsisting themselves. All the estimates, excepting for the cavalry, forwarded some weeks since. If it is possible, I should like to have the men paid regularly.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

DUBLIN,

October 4, 1863.

Brigadier General G. C. WHARTON,

Glade Spring:

Place your brigade in the vicinity of the depot, so that you can move readily to Saltville, on the railroad, as desired.

By order of Major General S. Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

49 R R - VOL XXIX, PT II

