
At that time there were no advance works at Fort Caswell, none at Fisher, none at the important point of Smithwille, none at all on Smith's Island, and but few on the river. At all these points powerful works have been erected, absolutely essential to the defense, but I have had no increase of force. But this, the garrisoning of the forts, is but a trifle compared to the vital necessity of the army of support. I have many times shown this in reports, plans, and memoirs. The responsibility is great. I must leave the subject with you, only assuring you that as matters stand here now I cannot answer for the safely of this place for any forty-eight hours.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

P. S.- My previous letters on this subject, which are very numerous, have been addresssed to the Secretary of war, in continuation of a direct correspondence commenced with Mr. Randolph. Having received your telegram, in future I will be careful to address you.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 6, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

A brigade of Pickett's division has been sent to Kinston to relieve Martin's brigade, which is ordered to Wilmington.

General Beauregard should be instructed to watch the movement of the enemy from Charleston and the coast in the direction of Wilmington, and promptly send re-enforcements to General Whiting, should such movements be made.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CAMP AT ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

October 5, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 1st. I hope there was a mistake as to the strength of Bragg's army. His effective strength, given me by General Cooper before the battle, and before the addition of Longstreet's corps, was 76,219; Bragg's 51,101 and Buckner's 16,118, plus 9,000 from Johnston's army. I think if Your Excellency could make it convenient to visit that country, you would be able to reconcile many difficulties and unite the scattered troops.

I wrote to you that I could spare General Iverson for the cavalry in Georgia. He is the only man I can think of for the situation. I would also recommend that General W. E. Jones be assigned to the command of the cavalry lately under Deshler, unless there is with that army a better man for the place. I consider General Jones a brave and intelligent officer, and his feelings have become so opposed to General Stuart that i have lost all hope of his being useful in the cavalry here. He tendered his resignation befor the expedition to Pennsylvania, which I withheld. He has been subsequently tried by court-martial for disrespect and the proceedings are now in Rich-

