
mond. I understand he says he will no longer serve under Stuart, and I do not think it would be advatageous for him to do so, but I wish to make him useful. I can replace him by Colonel Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, an excellent officer in the field, who is prompt, cool, and fearless, and has been twice wounded in this war. He resigned his position as cadet at the U. S. Military Academy, just before the period of his graduation. When the war commenced, served first in the artillery, with some distinction, and subsequently was transferred to the cavalry. As soon as the proceedings of the court are published, I shall be obliged to relieve Jones from the command of his brigade, which, in fact, has been without its commander ever since the army crossed the Potomac.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

October 5, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Please send the North Carolina cavalry regiment at once.

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTILLERY COR[S, A. N. VA., Numbers -. October 5, 1863.

Captain Lamkin, commanding Nelson Artillery, having reported for assignment under orders from general headquarters, is hereby assigned to the battalion now commanded by Major Haskell. He will proceed as soon as practicable to the camp of said battalion, a short distance beyond Gordonsville on the Charlottesville road, and reported for duty to Major Haskell.

W. N. PENDLETON,Brigadier-General, and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Petersburg, October 5, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: General Whiting telegraphed me this morning that he wanted the Forty-seventh North Carolina Regiment. I immediately sent word to General Martin to order it to report to Whiting; he replies there is no such regiment there, but the Forty-second is, and the only one at that point. Just at the same time I received a dispatch from Captain Leitch, who tells me wish a brigade gotten in readiness to relieve Martin at Kinston. I have ordered Barton's brigade to be ready to move to-morrow and the quartermaster to furnish transportation by rail. The wagons had better be sent by road, I suppose, and at once; or will they take the transportation which Martin will leabe behind? In consequence of the intended movement Martin's brigade, I did not repeat the order for a regi-

