
ment to go to Whiting. Have you any further instructions relative to this case? I inclose telegram from Weldon just received from my aide-de-camp whom I sent to General Ransom this morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

WELDON,

October 5, 1863.

Major-General PICKETT:

General Ransom had received the information some time before Colonel hinton, who received it merely through him. He considers it by no means reliable and certainly not at all probable that they will make that their main attack. It will be on Weldon, which he would leave uncovered by moving; therefore he will not go. I will return on the night train and give you the particulars. If you wish anything further, telegraph at once. Telegraph anyway.

E. R. BAIRD,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,October 5, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: Major Morfit, transporation agent at this place, informs me that 4 o'clock to-morrow evening is the earliest moment at which he can furnish transportation for the brigade. They can all go at that time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. P. [PICKETT.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, October 5, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have just learned from General Barton that a telegram arrived last night from General Longstreet, calling for my division. It is proper that I should state to you before any movement is amde the condition of the command. There have been some few constripts assigned to us since our arrival in this neighborhood, say, 100. At this time there are 2 officers, 1 non-commissioned officer, and 3 privates absent on recruiting service from each regiment, making 40 officers and 80 privates. The plan of reorganizing this shattered division is in fact but just commenced. The steps I have taken to gather up the numbers of men on detailed service in and about Richmond are in progress, but should we move now it will be with ranks not recruited, and in fact in no better condition than upon our arrival. The object for which w were left here not been carried out. In time I will be able to get the division together and in fighting trim it most emphatically is not so now. And until the ranks are filled up and some more officers come back to us by exchange,

