
and opportunity is given to those promoted to learn some little of their duties, it will not be the crack division it was, and I decidedly would not like to go into action with it. If more troops are needed in the southwest and we go, it is plain other troops must be sent here to replace us. Why not let this division remain till it is fit for service? I think, general, the final benefit to the service would be increased bu this arrangement. It was the intention when we were put in our present position, and the circumstances are not altered. I am informed by the Conscript Bureau that I will have some two hundred and odd men assigned to me within a month. These men are to be returned from Jones and Imboden.

By last field return I have 329 officers and 4,007 rank and file effective in the division. Aggregate present and absent, 11,344.

I send this over to you by a staff officer, Captain Leitch, and will come over this evening by train in case you might wish to see me.

I am, general, in haste, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, Va., October 5, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. Whiting,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: The President has directed that obstructions be placed in the Roanoke River, and Lieutenant F. L. Hoge, C. S. Navy, has been detailed by the Secretary of the Navy for that service. You are requested to furnish such assistance and protection as may be needed and can be spared, and, also, such material and transportation as can be conveniently supplied from your department. Lieutenant Hoge will receive all the aid that can be given by the Engineer and other Bureaus here.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND,

October 6, 1863.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Petersburg, Va.:

Order Barton's brigade to Kinston to relieve Martin's, and direct General Martin to proceed with his brigade to Wilmington and report to General Whiting. Both brigades now being in your department, your orders will be sufficient.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, October 6, 1863.

General PICKETT, Petersburg, Va.:

Order Seventh Confederate Cavalry Regiment, late Claiborne's, to repair to Orange Court-House, Va., and report to General Lee.

S. COOPER.

