
gence that the enemy are preparing to attack you by land with forces drawn in whole or in part from Charleston, to make requisition for the return of Cligman's brigade.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

P. S.- Orders have likewise been given to General Pickett, by which General Martin's brigade will be at once placed in wilmington or its vicinity as a present re-enforcement.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., October 8, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: i have the honor to state I have ordered 200 cavalry from Colonel Griffin's regiment, headquarters Franklin, to North Carolina, as far as possible to relieve Claiborne's regiment. You will have perceived that General Whiting declined sending the three companies of Claiborne's cavalry which are in his district. I have sent a courier to Lieutenant-Colonel Waddell, commanding Baker's cavalry, to close in to the right and cover the ground formerly occupied by the 200 cavalry withdrawn and sent to North Carolina. I sent down by railroad to-day, to ivor, the Seventeenth Virginia, Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert commanding. The Ninth Virginia, the regiment forst ordered to that point, I, of course, sent off with its brigade (Barton's). Colonel Herbert is a most efficient officer, and I shall feel more confidence in the conduct of affairs on the Blackwater aftfer his arrival. I also thought of sending down a battery in a day or two. I think an expedition might possibly be made with effect toward Suffolk; I shall not make one, however, till I find out something more. The Seventeenth can occupy the points left vacant by Baker's cavalry.

I inclose you telegrams received from General Barton and my reply.

Lieutenant Hawes E. marshall is here under arrest. I was directed by telegram that his case would be brought before the military court in Richmond. Do you wish him sent over at once, with the witnesses, or will the court notify me when they wish him brought before them?

I shall be happy to receive any instructions or suggestions, and to know whether the distribution of troops made by me meets with your approbation.

Do you think more cavalry ought to be taken from the Blackwater and sent to North Carolina?

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

OCTOBER 8, 1863.

Major C. PICKETT,

It will be impracticable for me to picket the line as at present established with the force I have. That part from Hamilton to Green-

