
RICHMOND,

October 9, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Orange Court-House:

GENERAL: The proceedings, findings, and sentence in the case of Brigadier General W. E. Jones have been received and duly approved. The usual general ordered in such cases will be forwarded you as soon as it can be prepared, and in the meantime special orders will be sent directing that officer to report for duty to Major General Samuel Jones. The President approves your suggestion with respect to Colonel Rosser.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

P. S.- Colonel Rosser will be immediately appointed brigadier-general for cavalry service in your command.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 240. Richmond, October 9, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XXIV. Brigadier General W. E. Jones will proceed to Dublin Depot, Va., and report for duty to Major General Sam. Jones for assignment to the cavalry in his command.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

October 9, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I presume from the fact that Colonel Spear is transferring his cavalry to the Peninsula that he designs making a raid in that quarter. I think you had better draw your troops from the south side to meet them. As far as I can judge, there is no force of consequence south of James River; you have better means of information, however.

My scouts on the potomac report that on the 2nd two small steamers with troops passed up the river, and on the 5th, four, one a large one, also laden with troops. This shows that the enemy is still re-enforcing General Meade, and the troops referred to doubtless came from the direction of Fort Monroe.

I do not therefore attach any importance to the report to troops in large force at Norfolk or Portsmouth. Unless your information is positive on the subject, a small force might be let to guard our lines south of James River, and the rest removed to meet the anticipated raid. It is impossible for me to spare any cavalry from this army at present.

