
I would hesitate to lay such information before the general if it were not from the tested authority from which it is gleaned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., August 20, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

(Received 9. 50 a. m., 21st.)

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,Chief of Staff:

The report to-day received from pickets in front of Rappahannock Station indicates no change in enemy's line. I have sent for information to be sent to you as well as myself immediately.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 78. August 20, 1863.

The following regulations respecting passes and the transportation of supplies other than public stores have been approved by the Secretary of War, and are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

1. Passes of leave this army, to be given by the provost-marshal-general, or by his authority. Said passes will authorize the return of the parties, but will not include transportation for property beyond necessary personal baggage.

2. All orders for transportation of property must be given by the quartermaster's department.

3. Supplies for officers may be procured by sending an agent, with a list of the articles to be obtained, signed by a general officer, and approved by the provost-marshal-general, or by his authority.

4. Sulters and their property to be entirely excluded from transportation by rail for the present.

5. News boys will not be permitted to travel on trains, but packages of papers may be sent to local agents, under charge of a baggage-master, for sale or distribution.

6. No passes to civilians to visit the Army of the Potomac, shall be given, except by the Adjutant-General of the Army and the general in command of the Army of the Potomac.

7. The principal depot quartermasters at Washington, Alexandria, and at other depots upon the line of the road can pass officers and agents of other departments, traveling on necessary public business, who can procure orders for transportation from them.

8. All orders for cars must be sent to the superintendent of the military railroad, through the proper officers of the quartermaster's department in charge of depots.

9. No officers other than those herein specified will be permitted to give passes beyond the limits of their commands.

10. All boxes or packages sent to, or marked with the name of, any officer shall be accompanied with an accurate list of contents, and shall be placed in custody of the provost-marshal at the place of

