
report to Colonel Cabell, and be subject to his command until further orders.

Major Haskell will with his battalion move forward toward Liberty Mills, and act under verbal orders which he will receive.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Dublin, October 9, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I received to-day your letter of the 7th instant. There is no such body of men as Dunn's battalion at or near the salt-works. Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Dunn, of the Sixty-third Virginia Regiment, attempted to raise a battalion under authority which he said was given him by Brigadier-General Williams. I have stopped him and ordered him to his regiment, and ordered all the men and officers purporting to belong to that unauthorized battalion to be arrested and turned over to the conscripts officers.

The Captain Pasley whom you mention belongs to Colonel Peters' regiment. That organization has given me and others great trouble, and i have no doubt whatever that there are many deserters in it. Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, of your staff, visited my camp a few weeks since, by your order, to reclaim deserters who were supposed to be in that regiment, and I gave him all the aid he asked to enable him to carry out his instructions. I cannot tell now, nor do I think Colonel Peters can, what men in his regiment are and what are not deserters. I will, however, if you desire it, order the regiment to report to you. In your army perhaps the deserters may be recognized and reclaimed.

Please let me know your wishes on my suggestions.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE,

October 9, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin Depot:

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday; Hill's corps was moving and passed, going to the front and left of this place.

This morning early, Ewell's corps passed, or at least two divisions. General Lee moves to-day. General Early's division will, I think, bring up the rear. I think I shall be able to get my troops here. Cooke's brigade has already arrived.

It is supposed the enemy has fallen back to Culpeper Court-House, and perhaps beyond that place. A deserter reported yesterday that only a small body was in that town. I am sorry to find General Lee quite unwell from an attack of rheumatism. He expressed great interest in getting supplies from Tennessee and kentucky. Any horses you can have sent to him will be more than acceptable.

I shall go down to-day. If a fight comes off I can hardly be in it.

