
Everything indicates rapidity of motion, and if the enemy is going to his intrenchments about Washington, there is not time to lose. every one says the army is in fine condition. What I have seen appears to be. They are mobile and prompt.

When I reach Richmond I will write again. Regards to your staff.

Very truly,

R. RANSOM, JR.

DUBLIN, October 9, [1863.]

Colonel B. H. JONES,

Sixtieth Virginia Regiment:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you moveyour regiment to the Narrows at once; permit as little delay as is practicable at this point.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,October 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The report of a scout received on 10th instant (to-day) states that General Gillmore has been ordered to take Charleston at all hazards, and failing in this, to make a flank movement and endeavor to seize upon Branchville. The latter does not look like a probable movement, but I send you the statement, as it may indicate some movement against Charleston by the enemy. General Stuart attacked a body of the enemy near James City and drove them back, capturing 125 prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Dublin, October 10, 1863.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The troops under my command are so greatly in need of clothing that I have directed Major Brown, post quartermaster at this place, to go to Richmond himself to procure as full a supply as he can.

I know from personal inspection that the clothing is necessary, chiefly pants and shoes. I have seen large numbers of men in the ranks and marching to meet the enemy without shoes, and many others have been excused from certain duty because they were, as I was assured, so destitute of clothing that they could not with decency appear on duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

