
DUBLIN,

October 11, 1863.

Brigadier General G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Glade Spring:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs you to assume command of all the troops between Saltville and the Tennessee line and be prepared for the defense of the salt-works. Captain J. G. Martin, at Abingdon, can give you the necessary information in regard to the detached companies, &c. It is reported that the enemy is interposed between General Williams and yourself.

Should you and he be compelled to unite your forces, he will, of course, be in command as the ranking officer. If communication between this point and Glade Spring should be interrupted, you must of course act promptly on your own judgment.

Have your troops well in hand and secure the earliest and most reliable information.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND,

October 12, 1863.

General R. E. Lee,

Commanding Army of Northern Va., Orange C. H., Va.:

GENERAL: I am in the receipt of your recent letter in which, after stating that your army is much in want of shoes for men and horses, and blankets for the former, you request that all that can be furnished may be placed at the disposal of your chief quartermaster, and also that you may be informed what provisions can be made to meet your wants.

It was not my fortune to see Lieutenant-Colonel Corley while he was here. You have no doubt heard from him of the limited supplies on hand at this point. Such as were here were placed at his disposal, and I immediately telegraphed to distant points to secure the number of shoes - some 8,000 - required by Colonel Corley's report, to provide for the barefooted men of your command. Some 2,000 piars of shoes have been forwarded by Lieutenant-Colonel Cone, direct from his depot here; 1,299 pairs, also, received from Columbus, GA. I regretted very much to learn on Saturday that Major C. D. Hill, established at this point by Colonel Corley himself, had on hand, at the date of that officer's visit and call for supplies, over 3,000 pairs of shoes which were entirely overlooked. I have directed that these too be sent up immediately. In this way nearly 10,000 pairs will be supplied, which is a little in excess of the very pressing demand; and others will be added so soon as they can be provided through our home resources or from foreign arrivals. There are some 15,000 overcoats on hand here, and a fair supply of clothing at this and other depots; but blankets are extremely scarce. About 4,000 have been issued to your troops within the past month, leaving in the depot here only 1,500, which, with 12,000 at Atlanta, Ga., for which the commands in that section of the country are clamorous, constitute the entire supply; and unfortunately our domestic resources in this particular are very limited. All the

