
HEADQUARTERS,
Wilmington, October 13, 1863.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: The President informed me in a personal interview in passing through here that he thought I might have some marines and artillerists spared from the forts on James River, and directed me to apply to you in the matter. On account of the increased extent of the works here since General French had charge, and the fact that the artillery (heavy) force had not since been increased, I need very much a re-enforcement of experienced artillerists. If, therefore, in accordance with the President's suggestion, I can get from Mr. Mallory some marines, and from the army some artillerists, will you place to make the necessary application in the first case and the order in the second.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 13, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND:

Brigadier General Echols reports that persons who have just come from the Kanawha inform him that nearly all the cavalry force of the enemy in that section have gone below Charleston. Our troops in East Tennessee have been pressed very hard, and forced to rtire to Zollicoffer.

It is supposed that the cavalry of thenenemy have been sent from the Kanawha to east Tennessee, or else so disposed as to make an advance by way of the Sandy. The commanding general, theredore, desires you to send forward reliable scouts without delay, and obtain such information as you can, and report at once to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 14, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, &amp;c., Princeton:

COLONEL: I am directed to inform you that Brigadier General John Echols has been ordered forward to make a demonstration against the enemy in his front, for the purpose of distacting their attention and preventing the detaching of troops to re-enforce their armies at other points against which we are moving. Should he have the opportunity, he have the opportunity, he will convert this feint into a real blow. The enemy are reported at Bowyer's Ferry, constructing boats, &c. If General Echols can do so, he will probably attack this force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

