
Pennsylvanie elections. I will forward as soon as received. I keep General Pickett fully posted.

It is evident to me that Foster designs making some move on North Carolina, perhaps to try his same old route of November last. The raids will certainly take place, and their object is to cut off our southern communications by tapping the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. The force left about Norfolk and Portsmouth is very insignificant, mostly negroes.

Your obedient servant,

J. F. MILLIGAN,

Major, Commanding Independent Signal Corps.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 256. October 15, 1863.

I. Brigadier General Thomas L. Rosser, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Major General J. E. B. Stuart, commanding cavalry, for assignment to the command of the brigade formerly commanded by Brigadier General W. E. Jones.

II. Brigadier General P. M. B. Young, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Major General J. E. B. Staurt, commanding cavalry, for assignment to the command of Butler's brigade.

* * * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 15, 1863.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Petersburg, Va.:

Send a brigade of infantry of your immediate command forthwith to Dublin, Va., to report to Major General Samuel Jones. It is required there with the least possible delay.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

PETERSBURG,

October 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Your dispatch in reference to sending brigade of infantry to Dublin is received. I have ordered General Corse, with three regiments, numbering 1,200 men, all that I have. The following dispatch was received last night from Ivor:

My scouts returned from the Peninsula last night report as follows: All the troops have left the Peninsula except a small force at Yorktown; the general impression is that Foster has gone with his expedition to New Berne, N. C. The troops that left Norfolk and Portsmouth on Saturday did not stop at Old Point, but went to New Berne; this accounts for Foster's light-draught fleet, and his intention no doubt is to make a raid up some of the shallow streams running into the Sound.

MILLIGAN,

Major.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

