HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., October 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Your telegram in reference to sending a brigade of infantry to report to General sam. Jones at Dublin has been received. I have accordingly ordered off General Corse with three regiments, all the infantry I have here, about 1,200 aggregate. I have directed Corse to take only his cooking untensils and tre day's rations, as your objects seems to be celerity of action.

I have the honor, general, to call your attention to the reported movements of Foster to New Berne, N. C. This threatening attitude, if not already developed, we have good reason to believe may in a day or two.

Under the existing circumstances, I respectfully request that General Corse may be sent back to me as soon as possible, as, should an emergency occur, I have not a man to re-enforce with.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

[P. S.]- The troops will take the train at 4 p. m. this evening. A dispatch received late last night from Blackwater says two batteries and some infantry recently arrived at Suffolk. An extra published in Norfolk says a flag of truce, with 350,mostly women and children, will be in Suffolk to-day. What these poor destitute creatures are to do for food or transportation I do not know. The proximity of the enemy forbids any assistance being sent them, even were it in the country. Is our Government aware of the fact?

PETERSBURG,

October 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The following telegram just received from General Barton, at Kinston:

It seems probable that a movement will be made against this point soon, the gunboat being the attraction. The expedition I learn is waiting for re-enforcements.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

DUBLIN,

October 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,

Lewisburg, via Union:

Recall your infantry to Lewisburg without delay. The enemy is pressing us on the west, in very heavy force. Was at Bristol last night. Keep your scouts well out, and your men ready for any move.

C. S. S. [STRINGFELLOW.]

