
destination, to be delivered to the consignee upon satisfactory evidence that the packages contain necessary supplies for his individual use,and contain nothing else.

11. All persons seeking transportation on any railroad from Alexandria shall present their passes for examination at the office of the superintendent in that city.

12. Provost guards at Washington, Alexandria, and other stations will see that the foregoing orders are executed.

13. Train guards, for the protection of each train and to preserve order and keep off stragglers, will be furnished by commanders of troops nearest the points of departure on requisition of superintendent of road.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 79. August 20, 1863.

The following rules, approved by the Secretary of War, will govern the introduction of sutlers' goods into this army:

1. A regiment of cavalry will leave Warrenton Junction on Thursday of each week, at 9 a. m., for Washington or its vicinity, to return on the following Monday at the same hour, for the purpose of protecting such sutlers' goods as may be rightfully brought to this army.

2. Any sutler desiring to avail himself of the privileges herein afforded will furnish the provost-marshal-general with an invoice of the goods he wishes to procure and the number of wagons necessary to transport them. Said invoice, if in accordance with regulations, and if approved by said officer, shall, when presented

to the commanding officer of said escort, be sufficient authority for said sutler to join the train with the number of wagons specified. On arriving at the point of destination, the same invoice shall be submitted to the Quartermaster-General of the Army, for permission to load and remove the goods entered therein, from the city, and, with such permission, shall entitle the owner to the protection of the escort on his return.

3. Sutlers' agents will be permitted to represent their employers on presenting their certificates of office, accompanied by written evidence of agency. No certificate will hereafter be issued except the sutler elected under the law be a citizen of the United States.

4. On and after the publication of this order, should any sutler attempt to transport property to Washington, or goods from Washington to this army, in any order mode than is herein prescribed, said property and goods shall be seized held subject to confiscation.

5. Due notice will be given of any change in the time or place of departure of the escort, both of which must depend upon the movements of the army.

6. The commander of the Cavalry Corps will from time to time furnish the cavalry escort herein provided for.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

