HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 15, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding Fourth Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to urge upon you the importance of obtaining the earliest information in regard to the force of the enemy in your front. If possible, learn whether any of Scammon's forces have been sent to the Sandy.

The enemy is pressing us hard at and near Bristol, with a very heavy force.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND,

October 16, 1863.

President DAVIS,

Meridian, Miss.:

No decisive events in Virginia since you left. General Lee has moved, crossing the river and turning Meade's right flank. There have been several sharp cavalry fights with success to our arms, and the capture of about 700 prisoners. More prisoners are being sent in daily. General Lee, however, fears, Meade will elude him by a retreat to his strongholds in and near Washington. Heavy rains now prevailing will probably impede General Lee's movements. In East Tennessee the enemy are reported advancing, with superior force, from Bristol toward Abington, to which place General Williams has retired. General Jones is collecting his forces to concentrate at that point. On his call, have returned Corse's brigade to him. Reports, probable but not wholly reliable, indicate concentration of the enemy undr Foster for a raid somewhere in eastern part of North Carolina. Plans of enemy yet undeveloped. Force in Peninsula reported very small. Nothing of special interest in this city.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

PETERSBURG,

October 16, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Following telegram just received from General Ransom:

My scouts report the enemy in heavy force at Elizabeth City and Perquimans Coutny. The scouts' estimate is 10,000, but this must be excessive. The same reports say they have 12 gunboats and 10 transports. General Barton informs me that he excepts and advance on Kinston. The enemy, if he intends anything, must design a feint here and advance on Kinston, or vice versa. I will let you know in in time.

I suppose General Whiting is instructed to assist me in case of necessity.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

