
RICHMOND, October 16, 1863.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Petersburg, Va.:

Proceed immediately to Goldsborough, N. C., and assume command of forces within your department, leaving at Petersburg a competent staff officer to attend to affairs of your habitual headquarters. You will use your best efforts below to repel advance of the enemy. General Whiting is telegraphed to re-enforce you, on your requisition to him, to the extent of his means.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

TICHMOND, October 16, 1863.

Major-General WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

General pickett is ordered to Goldsborough to repel advances of the enemy, threatening Weldon and Kinston in force. Furnish him such aid in troops on his requisition as extent of your means will permit.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

OCTOBER 16, 1863.

General BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

Following dispatch received:

Following dispatch just received from General Ransom: "My scouts report the enemy in heavy force at Elizabeth City and in perquimans County. The scouts' estimate is 10,000, but this must be excessive. The same report says they have 12 gunboats and 10 trabsports. General Barton informs me that he expects an advance on Kinston. The enemy, if he intends, must design a feint here and advance on Kinston, or vice versa. I will let you know in time."

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

This may be concentrated plan with Gillmore. Please give me earliest possible information of any change in enemy's disposition against you. Foster is in command of enemy's force. Pickett ordered to Goldsborough to protect Kinston and Weldon. I am directed to aid if possible.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directed me yesterday to telegraph you to draw your infantry back to Lewisburg without delay. This order, I presume, was duly received.

The Sixtieth [Virginia] Regiment will leave for Abingdon this evening. The Eighth Virginia Cavalry and Thirty-seventh [Virginia] Battalion should be already on the march.

