
delay. Burnside in command at Bristol, but information very meager. General Williams has been skirmishing every day since the 8th instant, but steadily driven back.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 18, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Abingdon:

Colonel McCausland's scouts report enemy's cavalry in Kanawha gone to Tennessee. One regiment from Fayetteville gone below Charleston. Twelfth and Ninety-first Ohio at Fayette Court-House. Fifth [West] Virginia Infantry from Gauley, and Twenty-third Ohio from Charleston, gone to Tennessee, and report is they are destined for Chattanooga. Scammon has gone to Washington, and Duffie is in command. McCausland thinks Scammon has gone to Rosecrans, with his cavalry, two regiments of infantry, and one battery, leaving Duffie with two regiments at Fayetteville, one at Charleston, and one scattere, with one battery. I think if you were here a good move on Gauley and Charleston could be made. May not the enemy have pushed forces to Rosecrans and made this move on Williams to cover them?

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KINSTON,

October 18, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

New Berne was re-enforced by from 1,000 to 2,000 men, 13th. Steamers left New Berne on the 13th with re-enforcements, excepting one regiment, and with a part of the original garrison; the avowed destination Fort Monroe, the citizens thought for Weldon. Five more regiments were under marching orders for Fort Monroe, to leave on the 15th. General Ransom reported all quiet this morning.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH,

October 18, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Reliable information just received by General Barton's scouts as follows: The enemy were re-enforced at New Berne on the evening of the 11th, by one regiment of infantry and seven companies of cavalry, the latter supposed to be constripts. On the 11th, Heckman's brigade, consisting of four regiments, left the vicinity of New Berne, by steamer from Beaufort; destination said to be Portsmouth or Fort Monroe. Do not apprehand any movement toward kinston.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

