
pickets at Catlett's, in order to give the working parties and wagons notice of any advance of the enemy's cavalry, and to cover their movements as much as possible. Be sure, also, to send back, at once, any stragglers from the infantry whom you may find in the country orth of the Rappahannock.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

DUBLIN,

October 19, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Abingdon:

Colonel Jackson dispatches General Echols that Averell is about to move in connection with Scammon. Says Averell has 4,000 men. One regiment already moving to Cheat Pass; Staunton or Lewisburg his destination. As Scammon co-operates, I think it must be the latter place. Send me your orders immediately.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.- Send above to Colonel McCausland, excepting the last sentence. Substitute, "Be on the alert to guard against surprise, and try to guard the Narrows." Send the earliest information.

DUBLIN,

October 19, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Dispatch just received from General Echols. He says that Colonel W. L. Jackson reports that General Averell about to move from Beverly, with 5,000 men; one regiment already moving to Cheat Pass. He co-operate, it is supposed, with Scammon; their destination is Staunton or Lewisburg. Have forwarded this to General Jones at Abington, but deem it right yo inform you immediately.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 19, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,

Lewisburg, via Union:

Have sent your dispatch to General Jones. If the enemy advances on you, make the best defense you can. Have forward copy of your telegram to Colonel McCausland. Communicate with him fully. Will try to get re-enforcements for you, but if compelled to fall back, protect this line of railroad. If cut, of the effect will be disastrous to our troops at Abingdon.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

