HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Abingdon, Va., October 20, 1863.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dublin:

Direct General Echols to disregard Scammon; unite his command with Colonel W. L. Jackson, and devote his entire attention to General Averell. If they can concentrate at Jackson's old camp near Huntersville, it will be the best position. It is probably too late for that. Callaghan's is the next best place to concentrate. it is impossible to give minute directions for meeting the raid when it is not know at what point it aims. Echols and Jackson combined ought to whip Averell.

If the force in the Kanawha Valley is as small as McCausland represents, we have not much to fear from that quarter. Direct McCausland to be on the alert, and employ the Seventh Cavalry to watch the enemy on this side of New River. They may make a demonstration on Monroe by way of pack's Ferry. If so, McCausland can, I think, move by Shanklin's Ferry in time to stop them.

Warn commanders of home guards of Averell's move, that they may be ready, but not turn out until called. Keep me fully advised. If Averell aims at the railroad, I will send part of the force from here.

Colonel Witcher had a spirited skirmish yesterday 2 miles south of Zollicofer, with enemy's rear guard. Captured 43, and left 18 killed an wounded on the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Bottles the only one on our side killed.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 20, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS, Lewisburg:

Northing from you since last night. The major-general commanding directs that of Averell advances, Colonel Jackson shall join his forces with yours. He thinks the best point to concentrate is at Colonel Jackson's old camp, near Huntersville. If too late for that, unite at Callaghan's. Colonel McCausland is directed to watch Scammon. You and Colonel Jackson and ferguson must turn your attention entirely to General Averell. I have the home guards notified of this move, and will call them out if necessary.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, October 20, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND, Princeton:

The general commanding desires you to hold your command ready to move as circumstances may require, at shortest notice. Do not let the Seventeenth [Virginia] Cavalry go any farther west. Have you any information corroboration General Echols' dispatch?

By order:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

