
HARPERS' FERRY, W. VA., August 20, 1863-1. 25 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

A gentleman of the highest respectability and reliability has ridden into town to report information just received from Fredericksburg by two men from that place, one a Unionist, the other a secessionist. These men agree in reporting Lee's army very much disorganized; has received no re-enforcements; has lost largely by desertion, and that he will not make a stand this side of Richmond, and is even now preparing to retreat. This is his object in maneuvering to his right, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Numbers 11. August 20, 1863.

The district of country including the counties of Berks, Schuylkill, Lehigh, Northampton, Carbon, Monroe, Luzerne, and Columbia is placed under the command of Major General F. Sigel; headquarters at Reading.

By command of Major General D. N. Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Norfolk, Va., August 20, 1863.

Captain F. A. ROWE,Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers:

You will continue in command of the army gunboat West End, and your especial duties will be to carry out special orders of August 1, inclosed. * You will destroy or seize all boats upon the Western Branch, prevent any and all persons from passing the same. Any refugees or deserters or contrabands that may come to you, you will bring to headquarters, advising the first named that under no circumstances will they be permitted to recross the line, and that they will be sent to Baltimore or farther north.

Report in person once a week at these headquarters and as much oftener as you may deem necessary to convey information. A gunboat will co-operate with you, and prevent all boats from approaching or leaving the shore from the mouth of Western Branch to Pig Point. Allow no person to pass the creek. Any pass granted by your vessel and boats as to effectually prevent the entrance or crossing of the Western Branch either by day or night.

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 58.

---------------

