
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, October 27, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: Information has been received by me that the loss of both the Hebe and the Venus might have been prevented by the possession at Fort Fisher, or on the beachnear, of one or two more gunsof long range. I would be pleased to learn if this be so, and the character and number of guns required, and whether, in your judgment, their possession would add materially to the security of vessels running the blockade.

Respectfully,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, October 28, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

General Lee has again urged sending him the Eighth and Fourteenth Virginia Cavalry. Can they be spared from your command? If so, send them.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Dublin, October 28, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

I cannot spare either the Eighth or Fourteenth Regiment of Cavalry, or any other troops. The Eighth is on the border of Virginia and Tennessee and the Fourteenth in front of Lewisburg, and are greatly needed where they are. If I must send General Lee a portion of my cavalry, I beg that I may be allowed to retain these two regiments, which are my best and largest.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, Va., October 28, 1863.

Brigadier General ROBERT F. HOKE:

GENERAL: Governor Vance telegraphs me that the enemy are advancing from Tennessee into Western North Carolina in such force that he fears General Vance, with the home guards, will be unable to resist them, and asks that one of your regiments be sent to his assistance. I would be pleased, if the instructions given you by General Lee will allow, and if more pressing claims upon your attention do not exist, to have your co-operation with the Governor in repressing such disorders by moving a force toward the point indicated.

Respectfully,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

