
PETERSBURG,

November 3, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The following dispatch just received:

Major E. Burrounghs, of guerrillas, reports enemy crossing the Sound to Elizabeth City in force-infantry, artillery, and cavalry; marching from thence to Float Bridge and crossin into Camden County, on supposed route to Norfolk. Float Bridge is on the Paquotank River. All quiet in my front. Enemy's cavalry 4 miles below Suffolk, about 200 strong. Some armed negores 1 mile below them.

The above is from Franklin, and signed "Joel R. Griffin, colonel, commanding."

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, November 3, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Captain McKinney, the chief commissary here, has received an order from the Commissary-General to issue only one-third ofa pound of meat to negroe laborers. The labor here is very severe and exhausting, the more so that I am but scantily supplies with negroes. It is, however, absolutely necessary to us and very pressing. It is with great difficulty I can procure sufficient force or retain it at all unless I can feed them. I beg you will cause this order tobe rescinded, to allow one-half pound.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 3, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

I owe you an apology for having allowed your letter of the 26th ultimo, handed me some days since, respecting the effort made to enlist troops east of the Chowan River, amid the press of other matters, to escape my attention. I understand the embarrassments presented by the condition of the people in the counties east of the Chowan, for similar ones have been experienced in various districts of this State, which, without being in the actual occupancy of the enemy, are at all times open to their control. It is an embarrassing question in such cases to determine whether to exercise any authoirty over those districts, and by exacting from the people manifestations of the loalty which fully possesses the very great majority, expose them and their property to the insolence and ravages of the enemy, or to have them in apparent subjection to await the events of the war.

I am inclined to think your judgment suggests the best practicable course, which is to draw forth, as far as possible, the younger and more disconnectedmen for service, and such means and productions as can be conveniently obtained, but to leave heads of families undistrubed, and such supplies as are necessary for the comfortable

