
eral Stuart to know why these two regiments were especially desired, he states that it is because he believes that these are the only two regiments in that command which were not raised under some implied promise to serve in a certain locality. In addition to the great want of cavalry in this army to oppose the greatly superior numbers of the enemy in that arm of the service, I will urge, from my own experience and observation in the mountain country of Virginia, that it is a very poor region for the operations of cavalry, and that it was very difficult to forage there.

I do not know whether this is the case in Southwest Virginia, but I still think that General Jones has more cavalry than is needed or can be used in his department advantageously. The Department, however, is the best judge in the matter, but if it is left to the decision of each general whether he will spare any troops when they are needed elsewhere, our armies will be scattered instead of concentrated, and we will be at the mercy of the enemy at all points.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 4, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, with reference to punishment and deserters.

I think the course you have pursued with regard to the latter is the best; no terms should be made with them while they remain deserters. It would encourge others with hopes of a like immunity, but in fact the courts-martial invariably take into account in their decisions the voluntary return of a prisoner, and I have never known one who had so returned to be sentenced to death. I think this is the best way to extend indulgence to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 4, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: By inspection report of Hart's battery, it appears that there will be wanted, to mount the men now present for duty and for four guns and caissons, 62 horses. The wagons and forge must be supplied with mules, of which there are 19 with the battery, 1 having been condemned, and including 2 riding mules. As this company had no record of property, and no morning reports, it was impossible to ascertain how many horses it had, or what had become of them. All that cold be larned was what the orderly sergeant remembered. I suppose some of the horses must have been sent back to the horse infirmary, and desire to know how many you can procure from there to supplythe deficiency in this battery, as the quartermaster's department will not be able to furnish them all.

