
The condition of this battery is reported to be bad. I call your attention particularly to the necessity of having morning reports and a proper record, without which it is impossible to have proper responsibility in the command. The horses are said to be in wrose condition, and to show more evidences of want of attention than those of the other batteries. The guns have not been washed off recently, nor the harness greased, and a chain is substituted for a pole yoke in one of the guns. The grounds about the guns and caissons are badly policed.

It is due to Captain Hart to say that he has but recently returned to the battery.

Very respectfully, yourobedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 273. November 4, 1863.

I. Colonel J. C. C. Sanders, commanding brigade, is relieved from duty as a member of the general court-martial convened by Paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 195, current series, from these headquarters, and Colonel D. A. Weisiger, Twelfth Virginia Regiment, is detailed in his stead.

II. Brigadier General A. Iverson having been releived from duty with this army, Brigadier General L. A. Staffod is detailed in his stead as a member of the Board of Examiners convened by Paragraph XVIII, Special Orders, Numbers 222, current series, from these headquarters.

* * *

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,

Dublin, November 4, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Abingdon:

Colonel Jackson sent dispatch to General Echols that 1,000 of the enemy were yesterday evening at Green Bank, in Pocahontas. Jackson will fall back on Lewisburg, if pressed too hard.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRANDY,

November 5, 1863-10.30 [a. m.]

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Advance of enemy to Falmouth was to break up party removing iron. I wish a telegraphic operator placed at Hamilton's Crossing to communicate with me.

R. E. LEE.

