SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 274. November 5, 1863.

* * *

II. In accordance with the act of Congress (Numbers 26, approved 13th of October, 1862), as pusnihed in General Orders, Numbers 93, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, of 22nd of November, 1862, a Board of Examiners, to consist of Colonel E. J. Walker, Third Georgia Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Feild, Twelfth Virginia Regiment, and Major John P. Emrich, Eighth Alabama Regiment, will meet at the camp of Anderson's division on the 9th day of November, 1863, or as soon thereafter as practicable-

To examine into the cases of such officers of the division as may be brought to their attention, for the purpose of determining their qualifications for the discharge of the duties properly appertaining to their several positions, whether they are careless or inattentive in the discharge of the same, and their fitness for promotion to any existing vacancies in their respective commands.

The Board will be sworn, will have power to summon witnesses, will keep a record of its proceedings, will give on opinion in each case, and will be careful to conform to the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 50, of 29th of March, 1863, from these headquarters.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

November 6, 1863.

JOHN S. BARBOUR, Esq.,

Pres. Orange and Alexandria Railroad, Lynchburg Va.:

SIR: The enemy were in possession of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad as far as the Rapidan River, and by certain movements of this army, beginning on the 8th of October, they were driven beyond Bull Run. In their retreat, they destroyed the bridge over the Rappahannock and rendered the road useless to our army north of the river. For reasons of a military nature, I ordered the destruction of the road from Cub Run beyond Broad to the Rappahannock, which was accordingly done. The enemy advanced when we retired, and I learn have repaired the road to Warrenton Junction, and are continuing to repir it in the direction of Rappahannock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 6, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER,

Governor of Virginia:

GOVERNOR: At its late called session the legislature made an appropriation for the relief of the families of soldiers. I find that there is great suffering among the people in this region for want of the necessaries of life. The farms and gardens have been robbed, stock and hogs killed, and these outrages committed, I am sorry to say, by our own army to some extent, as well as by the Federals. I hear

