HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, November 8, 1863.

Colonel J. M. WADE, Christiansburg:

Take your entire force to Salt Pond Mountain immediately, to meet General Echols at this place.

By order of, &amp;c.:

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LYNCHBURG, November 8, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The militia have turned out so badly-only 40-that I have organized, under convalescent Confederate officers, 300 convalescent soldiers who would not to be returned to duty within a week, and, if not otherwise ordered, will send them to-night to the aid of General Sam. Jones. The emergency seems to be very great.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Major-General.

WELDON, November 8, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Following dispatch just received from Murfreesborough:

Are there any demonstrations being made elsewhere:

I arrived here this morning at 3 o'clock; enemy are landing troops and lumber from three transports at Winton; four gunboats went up rive this morning. The gunboats at Reddick's Ferry yesterday have gone back. It is supposed the enemy are building pontoons at Winton; they have pontoon boats. Captain Duval, of my regiment, drove enemy's pickets into Winton yesterday; thinks they have small force, yet I do not think they will move across Potecasi Creek as before, but think they will take the plain road toward Weldon. The style of their preparations would indicate, I think, a raid or series of raids of some magnitude. I will keep you informed or movements. Enemy's landing at Winton may be for the purpose of establishing a permanent post for the purpose of cutting off from us large supplies of provisions, &c. The situation of Winton rather inclines me to this opinion. This would complete chain of posts on river and coast of North Carolina.

Respectfully,

JOEL. R. GRIFFIN,

Colonel.

Per W. A. HOPSON,

Adjutant.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Weldon, November 9, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state I forwarded by telegram last night the latest intelligence which has been received from Winton. I also asked whether there was anything in the way of a demonstration elsewhere. Not getting any reply, and conceiving it advisable to dislodge the enemy at once, I have sent off General Ransom this

