
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., November 10, 1863.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter asking me to rescind the order of the Commissary-General reducing the quantity of meat allowed negor laborers to one-third of a pound per day. I should most cheerfully comply with your request if the amunt of supplies at the command of the Department would allow, but the necessity of the case constrains me to sanction the order, reducing the ration.

Respectfully,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, NORTH CAROLINA,

Raleigh, November 10, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Lest it may not be known to you, I desire to say that the position in which the enemy have established themselves at Winton, on the Chowan River, in this State, will effectually cut us off from four or five million pounds of pork, which we expected toget from the counties east of that stream. It would be a terrible loss to the army and the State. If possible for General Pickett to drive them off and prevent their fortifying (which I learn they are doing), it ought by all means to be done. It will be positively ruinous for our troops to stand at Weldon and surrender all the rich country below. I beg your attention to this matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. B. VANCE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHER VIRGINIA,November 11, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the letter of General Sam. Jones referred to me by you, and at the samt eime a copy of a letter of Senator Henry.* I am very desirous to meet the views expressed in both these letters, and if I had the troops to spare would willingly send them to East Tennessee. At the present time, however, I cannot detach any from this army. Whether the troops, could penetrate Tennessee in the manner indicated by Mr. Henry, I am unable to decide, but at present the withdrawal of any part, and especially so large a part of this army as he speaks of, is impracticable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

*See Jones to Seddon, October 26.

---------------

