
DUBLIN, November 11, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN, Millborough:

That part of the enemy's force that did not go with General Averell left Lewisburg yesterday. The cavalry left went with Averell. The infantry returned through Pocahontas. The force from Kanawha what toward Kanawha. I am anxious to know something more of Averell's movements. Can you enlighten me?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 12, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Our scouts report the Orange and Alexandria Railroad finished as far as Bealeton. They report, moreover, that the road from Union Mills to that point is almost entirely stripped of troops, nearly all the road guards having been sent forward. Trains have lately passed up bringing artillery. Cavalry has passed up with led horses. The route from Bealeton to Kelly's Ford is almost as short as that from Brandy Station to the same point, and the above movements indicate, I think, an advance on the part of General Meade. There are indications also that this advance will take place on our right by lower fords, Germanna and Ely's, as if with the intention of striking for the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad. Shold he move in that direction, I will endeavor to follow him and bring him to battle, but I do not see how I can do it without the greates difficulty. The country through which he will have to pass is barren. We have no forage on hand and very little prospect of getting any from Richmond. I fear our horses will die in great numbers, and, in fact, I do not know how they will survive two or three days' march without food. I hope every effort will be made to send some up, and I think it would be well to stop the transportation of everything on the ralroad excepting army supplies.

One of the scouts brings an extravagant repore coming from an official in Washington, that the Union States Government is collecting a large number of horses-40,000-to mount a body of infantry for the purpose of making a raid on Richmond, with a view to the release of their prisoners. The rescue of these prisoners has been for some time a theme with the Northern papers. I think they should, for many reasons, be removed from that city as soon as practicable.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,November 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The condition of the Virginia Central Railroad, on which we depend almost entirely for our supplies, seems to become worse every day. Colonel Corley reports the frequent accidents of cars running

