
depredation, and made no advance excepting a very short distance into the country, when they were immediately driven back by Colonel Griffin's cavalry, Captain Bower's company. General Ransom whom I had sent down with two regiments, had returned to Weldon, the enemy having left before he arrived. About the same time, I had ordered Colonel Herbert from the Blackwater to the front, intending to make a diversion had the enemy intended anything in North Carolina. I inclose his report.* He captured some 7 prisoners, 1 wagon, and 8 horses.

Barton's brigade is now at this point, having been sent back from Weldon upon the receipt of instructions from Richmond.

The prisoners captured report 6,000 infantry in Portsmouth; this I consider doubtful.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 14, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Answer that he will do well, unless some move in North Carolina requires otherwise, to return a brigade to Petersburg. I see in Northern papes indications of a sudden dash on Richmond torelease the prisoners, &amp;c. It is well to be fully on guard about this, especially just now when we are removing them, and I wish that your scouts should be urged to special vigilance for early notice of any contemplated movement on the Peninsula, Lower James, or Blackwater.

J. A. S. [SEDDON,]

Secretary.

DUBLIN,

November 13, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to say that he has received information that the enemy have entirely abandoned Greenbrier and gone back to Beverly and Kanawha. He will not therefore for the present order the movementof Colonel McCausland, as contemplated when he saw you last.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Dublin, November 13, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, &c.:

The enemy is reported as moving in the direction of Kanawha, from Lewisburg, and said to be in great confusion. The major-gen-

---------------

*See riad on Suffolk, Va., Part I, p. 638.

---------------

