
eral commanding directs you to send out reliable scouts, and obtain as accurate information as you can in regard to their movements and present diposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, Va., November 14, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I owe youan apology for not sooner acknowledging the receipt of your letter calling my attention to the deficiency of the supplies, both of shoes for the soldiers and of forage for the animals of your command. I had been apprised only the day before its receipt of the falling off in the quantity of corn received by railroad transportation from the south, and had immediately sent an acive officer of the Quartermaster's Department on the southern line to dicover the causes of delay, and, if possible, remove them at once. I likewise instructed the Quartermaster-General to send forward whatever small supplies he could command from this city, or any other convenient depots in the State.

I trust relief will be afforded by these measures, and supplies in future will be more regular and abundant. The time is near at hand when we shall be less dependent than for months past we have been on the transportation of corn from such distant points as South Carolina and Georgia. The attention of the Quartermaster-General had been before, and was again on the receipt of your letter, called specially to the necessity of supplying your troops with shoes. He assures me every effort will be made, and mentions in excuse that some of the supplies sent by the railroad had not been forwarded as promptly as he expected. Directions have been given that such delays be not again allowed.

I have directed that if our supplies are too limited to allow due provision for all the armies, those serving in Northern Virginia and the mountainous districts should be preferred. Deficiency, if existing at all, is due to the unfortunate loss of two three steamers, which were laden mainly with quartermaster's stores.

This has compelled us to rely almost exclusively on internal manufacture.

Yours, with esteem,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No.-. November 14, 1863.

I. It is absolutely necessary that the forage in this department which is near enough to the railroad and canal for covenient transportation should be reserved for the use of this army. Officers in charge of animals sent back to be recruited or held in reserve, and those herding cattle for the use of this army, are forbidden to use this forage. They must avail themselves, as far as possible, of fodder

