
and conrnatalks, and must confien their stock to regions remote from the railroads and canal, and from which this army does not draw its supplies.

II. In the inspection of troops of this army, the inspector will be accompanied by the ordnance officer of the command inspected. In all inspections of transportation, he will be accompanied by the quartermaster in charge of the same.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S.,

Richmond, Va., November 16, 1863.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Commanding, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your report of the 12th instant has been received. You will do well, I think unless some movement of the enemy in North Carolina requires other disposition of your forces, to retain a brigade in Petersburg. I see in the Northern papers indications of a sudden dash on Richmond to release the prisoners confined here. It is well to be fully on guard about this, especially just now, when we are removing them to the interior; and I wish that your scouts should be urged to special vigilance, so as to give early notice of any contemplated movement on the Peninsula, the Lower James, or the Blackwater.

Respectfully,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, NORTH CAROLINA,

Raleigh, November 18, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I beg to inclose you my brother's letter, which will explain his situation better than I can. With about 300 troops and some militia, he is succeeding well in getting our pork from East Tennessee, and I would most respectfully urge the increase of his command if possible. A vast amount of provisions could thus be saved to the Government, which, I fear, will otherwise be lost.

Most respectfully, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Paint Rock, November 12, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR BROTHER: I have raided Cocke County and a part of Greene, pretty thoroughly, and brought out safely 800 hogs and some horses and cattle.

