
along the line of the railroad. The telegraph line is completed to these headquarters and awaits an operator. A scouting party from my command surprised a camp of guerrillas last night, numbering about 12 men. In the darkness they succeeded in escaping. We recaptured 1 man, 2 negroes, and 3 horses.

These guerrillas number about 50 men, including scouts, citizens, and soldiers. They have furnished accurate information of our movements to the enemy. One hundred men of my command are now in pursuit and must capture them. I shall arrest all citizens who assist these men or know of their whereabouts. I am compelled to do this to secure my telegraph line and communication. All is quiet along my line. The enemy's pickets and stragglers at Fredericksburg number upward of 1,000 men.

I forward four Richmond papers, of different dates, received from my pickets.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Third Division.

AUGUST 21, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Second Corps:

A scout who was captured by a guerrilla party on the road to Hartwood Church from Warrenton, and has just escaped, reports that there is a Lieutenant Embrey, whose mother lives near Morrisville, whose house is frequented by the officers of our army; that their conversations he overhears, and that the gets newspapers there that are left with his mother by our officers, and that a colonel, particularly, leaves newspapers there daily.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

HARTWOOD CHURCH, August 21, 1863.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff:

General Custer reports that a large body of troops have been moving since 3 p. m. in a southeasterly direction opposite Falmouth, and large trains are moving along the line of railroad south of Fredericksburg. A signal flag was seen 3 miles south of Fredericksburg at 5 p. m. to-day.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 82. August 21, 1863.

The duties of the chief of artillery of this army are both administrative and executive; he is responsible for the condition of all the artillery, wherever serving, respecting which he will keep the commanding general fully informed.

