
ber entitles us, under the law, to 3 brigadier-generals, 7 colonels, 11 lieutenant-colonels, and 17 majors. We now have on our rolls 2 brigadier-generals, 6 colonels, 6 lieutenant-colonels, and 17 majors, viz: W. N. Pendleton and A. L. Long, brigadier-generals; S. Crutchfield, J. B. Walton, J. T. Brown, H. C. Cabell, R. L. Walker, and E. P. Alexander, colonels; A. S. Cutts, R. S. Andrews, Thomas H. Carter, H. P. Jones, W. Nelson, and John J. Garnett, lieutenant-colonels; Charles Richardson, B. F. Eshleman, S. P. Hamilton, R. F. Beckhma, James Dearing, T. J. Page, jr., W. L. Pegram, D. G. McIntosh, W. T. Paugue, C. M. Braxton, R. A. Hardaway, J. B. Brockenbrough, John Lane, F. Huger, John Lane, F. Huger, John C. Haskell, J. P. W. Read, James Reilly, majors.

Of the colonels, Crutchfield is understood to be so far disabled for active field service, by the effects of a severe wound received at Chancellorsville, that it is due equally to the service and to himslef that he be assigned to some position better adapted to his physical condition. His emnent merit and services deserve reward. General Jackson desired him to be made brigadier-general of artillery and to continue in his post of chief of artillery for the Second Corps. This, by General Jackson's death and his own protacted disability, seems to be now precluded, but it is hoped a congenial and useful position may be assigned him in connection with the defense of Richmond, or with some other department of home defense.

Colonel Walton is also a meritorious officer for whom some other sphere of duty seems required, in justice to the service and to himself. His junior colonel, Alexander, is believed to be better adapted to promote the efficiency of the artillery with the Firs Corps as its chief, and he must therefore be recommended for promotion to that position. In this event, however, it is understood Colonel Walton prefers duty elsewhere, Mobile being mentioned as the locality most agreeable to him. It is hoped the interests of the service may admit of his being thus accommodated.

Colonel Cabell is another estimable officer whom it is best to transfer to another position. His worth as a gentleman, his patriotism as a citizen, and his gallantry as a sldier deserve honorable mention, but it is believed he could render better service in a command requiring less prompt activity than that he now holds. It is therefore respectfully recommended that he be trnasferred, by exchange with Lieutenant-Colonel Lightfoot, to command the battalion of field artillery at Richmond, now under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Lightfoot, and that the latter be assigned to the command of the battalion with this army of which Colonel Cabell has had charge.

Of the lieutenant-colonels, Adnrews, a most gallant and distinguished officer, ought, in duty to the cause and to himself, to be relieved from field exposure and employed in less trying service, tha he may recover from the threatening consequences of a dangerous wound received at Cedar Run, nearly eighteen months ago. he is admirably adapted to suefulness in the Ordnance Department, and it is hoped a position therein may be assigned him with an additional is hoped a position therein may be assigned him with an additional grade. Were it really proper for him to remain in the field, seniority and merit would together place himfirst on our ist of lieutenant-colonels for promotion.

Lieutenant-Colonel Garnett may with advantage to the service be relieved of his command and assigned to other duty. He has proved less efficient in the filed than was expected of so well trained and capable a soldier. It is believed he can be more useful on conscript

