
THIRD CORPS.

R. L. WALKER, Colonel, and Chief of Artillery.

Lieutenant-Colonel Pegram, Virginia.
Major McGraw, Maryland.............. Pegram's Battalion.

Lieutenant-Colonel McIntosh, South
Carolina.

Major Johnson, Virginia........... McIntosh's Battalion.

Lieutenant-Colonel Poague, Maryland.
Major Ward, Mississippi............. Poague's Battalion.

Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson,
Louisiana.

Major Maurin, Louisiana....... Richardson's Battalion.
Colonel Cutts, Georgia........
Major Lane, Georgia........... Cutt's Battalion....... Colonel Cutts, Georgia.

Lieutenant-Colonel Dearing,
Virginia.

Major Chew, Virginia...... With the cavalry.

Major Breathed, Virginia..
In this schedule will be noticed 2 colonels less and 1 lieutenant-colonel and 3 majors more than the literal legal ration, an exchange deemed allwable, as 2 colonels are on the numerical scale of the law more than equivalent to a lieutenant-colonel and 3 majors, and these are needed, as the schedule shows, for the best organization.

General Long wishes his battalion grouped as above under Colonels Carter and Brown.

I concur with him in deeming it a good arrangement, and have provided similarly for the two reserve battalions, First Corps, on this line, under Colonel Jones.

The best men are believed to be herein presented in each case; at the same tim the fairest distribution practicable is made of promotions in the corps, respectively, and among the several States. From the First Corps, including a brigadier-general, there are 7 promotions; from the Second, 8; from the Third, 9, and from the Horse Artillery, 4.

These promotions are much needed and it is beleived they will greatly benefit the artillery service; encouragement to this arm has not been, as it should be, commensurate with that in the others.

Even with the recommendations now submitted, the number of artillery field officers will be only about three-fourths of those belonging to three brigades of cavalry, or infantry having anything like the number of men, companies, &amp;c., constituting the artillery.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Artillery.

