
give material aid by sending a force east of the Blue Ridge to aid Major Mosby to break up the railroad north of the Rappahannock and interrupt its communications. Major Gilmor's battalion could at least operate advantagerously in that way. I will telegraph you if an advance of General Meade is made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

PETERSBURG, VA., November 25, 1863-10.30 p. m.

(Received 26th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector Geneal, C. S. Army:

One brigade of my division, Kemper's, at Hanover Junction. Hunton's brigade is at Chaffin's Bluff. Barton's brigade is here. Corse's, in East Tennessee. The only brigade under my immediate command, Barton's, I will hold in readiness to move.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 26, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I had not seen this telegram when I conversed with you just now One brigade (Barton's) should proceed to Hanover Junction; another should be drawn back from North Carolina to Petersburg.

J. A. S. [SEDDON,]

Secretary.

NOVEMBER 26, 1863.

General route of wagon train of Second Corps:

Turn off the plank road at Verdierville and go to Antioch Church; thence, via Jacobs' Mills, Richards', Briscoe's, and Parker's, to the Catharpin road. Follow the Catharpin road to Shady Grove Church, then turn to the right and go, via Buchanan's, Pool's, and Waite's, to the new court-house.

The above is the route to be pursued by the baggage trains (all wagons not necessary in an engagement) and the reserve artillery. The trains will move as the progress of the army requires, and when halted will be located at such poin as will enable them readily to take roads leading directly to the Fredericksburg plank road or to the Virginia Central Railroad, so that they can at once leave the above routes and move up to the army, or move to the south of the roads above indicated, thereby clearing them.

The brigade ordnance wagons will keep with the troops; the corps reserve ordnance trains will keep with the general reserve ordnance train, under orders of Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin, chief of ordnance. Chief ordnance officers of the corps will report to himfor further instructions.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

