
[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 27, 1863.

General ELZEY:

Can you not manage to get intelligence through your pickets or scous?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,November 28, 1863.

My pickets and scouts on this side are unable to pass through the enemy's lines to obtain information of what is going on in their interior.

Respectfully,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 30, 1863.

Noted. They should make every effort and be on the alert.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

FORT BOYKIN,

Isle of Wight County, Va., November 26, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

HONORABLE SIR: I herewith send you a file of Heralds, from the 12th to the 20th instant. They contain much news of interest as to the geneal bearing of affairs at the North which may be of interest to you. I send the papers as received regularly to General Elzey, and all other news of interest, &amp;c.

You will perceive that the Herald of the 17th instant contains an editorial upon a project freely discussed by the officers about Old Point, viz, advancing by the south side from a point above City Point. Bermuda Hundred, opposite Shirley, is spoken of as the place they purpose landing in order to flank Drewry's Bluff and cut off Petersburg. We have the means of knowing their conversation, an it is faithfully and regularly reported to us.

The enemy on Saturday last sent two regiments of infantry and three companies of cavalry from Newport News by transport up the Nansemond River, to re-enforce their troops in the vicinity of Suffolk. I would respectfully state that this line of communication of theirs could be easily stopped, and effecively, by a few torpedoes judiciously distributed by those competent to set them. They shold be so arranged as to go off by concussion; none other would do on account of the width of the river at the place where they should be set to prove effective. General Pickett approves of this plan, and has applied for the means to accomplish his purpose.

Butler is enrolling everything in shape of men, black and white. I would respectfully ask to be officially informed if it is General

54 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

