
Through him the commanding general of the army will take the proper steps to insure the efficiency of the artillery for movement and action,and its proper employment in battle.

All artillery not attached to other troops will be commanded by the chief of artillery. He will, both personally and through his staff, maintain a constant supervision and inspection over the personnel and material of the artillery of the army,and give the orders necessary to insure the instruction of the former and the completeness of the latter, as well as the discipline of the artillery not attached to other troops.

In battle, he will, under the instructions of the major-general commanding, distribute and place in position the reserve artillery, and, when so directed, select positions for the batteries attached to troops, conveying to the commander of the troops the directions of the commanding general.

He will give such directions as are necessary to secure the proper supply of ammunition, and to furnish it promptly to the batteries when in action.

He will give no orders that would interfere with the military control exercised by the commander of a corps or division over the batteries attached to their troops, nor will he withdraw batteries from a corps or transfer them from one corps to another, unless directed to do so by the general commanding the army.

Commandants of the artillery attached to troops will be responsible to the chief of artillery for the condition and efficiency of their batteries, so far as relates to equipments supplies, and instruction, and will be governed with respect to orders received from him by Paragraph 489, Revised Army Regulations of 1861.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 83. August 21, 1863.

In order that the amount of transportation in this army shall not in any instance exceed the maximum allowance prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 274, of August 7, 1863, from the War Department, and to further modify and reduce baggage and supply trains, heretofore authorized, the following allowances are established and will be strictly conformed to, viz:

1. The following is the maximum amount of transportation to be allowed to this army in the field:

To the headquarters of an army corps, 2 wagons or 8 pack mules.

To the headquarters of a division or brigade, 1 wagon or 5 pack mules.

To every 3 company officers, when detached or serving without wagons, 1 pack mule.

To every 12 company officers, when detached, 1 wagon or 4 pack mules.

To every 2 staff officers not attached to any headquarters, 1 pack mule.

To every 10 staff officers serving similarly, 1 wagon or 4 pack mules.

The above will include transportation for all personal baggage,

