
mess chests, cooking utensils, desks, papers, &amp;c. The weight of officers' baggage in the field, specified in the Army Regulations, will be reduced so as to bring it within the foregoing schedule. All excess of transportation now with army corps, divisions, brigades, and regiments, or batteries, over the allowances herein prescribed, will be immediately turned in to the quartermaster's department, to be used in the trains.

Commanding officers of corps, divisions, &c., will immediately cause inspections to be made, and will be held responsible for the strict execution of this order.

Commissary stores and forage will be transported by the trains. Where these are not convenient of access, and where troops act in detachments, the quartermaster's department will assign wagons or pack animals for that purpose: but the baggage of officers, or of troops, or camp equipage, will not bee permitted to be carried in the wagons or on the pack animals so assigned.

The assignment for transportation for ammunition hospital stores, subsistence,and forage will be made in proportion to the amount ordered to be carried. The number of wagons is hereinafter prescribed.

The allowance of spring wagons and saddle horses for contingent wants, and of camp and garrison equipage, will remain as established by circular, dated July 17, 1863.

2. For each full regiment of infantry and cavalry, of 1,000 men, for baggage, camp equipage, &c., 6 wagons.

For each regiment of infantry less than 700 men and more than 500 men, 5 wagons.

For each regiment of infantry less than 500 men and more than 300 men, 4 wagons.

For each regiment of infantry less than 300 men, 3 wagons.

3. For each battery of four and six guns - for personal baggage. mess chests, cooking utensils, desks, papers, &c., 1 and 2 wagons respectively.

For ammunition trains the number of wagons will be determined and assigned upon the following rules:

First. Multiply each 12-pounder gun by 122 and divide by 112.

Second. Multiply each rifle gun by 50 and divide by 140.

Third. For each 20-pounder gun, 1 1/2 wagons.

Fourth. For each siege gun, 2 1/2 wagons.

Fifth. For the general supply train of reserve ammunition of 20 rounds to each gun in the army, to be kept habitually with the Artillery Reserve, 54 wagons.

For each battery, to carry its proportion of subsistence, forage, &c., 2 wagons.

4. The supply train for forage, subsistence, quartermaster's stores, &c., to each 1,000 men, cavalry and infantry, 7 wagons.

To every 1,000 men, cavalry and infantry, for small-arms ammunition, 5 wagons.

To each 1,500 men, cavalry and infantry, for hospital supplies, 3 wagons.

To each army corps, except the cavalry, for intrenching tools, &c., 6 wagons.

To each corps headquarters for the carrying of subsistence, forage, and other stores not provided for herein, 3 wagons.

To each division headquarters for similar purpose as above, 2 wagons.

