
from intelligent citizens, these officers may accomplish the duty assigned and have in their reports at the end of four days; that is, by Thursday evening, 10th instant.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. ENGINEER DEPT., DEPT. OF NORTHERN VA.,Richmond, December 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WILLIAMS,

Commissary-General's Office:

COLONEL: There is an engineer regiment near this city, commanded by Colonel Talcott, numbering some 250. The regiment is under the directions of the Engineer Bureau, and as by regulations road repairing is a part of their duties, I respectfully recommend that you see the Chief of the Engineer Bureau, who, no doubt, will order that the regiment repair the Mechanicsville road at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. STEVENS,

Colonel of Engineers.

[First indorsement.]

RICHMOND, VA.,

December 9, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Chief of Engineer Bureau, with the request that the work may be done as soon as possible.

Inclosed herewith is a copy of an indorsement on the letter of Captain Wilson with regard to this matter.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

December 5, 1863.

Respectfully referred to honorable Secretary of War, with the request that he will order Colonel Stevens, commanding Richmond defenses and engineers, to at once use a portion of the forces (negro laborers) under his control to repair this road, particularly that portion between Mechanicsville and the outer line of fortifications. The Quartermaster-General has been consulted, and, as he also receives large amounts of corn over this road, he cordially unites in the above request.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

December 11, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Commissary-General.

After consultation with the honorable Secretary of War, the recommendation of Colonel Stevens is not approved, for the following reasons: The engineer troops, now numbering but little if any over 150 effective men, are in camp being drilled and organized. If they are taken from their camp to be employed on road repairs in the vicinity of this city, they will become mere "navvies," not engineer troops, without pride of drill to make them efficent in difficult and

