
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,December 15, 1863.

Colonel J. R. GRIFFIN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Franklin Depot:

Send all the cavalry force you have at once down to the scene of devastation. If they cannot drive off the enemy, they can at least hold them in check. Send orders to Colonel Hinton. Any one caught in the act (negroes or white men) of burning houses or mal-treating women, must be hung on the spot, by my order.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

UNION, MONROE COUNTY, VA.,

December 15, 1863.

Major Major WILLIAM B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c.:

There seems to be no doubt that the enemy have passed Sweet Springs, taking the Fincastle road. On the first intimation that they are coming toward Dublin, have the entire bottom of the turnpike bridge over New River taken up and carried to the Newbern side. If General Ransom has arrived at Bristol with his command, order Corse's brigade with the least possible delay to New River Bridge. If General Ransom has not reached Bristol, order Forty-fifth [Virginia] Regiment to New River Bridge immediately. Give all orders necessary to impress all railroad trains, whether carrying salt or anything else, to get the troops to New River Bridge. Hurry up the home guards. Concentrate them at New River Bridge, and under no circumstances allow Averell to get on the left bank of New River.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

DUBLIN, December 15, 1863.

Colonel W. H. BROWNE, Saltville:

The enemy is advancing on the railroads, probably toward Salem. Move your regiment to New River Bridge at once. Impress any trains you require at Saltville, whether loaded with salt or not. The utmost dispatch required.

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUBLIN, December 15, 1863.

Major General R. RANSOM, Jr., Bristol:

The enemy, under Averell, are moving on the railroad; have passed Sweet Springs to-day en route to Fincastle and Bonsack's; will reach the latter place to-morrow evening. Send Corse and Wharton at once to New River Bridge. Telegraph McMahon when transportation will be needed. The utmost rapidity is necessary. The enemy

