
DUBLIN, December 15, 1863.

Major J. M. WADE, Christiansburg:

The enemy, 3,000 strong, is advancing from Sweet Springs, on the railroad. Assemble your command and telegraph at once the amount of transportation required to move them to New River Bridge.

By order:

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy of same sent to Major Joseph F. Kent, Wytheville.)

DUBLIN, December 15, 1863.

Colonel G. A. WINGFIELD,

Commanding Home Guards, Liberty:

Move your command to Salem at once. Averell is advancing on railroad from Sweet Springs.

By order, &amp;c.:

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 308 . December 15, 1863.

* * * * * *

XIV. Major General J. A. Early, Provisional Army, C. S., will proceed to Staunton, Va., and assume command of the troops there and in the Valley of Virginia, and make the best disposition of the same to resist the advance of the enemy.

* * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, December --, 1863.

(Received 17th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have ordered all the cavalry from the Blackwater, Colonels Griffin's and Taliaferro's regiments, numbering some 600 effective men, to the scene of operations in Pasquotank. I have directed General Ransom to relieve the cavalry at and near Frankli, by infantry from Weldon, and send down 400 men by special train to Ivor to-ight, to relieve the cavalry between Ivor and Franklin. I have also ordered General Ransom to mount, if possible, 200 men to proceed to same destination as Colonel Griffin. Major Dearing, with 200 mounted men from his battalion, I have ordered to be ready to leave here to-morrow for same place. This will be all the mounted force I can send. It would not be prudent to risk an infantry force so far, with both flanks assailable, and the rear open and liable to be cut off by a force operating from Suffolk.

I inclose a communication from Colonel Hinton, received to-day.

Should the enemy be dislodged, they have it in their power to return at any time and carry out their plundering designs, unless we

