
have a strong cavalry froce (such as we have nto in this department) to continually harass them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTH CAROLINA STATE FORCES,Murfreesborough, December 14, 1863.

General GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Commanding Department of North Carolina, Petersburg:

GENERAL: Two regiments of armed negroes and one of Yankees (all infantry), and one regiment of cavalry, are quartered in Elizabeth City. They are comitting all manner of depredations upon the unarmed and defenseless citizens of the surrounding country. They express a determination to remain in Elizabeth City until they shal have completed the destruction of property in that section. My little force--about 500 strong--are doing all they can to hold them in check, but cannot operate successfully against so large a force. Can you not, general, send a brigade to the relief of that community? They can be easily captured, or driven off. Their position would be exceedingly precarious if opposed by an equal force. If they are not speedily dislodged, the Confederacy need not expect to get any more provisions from that section of country, but if they are driven off, the quantity of pork and bacon that will come to the Confederacy from the east side of the Chowan will be truly incredible. Please let me hear from you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HINTON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

DUBLIN, December 16, 1863.

Captain W. R. PRESTON, Christiansburg:

The telegraph operator left Salem about three hours ago. Said the enemy was near there. Nothing new. Please let me hear if they move in this direction. I hope to prevent their crossing New River.

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUBLIN, December 16, 1863.

Major-General RANSOM, Jr., Bristol:

Hurry Corse's brigade down to New River Bridge. The enemy in possession of Salem.

By order, &amp;c.:

WM. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LYNCHBURG, December 16, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Captain Otey's company, sent to General Jones' assistance, were obliged to come back to Bonsack's. The enemy in strong force are

