
organization, beg leave to represent that in view of the reduced condition of this brigade, the commandants of the regiments composing the same have united in an application to the Secretary of War asking that the brigade be temporarily transferred to Florida, with the views of recruiting our decimated ranks during the winter months, and returning to the field, upon the resumption of active hostilities in the spring, in an effective condition.

In the application, the strength and condition of the regiments are fully set forth, as well as the reasons upon which the same is based, and the committee deem their duty discharged when they invite your attenton to the above-named application and ask your co-operation in securing its success. The committee, however, cannot let the occasion pass without urging upon you the importance of taking such steps as will preserve our organizations; they feel that you share with them the reputation earned by our brigade upon the battle-fields of Virginia and will united with them in perpetuating its existence.

[Signed by W. K. Partridge, captain, Fifth Florida, and chairman; F. Worth, captain, Eighth Florida; B. Frank Whitner, captain, Eighth Florida; H. C. Simmons, captain, Eighth Florida; J. T. Bernard, captain and assistant quartermaster, Eighth Florida; B. F. Simmons, adjutant, Eighth Florida; J. L. Taylor, captain, Company K, Fifth Florida; C. A. Bryan, captain, Company C, Fifth Florida; N. B. Walker, second lieutenant, Second Florida; D. F. Bradley, lieutenant, Company A, Second Florida.]

[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 23, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Has any application of this kind come up through military channels? If not, refer to commanding general for his view.

J. A. S. [SEDDON.]

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 30, 1863.

Respectfully referred to General Lee for his views.

By order of Adjutant and Inspector General:

JOHN W. RIELY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,January 4, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

This subject has been one of consideration and correspondence for a year, and has come up in every shape. The officers think that recruits can only be obtained by sending the brigade to Florida. I have no doubt if it went back with the assurance of remaining that it would receive its share of conscripts, but if it was known that the brigade was to return to the field, I cannot see the advantage that would be gained. If men are to be obtained for it in Florida, by the aid of the recruiting officers, it seems they can as well be sent to the brigade as the brigade to the men.

