
first Virginia Cavalry, better known as Colonel Peters' regiment. The regiment has been for some time in W. E. Jones' brigade, and I have confidence in his judgment as to the best course to pursue with regard to it. It is at least due to Colonel Peters that no action be taken in the matter until he has made the representation in regard to it which he proposes to do in two or three days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WELDON, N. C.,

December 30, 1863.

Major C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: I beg leave to represent to the major-general commanding this department the propriety of forming a new regiment of cavalry and artillery, to be composed of the following troops, viz:

1. The Twelfth North Carolina Battalion, now at Kinston, consisting of three companies (mounted). This organization was formerly known as Wheeler's.

2. Company L, Sixty-second Georgia Regiment, commanded by Captain Barham, numbering 136 men. This company makes the eleventh company belonging to the Sixty-second Georgia, and Captain Barham, under authority from the Secretary of War to raise a battalion, has increased his company to its present numbers. This company of 136 men would make two very respectable companies, sufficiently large fr efficient action. This company may very well be detached from the Sixty-second Georgia.

3. There are in the Seventh Confederate Cavalry, Colonel Taliaferro, now at Ivor, twelve companies. The two extra companies might very well be taken from this regiment and made part of the new organization.

4. To these seven companies of cavalry I propose to attach one or two batteries of field artillery, and suggest the Macon Light Artillery, Captain Slaten, now stationed here, and one other battery to be selected from Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Branch's command.

These troops, organized into a regiment under an enterprising and vigorous soldier, would render valuable services to this department. At present at least one-half of this force is entirely inefficient for want of proper organization and management.

Our present lines of defense run at a distance of about 100 miles from the ocean, leaving a large area of country unoccupied by the enemy, but still unable for permanent occupation by our small force. This cavalry and artillery force, under a daring and skillful chief, would do much to secure to us this intermediate section. I need not say how important such an organization would be in meeting the raids of the enemy and harassing their outposts and transports. Over this command a good cavalry and artillery officer ought to be placed. As a valuable adjunct to this force might be added two companies of cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wynn. These companies now belong to the State forces and could not be combined with regular Confederate troops, but might be made of great service if attached to this new command. At present two companies of cavalry not acting in concert with the main Confederate force can

