
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., August 5, 1863.

(Received 4. 25 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The number of this command present for duty is: Cavalry, six companies, 329 officers and men; heavy artillery, four companies, 442 officers and men; light artillery, three batteries, 356 officers and men; infantry, 3,446 officers and men. Of these, three regiments-the First Eastern Shore (Maryland) Volunteers, the Second Eastern Shore (Maryland) Volunteers, and the First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade (Maryland) Volunteers-were raised for special service in the State of Maryland and decline crossing the Potomac. the regiments last named would possibly go to Leesburg or Winchester, Va. Two other regiments-Ninth and Tenth Maryland- are six-months' men, just raised and partially drilled.

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

AUGUST 6, 1863-9. 25 a. m.

Officer Commanding Eleventh Corps:

General Gordon's division must be held to mean the First Division of the Eleventh Corps. The General-in-Chief was informed before he issued the order that General Gordon's present command is not the same that he brought to this army. You are desired, however, to state, as soon as practicable, the regiments that composed the division that General Gordon joined us with, and, as far as possible, their strength.

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Beverly Ford, Va., August 6, 1863.

Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my division in position commanding Beverly Ford. I have one regiment on teh river bank; one brigade to its right and rear, about 900 yards; one brigade to its left and rear, about the same distance. One brigade about 1,000 yards in rear of these two, in support. My supply trains, &amp;c., in rear of this last brigade.

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I have received a request from Major-General Newton, commanding First Corps, to relieve his pickets, as soon as convenient, as far as Rappahannock Station, and have replied that I am not instructed to relieve any troops, save the regiment of the First Corps stationed at and guarding the ford.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 6-11. 30 p. m.

General Ayres to be informed that his course is a correct one.

S. W. [WILLIAMS.]

