
Pickett's and Hood's division of infantry are near Fredericksburg, back on the telegraph road. Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry, consisting of the Virginia regiments and six companies of a Maryland regiment, picket the river up to the junction on the Rapidan and Rappahannock, and Jenkins' cavalry picket from that point up the river. Fitzhugh Lee's headquarters are on the plank road, 2 miles from Fredericksburg. The cars run to Guiney's Station. Major General R. E. Lee's headquarters are at Orange Court-House. Fitzhugh Lee pickets the road from Fredericksburg to Orange Court-House, and the river from United States Ford to Port Conway.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Div., Cav. Corps.

HARTWOOD CHURCH, August 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SMITH,

Chief of Staff:

The troops seen moving yesterday south of Fredericksburg was a force of infantry and cavalry under General Hood. He passed out on the Bowling Green road a few miles, and thence to Port Conway. He had been informed that we intended to cross below Fredericksburg. All quiet at this hour.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Washington, August 22, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Commanding, &amp;c., Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: In reply to General Meade's telegram of yesterday, referred to me, I have the honor to state that when the other two brigades of the Pennsylvania Reserves were sent to the front, I very reluctantly retained this,as it is always objectionable to break up an organization which has acquired distinction. The number of troops in department has been so much reduced that it is impossible for me to spare even a single regiment unless immediately replaced by another. I can exchange this brigade for two full regiments.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 22, 1863-1. 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Three of four good companies will be immediately sent from your command to Camp Parole, Annapolis, to report for duty to Colonel Root, as camp guard.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

