
II.-JOINT RESOLUTIONS of thanks to General Robert E. Lee, and to the officers and soldiers under his command.

Whereas the campaigns of the brave and gallant armies covering the capital of the Confederate States during the two successive years of 1862 and 1863, under the leadership and command of General Robert E. Lee, have been crowned with glorious results, defeating greatly superior forces massed by the enemy for the conquest of these States, repelling the invaders with immense losses, and twice transferring the battle-fields from our own country to that of the enemy; and whereas the masterly and glorious achievements, rendering forever memorable the field of the "Seven days of great battles," which raised the siege of Richmond, as well as those of Cedar Run, Second Manassas, Harper's Ferry, Boonsborough, Sharpsburg, Shepherdstown, Fredericksburg, Winchester, Gettysburg, and Chancellorsvile, command the admiration and gratitude of our country; and whereas these and other illustrions services rendered by this able commander since the commencement of our war of independence have especially endeared him to the hearts of his countrymen, and have imposed on Congress the grateful duty of giving expression to their feelings: Therefore.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due and are tendered to General Robert E. Lee, and to the officers and soldiers of the Confederate armies under his command, for the great and signal victories they have won over the vast hosts of the enemy, and for the inestimable service they have rendered in defense of the liberty and independence of our country;

Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate these resolutions to General Robert E. Lee, and to the officers and soldiers herein designated.

Approved January 8, 1864.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Clerk's Office, January 15, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the following resolution was this day adopted by the House of Representatives, viz:

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to inform this House be what authority Generals Sam. Jones and Imboden have prohibited the transportation of food from the military disrict in which they are located to the city of Richmond for private use and consumption.

A. R. LANAR,

Clerk.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 16, 1864.

Referred to the Adjutant-General, for inquiry of the generals as to the facts and the reasons for such orders.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Commissary-General, C. S. Army, who will please give whatever information he may be possessed of in regard to the orders alluded to in this resolution, and as to the causes which induced their issuance.

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

