SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 376. Washington, August 22, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. Brigadier General H. S. Briggs, U. S. Volunteers, will take post at Alexandria, Va., as superintendent for the removal of drafted men from that place to the Army of the Potomac. He will ascertain from the Adjutant-General the quota for each regiment, and will make requisitions upon Major-General Meade and Major-General Heintzelman for the necessary guards to accompany the drafted men to their destination.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, August 23 [1863] - 8. 30 a. m.

(Received 9. 20 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: No further reports from General Kilpatrick since those sent you last evening. General Buford reports all quiet. General Gregg reports that no change has taken place in front of his pickets. A scouting party on the road from Hay Market to Aldie encountered a small party of the enemy, fired into them and dispersed them, killing 1 horse.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 23, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Gregg reports that scouting parties from his brigade near Warrenton went yesterday in the direction of Barbee's Cross-Roads and Little Washington.

The party sent to the latter point found the enemy's pickets at Amissville. Driving these in between Amissville and Little Washington, they found a strong reserve of the enemy.

The party which went to Barbee's Cross-Roads on their return was attacked by some 25 or 30 of the enemy in a wood; 1 lieutenant, 1 non-commissioned officer, and 3 of our men are missing. This party returned by way of Salem, and report a large number of young, stout, hearty men working in the fields in that vicinity. Thirteen were counted in one field. These men are either deserters or the enemy's troops gathering the crops. I have directed General Gregg to send out a regiment to find out who these men are,and also to see if the enemy has anything more than a picket line toward Little Washington.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

