
following objects and instructions you will bear in mind: it has been reported that the enemy were collecting boats at the mouth of the Chickahominy, the purpose not known. You are to endeavor to find these boats and destroy them. Obtain any information you can as to the movements of the enemy, and obey any orders you receive from General Wistar, who will communicate with you at either Jamestown Island or Barrett's Ferry. You are not to go farther up the Chickahominy than Barrett's Ferry (7 miles), or the first bluff on the right-hand side ascending. You will remain absent three days. As you will be unsupported, you must not jeopardize your boat, or, unnecessarily, the lives of your men. Should you fail to communicate with General Wistar and need further instructions, return to this point and report. These instructions may be modified, should your information render it necessary.

Relying, major, on your judgement, zeal, and intelligence, I have the honor to be, by order of Major-General Foster, very respectfully, yours,

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.] - The steamer C. P. Smith, with three guns (one rifle and two howitzers), 3 commissioned officers, and 60 non-commissioned officers and privates, is under your orders.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS IN CITY AND HARBOR, Numbers 12.New York, August 23, 1863.

Under the orders of the major-general commanding the Department of the East, constituting the troops of this command a division, they will be temporarily organized into brigade as follows:

First Brigade, Brigadier General R. B. Ayres commanding. - Second U. S. Infantry, Third U. S. Infantry, Fourth U. S. Infantry, Sixth U. S. Infantry, Seventh U. S. Infantry, Tenth U. S. Infantry, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, One hundred and fifty-second New York, Second Vermont, Third Vermont, Fourth Vermont, Fifth Vermont, Sixth Vermont, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, Eighteenth New York Cavalry, and Seventh Massachusetts Battery.

Second Brigade, Brigadier General Thomas H. Ruger commanding. - Fourth Ohio Infantry, Fifth Ohio Infantry, Seventh Ohio Infantry, Eighth Ohio Infantry, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry, Third Michigan Infantry, Fifth Michigan Infantry, Seventh Michigan Infantry, Second Massachusetts, Third Wisconsin, First Minnesota, and Second Connecticut Battery.

The garrison of the forts in the harbor, the guards at Davids Island and Riker's Island, Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and the First Delaware Battery will not be brigaded, and their commands will report direct to these headquarters.

The original organizations of the troops from the Army of the Potomac will be resumed as soon as the temporary service upon which they are now engaged has terminated.

By order of Brigadier-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

