
YORKTOWN, August 24, 1863.

General NAGLEE,

Norfolk:

My object in landing infantry at Wilson's Wharf, near Charles City, was to ascertain the condition of Wise's command, which is mainly at Drewry's Bluff, and by diversion to prevent his crossing the lower Chickahominy in Onderdonk's rear. I submit it to your consideration, but will not do it without further orders from you. One-third of Wise's men would surely desert if chance offered. Two of his regiments are from this vicinity, and already well represented in our lines by deserters.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

NORFOLK, August 24, 1863.

General WISTAR,

Yorktown:

We are fully informed of Wise's command. There is no fear of Wise with 800 infantry making any attempt to capture Onderdonk's cavalry.

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 85. August 24, 1863.

The following revised regulations for the organization of the ambulance corps and the management of the ambulance trains are published for the government of all concerned, and will be strictly observed:

1. The army corps is the unit of organization for the ambulance corps, and the latter will be organized upon the basis of captain as the commandant of the corps, one first lieutenant for ech division, one second lieutenant for each brigade, one sergeant for each regiment.

2. The privates of this corps will consist of two men and one driver to each ambulance and one driver to each medicine wagon.

3. The two-horse ambulances only will be used, and the allowance, until further orders, to each regiment of cavalry, one to each battery of artillery, to which it will be permantly attached, and two to the headquarters of each army corps, and two army wagons to each division. Each ambulances will be provided with two stretchers.

4. The captain is the commander of all the ambulances, medicine and other wagons in the corps, under the immediate direction of the medical director of the army corps to which the ambulance corps belongs. He will pay special attention to the condition of the ambulances, wagons, horses, harness, &amp;c., and see that they are at all times in readiness for service; that the officers and men are properly instructed in their duties, and that these duties are performed, and that the regulations for the corps are strictly adhered to by those under his command. He will institute a drill in his corps, instructing

