
6. The second lieutenant will have command of the portion of the ambulance corps for a brigade, and will be under the immediate orders of the commander of the ambulances for a division, and the injunctions in regard to care and attention and supervision prescribed for the commander of the division he will exercise in that portion under his command.

7. The sergeant will conduct the drills, inspections, &amp;c., under the orders and supervision of the commander of the ambulances for a brigade, be particular in enforcing all orders he may receive from his superior officer, and that the men are attentive to their duties.

The officers and non-commissioned officers will be mounted. The non-commissioned officers will be armed with revolvers.

8. Two medical officers and two hospital stewards will be detailed daily, by roster, by the surgeon-in-chief of division, to accompany the ambulances for the division when on the march, whose duties will be to attend to the sick and wounded with the ambulances, and see that they are properly cared for. No man will be permitted by any line officer to fall to the rear to ride in the ambulances unless he has written permission from the senior medical officer of his regiment to do so. These passes will be carefully preserved, and at the close of the march be transmitted, by the senior medical offices with the train, with such remarks as he may deem proper, to the surgeon-in-chief of his division. A man who is sick or wounded, who requires to be carried in an ambulance, will not be rejected should he not have the permission required;the surgeon of the regiment who has neglected to give it will be reported at the close of the march, by the senior surgeon with the train, to the surgeon-in-chief of his division.

When on the march, one-half of the privates of the ambulance corps will accompany, on foot, the ambulances to which they belong, to render such assistance as may be required. The remainder will march in the rear of their respective commands, to conduct, under the order of the medical officer, such mean as may be unable to proceed to the ambulances, or who may be incapable of taking proper care of themselves until the ambulances come up. When the case is of so serious a nature as to require it, the surgeon of the regiment, or his assistant will remain and deliver the man to one of the medical officers with the ambulances. At all other times the privates will be with their respective trains. The medicine wagons will, on the march, be in their proper places, in the rear of the ambulances for each brigade. Upon ordinary marches, the ambulances and wagons belonging to train will follow immediately in the rear of the division to which they are attached. Officers connected with the corps must be with the train when on the march, observing that no one rides in any of the ambulances except by the authority of the medical officers. Every necessary facility for taking care of the sick and wounded upon the march will be afforded the medical officers by the officers of the ambulances corps.

9. When in camp, the ambulances will be parked by divisions. The regular roll-calls, reveille, retreat, and tattoo will be held, at which at least one commissioned officer will be present and receive the reports. Stable duty will be at hours fixed by the captain of the corps, and at this time, while the drivers are in attendance upon their animals, the privates will be employed in keeping the ambulances to which they belong in order, keeping the vessels for carrying water filled with fresh water, and in general police duties. Should

7 R R-VOL XXIX, PT II

