
it become necessary for a regimental medical officer to use or more ambulances for transporting sick and wounded, he will make a requisition upon the commander of the ambulances for a division, who will comply with the requisition. In all cases when ambulances are used, the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men belonging to them will accompany them; should one ambulance only be required, a non-commissioned officer, as well as the men belonging to it, will accompany it. The officers of the ambulances corps will see that ambulances are not used for any other purposes than that for which they are designed, viz, the transportation of sick and wounded,and, in urgent cases only,for medical supplies. All officers are expressly forbidden to use them,or to require them to be used, for any other purpose. When ambulances are required for the transportation of sick or wounded at division or brigade headquarters, they will be obtained as they are needed for this purpose from the division train, but no ambulances belonging to this corps will be retained at such headquarters.

10. Good, serviceable horses will be used for the ambulances and medicine wagons, and will not be taken for any other purpose except by orders of these headquarters.

11. This corps will be designated: For sergeants, by a green band 1 1/4 inches broad around the cap, and chevrons of the same material, with the point toward the shoulder, on each arm above the elbow. For privates, by a band the same as for sergeants around the cap, and a half chevron of the same material on each arm above the elbow.

12. No person except the proper medical officers, or the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of this corps, will be permitted to take or accompany sick or wounded to the rear, either on the march upon the field of battle.

13. No officer or man will be selected for this service except those who are active and efficient, and they will be detailed and relieved by corps commanders only.

14. Corps commanders will see that the foregoing regulations are carried into effect.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, Centreville, August 25, 1863.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

The first information I received about the capture of horses from the Thirteenth New York Cavalry was from Lieutenant Colonel H. H. Wells, provost marshal in Alexandria, at 4 p. m. yesterday. He telegraphed me that Captain Gollingham, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, was attacked 2 1/2 miles beyond Annandale by about 100 Confederates, who captured 100 horses from him about 2 o'clock. I immediately communicated this intelligence to Colonel Lowell, who at once started out in the direction of Aldie, with two or three hundred cavalry, hoping to intercept the marauders. I have not yet heard the result of the expedition.

A sutler, who came into our lines last evening and was present

