
when the attack was made, told me that the enemy was about 200 strong; that they represented themselves to be part of Stuart's cavalry, and that 2 of our men were killed and 5 wounded in the skirmish. The sutler's horses were taken by the rebels, but his wagon and goods were left untouched. I did not report the affair to headquarters, supporting that Colonel Lowell, to whose command the escort and horses belonged, would do so.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., August 25, 1863 - 10 p. m.

(Received 10. 15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I do not like to ask for troops at this time, when both the Army of the Potomac and Charleston need all the men,but I have received information, which is quite reliable, to the effect that a force is now collecting to attack the line outside of Portsmouth. I can only bring one weak brigade from North Carolina not send me the Eighth New York and Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, now at Harper's Ferry? If, so please send them at once. I should be under no apprehension if the lines of intrenchments were completed, which they are not, and therefore feel obliged to be prepared. Please answer if you can give me the two regiments asked for at once.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, VA., August 25, 1863 - 11 a. m.

General GETTY:

The detachment reported as not returned last report, has returned all right.

Left Suffolk on the Providence Church road; thence via Windsor to Zuni; found picket on the opposite bank of the Blackwater; returned by circuitous route.

The cavalry I reported as Claiborne's at Ivor Station turns out to be Baker's.

Total strength on Blackwater: Griffin's cavalry (one regiment), and two regiments of infantry at or near Franklin; Baker's cavalry and one regiment of infantry at or near Ivor. All on this side of the Blackwater agree in this statement (contrabands, females, &amp;c.).

I have just received information, which I believe to be reliable, as it comes from a source that has previously given me information which invariably proved to be correct, that a force is now collecting near Ivor Station, 3 miles beyond Zuni, to march to Bowers' Hill; informant says "large force infantry and artillery. " I give it in the exact words I received it a few moments ago.

The Blackwater is very low, but the Nansemond River is lower than usual. Captain Lee, with gunboat Flora Temple, could not get higher up than Sleepy Hole. He left night before last, sent up by General Naglee, with three ladies to go to Wilmington, N. C. I passed them out. They did not know my strength.

I think a gunboat should patrol the Nansemond River, as the enemy

