
row, to make a reconnaissance up the Front Royal pike to gain all the information possible of the enemy toward White Post, Millwood, Front Royal, and Milford.

An effort should be made to learn if the enemy has any force as low down as Millwood or White Post. If they have, the main force should not go much beyond Cedarville, in any case leaving a picket on the Millwood road near that place. If no danger is apprehended from that direction, let the officer proceed to the crossing of the Shenandoah, and endeavoring first to learn if there is any force at Front Royal, if itis prudent or if he considers it best, with the whole force. At least one day's forage and rations should be taken.

If definite information of the enemy is obtained, the command can return early on the 13th. The officer in command will be instructed that the object is specially to obtain information of the enemy's where-abouts, movements, force, &amp;c., but if he finds anything that he can disperse, let him do it; the greatest vigilance and energy is enjoined.

A similar force from Reserve Brigade is sent toward Strasburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 11, 1865-5.15 p.m.

Major-General CROOK,

Harper's Ferry, Va.:

The following particulars of the capture of Beverly just received:

CLARKSBURG, January 11.

"Captain Thomson, of Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry has just arrived at Buckhannon from Beverly, and reports camp surprised this morning before day; Lieutenant-Colonel Youart and lieutenant-colonel Thirty-fourth captured, with at least two-thirds of the command. Major Butters, Thirty-fourth, is on the road, to this place with about 125 men. Captain Thomson thinks Philippi will be attacked to-morrow morning. Saw a woman living this side of Beverly, by the name of Mrs. Kittle, who told him she was at Carrick's Ford yesterday and saw 2,200 cavalry, rebel. Contradicts a report of their being all infantry, and says they are all cavalry. Saw two squadrons on the Philippi road. Bridge at Beverly destroyed but there is a ford below, toward which he saw force of cavalry moving when he left. Went to the river just before starting for this place, and asked a guard on opposite side what force it was; reply, "Witcher's and Imboden's." Wagon train has just returned to this place. I have a scout of twenty men on road toward Beverly.

"H. C. RIZER,

"Major."

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel.

General Kelley is doing all he can and is making all arrangements possible to prevent the capture of any other posts. I have ordered part of Duval's command to be ready to move to any point by railroad at a moment's notice, if needed. I hardly think they will attack any other post, although they may do so.

Respectfully,

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

