
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,January 2, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

These men were sent out to Georgia to aid in the defense of the State, with the expectation that they would be kept there only a short time. They are now needed here, and General Young's presence is greatly required with his brigade.

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,January 16, 1865.

As it is in contemplation to send Butler's division to South Carolina, I think it unnecessary to order these men back. They should all be ordered to join their division, on its reaching South Carolina.

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 2, 1865.

Colonel R. E. WITHERS,

Danville, Va.:

You are authorized to call out and employ for local guard duty onehalf of the employees in the ordnance and quartermaster's shops. Those employed in transportation must not be disturbed.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, January 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: By Special Orders, Numbers 143, Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, last series, Lieutenant George C. Bain is assigned as chief signal officer in this district. Thereafter, by Special Orders, Numbers 240, Lieutenant S. Wilmer is placed in the independent position of chief of operators on blockade-running vessels, and is considered independent, reporting only to the chief of the corps and the War Department. This arrangement is fraught with great danger, and I am informed several vessels have narrowly escaped destruction. Without a complete control by military commanders over all subordinates confusion and collisions are inevitable. The necessary orders had been issued by me to correct this evil and prevent disaster, but finding that they conflict with those of the War Department I have rescinded them and refer the matter, confident an arrangement so destructive to discipline, and even dangerous to our position, will not be continued. To allow vessels to run in and out of this port under the independent control of a signal officer makes the military commander, whatever his rank, the subordinate and dependent without transferring the responsibility.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

