
RALEIGH, N. C., January 3, 1865.

General BRAGG,

Wilmington:

Can I with safety disband the home guard for a few weeks? They have to be reorganized under the new law, and I think this as good time as any.

Z. B. VANCE.

WILMINGTON, January 3, 1865.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

You may safely withdraw you home guard for the present. The fleet and land force of the enemy are reported at Beaufort, but with my present means they can be taken care of. Accept my cordial thanks, and extend them to your gallant men for the prompt and valuable support extended on the first announcement of danger.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, No. 3. Wilmington, N. C., January 3, 1865.

* * * * *

VI. Colonel Jackson will proceed to Camp Lamb and inspect it. He will quarter the battalion of Senior Reserves at that point. He will reserve for the present some suitable building for the use of the sick of General Hoke's division, but he will retain the control of the whole, and will post guards under a suitable officer, and will see that no damage or destruction to the property is allowed in any case. Any interference with or opposition to this order on the part of a senior officer will be promptly reported to these headquarters. If by an inferior, Colonel Jackson will at once arrest the offending party and report as above. The major-General commanding relies on the discretion of Colonel Jackson to meet all the wants of the case, and to provide, as far as possible, for the accommodation of his troops, and the comfort of the sick, who have been irregularly posted at that camp.

By command of Major-General Whiting:

JAS. H. HILL,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Wilmington, January 3, 1865.

Honorable JAS A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have to inclose you a note from Captain Fry, of the navy, commanding the Agnes E. Fry, a valuable steamer, lost a few days ago. He complains of the extortion and general bad conduct of the pilots. This has been a fruitful cause of trouble and disaster. I hope it in the power of the Government to take some strong measure with these fellows, and to make an example in this particular case, though I confess, unless we can procure the services of honorable masters of vessels,

