
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 3, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

This complaint is but one of many, showing that a more unpatriotic set of extortioners never lived than these pilots, with some few exceptions. I have frequently represented the mater, and finally obtained authority to enroll them. I have this fellow in close confinement, and shall not permit him to exercise of some severe penalty, though it is hard ot devise. Once away they are out of our power. Their money is all invested abroad. If sent to the Army they will no doubt desert and employ their knowledge against us. It will be well to make an example of this fellow, who lost his ship-a very valuable once.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, January 3, 1865.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding Third Military District, Wilmington:

GENERAL: The commanding general learns there is a suspension of travel on the Wilmington and Weldon Railway. This may proceed from some order of the War Department; but, thinking it possible it has been caused by an adherence to orders issued from these headquarters during the recent emergency, the general desires you will inquire into the matter, and have the normal state of things resorted in every particular, so far as it depends upon the military authorities here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 3, 1865.

General HEBERT, Commanding, &amp;c., Smithville:

GENERAL: It is of great importance that Battery Buchanan be secured as soon as possible from night assault. The palisades collected for the rear of Fisher had better be brought over at once. With a little instruction, and the line laid out for them, the garrison of Buchanan can put them up in a short time. Colonel Lamb can supply utensils. The Sampson might, by taking a favorable tide, bring over a quantity. Direct Hedrick to use his best endeavors to get up a wharf,or some kind of landing, at Bald Head. Lamb must do his best to connect the Pinhead with the land. Let Sweetman make two or three of the hand pile-drivers with live-oak rams, one for each post. The construction of these wharves, of a line of communication by the river bank to Sugar Loaf, and the covering of our guns and men at the different works, must occupy pour attention chiefly for the present.

Very truly,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

P. S.-The palisades had better inclose Buchanan and the line be arranged-flanked.

