
JANUARY 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General GRIMES,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Pickett has been directed to send one brigade to the north side. This thins his line out somewhat. You may have to move up to support him. He has been informed that, should occasion require, he should have assistance, and should he request it of you that you would be instructed to move up at once without awaiting for orders from here. Please govern your action accordingly.

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, January 6, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia, Petersburg:

GENERAL: Your letter of 30th of December, on the subject of ammunition, &amp;c., is received. The great deficiency existing at the time of my report for the troops belonging to this department was owing to the hasty concentration of reserves and home guard, and the inability to supply anything from the arsenals. The First Brigade of Hoke's division was hurried forward by the general, under my pressing calls, leaving all supplies not carried by the men. On their arrival requisition was made for ammunition, simply stating what they had. With these facts only, after applying to the chief of ordnance and the arsenals without success, I dispatched to you. General Hoke's reserve all camp up in time, and the arsenals have been able to supply other wants, so that we are now well furnished.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, January 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of Northern Virginia, Petersburg:

COLONEL: The inclosed return* of the troops serving in this department is the best that can be prepared from the imperfect reports of subordinate commanders. There are several matters of detail affecting the organization and discipline of the command, to which I wish the attention of the commanding general invited. It will be observed that there are may fragments and detached commands scattered over the department, and that organized commands are in my instances dispersed and portions detached, greatly to the injury of their discipline and efficiency. As far as practicable I shall gradually correct this evil by bringing organizations together, but a part of it is beyond my control, some of the detachments being in the departments both north and south of this.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

