
panies, unless detailed by authority superior to myself. Many have gone under this order, and an inspector is now out collecting data for a further reduction of this useless class.

Eleventh. I am somewhat embarrassed by the anomalous position held by Brigadier-General Martin. He exercises a territorial and military command within my department, and yet reports to Lieutenant-General Holmes over whom I have no jurisdiction. The result is that I have no reports or returns from that portion of my department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of North Carolina:

COLONEL: I again earnestly call for the remainder of the Tenth North Carolina to be stationed here. The senior Reserves are totally unfit for the important duties intrusted to them. The garrison duty of this city, with a whole division of excellent troops within two miles of it, has never been so ill performed. Public stores and property, especially in the quartermaster's department, are reported as nightly plundered; the guards at the public stables have been forced with impunity. I am unable to guard lines, to enforce order, to prevent proper ingress or egress. If this request cannot be complied with I ask that all troops in this district, while they remain here, be directed to report to me, and through me to the general commanding the department; and in asking this I ask only what I am entitled to.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, January 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Reserves, Raleigh:

GENERAL: I beg you will furnish me at your earliest convenience with a statement of the organization of all the battalions and regiments of the Reserves, Senior and Junior, serving in this department, and a list of the field officers of the troops, showing the dates of their commissions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 5. Richmond, Va., January 7, 1865.

* * * * *

XVIII. Brigadier General E. M. Law, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby relieved from duty with the Army of Northern Virginia.

* * * * *

