
XXXVIII. Lieutenant Colonel John C. Pemberton, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby assigned to duty as general inspector of artillery and ordnance in the armies of the Confederate States. He will report to the Adjutant and Inspector General for special instructions. Captain L. S. Marye, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton as assistant inspector:

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,January 7, 1865.

Major DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: An insufficient supply of fuel was received yesterday, owing to the want of transportation on the railroad. A portion of Gracie's dam was swept away last night, but General Ransom reports that the damage can soon be repaired. I have n deserters to report during past twenty-four hours, and but one casualty, viz, Private Hutchinson, Wise's brigade, wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PICKETT'S DIVISION,January 7, 1865.

Brigadier General B. GRIMES,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Pickett has just received a telegram from General Lee stating that a brigade from your division has been ordered to relieve our right brigade (Terry's) early in the morning so as to enable it to occupy the line formerly held by General Corse. The general desires me to say to you that great caution will have to [be] observed to prevent the movement of the troops from being seen from the "tower;" that it will probably be blest to delay relieving the pickets until after dark to-morrow night. He advised that you send as large a brigade as possible, as General Terry's line at present covers a great deal of ground. He suggests also that the officer who relieves this brigade had better see Colonel Flowerre, who is in command at this time, as early as possible in the morning to make such arrangements as will most effectually secure the movements of the men from being observed by the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully,

E. R. BAIRD,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 1. Wilmington, January 7, 1865.

At the end of each month consolidated inspection reports upon the forms prescribed by the War Department will be forwarded from district headquarters. With these will be transmitted upon similar forms

