
CHARLOTTE, January 7, 1865.

General S. COOPER:

A fire occurred here last night, destroying 22,000 bags of corn, a large lot of sugar, and other stores; two large Government warehouses, a large lot of cotton. Result of accident in Captain Spurrier's (acting quartermaster) office.

WM. J. HOKE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, January 8, 1865.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 7th instant, transmitting the information received from Mr. R. F. Walker from an old farmer of Charles City County relative to large numbers of Grant's army descending James River. From other information received I think it probable the attack on Wilmington will be renewed. General Terry, it is said, is to command the land forces, and that the last of them embarked on the evening of the 5th. I have notified General Bragg, and am endeavoring to ascertain the strength of the land force. I cannot learn that any troops have left the lines in our front.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 8, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

A deserter from the Twenty-fourth Corps, just in, states that he attack on Wilmington is to be renewed. General Terry goes in command of the land forces. The Tenth Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Eighth Corps, and one division of the Sixth Corps, go along. The last of the troops left on the evening of the 5th.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &c., Petersburg:

The deserter from the Twenty-fourth Corps was a man of considerable intelligence, and was induced to desert by Colonel Henagan, Eighth South Carolina, who is now a prisoner, and who gave him a copy of General Order 65. He states that the only troops left on this side of the river were regiments from each division which had been here and the new recruits. My scouts are instructed to be as active as possible in procuring information.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

