
be composed of volunteers. You will please give them such orders as your experience suggests as most likely to lead to the accomplishment of the desired object. The statement, the truth of which they are to test, is that General Terry has gone to Wilmington, taking with him the Tenth, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Eighth, and one division of the Sixth Corps; that the only troops on this side, exclusive of the artillery, are a few regiments from each division and the new recruits.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 9, 1865.

Colonel T. M. LOGAN,

Commanding Gary's Brigade:

Have your scouts reported yet? General Longstreet is extremely anxious to have information as soon as possible. If the enemy have shipped off nearly everything but the artillery from this side we ought certainly to be able to ascertain it. Can't you capture a picket?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS McGOWAN'S BRIGADE,January 9, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In charging the enemy's picket-line this morning the accompanying paper* was found on the person of one of the prisoners (who have heretofore been forwarded). General McGowan directs me to forward the same to you with his compliments. General McGowan is just from South Carolina, and he desires that General Lee should know that the Piedmont Railroad running from Greensborough to Danville is, in his opinion, in bad condition as to road bed, rolling-stock, and management. He was informed that the most certain way to improve the condition of the road was to report the matter direct to General Lee' and in consequence of its great importance to the army he has felt it his duty to do so.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. W. RIDDICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE NORTH CAROLINA, RAILROAD COMPANY,

Greensborough, N. C., December 25, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: The delays on the Piedmont Railroad from this place to Danville are such as will cause much suffering in the Army of Northern

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

