HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,January 9, 1865.

Major R. P. DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have nothing of importance to report this morning. The following casualties have occurred during the past twenty-four hours, viz: Wise's brigade, one wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 9, 1865.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have received your letter the 30th ultimo with regard to the organized of the cavalry. I think your plan of arming the different regiments of the brigades is the best which can be adopted with our limited supply of arms. If you think an order from me is necessary ot have it carried into effect I can have it issued at once. The changes of arms should be, as far as practicable, from regiment to regiment in the same brigade or division. I will write to Colonel Gorgas with regard to the speedy importation of Enfield rifles and pistols. I will also appeal to the people to turn in al the cavalry arms in their possession. Colonel Baldwin, chief of ordnance, has from time to time collected cavalry arms from the various infantry commands. It would prevent in a great measure the scattering of arms through the country to require each man who goes on a horse detail or furlough to turn in his carbine, saber, and pistol to the ordnance officer of his brigade. I hope by your efforts and through the cordial co-operation of the officers and men of your command the Cavalry Corps may be sufficiently well armed to meet the enemy with success in the next campaign.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Raleigh, January 9, 1865.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I respectfully ask your attention to the inclosed copy of a letter from Mr. Andrew Barnard, a citizen of Clay County, N. C., for whose loyalty and respectability I readily vouch. It details a transaction not at all rare or uncommon, and I should not deem it worth while to trouble you with it except that it identifies the thief and traces him to the promise [premises?] and leaves him under the protection of his commanding general. There is therefore presented a fair opportunity for punishment of the offender and for making an example not only of him, but of the officer or officers who connive at and permit these outrages. Should such an opportunity be permitted to pass unimproved the conclusion will be forced upon our people that their Government officially countenances rapine and robbery, or else is too weak to inflict punishment for these crimes, a suspicion which has

