
In the meantime we met Captain Thompson, the officer of the thieves who took our stock. We told the general so, and urged him to make him bring up the stock he brought from our county, for we believed the stock was run off or hid out of our reach. The general refused; said they were a wild, reckless set that he could not control; so ended our mission. Now, Governor, I wish to know if there is any way to obtain legal redress, and if you will assist us, for if we cannot regain our stock we want pay for it, and we think t will have to be through you if we ever get anything. If not, we would like to know if our sons and neighbors are to be kept at a distance to keep back the common enemy while thieving scoundrels are sent out by Government officers to rob them of their property left at home. If so, we are a gone people, for there will soon be nothing left to fight for. The old men and boys left at home are not able to contend by force against these marauding parties, for we have neither arms nor ammunition, and as for the home guard, we can never get them on the track until it is cold. Our fighting material is away, so we have to suffer.

Now, sir, if you think we old men and helpless women and children worthy of any part of your attention and care, you will please assist in getting pay for the property already lost and send us at least a few men that will shoot highway robbers when they come among us; and ever oblige,

Yours, truly, &amp;c.,

ANDREW BARNARD.

WILMINGTON, January 9, 1865.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

I have recommended General Leventhorpe for commission in Confederate service, and I hope you will continue him on duty in the department until the President shall act. Should you consent, please order him to return and resume command of the district in General Baker's absence.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WILMINGTON, January 9, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

The same report reaches me from Beaufort, but nothing has yet appeared off here.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, January 9, 1865.

Major-General GILMER,

Chief Engineer, Richmond:

GENERAL: It is of the utmost importance that the laboring force of negroes for this place shouldn't only be increased, but port on permanent footing of organization. I have great difficulties to contend with in procuring labor, in the first place, in keeping it, and provid-

