
nished; the opinion of the inspector that all is right is not sufficient, the facts being needed for action and record. Captain Devine's duties at Goldsborough are not stated. Minute and explicit information is required upon all the subjects of investigation.

The general desires you will return to Goldsborough and Weldon, make reports in detail upon those posts, and accompany them with proper explanatory papers.

I am instructed further to say for your information that an inspector, wherever he goes on duty, unless specially limited by his instructions, is charged with correcting all abuses and irregularities which may come under his notice, and with seeing to the enforcement of the Army Regulations and all orders from his own chief or superior authority.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 2. Wilmington, January 10, 1865.

The following system of furloughs prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 72, headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, 1864, is adopted for the troops in this department:

I. Furloughs will be allowed at the rate of 2 to every 100 arms bearing men present for duty.

II. In addition to these a furlough for one man will be granted to every company having fifty arms-bearing men present for duty.

III. District and division commanders will require such special indorsements on applications under this order as will insure strict conformity to its letter and spirit, and they are authorized to take final action. But requests for leaves of absence to officers and for furloughs not herein provided for must be forwarded to these headquarters.

IV. All white teamsters will be immediately replaced by negroes. Requisitions for the number required will be forwarded to these headquarters.

By order of General Bragg.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, January 10, 1865.

Brigadier General L. S. BAKER,

Goldsborough, N. C.:

Keep Senior Reserves ordered here by mail until situation is better defined.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 11, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

The late rain has unfortunately broken down the Piedmont Railroad in various places so that transit will not be practicable over twenty miles of it for several days, perhaps a week. I fear the extraordinary

