SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 8. Richmond, January 11, 1865.

* * * * *

XII. The battalion organization of the Twelfth Battalion Virginia Artillery is hereby dissolved. The batteries composing it will be distributed under the direction of the commanding general.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN W. RIELY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,

January 11, 1865.

Major DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have nothing of importance to report this morning. Two men deserted from Gracie's brigade last night.

The following casualties are respectfully reported: Wise's brigade, 1 killed; Ransom's brigade, 1 killed (by caving of bombproof); Gracie's brigade, 1 killed (by caving of bombproof); Elliott's brigade, 1 wounded.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, January 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of Northern Virginia, Petersburg:

COLONEL: As soon as practicable an organized engineer from of negroes should be assigned to duty in this department. The defensive works now under construction are most important, and progress very slowly for want of sufficient labor well regulated. Other works projected, but not yet commenced, should be completed before the spring campaign. The laboring force of the department heretofore, though large, has produced but small results, for want, no doubt, or organization and discipline. It has now dwindled down to a handful. Full returns have been called for, and orders given requiring them regularly as for other troops. Three section, properly organized under a director, as required in General Orders, Numbers 86, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, will accomplish more than double the number as much more satisfaction to the owner. Another company of organized engineer soldiers for General Baker's district is also much needed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &c.,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

