
WILMINGTON, January 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Petersburg:

General Baker's partial disability renders necessary an efficient second in command. The withdrawal of the State Home Guards takes from me the services of Brigadier General C. Leventhrope, of the State service. If no other can be sent I hope he may be commissioned in the Confederate service.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 3. Wilmington, January 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel H. Oladowski is announced as chief ordnance officer of this department.

By order of General Bragg:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant-Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, January 11, 1865.

Brigadier General L. S. BAKER,

Goldsborough:

Make dispositions to meet reported movement, and give earliest information, so that commanding general may support. Keep Senior Reserves till further orders.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 12, 1865.

Memorandum of a confidential conversation held this day with F. P. Blair, of Montgomery County, Md.:

Mr. Blair stated, that not receiving an answer to his application for permission to visit Richmond, which had been sent from the headquarters of General Grant's army, he returned to Washington, and there received the reply which had been made to his application, but by some means had been withheld from him and been forwarded after having been opened. That he had originally obtained permission to visit Richmond from Mr. Lincoln, after stating to him that (Mr. B.) had for many years held friendly relations with myself, and, though he afterward gave him permission to visit me (altered by Mr. Blair),* Mr. Lincoln stopped him. He stated, in explanation of his position, that he, being a man of Southern blood, felt very desirous to see the war between the States terminated, and hoped by an interview with me to be able to effect something to that end. That after receiving the pass which has been sent to him by my direction, he sought before returning to have a conversation with Mr. Lincoln; had two appointments for

---------------

*By changing, after the words "friendly relations with myself," the language-and that his feelings for me were unchanged, Mr. Lincoln stopped him, and state in explanation, so as to read" and, though he afterward gave him permission to visit me, Mr. Lincoln stopped him. He stated, in explanation," &amp;c.

---------------

