
CITY POINT, VA., January 12, 1865-4 p.m.

Colonel M. R. MORGAN,

Fort Monroe:

All troops arriving at Fort Monroe from General Sheridan's army will proceed, as fast as the vessels can get on coal, water, and rations, to Savannah, Ga., and report to Major-General Sherman for orders; and, in the event General Sherman should have departed from there, they will report to Major General J. G. Foster for orders. Each vessel transporting these troops will start the moment it is ready, adn a copy of this order will be furnished by you to the officer in command of troops on board of each of said vessels, and also to the commanding officer of the whole of said troops. The greatest promptitude possible in their departure is required.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, City Point:

GENERAL: Two steamers-the Ariel (973 men) and the Sedgwick (496 men)-have arrived. The troops were rationed up to to-morrow night. They have water at the rate of a gallon per man for fifteen days. I will have issued some salt-water soap. I am not certain about the coal, but will be, and now believe they have on board some thirteen to fifteen days' coal. The division commander is not here, but gave the First Brigade orders to keep on hand four days' rations, and to stay on board ship until they got different orders from him or higher authority. By direction of General Grant I directed them to go on shore, as per inclosed copy of order. Colonel Washburn informed me that the division was waiting for transportation, and I concluded they would not be all here for two days at the earliest. In the meanwhile these transports will be rationed and filled up with water, the troops will be on board again with cooked rations for three days, I will suggest, and will have stretched their legs. If the division commander comes in the meanwhile he can do as he pleases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.

P. S.-The Baltic went up yesterday to Annapolis, ready for sea. She ought to take a brigade on board.

M. R. M.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MONROE, VA., January 12, 1865.

Colonel HENRY D. WASHBURN,

18th Indiana Vols., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 19th Corps:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that you land your command at Newport News, and remain there until further orders from him of from

