
RICHMOND, VA., January 16, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va.:

The condition that Butler's division should return to you was under stood by me to be part of the proposition, and will be distinctly stated. Young's brigade will join the command as soon as it arrives on the field of operations. Will you notify the Adjutant-General, that the proper orders may be issued in time?

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted for the information of the Adjutant and Inspector General, by direction of the President.

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 16, 1865.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

General Bragg reports that the enemy bombardment Fort Fisher furiously all day yesterday. At 4 p. m. their infantry advanced to the assault, a heavy demonstration at the same hour being made against their rear by our troops. At 6.30 p. m. General Whiting reported that their attack had failed and the garrison was being strengthened with fresh troops. About 10 p. m. the fort was captured, with most of its garrison. No further particulars at this time known.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 16, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant, with its inclosure. I thank you for your prompt and energetic measures for the relief of the army. As soon as I was informed of the breach in our railroad connections I issued the inclosed appeal to the farmers and others in the country accessible by our remaining communications, and sent Major Tannahill to them to obtain all the supplies that could be procured. I am glad to say that so far as I know the crisis in relation to this mater is now past.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 19, 1865.

Noted with pleasure. It was the most effectual mode of obtaining supplies - more effective, I doubt not, than the coercive action of the Department.

J. A. S.

