HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,January 12, 1865. (Received 9.25 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy fired yesterday and last night upon the party constructing abatis in front of the First Division, wounding one officer and three men. The work, however, was not stopped. Nothing else to report.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,January 12, 1865. (Received 10.20 a.m.)

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing new on our front. No deserters year reported. The late storm did much damage to the entrenchments; these are being repaired.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,January 12, 1865.

Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the necessity of transferring the forage depot to this side of the James. The present interruption of the pontoon bridges may be frequently repeated now at this season. It is a matter under the control of the chief quartermaster. There is a little forage over on the other side to-day, but we cannot get it, although it is the first for three days, on account of the bridges. A temporary depot, at least, should be established on this side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier and Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., January 12, 1865-9 a.m.

(Received 9.30 a.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Major-General Crook reports that the small post at Beverly, W. Va., was surprised and captured just before daylight yesterday morning, the 11th instant. There seems to be a total want of discipline or soldierly qualities about troops in this section of country. I do not know the extend of the damage done, but it cannot be very much. The enemy's force was Witcher's band and deserters and stragglers from rebel army, so far as I can learn. I will send particulars as soon as received. General Crook has sent troops from Cumberland to Grafton and Clarksburg.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

