
them for the field, he is not without hope that events may transpire affording us more ample means in this respect than can be distinctly anticipated; and if means should be found he would most gladly restore to the field with renovated equipments battalions that have acquainted themselves with such distinguished efficiency as field artillery.

W. N. P.

P. S.- I am requested by General Lee to prepare for him a schedule of the horse artillery battalions proposed to be formed. I should adjust them by assigning together one of Lomax's and one of the old horse artillery companies. But I desire to know something of the officers and men in Lomax's companies. Will you kindly inform me, where do they come from? what can be made of them? can you send me a field return of them? Of course they will have to be thoroughly brought up and equipped. Johnston will have temporary charge of the force - Jackson's, MCClanahan's, Griffin's, and Lurty's; but after the entire organization he will have only two batteries as his battalion.

W. N. P.

RICHMOND, VA., January 17, 1865.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

In compliance with the request of the General Assembly of Virginia, we communicate to you, confidentially, the inclosed resolution. The General Assembly, with sincere confidence in your patriotic devotion to the welfare of the country, desire in this critical period of our affairs by such suggestions as to them, and by the dedication, if need be, of the entire resources of the Commonwealth to the common cause, to strengthen your hands and to give success to our struggle for liberty and independence. Should it be your wish to have a personal interview with is on this subject, it will give us pleasure to call on you at such time and place as you may designate.

We are, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. JOHNSON,

President pro tem. of the Senate

HUGH W. SHEFFEY,

Speaker of the House of Delegates.

[Inclosure.]

Resolution adopted January 17, 1865.

Resolved, That, in the opinion of the General Assembly of Virginia, the appointment of General Robert E. Lee to the command of all the armies of the Confederate States would promote their efficiency and operate powerfully to reanimate the spirit of the armies, as well as of the people of the several States, and to inspire increased confidence in the final success of our cause.

Resolved, That the president of the Senate and the speaker of the House of Delegates communicate the adoption of the foregoing resolution, confidentially, to the President of the Confederate States.

Unanimously agreed to by both Houses of the General Assembly.

A copy from the rolls.

Teste:

WM. F. GORDON, JR.,

Clerk House of delegates and Keeper of Rolls of Virginia.

