
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 8. January 12, 1865.

A Confederate soldier giving his name as John E. Boyd, caught within the lines of this army under circumstances which leave no doubt that he is a spy of the enemy's, and his conduct and manner since his capture confirming this-the said John E. Boyd will, at 12 o'clock, meridian, to-morrow, January 13, 1865, or as soon thereafter as practicable, be hung by the neck until he is dead. The provost-marshal-general of this army is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., January 12, 1865.

(Received 6.30 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just learned that Governor Foote, of Mississippi was yesterday arrested at Occoquan while on his way to our lines with his family, and taken back to Richmond. I have sent to Occoquan to bring in his wife, who is yet there and wishes to come in. The patrols report all quiet.

H. H. WELLS,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Defenses South of the Potomac.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 12, 1865.

Colonel H. H. WELLS,

Provost Marshal, &amp;c., Alexandria:

The President is desirous that no efforts should be spared to bring in at once Mrs. Foote and her family. He directs this to be impressed upon you. Is there any chance, from the information in your possession, for a pursuing party to overtake and recapture Governor Foote? What are the means in your possession for the pursuit, if there be hope of success? When precisely was the capture made, and by what party? Report fully all information on the subject you have.

By orders of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel, Inspector-General.

ALEXANDRIA, January 12, 1865.

(Received 9.20 p.m.)

Colonel J. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General:

Governor Foote remained at Occoquan over one day for the water to go down so that he could cross. He was at the house of Mr. Hammell, who is now here. Two rebel cavalry arrested him early yesterday, and impressed Hammell and his team to carry him to Dumfries, which he did. Hammell was pledged to secrecy, returned to Occoquan, and

