
a state of anarchy more horrible than anything we have yet endured, or may expected to endured. Judging by my own people, I regard such a deplorable result as morally certain. It seems to me that the State governments, through their executives and legislatures, will have all the necessary moral weight, and can accomplish every desired object short of revolution, and that by calling a convention we can have no other object in view except revolution.

I frankly confess to you that I regard it our chief aim at this time to hold the demoralized and trembling fragments of society and law together and prevent them from dropping to pieces until the rapidly hastening end of our struggle shall be developed. To do this is not only humane, and in every respect our duty, but also puts off the evil day and keeps us in position to take advantage of any fortunate circumstances tending to redeem our losses, to inspire our people with hope, or even to secure better terms in case all should be lost. Besides, the tenor of my advises from Richmond of late is to the effect that President Davbis is inclined to make earnest efforts for peace, on a bass as modest as I suppose you or I could willingly agree to. I am anxious, therefore, to see this, the legitimate and proper channel, fairly tried and thoroughly exhausted before we take matters in our own hands and inaugurate revolution measures. I earnestly hope, therefore, that Georgia will not set an example which I fear would be fatal to North Carolina. The latter was greatly influenced by the former in the beginning of this revolution, and the secession of the Empire State of Georgia, after mature deliberation, had more influence in determining the fate of North Carolina than any other State in the confederation, except, perhaps, our great northern neighbor, Virginia. Both these latter were exceedingly loath to quit the old Union and embark their sober and cautions people upon the bloody waves of war on the face of such tremendous. They hesitated no longer when our Southern sisters plunged in and cried for help. How they have helped, how they have bled and suffered, none will more cheerfully acknowledge than the people of Georgia, by the side of whose gallant sons their blood has been spilled and their sufferings endured. I appeal to you, then, governor, in all candor and honor, to ask if Georgia should not in this great matter show due deference to the opinions and wishes of her Northern sisters, who moved mainly out of sympathy for those who got first into trouble. I believe she will, hope she will, not only for the sake of the cause, but for the sake of humanity, and that our action to the last may be harmonious, cordial, sympathetic.

Please let me hear your opinions as soon s your convenience may serve, and believe me to be,

Very respectfully and sincerely, yours,

Z. B. VANCE.

WILMINGTON, January 18, 1865.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond:

Major Cameron assures me it is impossible to carry on his department longer without funds. The remittance of the 11th does not relieve him.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

