
brought here a lady refugee, who first gave the information which Hammell did not intend to give, but on being questioned he confirmed what she said. Governor Foote left Occoquan early yesterday morning, and must now be in Richmond. On receiving the above information I sent out Captain Pierson, with thirty well-mounted men, with instructions to bring Mrs. Foote in. He left at 4.30 this p.m. I think the force ample, and it is remarkably well mounted and acquainted with the country. If there had been any hopes of overtaking Governor Foote I should have sent a party with horses to Dumfries by steamer and made a detour into the country toward Fredericksburg. I have still about thirty cavalry that can be used if required.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Defenses South of the Potomac.

HEADQUARTER FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,

DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,

Fairfax Court-House, Va., January 12, 1865-6 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

Reports received from the several posts on the line state all quiet. The following cavalry were sent out an hour ago on scouting duty: 200 from the Thirteenth New York in the direction of Leesburg, via Dranesville, on the Leesburg and Georgetown pike; 200 from the Sixteenth New York, to march by Hunter's Mills, Frying Pan, and Farmwell, to unite with the Thirteenth New York on the pike at the crossing of Goose Creek, and march thence via Leesburg, Mount Gilead, Mountville, returning by Aldie; 400 from the Eighth Illinois, to march, via Warrenton and White Plains, to the vicinity of Middleburg, returning through Hopewell Gap, or in that vicinity. The object is to effectually scour the country and pick up the men furloughed by the enemy to steal horses, that are now reported to me as scattered through the country mentioned.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, January 12, 1865. [Received 8.10 p.m.]

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The marching of the scouting party from the Thirteenth and Sixteenth New York Cavalry, reported in my telegram two hours ago, is postponed until 5 p.m. to-morrow, to accompany a detective officer, on the application of Colonel Gansevoort. The Eighth Illinois had started two hours before this information reached me, otherwise I would have detained that also; but it will not interfere with the other arrangement in a different direction.

WM. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

