
[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY,

Charleston, February 5, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

Contracts have long ago been called for and all accepted which were admissible and of consequence. I cannot recall more than two which were rejected, the price being very great and the quantities very small. If finds can be supplied I have no doubt I can get more by advertising throughout the State and paying the price required. Our indebtedness is about $5,000,000.

H. C. GUERING,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Fourth indorsement.]

BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE,

Richmond, February 13, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War in connection with indorsement of 31st of January on the original of this paper.

His attention is invited to indorsement of chief commissary of subsistence of South Carolina hereon.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS,January 19, 1865.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: With the approbation of the President, I apply for orders to send Butler's division of cavalry (dismounted) to report to General Hardee for service during the winter in South Carolina, to be recalled by my order at such time as I may deem fit for operations here in the spring. I will have the horses foraged in North Carolina, and send General Hampton on to aid in amounting the men in South Carolina and placing them in the field. The Government has been requested to collect horses, which the men will buy at reasonable rates. Transportation has been furnished via Weldon, Wilmington, and Kingsville, and everything is ready.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 19, 1865.

General S. Cooper,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of this date in reference to mine response to the telegram of General Hardee requisiting permission to retain certain members of Anderson's cavalry regiment. You will perceive from my communication of to-day, requesting order for Butler's division to repair to South Carolina, that it has

