
been authorized by the President, and that preparatory measures have been taken for the purpose. I request that the authority asked for by me for the movement of the division may be given as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, January 19, 1865.

Major DUNCAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Nothing of interest to report this morning. One man deserted form Gracie's brigade last night.

The following casualties are respectfully reported, viz: Gracie's brigade, 1 killed; Ransom's brigade, 2 wounded; Elliott's brigade, 1 wounded.

Most respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 8. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 19, 1865.

I. In accordance with instructions from the commanding general, Major General M. C. Butler will proceed to South Carolina. The troops will be conveyed by railroad, via Wilmington, to Columbia, unless travel is interrupted on that route, in which case they will be conveyed by the upper route. General Butler will report his arrival at Columbia to Lieutenant-General Hardee. The men will take with them their arms, their cooking utensils,a nd equipments, and will be prepared for a winter campaign. The houses and transportation of the division will be disposed of in accordance with instructions previously given to General Butler.

II. Hart's battery horse artillery will report to and received orders from Major General W. H. F. Lee.

III. Major General W. H. F. Lee is, in accordance with these instructions from the commanding general, charged with the conduct of the cavalry on the right of the army during the absence of the major-general commanding Cavalry Corps. He will be responsible for the picket-line held by the cavalry, and will carry out orders heretofore announced and now in force. He will assume this command without delay, and will report directly to headquarters Army of Northern Virginia.

By command of Major General Wade Hampton:

H. B. McCLELLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, January 19, 1865.

General BRAGG:

Over $2,800,000 have been sent Major Cameroon since December 2. IN present condition of the Treasury I fear that no more can be sent for some days, probably a week.

A. R. LAWTON.

