
C. S. ARSENAL, Richmond, January 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel B. G. BALDWIN,

Chief Ordnance Officer, A. of N. Va., General Lee's Hdqrs:

COLONEL: We have on hand, ready for issue, twenty-two 12-pounder and eight 24-pounder Coehorn mortars. Where shall they be sent?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. LE ROY BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding C. S. Arsenal.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, January 21, 1865.

Brigadier General W. H. STEVENS,Chief Engineer, Army of Northern Virginia:

The weather is so bad that General Longstreet will not keep his appointment with you this morning. He desires especially to call your attention to the ground in front of Elliott's Salient. and on which he believes the enemy will make their attack. He thinks that arrangements can be made, by altering the position of four guns which are in the bottom near by and making such other changes as will suggest themselves to you on the spot, to have a very effective cross-fire over the whole ground. He wishes you to give this object your most careful and prompt attention and spare no effort to make the salient impregnable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, January 21, 1865.

Major DUNCAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Nothing of interest to report this morning. No casualties have occurred during past twenty-four hours.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 6. Wilmington, January 21, 1865.

The officers and men of the companies recently captured, who were not taken prisoners, and who are not on detached service by orders from district or department headquarters, will report as follows for assignment: Those of the Tenth and Fortieth North Carolina Regiments, First (State) and Third North Carolina Battalions, to their respective regimental or battalion headquarters; those of the Thirty-sixth North Carolina Regiment to the headquarters of the Fortieth North Carolina; those of the Twenty-first and Twenty-fifth South Carolina Regiments to the headquarters of Haggod's brigade; those of Adams' battery to the officer now commanding the same.

By order of General Bragg:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

