HEADQUARTERS MAHONE'S DIVISION, January 23, 1865.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The Honorable James M. Baker and the Honorable A. E. Maxwell, Senators from Florida, inform me that they have, in compliance with the wishes of a large and influential portion of their constituent, made application to Hill Excellency the President of the Confederate States ot have me transferred to the command in Florida, for reasons stated in said application, and being also informed by the said gentlemen that the President has deferred the paper to General R. E. Lee, commanding the Army of Northern Virginia, I have the honor, respectfully, to request that the commanding general suspend action on the application referred to till the return of Major-General Mahone to the command of his division. In the event of my transfer to Florida being favorably considered by the commanding general, I have reason to believe that General Mahone can recommend in the Florida brigade a suitable colonel to command it. I am between fifty-four an fifty-five years of age, and have been in the State and Confederate service about four years, and have not been made at my solicitation, it would be agreeable to me if I could be transferred to a climate more congenial to my health and age, and where my intimate knowledge of the country and people would enable me to render more service than I possibly can do in command of a small brigade.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General.

WILMINGTON, January 23, 1865.

Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh:

Colonel Tait was to leave here for Raleigh to-day. Company D, of macRae's battalion, was captured.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Wilmington, January 23, 1865.

Major J. W. CAMERON,Chief Quartermaster:

MAJOR: The commanding general directs that all cotton going by he Weldon railway, except that which is needed for immediate use by the subsistence department, be transported in the first instance only as far as Magnolia. As a supply for two weeks has already been delivered to the commissary at Weldon, this arrangement will greatly expedite the general removal. You are requested to make such suggestions as may be proper for the protection of the cotton in transitu at Magnolia, and to furnish daily reports of the quantity removed from this place, showing by what roads and distinguishing between Government and private cotton.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

