SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 19. Richmond, January 24, 1865.

* * * * *

XXIX. Lieutenant Colonel John S. Saunders, C. S. Army, will proceed to Raleigh, N. C., and under advisement with Lieutenant-General Holmes make an inspection of the various departments in that State. He is empowered, where light-duty men are on detail [and] are believed on reasonable grounds to be fit for field duty, to have them brought before the nearest hospital or other medical boards for examination.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOWLETT'S, January 24, 1865.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Owing to the grounding of the Virginia, the squadron was unable to pass the obstructions. Late, the Richmond and Drewry grounded under the enemy's batteries; the latter has been destroyed. The others will come off, I think, at high water at 10. The other vessels are above this point.

J. TAYLOR WOOD,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

(Copy to Honorable S. R. Mallory.)

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, January 24, 1865.

Captain S. S. LEE,

Officer of Orders and Detail:

The torpedo gotten afloat early this morning and is now with the fleet near Howlett's. It was the Drewry and not the Nansemond that was blown up. I understand that she was set on fire by the enemy's shells, and that her crew escaped before she blew up. Casualties in the fleet thus far-1 man killed and 8 wounded. All of the vessels are now afloat and under Battery Dantzler; and the flag officer expects to go through the obstructions at high tide to-night. The Fredericksburg was returned nd is now other obstructions little farther down the river. I have silenced Signal Hill battery.

W. L. BRADFORD,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery Semmes.

WILMINGTON, January 24, 1865.

His Excellency Governor VANCE,

Raleigh:

Your note just received, and gives me great relief. Most unpleasant rumors had reached us. When you can be spared from more important labors a visit to this place would be attended with good result. The usual despondency following a disaster is giving place to a better feeling even now.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

