
between the rip and bar. The tug steamers are actively plying in and out and to Confederate Point. I have noticed no movements of troops to-day. In the afternoon to-day the enemy-s pickets only extended on the Telegraph road two miles this side of Smithville. On the river beach, however, they extend higher up toward Battery Lamb. I have not been able to discover the presence of any large force at Smithville yet. An officer sent out to-day may give me more correct information to-night concerning the fleet.

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.

FORT ANDERSON, January 24, 1865-7 p. m.

Captain JAMES:

I have ascertained the country west of Orton Pond, and from the head of Waldron Creek there are roads by which the enemy could strike in above me on the upper Town Creek road. I do not fear any movement in this manner yet.

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.

FORT ANDERSON, January 24, 1865-7.40 p. m.

Colonel ANDERSON:

The officer sent below to-day has just reported. He visited Battery Lamb, and finds that the enemy have destroyed everything there. He reports fourteen armed vessels inside and six between the rip and bar; none of them iron-clads. Also three schooners inside apparently transferring ammunition to steamers. Between the rip and the bar seven schooners of the same kind. No movements of troops anywhere reported to-day.

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Wilmington, January 24, 1865.

OFFICER COMMANDING THE POST OF MAGNOLIA:

SIR: A large quantity of cotton will in a few days be delivered at Magnolia in transitu to other points. The commanding general directs that you give all the aid in your power to the agent in charge in procuring the necessary labor to unload it rapidly and proper storage, and that you cause it to be so carefully guarded as to obviate all danger of fire.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GOLDSBOROUGH, January 24, 1865. (Received 11.40.)

Colonel ARCHER ANDERSON:

Enemy landed 5,000 men and 16 pieces of artillery at Harrellsville yesterday; also, 2,000 infantry, artillery, and cavalry at Colerain; and

