
are marching toward Halifax, toward Ferry, Scotland Neck. I shall move with the 800 or 900 men which I have at once. The movement appears, from my information, a formidable one-I think on Weldon, or in connection with gun-boats to come up the Roanoke.

Respectfully,

L. S. BAKER,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 25, 1865.

To arm and equip an additional force of cavalry there is need of carbines, revolvers, pistols, saddles, and other accouterment of mounted held by citizens in sufficient number to supply our wants. Many keep them as trophies, and some with the expectation of using them in their own defense. But it should be remembered that arms are now required for use, and that they cannot be made so effectual for the defense of the country in any way as in the hands of organized troops. They are needed to enable our cavalry to cope with the well armed and equipped cavalry of the enemy, not only in the general service, but in resisting those predatory expeditions which have inflicted so much loss upon the people of the interior. To the patriotic I need make no other appeal than the wants of the service; but I beg to remind those who are reluctant to part with the arms and equipments in their possession that by keeping them they diminish the ability of the army to defend their property without themselves receiving any benefit form them. I therefore urge all persons not in the service to deliver promptly to some of the officers, designated below, such arms and equipments, especially those suitable for cavalry, as they may have, and to report to those officers the names of such persons as neglect to surrender those in their possession. Every citizen who prevents a carbine or pistol form remaining unused will render a service to his country. While no valid title can be acquired to public arms and equipments, except form the Government, it is reported that many persons have ignorantly purchased them from private parties. a fair compensation will, therefore, by made to all who deliver such arms and equipments to any ordnance officers, officer commanding at a post, officers and agents of the quartermaster and commissary departments, at any station, or officers in the enrolling service, or connected with the niter and mining bureau. All these officers are requested, and those connected with this army are directed, to receive and receipt for all arms and equipments, whatever their condition, and forward the same, with a duplicate receipt, to the Ordnance Department at Richmond, and report their proceedings to these headquarters. The person holing the receipt will be compensated upon presenting it to the Ordnance bureau.

While it is hoped that no one will disregard this appeal, all officers connected with the army are required, and all others are requested to take possession of any public arms and equipments they may find in the hands of persons unwilling to surrender them to the service of the country, and to give receipts thereof. A reasonable allowance for their expenses and trouble will me made to such patriotic citizens as will collect and deliver to any of the officers above designated such arms

