
II. In addition, one furlough will be allowed to e very company having fifty and two to every company having 100 arms-bearing men present for duty.

III. District and division commanders will require such special indorsement on applications under this orders as will insure strict conformity to its letter and spirit, and they are authorized to take final action. But requests for leaves of absence to officers and for furloughs not herein provided for must be forward dot these headquarters.

By order of General Bragg:

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, January 29, 1865.

Brigadier General L. S. BAKER,

Goldsborough:

Dispatch received. General Bragg directs you carry out General Lee's instructions to the best of your ability.

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 30, 1865.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouts report four regiments of Yankee cavalry and two pieces of artillery at Riddell's Shop, on the Charles City road, at noon to-day. At 4 o'clock this afternoon a regiment of cavalry appeared on the Williamsburg road two miles from Bottom's Bridge, driving in our pickets. Scouts have been sent out to ascertain the enemy's position and wheater any infantry move is intended. If no demonstration is being made on the right a division had better be started over to this side.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 30, 1865-10 p. m.

Major General G. E. PICKETT,

Commanding Division:

General Longstreet desires to know if you have heard any unusual noise on the pontoon bridges of the enemy to-day, or know of anything indicating a movement of troops to this side.

R. M. SIMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 30, 1865.

Brigadier General H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Field's Division:

Colonel Haskell has been instructed to call on you for support in case he is heavily pressed by the enemy. You will render him such aid as

