
those who can be temporarily spared, and sending them home to collect absentees and obtain recruits for the companies of your army. So far as the failure in that service is due to the inefficiency of enrolling officers, it would seem probable that good results would follow from the means suggested. I have not heard of General Beauregard's arrival in Georgia, but suppose he is now there, and hope he may be able to obtain a considerable auxiliary force through his influence over the governor, and otherwise. If you can suggest anything additional which would promise in this, our hour of necessity, to increase our means for defense, I would be glad, so far as it devolves upon me, to make the attempt.

With great respect, yours, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 31, 1865.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouts report the enemy's cavalry as having, in all probability, retired to New Market Heights; no infantry appeared.

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell.)
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,January 31, 1865.

Major R. P. DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Brigade commanders report all quiet all along their respective lines during past twenty-four hours. No casualties to report.

Respectfully, &c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,January 31, 1865.

Colonel A. C. HASKELL,

Commanding Gary's Cavalry Brigade:

General Longstreet desires you to take your whole mounted force on a reconnaissance to find out the whereabouts and the objects of the enemy, particularly the force at Riddell's Shop. Be as expedition as possible, and advise us from time to time of all you can learn. Your pickets should be instructed to make the best resistance they can before they allow themselves to be driven off from their posts.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 31, 1865.

His Excellency Z. B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: I ask the liberty of again pressing on your attention the importance of having the gauge of the Piedmont road enlarge to five feet, and I would request your intervention to obtain the legislature

