
RICHMOND, VA., February 2, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

I have heard this evening of conversation among officers at City Point in regard to a movement to be made by the enemy north of the James River, if the weather continue favorable for a few days longer. I have heard nothing of the troops that came over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad having passed down the Potomac, and it is possible that they may be designed for operations in the Valley or to advance east of the Blue Ridge. General Beauregard reached Augusta on the evening of the 1st. General Taylor has forwarded two divisions of the corps which was left with him, and thus re-enforces the army to operate against Sherman. No further departments at Mobile or on the Tennessee River.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 2, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I learn from friends at the South that nothing but the restoration of General Johnston to the command of the Army of Tennessee will restore that army to organization, morale, and efficiency. This is my own opinion also. I hope, therefore, that you will not think it improper in me to beg that this may be one of your first acts as commander-in-chief. If I were not satisfied in my own mind that this was essential to the preservation of that army, I should not volunteer an opinion upon a matter beyond my proper sphere. I have served under General Johnston, and, so far as I am capable of judging, I am satisfied that he is one of our ablest and best generals. He has not been successful, but you can readily see that not general can be successful if he does not receive the support of the authorities above him.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 2, 1865.

Major-General KERSHAW,

Commanding Division:

General Longstreet requests that you direct your pickets to resist and drive back any advance of the enemy other than in large masses.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 2, 1865.

Brigadier General H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Division:

General Longstreet directs that you have the abatis in front of your line on this side of the Williamsburg road completed; it is yet, to a

