
line, is received. I have the honor to state that the line occupied by our forces extends from the Chaffin farm to the Nine-Mile road, and that it will not be necessary for your to man the guns between those points on the intermediate line. It is desirable that you man all or as many as possible of the guns north of the Nine Mile road on the intermediate line. General Pickett's scouts report that artillery and wagons were crossing to this side of the river most of last night, and that about 1,000 troops marched about dark last evening to the rear of Fort Harrison. General Custis Lee has been notified, and we are on the alert.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 3, 1865.

General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Major W. H. Gibbes is, by authority of General Lee, assigned to command at Chaffin's Bluff. He will, of course, report to yourself as in superior charge of that line. Colonel Crutchfield embraces Chaffin's Bluff, I believe, in his command, though I am not sure, as that arrangement has been made since I was there. General Alexander, as chief artillery officer on that line, will have oversight there, as over the other artillery. You will determine, I suppose, what course the reports from Chaffin's shall take. It is, I think, one point of the line commanded by General L. E. Lee. I feel justified in commending Major Gibbes to you as every way reliable. You will see that he is still delicate from effects of a dangerous wound received here on the 30th of last July. You will soon recognize him as a tried soldier. I have recommended him for another star, and hope it may be soon received, as it is well deserved. Major Gibbes will relieve Colonel Hardaway, who will resume the immediate command of his own battalion.

Very respectfully,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 3, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Department of Richmond:

The guards on the roads leading from our lines into Richmond, where they cross the intermediate line of works, have been removed. Can they be replaced by troops from your department, or will it be necessary to make details from our corps? It is very important the posts be maintained.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

