HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 3, 1865.

Major General G. W. C. LEE,

Chaffin's:

General Pickett reports artillery and wagons crossing to this side last night, and about 1,000 infantry moving up to Fort Harrison. You had better be on the alert.

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 3, 1865.

Colonel A. C. HASKELL,

Commanding Gary's Cavalry Brigade.

General Pickett's scouts report artillery, wagons, &amp;c., crossing to this side the river the greater part of last night. You will have your pickets kept on the alert, and be prepared for any movement of the enemy. General Ewell has written to suggest that all of your official papers come through this office, instead of his. This suggestion is approved by General Longstreet, and hereafter you will communicate on all matters of official business with these headquarters direct. Copies of all our general orders will be sent you as soon as they can be made. Applications to visit Richmond will be forwarded each morning for approval, withut which no officer or soldier is authorized to visit Richmond. These applications, if sent separately, will be returned by the same courier. The number will be limited.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,February 3, 1865.

Major DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Two prisoners were taken last night in front of the left of Gracie's brigade and near the right of Ransom's brigade by Captain Moorehead, of the Forty-first Alabama Regiment. The prisoners represent that they had, by agreement and in good faith, come out to trade sugar, coffee, and bear for tobacco. The lines need further repairs of revetments, but are in good defensive condition, and the ditches are in very good order and generally quite dry. Picket-firing was ordered to be renewed on yesterday, but the order seems not to be carried out with spirit. It is regarded as absolutely necessary to keep up picket-firing to prevent interviews with the enemy. One man killed from Elliott's brigade on yesterday.

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

