
[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 21, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War.

It does not appear that any reports or information on this subject have been received at this office, further than the fact reported on the army returns that the brigade has been broken up and distributed, it is presumed by General Early's order, and doubtless by authority of General Lee. The brigade consisted of the Eighth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Regiments, and Thirty-fourth and Thirty-sixth Battalions of cavalry. The Eighth Regiment and Thirty-sixth Battalion appear to be now in Payne's brigade, the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-second Regiments in McCausland's, and the Thirty-fourth Battalion is serving with General Breckinridge. Although inclined myself to entertain the proposition of the Honorable Mr. Caperton, supposing it might, on his representation, conduce to the interests of the service, yet, as these troops are under the orders of General Lee, and as he may have views on the subject which are not known here, I recommend that the case by referred to him for his consideration and action.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

JANUARY 24, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Refer as recommended.

By order:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Acting Secretary of War.

[Fifth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

January 28, 1865.

Respectfully referred to General R. E. Lee.

By command of Secretary of War:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 29. Richmond, February 4, 1865.

* * * * *

XII. Lieutenant Colonel James Howard is relieved temporarily from duty on the inner line Richmond defenses, and will continue in command of the Eighteenth and Twentieth Battalions Virginia Heavy Artillery, in the field. Lieutenant Colonel John W. Atkinson is also relieved from present assignment, and will command the Tenth and Nineteenth Battalions Virginia Heavy Artillery, in the field.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

