
whatever may have been the feelings of some of those gentlemen toward myself, I should not expect much, if any, animadversion with them. Again, Cadwallader could never have written this sentence:

It has been General Butler's misfortune to appoint too many of (these) selfish and irresponsible persons to official positions of trust and responsibility. Their indiscretions have cost him dearly, &amp;c.

Now, as I appointed Cadwallader himself as a lieutenant in the U. S. Volunteers, as I supposed and believed at the wish of General Grant, for the selfish reason on Cadwallader's part that he wished to escape the draft which would take him away from general headquarters as a reporter, and as he is worthy "irresponsible," and as not only I but General Grant is "suffering from his indiscretion," although he had this piece of news in advance of anybody else, I do not believe he would wish to communicate it to the Herald. Now, wasn't the fellow who got up this dispatch a bungler? Again, to put the removal on the ground that I was the last of the "civilian generals" brings an issue between the regulars and volunteers, and I assure you that the person who penned that does not love the general, or else is as stupid as a quartermaster who would let the horses of a whole army starve for want of forage when there is plenty in the country, if he had a little energy to get it, because the Regular Army do not like the general. They did not before the war, and his great success since has not increased their love, and his day of trial is coming, and therefore they seek to throw off those of the volunteers who would be his friends, and it is of no consequence to him whether the injury proceeds from their enmity or incapacity. Now, my dear Rawlins, look after those stupid fellows a little, or they will do mischief to their chief. They have already circulated a story that General Grant has always been opposed to me, and that I have been thrust upon him for political reasons so, if possible, to get a personal issue between me and the general. It will be his fault if that issue comes, not mine; it will be my misfortune, and the work of his subordinates. The navy waits at Beaufort again, and the army waits for them.

Yours, truly,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General no longer.

WASHINGTON, January 13, 1865-2 p.m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Bermuda Hundred:

Brigadier-General Turner has been summoned here by the Committee on the Conduct of the War. You will allow him to come, if in your judgment he can be spared without injury or inconvenience to the public service.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,January 13, 1865-3.30 p.m. (Received 5.10 p.m.)

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

General Turner will start for Washington on the 16th. He cannot be spared before that time.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

