
These remarks apply with equal force to the Mobile district, and in great measure to the other district in the State.

The case may be briefly stated: The Government has lost the confidence of the people and can get no further credit from them, and without money your department must inevitably break down. It is not probable that the authorized issues of the Treasury will ever be sufficient to pay past indebtedness, and cover future purchases; but the people would be satisfied if the certificates of indebtedness held by them to a certain period were made receivable in payment of taxes, and then all funds received by disbursing officer could be used for future purchases. Is such a measure feasible; or is there any near prospect of relief from the present extreme and dangerous embarrassment touching the subsistence of our armies?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. WALKER,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Alabama.

P. S.- I beg to offer the suggestion, that the authority given by the Secretary of War to pay local value till the 1st of February be extended indefinitely, or at all events until the new bacon crop is disposed of.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.] OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY OF NORTH CAROLINA, Greensborough, February 2, 1865.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: My officers are without funds, and their efforts to secure subsistence stores are paralyzed in consequence of same. Producers are refusing to sell, even at market prices, because they say the Government will not pay. Something should be done by the Treasury Department to meet the drafts which have been passed to their credit at the depository at Raleigh, but for which not one cent has been sent forward to meet same. Outside purchasers have money and are buying largely, while our officers and agent have to take a "back seat" and wait the arrival of funds.

JAMES SLOAN,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.] SALT.

The supply of salt has always been sufficient, and the Virginia works were able to meet the demand for the army; but, in view of the possible loss of the country in which they are situated, arrangements were made at the beginning of the war for its supply in different States of the Confederacy, and the supply thus obtained has enabled us to use for the purpose of barter a large quantity received from the Virginia works. The mine in Louisiana and the works in Georgia have been lost by the movements of the enemy. The contract made with Messrs. Stewart, Buchannan &amp; Col, was for 45,000 bushels per month in excess of the estimated demand for the army. This was made in view of the foreseen deficiency of money, to obtain meat by supplying salt for barter. After the contract was made and approved by the honorable Secretary of War, he, in spite of my remonstrances, and, in my judgment,

