
places on the rivers of Virginia and North Carolina, on the Gulf coast, and at Mobile, and have afforded a supply of fish, both fresh and salt. As was anticipated, they have been frequently interrupted by the movements of the enemy, and many of them entirely broken up. Much was expected from those in Florida, if unmolested, and from them some results may yet accrue.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General C. S. Army.

[Indorsement.]

SUBSISTENCE BUREAU,

February 11, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War, in connection with the report of the Commissary-General of the 9th instant.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 12.] BUREAU OF SUBSISTENCE, Richmond, January 12, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence:

COLONEL: Herewith I beg leave to submit for your consideration the following extracts from letters and telegrams received at this bureau from officers of this department in relation to the collection and shipment of corn from the Southern States.

TELEGRAMS.

December 16, 1863, Major Allen, Columbus, Ga.:

Shipping slowly for want of transportation. Have secured eight cars per day. Will now go forward more promptly.

December 18, Major Lowe, Charlotte, N. C.:

Sipped one car-load corn to-day.

December 19, Captain Francis, Augusta, Ga.:

Seven car-loads went forward last night; seven car-loads remain. Will go forward as soon as possible.

December 19, Captain Cunningham, Macon, Ga.:

Fifteen car-loads corn leave here to-day be special messenger. More on the way. Will be forwarded on arrival.

December 23, Captain Francis, Augusta, Ga.:

Twenty-five car-loads corn here will be shipped to-morrow. Cause of delay reported in letter as follows: "But one line of railroad from Augusta, over which two passenger trains per day are run and no freight train no Sunday." Recommending only one passenger train be run per day and freight train on Sunday.

December 24, Captain Francis:

Quartermaster has promised to ship fifty-six car-loads corn this week.

December 29, Captain Francis:

Four thousand three hundred and sixty sacks corn left yesterday for commissary department in Virginia; 1,254 sacks leave to-morrow.

December 26, John S. Cole, special messenger:

Thirteen car-loads corn for commissary department detained here six days waiting transportation.

