
LETTERS.

December 19, Major Lowe, Charlotte, N. C., advises that he had "shipped two car-loads of his own corn, and that three car-loads belonging to commissary department await transportation."

December 18, Major A. M. Allen, Columbus, Ga., states that he "has invoiced 40,000 bushels corn to quartermaster at Macon" and has "sent competent parties to put it through. Great difficultly in securing cars from Augusta. Fifteen car-loads corn went forward last night from Americas for Major Claiborne; fifteen cars loaded will go to-day from Montgomery and Marshallsville. Shipped to-day 1,000 sacks to Major C.; on the 20th will ship 2,000 sacks more from here; also shipped 1,000 bushels peas to Major C."

December 16, Major Allen:

Transportation agents lean to quartermaster's and not subsistence department. Have arranged for eight cars per day, &amp;c.

December 29, H. Cranston, Augusta, Ga.:

From 21st to 28th instant 4,888 sacks corn went forward.

From the foregoing you will note that the movement of corn for this department has been large and continued actively during the month of December, yet I am compelled to announce the surprising and unaccountable fact that notwithstanding the shipments enumerated, this department has received no corn from the South during the past thirty days.

this condition of affairs has left us without any supply for the daily wants of the troops in this State, to say nothing of the necessity of reserving flour to be converted into hard bread for active movements during the spring campaign, which, under existing circumstances, is impracticable, as our limited stock of flour on hand will be entirely consumed to meet immediate wants, and with little or no prospect of further accumulations this season. Foreseeing, from the shortness of the wheat crop of 1863, that sufficient flour could not be collected for our wants during 1864, I addressed you a letter on the 3rd September last, in which the need of corn was stated and showing that a deficiency of nearly 50,000 bushels existed between the amount shipped by Major Allen, at Columbus, Ga., and that received by Major Claiborne, at Richmond, which up to this time has never been accounted for.

Early in December I advised you that we were not receiving corn enough for the wants of General Lee's army, regardless of other and equally pressing demands upon us for subsistence, and stating that there was an ample supply of corn in the country, if it were rendered available by reforms in the management of transportation. On the 17th December I again addressed you a letter stating that the receipts of grain in Virginia were reduced to nothing, and that we must rely wholly upon the South for our supplies, and recommending that Captain Welford be sent to Georgia to expedite matters and that the Secretary of War give precedence in transportation to supplies for this department while the emergency existed. Captain Welford proceeded to Georgia, and the activity that succeeded his efforts in that State can be viewed in the large movement of grain toward Augusta, which seems to have been "swallowed up" somewhere between that point and Richmond, for we have but little trace of it. On the 9th instant I advised you that all the corn arriving here was way-billed to Major Maynard, and was being appropriated by the Quartermaster's Department with-

