
out regard to the marks which indicated that it was destined for the Subsistence Department, there being no other method under existing regulations of distinguishing it; and on the same date (9th January) urging that it was of vital importance that there should be an immediate reduction in the number of passenger trains, so that the railroads could give their fully capacity to the movement of freight trains, which, if not increased, it seemed to me impossible that our armies in this State could be fed.

I have been thus particular in giving a partial review of the operations of this department in relation to the collection of breadstuffs, that it might be seen that the difficulties of collecting grain were appreciated, and could not be removed while our railroads failed to transport Government supplies in preference to increasing their receipts by running two passenger trains per day. The wants of the department in this State have been fully made known to Major A. M. Allen, commissary of subsistence at Columbus, Ga., who replied that the amount of corn required, 75,000 bushels per month, could be furnished by him; and nothing remained in the way of our success but the obstacle of transportation, which, if the proper steps be taken, I feel assured that our condition can be immeasurably improved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. FRENCH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

P. S. - Since writing the foregoing, a report has been received from the chief commissary of Alabama, dated January 4, 1864, in which the supply of corn and peas is stated to be abundant.

RICHMOND, January 17, 1864.

Only 1,000 bushels of the corn referred to has arrived to this date, and the receipts at this place compared with the invoices from Columbus, Ga., show a deficit of between 80,000 and 90,000 bushels, 50,000 bushels of this quantity having been shipped since December 1, 1863.

S. B. F.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Secretary of War in connection with my report of 9th instant. Many instances have occurred during the year and reports made on them now on record. Only recently stores were burnt at Charlotte because not removed. Between here and Wilmington recently there have been great delays in moving supplies, and the stores now at Charlotte are liable to loss for want of transportation.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosure Numbers 13.] CHARLOTTE, February 8, 1865.

Major S. B. FRENCH:

Unless transportation facilities are increased, much subsistence will be lost.

E. M. LOWE,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

