
present, with the Army of Northern Virginia. The stated and regular returnees and reports of each army and department will be forwarded, as heretofore, to the office of the Adjutant and Inspector General.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE VIRGINIA,February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General J. LONGSTREET,

Commanding, &amp;c., North Side:

GENERAL: From the description I have received from General Stevens of the line of picket-posts from Battery Field to Elliott's Salient, they would seem to offer to the enemy an invitation to advance his picket-line to the position we occupy. I understand the enemy's picket-line on this front is continuous, and, of course, capable of holding a full skirmish line. Should he make a rush upon our picket-posts during the darkness of night they could be easily taken, and before morning be converted into a continuous line similar to his own, from which it would be difficult to drive them, and would bring them that much nearer to our main line. I may have conceived a wrong idea from the description given me, and I wish you to examine this line of picket-posts, and if my notion of them is correct, to cause them on this front to be remodeled, so as to prevent the evil that might occur.

I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,February 9, 1865.

Major R. P. DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have nothing of interest to report this morning. The following casualties have occurred since last report: Gracie's brigade, one killed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., February 10, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Armies C. S. A.:

SIR: Your of yesterday received. I have not failed to appreciate the burden already imposed on you as too heavy to enable an ordinary man to bear an additional weight. Your patriotic devotion I knew would prompt you to attempt anything which was possible, if it promised to be beneficial to the country. The honor designed to be bestowed has been so fully won that the fact of conferring it can add nothing to your fame. The knowledge of the activity of the enemy has prevented me from asking you to come here for a conference, which I desire to have with you, and which, when circumstances will permit, I hope you will come here to hold.

With sincere regard, I am, as ever, your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

