HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,Near Wilmington, January 13, 1865. (Received 2.15 a.m.)

Brigadier General H. L. ABBOT:

GENERAL: I am very anxious to get at least two 30-pounders on shore at the earliest possible moment; they are necessary to protect our left from the enemy's steamers in the river. Can you not shift your ammunition to-night so as to get at the guns. I suppose you have boats of your own sufficient for this, but I have asked the admiral to help you. I wish you would also get your wagons and mules on shore early in the morning if the weather will permit. The proper place for landing is far below where the troops landed. It is at least half a mile below, where you will see a cluster of tents near the old battery.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., January 13, 1865.

(Received 3.20 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The following is the last information that I have been able to obtain from General Crook in reference to the Beverly affair:

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 13, 1865-12 m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

The following just received from Colonel Wilkinson at Clarksburg:

"Do not expect to hear from Beverly before noon or evening. Stragglers are coming into Buckhannon and Philippi, and all report it as a complete surprise. The Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, or a portion of it, rallied and fought hard. The rebels burned the bridge at Beverly. Will send a written report as soon as something tangible can be got at; just now all is confused.

CROOK,

Major-General.

The attack, according to telegram of yesterday, was made by about 700 rebels. There were two regiments at Beverly, viz, Thirty-fourth Ohio Infantry and Eighth Ohio Cavalry, both strong regiments. I advised General Crook some time ago to break up the post at Beverly; it is of no use, and is a bait for the enemy, both from position and gross carelessness, and want of discipline on the part of the troops. I will start to-morrow on an inspecting tour through West Virginia; I want to see for myself. I can get no reports from the department.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., January 13, 1865.

(Received 9.50 a.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The cavalry that I sent out returned at 5 this morning with Mrs. Governor Foote, who is now here. She says her husband forwarded his resignation to the rebel congress, and stated that his design was to go to Washington and make to this Government certain representations which he hoped and believed would go far toward ending

