
They cannot barter manhood for peace nor the right of self-government for life of property.

But justice to them requires a sterner admonition to those who have abandoned their comrades in the honor of peril.

A last opportunity is afforded them to wipe out the disgrace and escape the punishment of their crimes.

By authority of the President of the Confederate States, a pardon is announced to such deserters and men improperly absent as shall return to the commands to which they belong within the shortest possible time, not exceeding twenty days from the publication of this order, at the headquarters of the department in which they may be.

Those who may be prevented to interruption of communications, may report within the time specified to the nearest enrolling officer or other officer on duty, to be forwarded as soon as practicable, and, upon presenting a certificate from such officer showing compliance with the requirement, will receive the pardon hereby offered.

Those who have deserted to the service of the enemy, or who have deserted after having been once pardoned for the same offense, and those who shall desert or absent themselves without authority after the publication of this order, are excluded from its benefits. Nor does the offer of pardon extend to other offenses than desertion and absence without permission.

By the same authority it is also declared that no general amnesty will again be granted, and those who refuse to accept the pardon now offered, or who shall hereafter desert or absent themselves without leave, shall suffer such punishment as the courts may impose, and no application for clemency will be entertained.

Taking new resolution from the fate which our enemies intend for us, let every man devote all his energies to the common defense.

Our resources, wisely and vigorously employed, are ample, and wit a brave army, sustained by a determined and united people, success with God's assistance cannot be doubtful.

The advantages of the enemy will have but little value if we do not permit them to impair our resolution. Le us then oppose constancy to adversity, fortitude to suffering, and courage to danger, with the firm assurance that He who gave freedom to our fathers will bless the efforts of their children to preserve it.

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFD. STATES, Numbers 3. February 11, 1865.

The discipline and efficiency of the army have been greatly impaired by men leaving their proper commands to join others in which the service is more agreeable. This practice is almost as injurious in its consequences as the crime of desertion, and the articles of war expose the offender to similar punishment, and subject the officer receiving him to dismissal from the army. It is therefore declared that the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 2, of this date, from army headquarters, apply to such men as have left their proper commands and joined others without being regularly transferred, who will receive the pardon promised by that order upon complying with its conditions or suffer the consequences attached to neglecting it. The names of such absentees will be forthwith reported to these headquarters by the officers with whom

