
of the Thirty-seventh Battalion, has ordered it to Gayton, and states that it is detached from my command. Colonel Dunn is under grave charges, and I have ordered him to Staunton for trial. You know the character of this officer and the object he has in view. I wish you would write to General Lee on the subject, if you think proper, and protest against this order. I have ordered the Thirty-seventh to Alleghany City. Rosser states that Jackson's brigade has been ordered to report to him to form a part of his division. This is my best brigade, and I hope if I am to lose a portion of my command that I be allowed to select the brigade. I inclose letters from Jackson and Claiborne.* Please communicate with me at Hanover Junction, that I amy take steps to protect myself. If my command is to be broken up without consulting me, I had better leave it. As soon as I can I will see General Lee on the subject. I feel confident that it is not your wish to deprive me of my command. I do not believe it will be for the interests of the service to take Jackson's brigade and the Thirty-seventh from my division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. L. LOMAX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 15, 1865.

General R. L. LEE,

Richmond:

Our pickets report that a long train of artillery or wagons, requiring an hour to pass one point, moved to our right this morning in the direction of the river. The enemy have been unusually noisy to-day.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 15, 1865.

Brigadier General M. W. GARY,

Commanding Cavalry:

It is reported by a deserter this morning that three regiments of Yankee cavalry started from the James River for the White House day before yesterday. You will please antevert inform yourself of the truth of this report.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,February 15, 1865-7 p. m.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: The note from General Ransom's headquarters in relation to movements of troops is received. It there is an accumulation of force on this flank by the enemy, with a view to serious move against

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

