
the war. This resignation was to take effect on the 31st of December, and it was designed that it should not reach Congress until he had arrived in Washington. He reached Occoquan without a pass-Mrs. Foote, however, had one-and was detained there about thirty-six hours by high water. In the meantime his absence had become known at Richmond, and an order was issued directing his arrest. Patrols were sent to all the fords accordingly. Mr. Foote had valuable papers which he designed to present to the Government; also a letter to Secretary Seward; all these papers were upon Mrs. Foote's person, and when the guard commenced searching his person she destroyed them. They left her with the pledge that she would not leave Occoquan until to-morrow (Saturday). She now fears that her being here will be used to the injury of her husband, but I have notified her that to avoid any such consequence she can be regarded as a prisoner and as not coming here voluntarily. I have provided comfortable quarters for her at a hotel.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Defenses South of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., January 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Washington:

I have the honor to report all quiet along the line of my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,January 13, 1865.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send the transportation of the Second Division of your corps, ammunition train, ambulance train, and two batteries of artillery, all intact and under a good and faithful officer, to Frederick, Md., there to be held until otherwise ordered. The quartermaster and commissary of subsistence at Frederick will furnish the necessary shelter and subsistence for the men and animals. One regiment of cavalry will be detailed to escort them to Harper's Ferry; from there to Frederick they will not require one.

Yours, respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, January 13, 1865.

General EMORY,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you send one battery of artillery to report for duty to General Fessenden, commanding, Winchester.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

