HEADQUARTERS,February 21, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The chief ordnance officer of this army reports 10,000 arms on hand available for the purpose you mention.

R. E. LEE,

By W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 21, 1865.

Brigadier General I. M. ST. JOHN,

Commissary-General, Richmond:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 20th instant received, I am much gratified to learn that you are taking such prompt and vigorous measures to procure supplies for the army, and cannot permit myself to doubt that our people will respond to your appeal, when they reflect upon the alternatives presented to them. They have simply to choose whether they will contribute such commissary and quartermaster's stores as they can possibly spare to support an army that has borne and done so much in their behalf, or retain these stores to maintain the army of the enemy engaged in their subjugation. I am aware that a general obligation of this nature rests lightly upon most men, each being disposed to leave its discharge to his neighbor. I am confident that our citizens will appreciate their responsibility in this case and will not permit an army which, by God's blessing and their patriotic support, has hitherto resisted the efforts of the enemy to suffer through their neglect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 34. Richmond, February 21, 1865.

* * * * *

XXVI. Major W. B. Myers, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from further service in the Department of Southwestern Virginia and East Tennessee, and is assigned to duty with Major General John B. Gordon, commanding, &amp;c., Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia, and will report accordingly.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,

February 21, 1865.

Major R. P. DUNCAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy appears to be strengthening his picket-line on the left of Ransom, perhaps to make it continuous. Ten men of Com-

