
pany G, Forty-ninth North Carolina Regiment, went to the enemy, Captain Rives and Private Strain, Fifty-ninth Alabama Regiment, deserted to the enemy, and two men of Elliott's brigade, one of Gracie's brigade, wounded be fragment of shell, painfully. The enemy commenced shelling about midday yesterday, throwing the first shell, which fell on Gracie's right. After a few shots from the enemy our batteries replied. The firing extended to Gracie's Salient. More picket-firing than usual on the left of Wallace's brigade last night; perhaps induced by the fire of our men.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, February 22, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have just received your letter of the 21st. I concur fully as to the necessity of defeating Sherman. I hope that General Beauregard will get his troops in hand at least before he can cross the Roanoke. If any additions can be south of that stream. The troops in the Valley are scattered for subsistence, nor can they be concentrated for the want of it. the infantry force is very small; at the commencement of winter I think it was reported under 1,800. That in West Virginia you know more about than I do, and there are only two regiments in Western North Carolina. These united would be of some assistance. At the rate that Beauregard supposes Sherman will march, they could not be collected at Greensborough in time; still, I hope to make some use of them. But you may expect Sheridan to move up the Valley and Stoneman from Knoxville as Sherman draws near the Roanoke. What then will become of those sections of country? I know of no other troops that could be given to Beauregard. Bragg will be forced back by Schofield, I fear, and until I abandon James River nothing can be sent from this army. Grant, i think, is now preparing to draw out by his left, with the intent of enveloping me. He may wait till his other columns approach nearer, or he may be preparing to anticipate my withdrawal. I cannot tell yet. I am endeavoring to collect supplies convenient to Burkeville. Every thing of value should be removed from Richmond. It is of the first importance to save all powder. The cavalry and artillery of the army are stills catered, for want of provender, and our supply and ammunition trains, which ought to be with the army in case of a sudden movement, are absent collecting provisions and forage-some in West Virginia and some in North Carolina. You will see to what straits we are reduced; but I trust to work out.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,

February 22, 1865.

The spirit which animates our soldiers, and the natural courage with which they are so liberally endowed, have led to a reliance upon their

