
1,000-could parade within half an hour's notice. The officer charged with attending to removal of tobacco, &amp;c., is out with the orders, which I will send. Inclosed is the only one here at this time.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant-General EWELL, Commanding Department of Richmond:

GENERAL: The commanding general bids me to send you a copy of the order alluded to in my dispatch of yesterday, with the request that you carry it out in the city of Richmond, as he thinks the emergency specified has arisen. All cotton and tobacco which the owners cannot remove must be destroyed. This, of course, does not include the French tobacco.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. VENABLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,February 25, 1865.

Major R. P. DUNCAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.:

MAJOR: I have nothing to report this morning of unusual interest. One officer of Ransom's brigade killed and 10 men of Gracie's wounded. Sixteen of Elliott's, 5 of Ransom's, among them First Lieutenant Halsey, of Company D, Twenty-fifth North Carolina Regiment, and 3 of Wise's brigade, deserted to the enemy.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

SUNDAY, February 26, 1865-1 p. m.

[General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:]

GENERAL: I hope to quarter the return prisoners at the Winder Hospital, where is room for some thousands. Major General Custis Lee has been telegraphed at Chaffin's to look after those that may be en route from Varina, and two officers are engaged at this end of the road. Every means will be used to help them. I inclose a copy of General Lee's order in reference to cotton and tobacco. I saw the common council of the city, and explained it to them. No one expects immediate execution of the order who is at all concerned. I have seen to-day a member of the council, who assured me that this was their understanding. I visited the warehouses where the leaf tobacco is stored, and which can be burned without delay when necessary. To destroy the manufactured tobacco, will require preparation and some days to collect it.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S. Your letter of yesterday reached me at 12 m. to-day.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

