
XIV. The four companies of Virginia Reserves commanded by Major George Chisman will constitute a battalion, to be designated as the Seventh Battalion Virginia Reserves.

XV. The four companies of Virginia Reserves commanded by Major - Miller will constitute a battalion, to be designated as the Eighth Battalion Virginia Reserves.

XVI. The four companies of Virginia Reserves commanded by Major A. Taylor will constitute a battalion, to be designated as the Ninth Battalion Virginia Reserves.

XVII. The five companies of Virginia Reserve commanded by Major W. W. Byrd will constitute a battalion, to be designated as the Tenth Battalion Virginia Reserves.

XVIII. The five companies of Virginia Reserves commanded by Major S. M. Wallace will constitute a battalion, to be designated as the Eleventh Battalion Virginia Reserves.

XIX. The ten companies of Virginia Reserves commanded by Colonel R. T. Preston will constitute a regiment, to be designated as the Fourth Regiment Virginia Reserves.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 27, 1865.

Major General G. W. C. LEE,

Commanding Division:

Your communication of the 25th instant submitting statement of the length of parapet and picket-line held by your command and in reference to desertions has been received. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say in reply that the picket-line on the right can be held by a very few men-one or town men in each pit would suffice. He will, however, examine fully into the subject,with a view to seeing what can be done. Great care should be taken to have all of the subordinate officers use every exertion to prevent desertion among their men. When they find excuses for it they are not very likely to exert themselves to prevent it. Desertions on the left of our line take place from the same cause existing on the right.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 27, 1865.

Major General FITZHUGH LEE,

Commanding Cavalry:

Colonel Bass, commanding Texas brigade, has just reported that a party of forty-five of the enemy's cavalry came to the French house last night, and went from there along the picket-line recently occupied by Bratton's brigade, on the left of Field's line, between French's house and the Williamsburg road. They stated to the family at the French house that they flanked our cavalry at Hanover bridge, on the Nine Mile road, and passed on to the Seven Mile road, and thence through

