
I have sent in to Colonel Brown to know what he can give me to replace the 3-inch, if you still desire the exchange. I don't want Parrotts (would rather have mountain howitzers,) and prefer 12-pounder howitzers to Napoleons, of which I have enough. It will also be dangerous to take my guns from the lines while awaiting even the unavoidable and especially the probable delay.

Cannot the horse artillery be ordered to provide themselves with 12-pounder howitzers, and report to me to be directed where to exchange them for 3-inch rifles? Please reply to me by telegraph, care of General Longstreet, if you wish the exchange to go on as you have directed in you note.

Very respectfully, yours,

E. P. ALEXANDER,

Brigadier-General of Artillery.

PROVOST-MARSHAL:

1. General Orders, Numbers 4, require that notice be given to the owners of property embraced in the act of Congress of 12th March, 1862, regulating the destruction of property under military necessity, so that they may provide for its safety. You will cause such a notice to be given to the owners of tobacco, cotton, military and naval stores, and other property which would be of any use to the enemy in the case of the evacuation of the opportunity offered.

2. You will take measures to afford the necessary facilities for this purpose and give notice of them.

3. Small lots of tobacco and other articles necessary to purchase family supplies should not be interfered with when they are held in private stores, say ten boxes of tobacco, five bales of cotton, and other reasonable stores.

4. If the owners still refuse you can have the property removed to some place agreed upon by the military authorities where destruction can take place without damage to the city.

5. Such portions of the property as are not removed and that is exposed may be impressed for the public service, if there be any want for such property by any of the supply departments.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 28, 1865.

To prevent confusion and cross purpose, referred to Lieutenant-General Ewell, in charge.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,February 28, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major Carrington for his information and guidance.

By order of Lieutenant-General Ewell:

T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

