
Page give an order by which corn can be secured? At present we draw rations for the men from Drewry's but the commissary says he will be unable to furnish us longer. to whom shall we look when we fail in that direction? My men are suffering for shoes and clothing, and I failed to get any in Richmond. The clothes drawn for a us by the Second Corps, have been issued to those present with the same we have been regarded as outsiders, so my quartermaster informs me. Please give me instructions as to how to act in regard to my quartermaster and commissary departments. Lieutenant English, my ordnance officer, is supplying my wants in his department as rapidly as possible, and in a few days I hope to have all the essential equipments. He goes up to-day to see Colonel Baldwin. I have directed Captain Forbes to report to you for instructions. When I last saw you, you proposed going to see General Lee to learn his intentions in regard to my command. If you know anything definite as to what will be done with it, oblige me by informing me, unless it is contraband, as I am exceedingly anxious to know for many reasons. Colonel Carter will be here on Tuesday next.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CARTER M. BRAXTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 4, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MARSHALL,

General R. E. Lee's Headquarters Richmond:

General Grant has just telegraphed General Gibbon to say that he will send his reply as early as possible, but that he may not be able to do so to-day.*

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel SAMUEL R. JOHNSTON,

Engineer Officer:

General Longstreet desires you to proceed at once to have all of the chevaux-de-frise placed in position. Major Taylor will furnish you the necessary transportation on application to him. all of your negro labor can be used for that purpose.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 5, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I presume that enough of Sheridan's movements is developed to indicate that he is to unite his forces with the enemy around Richmond. I

---------------

*For correspondence between Generals Lee and Grant, see pp. 824, 825.

---------------

81 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

