HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,March 6, 1865.

Major R. P. DUNCAN:

MAJOR: I have to report two desertions from Ransom's and three from Elliott's brigade to the enemy. a deserter from the enemy states that the troops, commencing at the Appomattow, are posted as follows: The Eighteenth Croops, Ninth Sixth, and Second, and that the Ninth and Sixth have one division in front and two in reserve, and that the Eighteenth, also, perhaps, two divisions in reserve. He also states that four nights ago the Ninth Corps was under marching orders but did not move. Two batteries moved toward our right night before last, and that for a week troops have been moving up from City Point to our right. Officer of the day reports that on yesterday two trains passed toward City Point heavily loaded with troops.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 7, 1865.

His Excellency WILLIAM SMITH,

Governor of Virginia:

SIR: I have to request that you will, if practicable, furnish a force at least 5,000 men, to relieve a division of the C. S. Army now on the intrenched line covering this city. General Lee desires immediately to withdraw that division for operations in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

RICHMOND, March 7, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

General Early reports enemy at Charlottesville divided his forces yesterday, and one part moved toward Lynchburg, the other down the Rivanna. He is probably going to Scottsville or Columbia, and may be making for south side of the James River. Will you have the different bureaus notified that they may save their property. Lomax is at Lynchburg, and all troops under Generals, H. H. Walker and Echols have been sent there. Fitz Lee is ordered up the James with all his cavalry. The want of forage and provisions paralyzes us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 7, 1865-10 a. m.

The different bureaus have been notified.

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War.

JOHN W. RIELY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

