
HOUSE OF DELEGATES,

March 7, 1865.

Honorable JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The inclosed resolution was adopted by the House of Delegates upon the representation made of the great injury and wanton destruction of property in all parts of this commonwealth traversed by the wagon trains in procuring supplies for the army. I am instructed by the committee to ask an interview at such time and place as shall be agreeable and may suit your convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. TOMLIN,

Chairman of the Committee.

[Inclosure.]

Resolved, That a select committee be appointed with instructions to urge upon the Secretary of War the adoption of such regulations or measures as will protect from destruction the inclosures and property of the people of the commonwealth by wagon-masters and others connected with the army.

Agreed to by House of Delegates March 7, 1865.

WM. F. GORDON, JR.,

Clerk House of Delegates.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 18, 1865.

Respectfully referred to General Lee, and commended to his special consideration.

The committee represent the matters herein referred to as very grievous, and as calling for special and guarded regulations. It is referred for whatever action the facts may warrant.

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,March 27, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Corley, with the request that he will do everything in his power to prevent the depredations complained of.

Orders on the subject have been renewed, and I should be glad of any suggestions on the subject. Commanders of trains must be held strictly responsible for the conduct of their men.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Third indorsement.]

MARCH 28, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The evil complained of can be put an end t if citizens will report the person offending and put themselves to the trouble of giving evidence in the case. Something ago I published a notice in the Richmond

