
them as usual. The iron-clads fired nearly all day yesterday, and the fort bears many scars, but I cannot tell how much harm was done. We suffered no loss whatever.

Most truly, yours,

DAVID S. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

I think small-arm ammunition is wanted, as some was wet in landing; provisions also. We cannot average more than two days a week in which anything can be landed safely.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY FORCES, No. 4. Before Wilmington, N. C., January 14, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Abbot is announced as chief of artillery and Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Comstock, aide-de-camp, as chief engineer of this expedition, and they will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Bvt. Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EXPEDITIONARY FORCES, No. 4. Before Wilmington, N. C., January 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General Ames and Paine, commanding divisions, will at once organize a pioneer company of 100 privates and non-commissioned officers for each division. Such officers will be selected as are specially fitted for the engineer duty which they will have to perform, and the men should be mechanics. These pioneer companies will have the superintendence of engineer work done by the divisions to which they belong. The officers commanding these companies will have charge of all tools and engineer material in their divisions, whether in use or not, giving receipts for all property received by them, and keeping i tin depot, under their own control, at all times when not in use by working parties. Such parties will call on them for tools, and return them when the tour of duty is over. The chief engineer will give such instructions to these officers as he deems necessary.

By order of Bvt. Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAG BATTERY SIGNAL STATION,

January 14, 1865.

General ABBOT:

We have got a rebel boat in the Cape Fear River. It is of the utmost importance that we have some guns there to give her a place of refuge from the Chickamauga. What is the prospect of getting some of yours on shore?

TERRY,

General.

9 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

