
The necessity of replying promptly to your letter, to enable you to make the use of my answer, which you desire, prevents me going into detail and compels me to be brief.

With sentiments of great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,March 9, 1865.

General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

General Rosser reports that on the 6th [5th], with a few of his men, he attacked the enemy near Harrisonburg, who were guarding prisoners taken at Waynesborough, and captured a few prisoners. ON the morning of 7th again attacked near Rude's Hill. Having detained them for a day and night at the river, he caused them to retire in haste, abandoning the only piece of artillery they had and their ambulance. He annoyed them a great deal, and enabled good many of our men to escape.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to forward a statement of desertions which have occurred in Field's and Kershaw's divisions from the 23rd of February to the 8th of March, inclusive.

Field's division: Bratton's brigade, 63; Benning's brigade, 7; Law's brigade, 7; Anderson's brigade, 26; Texas brigade, 3; total, 106.

Kershaw's division: Du Bose's brigade, 4; Humphreys' brigade, 1; Bryan's brigade, 24; total, 29; aggregate, 135.

General Pickett was directed to forward his report of desertions direct to you, in order to avoid the delay of one day which would have been caused by its passage through this office.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 9, 1865.

Brigadier General E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Artillery, First Corps:

Will you please make arrangements to light up the front of our lines, in case of a night attack by the enemy, by these of fire-balls, or such other means as your ingenuity may suggest.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

