
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General I. M. ST. JOHN,

Commissary-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: From my recent connection with the bureau, my information upon the points suggested by you is limited, and confined to what is available for the subsistence of General Lee's army and the expression of an opinion as to the results of the voluntary contributions in Virginia.

As to the first, all of the details which have come to may knowledge have been, handed to Major Noland, chief commissary of subsistence of Virginia, except the information received on the 9th instant from Captain Orr, assistant commissary of subsistence at Bristol, as to what was available in East Tennessee. From 4,000,000 to 8,000,000 rations of flour, and almost 5,000,000 rations of meal, he reported as available at once, with three conditions: First, military protection; second, transportation; third, cotton yarns, tobacco, or special.

I feel assured that, with the control of $500,000 in coin and the maintenance of our present railroad lines, General Lee's army can be fed. With regard to the probable amount of supplies from voluntary contributions, all reports have been most cheering and satisfactory; all of the stations along the lines of the Virginia Central, Danville, and South Side, or Virginia and Tennessee railroads are rapidly filing up with flour, meal, corn and bacon.

In time, I express my deliberate opinion that the question of feeding the Army of Northern Virginia, in its present positions, depends upon a judicious management of transportation and the control by this bureau of one-half a million of dollars in coin, together with $150,000 per day in Treasury notes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. WILLIAMS.

OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY FOR VIRGINIA,

Richmond, Va., March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General I. M. ST. JOHN,

Commissary-General of Subsistence, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The information that I can give you with regard to the resources of the department for the subsistence of the armies located in Virginia and North Carolina must necessarily be of a general character; still have gained some information in hurried trip to Greensborough, N. C. Our lines have been much contracted lately, but if maintained as at present, I feel well assured that there is most ample supply to sustain the armies. To obtain them is, in my opinion, the only question presented to our department. The difficulties are great, but can be overcome. Energetic action in transportation and earnest effort in the collection of supplies will avail much, but the officers must be supplied with means; currency and gold in abundance will only produce abundant supply. The appeals made to the people will be most generously responded to by the patriotic portion of the population and the result will be, in my opinion, most cheering and surprising; but still there will be a large accumulation that can only be reached by gold. The hoarders are surfeited with paper money, and these stores can only be obtained by the use of gold or the bayonets of the enemy.

