
rank. When was it forwarded? I suppose in the absence of the assignment you do not desire to have General Madill ordered to report to General Miles, as requested in General Miles' letter, forwarded by you the 31st ultimo.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, January 2, 1865.

(Received 10.30 p. m.)

General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I find that Brevet Brigadier-General Madill's name was not included in the list of those brevet officers who had commands equal to their brevet rank, and respecting whom a request was made that they should be assigned to duty according to that rank. I will send up a communication to-morrow requesting that General Madill be assigned to duty according to his brevet rank, and be ordered to report to the commander of the First Division, Second Army Corps, for assignment to command.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Before Petersburg, Va., January 2, 1865.

* * * * * *

6. The commanding officers of the First and Second Divisions will each detail a suitable officer to have charge of the intrenchments of their respective divisions, whose duty it will be to see that they are at all times kept in good repair. The officers detailed, besides reporting to and receiving the directions of their division commander, will report the condition of the intrenchments to the engineers officer in charge of the intrenchments of the army, Captain Howell, U. S. Engineers.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 2, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN:

As the cavalry are out of forage, the commanding general directs that your order your chief quartermaster to cause 100,000 pounds of grain to be transferred to the chief quartermaster of the Second Cavalry Division. It is probable that the grain will be returned to-morrow.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

