
FARMVILLE, March 15, 1865.

(Received 1.50.)

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

There are 309 men of General Walker's command at the High Bridge. In addition to these troops there are at that place 400 men of Echols' brigade, under command of Colonel Edgar, together with 100 artillery armed with muskets.

R. B. MARYE,

Major and Quartermaster.

BROOK ROAD, March 15, 1865.

(Received 5.30 p. m.)

Major BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Longstreet reports that at 2 p. m. to-day the enemy still occupied Ashland; that he thinks their force is moving to the right.

Respectfully,

N. H. HARRIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS PICKETT'S DIVISION,March 15, 1865-9 o'clock.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I send in a courier to find out whether Fitz Lee's cavalry are across the James and en route for this point. We need them very much. General Longstreet wishes them sent on the once. If you have a fresh courier will you be kind enough to send him out with information of Fitz Lee and anything else of importance. We are at Anderson's, just beyond the crossing of the Chickahominy. Enemy were in Ashland last night with about 1,000 men; no artillery or wagons.

I am, general, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

CAMP FORTY-NINTH GEORGIA REGIMENT,

Near Petersburg, Mach 15, 1865.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The undersigned, commissioned officers of this regiment, having maturely considered the following plan for recruiting this regiment, and having freely consulted with the enlisted men, who almost unanimously agree to it, respectfully submit it, through you, to the commanding general for his consideration:

First. That our companies be permitted to fill up their ranks with negroes to the maximum number under the recent law of Congress.

Second. That the negroes in the counties of George which our companies hail from be conscribed in such numbers and under such regulations as the War Department may deem proper.

Third. That after the negroes have been so conscribed, an officer or enlisted man from each company be sent home to select from the negro

