
conscripts such who may have owners or may belong to families of whom representatives are in the company, or who, from former acquaintance with the man, may be deemed suitable to be incorporated in those companies.

For the purpose of carrying out more effectually and promptly the plan as indicated under the third head, it is respectfully suggested that each man in the regiment be required to furnish a list of relatives, friends, or acquaintances in his county of whom it is likely that negroes may be conscribed, so as to facilitate the labors of the officer or man who may be detailed to bring the negroes to the regiment.

When in former years, for pecuniary purposes, we did not consider it disgraceful to labor with negroes in the field or at the same work bench, we certainly will not look upon it in any other light at this time, when an end so glorious as our independence to be achieved. We sincerely believe that the adoption throughout our army of the course indicated in the above plan, or something similar to it, will insure a speedy availability of the negro element in our midst for military purposes and create, or rather cement, a reciprocal attachment between the men now in service and the negroes highly beneficial to the service, and which could probably not be otherwise obtained.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants, J. T. Jordan, colonel; J. B. Duggan, major; M. Newman, adjutant; L. E. Veal, first lieutenant Company A; L. L. Williams, captain Companies B and G; J. F. Duggan, captain Company C; L. M. Andrews, captain Company D; C. R. Walden, lieutenant Company E; A. G. Brooks, lieutenant Company F; S. J. Jordan, lieutenant Company H; Wm. T. Mullally, captain Company I; R. S. Anderson, captain Company G.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THOMAS' BRIGADE,March 18, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded. Approved.

EDWARD L. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS WILCOX LIGHT DIVISION,March 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, believing that the method proposed within is the best that can be adopted.

C. M. WILCOX,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

The plan proposed is commended as worthy of attention and consideration.

H. HETH,

Major-General, Commanding.

