
[Fourth indorsement.]

MARCH 27, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The commanding general commends the spirit displayed by this regiment. The plan of organization which has been regarded most favorably proposed a consolidation of the regiments of ten companies, as they now exist, into six companies, and that the regimental organization be maintained by attaching to the six thus formed four companies of colored troops. Each regiment would then preserve its identity. Perhaps this plan would be equally acceptable to the Forty-ninth Georgia Regiment.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 15, 1865-2.30 a. m.

Honorable JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

GENERAL: I have just arrived, having made my escape from the enemy twice yesterday, and send you the following information to be communicated to the officer having charge of the defenses of Richmond on the north and west. There is one column (perhaps a division) of the enemy on the road from Louisa Court-House to Richmond, camped at Goodall's Tavern sixteen miles from Richmond, withthe advance at Chiles' Tavern, twelve miles off; another column at Ashland, which reached there about 2 p. m. yesterday; and another column on what is called the plank road, leading from Goodall's to the Yellow Tavern. I saw the troops as Ashland, and passed between the camps on the plank road and the Louisa road and the pickets. It is very important that this information should be communicated to the officer in charge of the defenses at once, as I anticipate an attempt to carry the defenses very early this morning, and I think a dispatch should be sent to hurry up Fitz lee. The enemy is very bold, and moved with great rapidity. I found the picketing on the road on which I came very loose. If Pickett has any troops outside of the defenses they had better be drawn in, as the enemy will cut him off.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 15, 1865-3.30 a. m.

Referred to Lieutenant-General Ewell.

General Longstreet should be informed at once, and if Fitz lee has not arrived messengers be sent to hurry him up. Should the enemy attack at daylight our pickets, unless warned, will all be taken. use my aide, Lieutenant-Breckinridge, who bears this, to convey any message or order you deem necessary.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

