
OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Yorktown, Va., January 15, 1865.

Major CASSELS,

Provost-Marshal, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

SIR: I have the honor to report that information of a reliable character has been received by the naval authorities, and also at this office, that there is a force of the enemy organizing in Matthews County, Va., and on the Severn River for the purpose of destroying the light ships and houses on the Chesapeake Bay, also the vessels in the York River, and to capture the force of thirty men stationed at this place. I have notified Colonel Morrison. The boats to carry the enemy were built in the interior and launched a considerable distance up the Severn River. A man by the name of Fitzhugh is the leader, and, I believe, the same who destroyed the vessels some time ago on the Eastern Shore. I have no way of forwarding the parties giving the information, or I would send them at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. FLEMING,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL, DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,

Fort Monroe, January 16, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Shepley, commanding District of East Virginia, for his information.

A. GILCHRIST,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST VIRGINIA,Norfolk, Va., January 17, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, with the recommendation that one or more army gun-boats be sent to look after this force.

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MAGRUDER,

January 15, 1865.

Colonel WEBSTER,

Chief Quartermaster:

It is of the utmost importance that I should have a boat to cross over my cavalry and infantry from Yorktown to Gloucester. There is over fifty of the enemy in Matthews County, and their intention is to destroy the light-house on Mob Jack Bay and to destroy the light-ship in the bay. I am requested by Captain Fleming, provost-marshal at Yorktown, to act at once in the matter, and he thinks they could be caught. They have sent for more force. I have men enought, but I cannot get my cavalry across the river. Can you not send me some boat to ferry them? Please answer at once.

J. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

