HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,On Federal Point, N. C., January 15, 1865.

(Received 9.10 a.m. 17th.)

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Fort Fisher was carried by assault this afternoon and evening by General Ames' division and the Second Brigade of the First Division of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps, gallantly aided by a battalion of marines and seamen from the navy. The assault was preceded by a heavy bombardment from the Federal fleet, and was made at 3.30 p.m., when the First Brigade (Curtis') of Ames' division effected a lodgment upon the parapet, but full possession of the work was not obtained until 10 p.m.

The behavior of both officers and men was most admirable. All the works south of Fort Fisher are now occupied by our troops. We have not less than 1,200 prisoners, including General Whiting and Colonel Lamb, the commandant of the fort.

I regret to say our loss is severe, especially in officers. I am not yet able to form any estimate of the number of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Expedition.

OFF FORT FISHER, N. C., January 15, 1865.

(Received 11.30 a.m. 17th.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: Fort Fisher is ours. I send a bearer of dispatches with a brief account of the affair. General Terry is entitled to the highest praise and the gratitude of his country for the manner in which he has conducted his part of the operations. He is my beau ideal of a soldier and a general. Our co-operation has been most cordial; the result is victory, which will always be ours when the Army and Navy go hand in hand. The navy's loss in the assault was heavy; the army's loss is also heavy.

D. D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

NEAR FORT FISHER,

January 15, 1865-12 m.

Admiral PORTER:

The enemy are landing troops at Fort Buchanan. Can you hurt them?

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,January 15, 1865.

Brigadier General H. L. ABBOT,

U. S. Volunteer:

GENERAL: I have ordered a detail of 300 men to be made for you. I don't know just where you will land, but the men will be on the beach

