
you will report to Colonel Wilkinson and be subject to his orders. Keep your men in the cars and assist the company by preventing the men from straggling from the cars.

By command of Major-General Crook:

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., January 15, 1865-11.20 a.m.

Major R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland:

Have directed the Eighth Ohio Cavalry to concentrate at Philippi, also the Thirty-fourth Ohio Infantry. Communication by wire not yet open with Beverly. Lieutenant-Colonel Youart is at Philippi, with orders to make a full report of the Beverly disaster. All quiet at Beverly. Will make disposition of the Twenty-third Ohio and Thirteenth West Virginia as circumstances may demand. All quiet at Weston and Buckahanon. No communication yet with Bulltown. Scouts sent that direction not returned; have probably gone there. Telegraphed General Kelley yesterday of the killed and wounded at Beverly. Am now of opinion that the rebels got more of our men than stated in that dispatch.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

LOUP CREEK,

January 15, 1865.

Colonel J. H. OLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Charleston:

I have received the following information from Lewisburg and vicinity this morning:

A rebel lieutenant and nine men came down the Lewisburg road day before yesterday within ten miles of Gauley. The Sixtieth Virginia Infantry is at Lewisburg, said to be 240 strong; also the old Twenty-second is reported to be there, but not certain. They stay they are sent there to recruit. A small scouting party is reported to be near Carnifix Ferry, Gauley River. I shall watch them.

J. WHITLEY, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 16, 1865-3.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Reports have lately reached this Department of an extensive trade with the rebels carried on through Norfolk. One of these reports estimates the amount sent out from within our lines there at $100,000 daily. Provisions for Lee's army are said to be the main article of export. Boats are said to be send through on each side with unbroken cargoes. General Butler, who has just arrived here, renews the general statement without specifying any amount of business. He says the trade is carried on under the recent orders of the Treasury Department for

