
CITY POINT, January 16, 1865.

(Received 10.15 a.m.)

Major General G. G. MEADE:

General Grant will not be home before to-morrow.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, January 16, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The Coehorn mortars asked for by your telegram of the 5th instant were at Fort Monroe on the 11th instant.

WM. MAYNADIER,

Colonel and Acting Chief of Ordnance.

JANUARY 16, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

We have had to-day under examination a number of deserters from all parts of the line on the north and south sides of the James River. From the examination of those from the north side, some of whom came in this morning to headquarters Army of the Potomac, we are satisfied that the position of each regiment of every brigade of the several divisions south of the Appomattox is exactly the one given in the map lately furnished from this office. Day before yesterday Colonel Giles came from Richmond and reported to his command (in Corse's brigade) that the brigade was going to Goldborough, N. C. The mail carrier of the brigade reported that the women were being moved south from factories in Richmond, also that machinery was being moved, and that the names all wishing to leave Richmond were being taken. There was a rumor in Richmond that General Thomas' forces were advancing toward Richmond. One of the men from the Twenty-ninth Virginia, which is in Corse's brigade, says that a friend of his told him that he had assisted in taking down a part of the machinery in the Tredegar Iron-Works, and that it was understood among the workmen that the machinery was being forwarded to Salisbury, N. C.; that the government had purchased the private iron-works of Edward Eddinger, which were alos being removed; and officers looked forward to being removed at some period in the future. The rations seem to be cut down in meat, but to be full as regards flour and vegetables, when they get them. It would seem that one brigade of Kershaw's division did not so south-namely, Bryan's (Georgia) brigade, now commanded by Colonel McGlashan. There is also a rumor that Gregg's (Texas) brigade went to North Carolina. Perhaps this brigade went in the place of Bryan's. There are also some indefinite rumors about sending some of the heavy artillery regiments to Charleston from the defenses of Richmond. We had no news from Richmond during yesterday, as was expected. All the bridges over the Chickahominy being carried away our people were unable to cross. Ingress and egress are denied by all roads between the Chickahominy and the James.

PAUL A. OLIVER,

Captain, &amp;c.

