
CITY POINT, VA., January 16, 1865.

Colonel R. C. WEBSTER,

Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

As fast as steamers arrive at Fort Monroe on their return from the expedition under Major-General Terry, have them coaled, watered, and provisioned for the same length of time and to the same extent as they were coaled, watered, and provisioned for their recent trip. The chief commissary at Fort Monroe will put fifteen days'; rations on each vessel for the number of troops it is capacitated to carry. As fast as each vessel is so supplied send forward to the quartermaster at this place. Vessels sufficient to carry 4,000 men and 50 six-mule teams are required. Should any other vessels than those that were in the expedition with General Terry be taken, coal, water, and provision them in same manner as those that were. Promptitude in the execution of this order is required.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,January 16, 1865.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Richmond Examiner of the 16th contains the following:

We learn late last night that the enemy continued his fire on Fort Fisher throughout Saturday and Sunday, but without the least injury to the fort. The party which landed below are endeavoring to throw up fortifications, but are obstructed by the Confederate artillery.

R. O'BRIEN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. ND N. C., ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 10. In the Field, January 16, 1865.

I. Hereafter and until further orders the troops of this command will be under arms at reveille, which will be sounded at daybreak. The regimental adjutant, all company officers, and one field officer, or, in case will be present. The adjutant will receive the reports from the company commanders and report to the field officer all absent without proper authority. Brigade and division commanders will send their staff officers at relieve to see if this is executed. The practice of staff officers at various headquarters remaining abed until 9 or 10 o'clock must be stopped. The day's duties begin at guard-mount and officers must all be ready at that time.

II. All applications for leaves of absence or furloughs, to whatever authority made, must state the reasons, and, if for furlough, the applicant will send proof of the truth thereof. In compliance with orders from headquarters Armies of the United States, such applications will only be granted in extreme cases.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

