
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, January 16, 1865 - 7 p. m.

(Received 9.30 a. m. 17th.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Reports from Fairfax Station and Vienna received. None from Colonel Gansevoort, who never has yet furnished reports promptly. The train this morning was fired into between Springfield and Accotink by about thirty rebel cavalry, dressed in our uniform. No damage done. A squadron immediately started after them. All quiet at this part of the line to Vienna.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

FAIRFAX STATION, VA., January 16, 1865.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

CAPTAIN: I have just returned from a scout to Wolf Run Shoals. There are evidences of a party of about twenty having gone toward Accotink to-day. Along the whole route I heard of rebels moving in small squads. I did not get to Springfield Station, the time being too short and the distance too great. I got about midway to Springfield, when, it growing dark, I returned.

CHAS. ALBRICHT,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

FORTRESS MONROE, January 17, 1865 - 10 p. m.

To the PRESIDENT:

The rebel flag of Fort Fisher was delivered to me on board the steamer Spauling, off that place, yesterday, Monday, January 16, by Major-General Terry. An acknowledge and thanks for their gallant achievement was given in your name to Admiral Porter and General Terry, from whom the following particulars were obtained. The troops arrived off Fort Fisher Thursday night. Friday they were all landed under cover of a heavy fire from the squadron. A reconnaissance was made by General Terry on Saturday. A strong defensive line against any enemy's forces coming from Wilmington was established on Saturday and held by 4,000 men, chiefly colored troops, and an assault was determined upon. The assault was made on Sunday afternoon at 3.30 o'clock. The sea front of the fort had been greatly damaged and broken by a continuous and terrible fire of the fleet for three days, and this front was assaulted, at the fort mentioned, by a column of seamen and marines, 1,800 strong, command of Captain Breese. They reached the parapet, but after a short conflict this column was checked, driven back in disorder, and was afterward placed on the defensive line, taking the place of a brigade that was brought up to re-enforce the assaulting column of troops. Although the assault on the sea front failed, it performed a very useful part in diverting the attention of the enemy and weakening their resistance to the attack by the troops on the other side. The assault on the other and most difficult side of the fort was made by a column of 3,000 troops of the old Tenth Corps, led by Colonel Curtis, under the immediate supervision of General Terry. The enemy's force

