
in the fort was over 2,200. The conflict lasted for seven hours. The works were so constructed that every traversed afforced the enemy a new defensive position, from whence they had to be driven. They were seven in number, and the fight was carried on from traverse to traverse for seven hours. By a skillful directed fire thrown into the traverses, one after another as they were occupied by the enemy, Admiral Porter contributed to the success of the assaulting column. By signals between himself and General Terry, at brief intervals, this fire was so well managed as to damage the enemy without injury to our own troops. At about 10 o'clock at night the enemy were entirely driven from the fort, forced down toward Federal Point, followed by a brigade of our troops, and about 12 o'clock at night General Whiting surrendered himself and his command to General Terry unconditionally, as prisoners of war, numbering over 1,800, the remainder of his force being killed and wounded. Our loss was not accurately ascertained on Monday afternoon, but was estimated at between 700 and 800 in killed and wounded, besides the naval loss, which was slight, not exceeding 100 in killed and wounded; not a ship nor a transport was lost. Colonel Curtis was severely but not mortally wounded. Colonel Bell died of his wounds Monday morning, Colonel J. W. Moore and Lieutenant-Colonel Lyman were killed. Colonel Pennypacker was badly wounded, also Lieutenant-Colonel Coan. A complete list of the killed and wounded will be forwarded as soon as it can be prepared. general terry reported to Surgeon-General Barness that he had ample provision of surgeons, nurses, and hospital supplies for the wounded; they will be sent North to their respective States as fast as they can be placed on transports, of which there was ample supply. On Monday morning, between 6 and 7 o'clock, the magazine of Fort Fisher exploded, killing and wounding 200 or 300 persons. After the capture of the fort all the troops were withdrawn except one brigade left in charge of the works. How the exposition occurred was not known, but General Terry believed that it was occasioned by accident or negligence. General Hoke's division, reported as 5,000, was at Wilmington, a portion of it was thrown into the fort not long before the assault, and while that was going on a demonstration was made by General Hoke against our defensive line, but it was found too strong for anything more than a skirmishing attack. About 11 o'clock Monday morning a heavy cloud of smoke was observed over Fort Smith [Caswell], on the south side of New Inlet. The naval officer commanding that station reported that the enemy had fired their barracks and evacuated that fort, You will be pleased to know that perfect harmony and concert of action existed between the land and naval forces, and their respective commanders. Admiral Porter and General Terry vied in their commendation each of the other; each seemed more anxious to do justice to the other than to claim anything for himself; and they united in the highest commendation of the naval and military officers and the forces engaged. To this harmony of feeling and the confident spirit inspired may perhaps be attributed in some degree the success of an attack, with nearly equal numbers, against a resolute enemy in a work unsurpassed, if ever equaled, in strength, and which General Beauregard a few days before pronounced impregnable. The armament of the fort was seventy-two guns, some of large caliber and rifled, and one Armstrong gun. The troops in the fort had rations forsixteen days. Their loss in killed and wounded was between 400 and 500. General Whiting had three wounds in the thigh. Colonel Lamb also, who had into the fort with re-enforcements and to relieve General Whiting on Sunday, is wounded. On Monday everything was

