HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,January 17, 1865.

[General G. K. WARREN:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send you a line to-night. Everything is gong smoothly. General Made has returned, but I think will again go on leave. We are all in excitement in regard to Fort Fisher. I am sorry for Weitzel. The corps is in first rate condition, but I regret very much to say that there seems to be some probability of our being ordered to relieve the Ninth Corps. I trust you will be able to prevent this, or at least to compromise. It will very seriously effect the efficiency of our to move them again. We took the field and gave our tents to the Sixth Corps. We have twice erected stables for our animals, and have left them as they were completed. We might picket by detail on the Ninth Corps front, or, if that corps must be moved, why not relieve it by the Sixth Corps, instead of yours? At any rate we look to you to help us out. The men do not and will [not] believe that we are to move. They have worked so hard. The railroad is now being laid to the Second Swamp, and will be completed in a few days. It is very necessary that it should be done at once, as our trains are short of forage and it will save us very much. We look for you back in a very few days, and i sure you I shall be very glad to see you. I received Roebling's cards to-day, and I wish him the entire measure of all earthly happiness in his married life.

Sincerely, yours,

S. W. CRAWFORD.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,January 17, 1865. (Received 10.40 a. m.)

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this command during the past twenty-four hours. Major-General Wright left for Washington this morning.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,January 17, 1865. (Received 11.50 a. m.)

Major-General WEBB:

Nothing new in our front. It is reported that a rebel lieutenant deserted last night. He has not yet arrived at these headquarters.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,January 17, 1865. (Received 1.30 p. m.)

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB, Chief of Staff:

I forward to the provost-marshal two deserters - Lieutenant Atchinson, Fifty-ninth Virginia, and Lieutenant Pittman, Forty-fifth Georgia; the former from Bushord Johnson's division, the latter from Willcox.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

