
to at least one of the regular officers on board each ship that had them, which has enabled me often to communicate when naval signals would have been of no avail. In addition his services have been to me of the utmost importance. Thoroughly collected and completed at all time and under any circumstances, gentlemanly in his deportment, intelligent, always ready and cheerful.

I hope you will at least send a copy of this to the honorable Secretary of War, that it may be placed on file as a slight evidence of my appreciation of him as an officer and a gentleman.

Through Mr. Clemens I was in constant communication with General Terry, even during the assault on Fort Fisher, and was enabled to direct the fire of the New Ironsides to the traverses occupied by the enemy without fear of hurting our own people, from my complete reliance on him.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

U. S. STEAMER MENDOTA,

Hampton Roads, January 17, 1865. (Received 9.40 a. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

The Atlantic is just in from Wilmington. Fort Fisher and works on Federal Point are in our possession. The assault was made by army and sailors on Sunday afternoon, and by 11 p. m. the works were ours. Losses heavy; Lieutenant B. H. Porter and Preston, of the navy, are killed. Our captures are 72 guns and about 2,500 prisoners. Generals Whiting and lamb are prisoners and wounded. The Vanderbilt is on her way with dispatches. Two 15-inch guns were burst on the monitors.

E. T. NICHOLS,

Commander and Senior Officer.

WASHINGTON, January 17, 1865 - 2.05 p. m.

Captain J. M. BERRIEN,

Norfolk:

Fire a national salute in honor on the capture, on the 15th instant, of the rebel works on Federal Point, near Wilmington, by a combined attack of the army and navy.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

NEAR FORT FISHER, January 17, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Captain Lockwood has General Terry's strong approval of an application to accompany a gallant officer, Captain Lawrence, who is severely wounded and needs great care to his home. Can telegraphic authority be sent to capt. H. C. Lockwood, aide-de-camp, at Fort Monroe, on receipt of this, to accompany Captain Lawrence to Newport, R. I., and

