
then rejoin his command. The enemy have this morning been blowing up works near Fort Caswell, and it is not impossible that when the navy get down they will find it evacuated. They are moving cautiously. Our prisoners are 1,900; guns, injured and all, reported 72.

C. B. COMSTOCK.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Fisher, January 17, 1865.

Captain O'KEEFE,

Fifteenth New York Volunteer Engineers:

The work to put Fort Fisher in a defensive condition on the south side will be begun to-morrow morning under your supervision, and will be continued till further orders. You are authorized to call on the officer commanding the brigade at Fort Fisher for a daily working party to work from 8 a. m. till 12 m., and from 1 to 5 p. m. You should collect at once all the spare lumber about the fort for you revetments, and pt a guard over it to prevent its being stolen. Three days should put the work roughly in defensive condition, then more attention can be paid to finish. Please send me a morning report and list of tools.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 17, 1865 - 3.45 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

In West Virginia:

Movements of troops from the West are now taking place over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and will be continued for some time to come. Please cause all liquor shops along the time from Petersburg and Bellaire to be closed for the present.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

MOOREFIELD, W. VA., January 17, 1865.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I will direct General Wallace to send the Maryland regiment that was consolidated a few ago to garrison Fort Delaware. I have but very few dismounted cavalry.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,January 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding District of Harper's Ferry:

The major-general commanding directs that your order Colonel Reno to move his regiment onto the Berryville road as near to Charlestown

