
as he can find good and convenient camping ground. Colonel Reno is authorized hereby to use lumber from secessionists' farm, as to make his men comfortable.

JAS W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,January 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General McMILLAN,

Commanding, Stephenson's Depot:

GENERAL: Major-General Emory directs that you draw in two regiments of infantry from the line of the railroad and post them at Summit Point. This change is made under the supposition that the block-houses are completed. The regiments sent will make themselves comfortable.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, MD., January 17, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Clarksburg, Va.:

The consolidation of the Maryland regiments - viz, First Eastern Shore, Second Eastern Shore, and Eleventh Maryland, is now going on - to form a regiment of ten companies, maximum strength, by order War Department. Four companies can be ready to be sent to Fort Delaware on 19th instant; aggregate strength will be over 300 men. Will that answer? It is probably more than the Ninth Delaware has. There is more delay then usual in this consolidation, as all the officers were mustered out, and new have to be appointed. Shall I send the five companies only? We need the balance of the regiment.

LEW WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, January 18, 1865 - 12.45 a. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of 10 o'clock last evening has just reached me. Owing to the time that has elapsed I am not confident but that you have left. If I cannot come myself, leaving here by sun-up, I will send General Rawlins, and will run to Washington to see you in a day or two.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT MONROE, January 18, 1865 - 4.05 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Your telegram just received. There is an urgent necessity for me to be in Washington, and as you could not reach here, starting at sun-up, before 12 or 1 o'clock, I shall go on to Washington, hoping to see you

