HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,January 18, 1865.

Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I send you Private J. C. Logan, Fifth Texas Infantry, who came from Richmond last night. He says he was escorted through the lines by a large party of his comrades, who he says would have come with him if they were assured of good treatment. He is willing to return and take with him copies of the order of General Grant, which he says is unknown in his regiment. He may possibly be a spy of the enemy, but as he has not seen anything, and need not see anything,m it is quite safe to send him back. I would recommend that he be sent back to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier and Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, EASTERN SHORE OF VIRGINIA,Eastville, January 18, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication requiring me to furnish a statement of the force now inder my command upon this shore, and in reply to state there is at present upon duty - Company L, Eleventh Pennsylvania cavalry, 3 commissioned officers, 71 enlisted men; Company A, Purnell's cavalry, 3 commissioned officers, 71 enlisted men; Company A, First Loyal Virginia Volunteers, 2 commissioned officers, 82 enlisted men; detachments of Third Pennsylvania Artillery, 1 commissioned officer, 39 enlisted men. The above force is stationed in small squads at the different towns upon the shore, from Cape Charles to the Maryland line, and also as a patrol along the telegraph line, a distance of eighty miles. Their principal duties are to patrol the telegraph line, and to prevent improper communication between this shore and the western shore of Virginia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK J. WHITE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Eastern Shore of Virginia.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 7. Fort Fisher, N. C., January 18, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Charles J. Paine, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the forces occupying the line of works facing Wilmington.

* * * * * * *

VI. Bvt. Major General A. Ames, commanding Second Division, will send the Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers at sunrise to-morrow to Fort Buchanan, relieving the Twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops. Brevet Brigadier-General Blackman, Twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, will, upon the arrival of the Fourth new hampshire Volunteers at Fort Buchanan, report with his command to Brigadier General Charles J. Paine, commanding Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

