
VIII. Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. Abbott, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, will detail three commissioned officers, one of whom shall be a captain, for the purpose of taking charge of a detail to proceed to Point Lookout, Md., in charge of prisoners of war. These officers will report to Major Pearce, provost-marshal at these at these headquarters, for instructions immediately.

IX. Captain O. W. Beach, Sixteenth New York Artillery, will proceed [with] his command and the prisoners of war under his charge, on the steamer De Molay, to Point Lookout, Md., and deliver his prisoners to the commanding officer of the camp of prisoners at that place, taking his receipt thereof. He will then return his command to Fort Monroe, Va., and report to the quartermaster for information to this point.

By order of maj. General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General:

PARKESBURG, VA., January 18, 1865.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Orders issued in compliance with your telegram of the 17th instant.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, January 18, 1865 - 6 p. m.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

Reports from the several stations state "all quiet." Colonel Albricht verbally reported to me an hour ago that he is informed that the train guard that was fired into two days ago acted cowardly and disgracefully, Lieutenant Cash, the officer in charge, seeding the example. I have called for a report of the facts in the case, which will be furnished to me to-morrow, and will be forwarded to department headquarters. I respectfully request that the train guards be hereafter composed of good fighting men, with plenty of ammunition.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., January 18, 1865.

Captain J. WHITLEY,

Loup Creek:

The colonel wants to know at once if you have scouts out; how far they are ordered to go; how you obtained information that there are two rebel infantry regiments at Lewisburg; and whether you have any information as to the movements of the enemy in your front.

J. M. RIFE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

