
LOUP CREEK, January 18, 1865.

Captain J. M. RIFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston:

I have scouts in the direction of Raleigh. I have sent scouts toward Lewisburg, with orders to go there if they cannot get positive information without as to the number and what forces there are in that place. A citizen living non the Lewisburg road came to Gauley and reported what I telegraphed you in regard to those infantry regiments. Scouts that have come in report that there were a small rebel scout on Sugar Creek. This is all the force they could learn of being on our immediate front. I sent a scout to communicate with Captain Mann. They found that he was away on a scout in the direction of Lewisburg. Word was left at his camp to send any information of importance he might have to this place. Deserters report that Alstead's command was ordered to Richmond, but they refused to go. They are now at Meadow Bluff. Aby further information I may receive I will communicate immediately.

J. WHITLEY, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Post.

BALTIMORE, MD., January 18, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Parkersburg, Va.:

Did your order the destruction of the stables at Monocacy? Men are there tearing them down, they say, by order of General Forsyth, with instructions to remove them to Frederick. They are needed, and were built for our cavalry and artillery horses. I have ordered the destruction stopped until I hear from you.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CITY POINT, VA., January 18, 1865.

Brigadier General R. O. TYLER,

Philadelphia:

Report to Major-General Cadwalader for duty.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 19, 1865 - 1 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

Colonel Comstock, in a dispatch of the 17th from Fort Fisher, says:

The enemy have this morning been blowing up works near Fort Caswell, and it is not importance that when the navy get down they will find it evacuated. They are moving cautiously. Our prisoners are 1,900; guns, injured and all, reported 72.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

