
CITY POINT, VA., January 20, 1865 - 11 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I leave at 12 for Washington. Will remain there but a few hours. During my absence be prepared to take the offensive if it should be found that the enemy are drawing off any considerable portion of their troops, an event not impossible, though which is not likely within the limits of my absence.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to Major-General Ord.)

CITY POINT, VA., January 20, 1865 - 4 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

The following is a copy of a private note received by to-day's mail from General Weitzel, inclosing a copy from the papers of your instructions for the first Wilmington expedition of date December 6, 1864. Thinking it might possibly be of service to you while at Washington, I forward it.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

PRIVATE.] CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 16, 1865.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

DEAR SIR: I find in the morning papers the inclosed.* I ask it as a favor of you to say to Lieutenant-General Grant that I was surprised and absolute when I saw it; that General Butler never showed it to me, or spoke of it to me; and that his instructions to me did not cover the requirements of this document, and that he said to me, when I reported an assault impracticable, that he would withdraw. If I had ever seen a copy of the inclosed instructions,* I would have acted accordingly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 20, 1865.

Brevet Major-General PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant, requisiting that "a list may be furnished me (you) of regiments in the Army of the Potomac to which unassigned men of the different States may be assigned, in order that I (you) may be able the more fully to carry out the instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding," and to say, in answer, that the major-general commanding considers that the intention of paragraph I,

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

