
Special Orders, Numbers 8, was that the assignments referred to should be made from these headquarters on the report of the provost-marshal-general that a certain number of unassigned recruits were in his hands from any or several States, and that without further instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding that course will be adopted, and such reports will be forwarded, on which the requisite orders will be based. It would thereof appear unnecessary to furnish the lists applied for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 31. Washington, January 20, 1865.

* * * * * * *

40. The following officers will repair to this city and report in person as witnesses to the chairman of the Committee on the Conduct of the War as soon as the exigencies of the service will permit: Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army; Major General Godfrey Witzel, U. S. Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Comstock, aide-de-camp. As soon as their services can be dispensed with by the Committee, they will return to their proper stations.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Statement of the distribution of engineer troops composing Engineer Brigade, Army of the Potomac, and the defenses of City Point, Va.

Regiment. 	 Number	 Position.

 of com-

 panies.

50th Regiment New York	 11	 Headquarters army of the

Volunteer Engineers.	 	 Potomac.

Do..	 a 1/2	 Engineer Depot, Washington,

 	 D. C.

Do..	 1/2	 Headquarters Engineer

 	 Brigade, City Point, Va.

15th Regiment New York	 a 2 1/2	 Do.

Volunteer Engineers.

Do..	 1	 Guarding pontoon trains

 	 belonging to headquarters

 	 Army of the Potomac.

Do..	 1 1/2	 In charge of pontoon

 	 bridges at Deep Bottom and

 	 neighborhood.

Do..	 1	 Fort Fisher, N. C.

Do..	 1	 Fort Abbott, Defenses of

 	 City Point.

Do..	 1	 Fort Craig, Defenses of

 	 City Point.

Do..	 1	 Fort Graves, Defenses of

 	 City Point.

Do..	 1	 Fort McKeen, Defenses of

 	 City Point.

Do..	 1	 Fort Lewis O. Morris,

 	 Defenses of City Point.

Do..	 1/2	 Fort Merriam, Defenses of

 	 City Point.

Do..	 1/2	 Fort Gould, Defenses of

 	 City Point.

61st Massachusetts	 7 	 Old Court-House, Defenses

Volunteers..	 	 of City Point.

1st Regiment maine	 6	 Defenses of City Point.

Sharpshooters..

18th Regiment New	 6	 Do.

Hampshire Volunteers.

Hall's Independent	 2	 Do.

Sharpshooters,

Michigan Volunteers.

a Regimental headquarters
HDQRS. DEFENSES OF CITY POINT AND ENGINEER BRIGADE,January 20, 1865.

