
train to be thrown off the track. They immediately left, attempting to fire the train, doing but little damage. As soon as the fact was made known I ordered Colonel Reno to send out scout in pursuit and to make written report of facts. No report yet received. I think the party came from direction of Berry's Ferry, from best information did, and returned the same way. Shall advise you of facts as soon as received.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,January 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding District of Harper's Ferry:

Your dispatch to General Forsyth, informing him of the attempt to capture a train on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, received. In reply I have to say that the position of this army is such that it is desirable to be informed at these headquarters of any attempt to interfere with the railroad, as steps may be taken to aid materially in the capture of parties making such attempt.

W, H, EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, January 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

Since answering dispatch have received Colonel Reno's report. The rebels were a part of Mosby's command, under Captain Richards, about 150 strong. The men crossed the Shenandoah in boats at Kabletown, swimming horses. They left Osborn's about 9 o'clock at night, passing between Charlestown and Halltown. Struck railroad east of Duffield's about a mile and a half. Did no injury to road, but removed rail. The train was scarcely injured. They recrossed the river at Snicker's Ferry yesterday. Reno's scouts failed to strike them, because information did not reach him in time. I have no report from railroad until about 10 o'clock yesterday; otherwise, if prompt information had been given at headquarters, they might have been intercepted.

J. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,January 20, 1865.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

The general commanding directs that you telegraphed the name of the person or persons responsible for not reporting the raid on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The general wishes to have this information as soon as possible.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

