
cipher, and the information is also conveyed that on Wednesday General McLaws telegraphed that a fort, which as near as we could make out was spelled Tacia, would fall if not strengthened. We are unable to throw any light upon this subject, except to say that General McLaws is commanding a portion of the troops at Charleston or in front of it. The superintendent of the Danville railroad told one of our friends in Richmond that the connection with the North Carolina Central was completed; that no trains has passed over it yet, but that some were expected to come through to-day. It is said that the cabinet has been charged, with the exception of the postmaster-general and the secretary of the treasury, General Breckinridge taking the portfolio of war. General Lee has been appointed to the commander-in-chief of all the armies. General Joseph E. Johnston is to command the Army of Northern Virginia, General Beauregard is to relieve Hood, and General Echols, lately with Breckinridge in Western Virginia, is to have Beauregard's command, whether in this army or below is not stated. There are rumors of more machinery being sent to Salisbury, N. C., but no facts are given. Gold went down yesterday, the 20th instant, from $117 for $1 or $70 for $1, and there was a rumor among the people that government had bought in the North $150,000 in gold, and thrown it upon the market to effect the above result.

The following is copied as written:

Mr. Joseph Crenshaw left Wilmington in great haste on Tuesday, not taking time to pack his clothes. Wilmington was in great excitement and consternation; they were removing money from the banks and people were hurrying away their valuables. Mr. Crenshaw had been sent to Wilmington by the Secretary of War. We hear that General Lee is strengthening his right wing. Yesterday afternoon (the 19th instant) we sent six cannon by the Danville road, two large ones to Wilmington and the rest, it was thought, for Danville. The consolidation bill makes the officers, angry and they incite the soldiers to mutiny. About Petersburg an attempt was made a few days since to consolidate at Mississippi and Alabama regiment. Three hundred started for home and were arrested. We have as yet received no provisions by the Danville road. Nothing but meal and fresh pork have come in from the suburb of Richmond.

One of our friends lately arrested on suspicion, founded upon the use of greenbacks, has been released and we shall again hear from that source. Word is sent to us that Mr. Royal, living on the banks of the river near Haxall's Landing, who was for a long time been absent in Richmond, is to return to-day or to-morrow home; that it is understood that he is to offer to take the oath of allegiance, but it is believed by our friends that he goes for the purpose of furnishing information to the enemy. He is said to be a person of some ability, and we are told that he cannot be trusted by us.

GEO. H. SHARPE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 33. Washington, January 21, 1865.

* * * * * * *

28. Permission to delay in Washington City, D. C., two days on official business while en route to his command in the department of Virginia is hereby granted Brigadier General Gilman Marston, U. S. Volunteers.

* * * * * * *

By oreder of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

