
enemy blew up the magazines in the covered way and blew down the whole length of the scarp of the east face. The block-house was burned, the caponiere not seriously injured. I think the readiest way to make the work efficient would be to remove the ruins of the block-house, repair the scarp, use the main work as a keep, and repair the damage traverses not yet finished. As this will require more time and labor than troops in the field could give the repairs should be made under the direction of the Department.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General.

P. S.- On the beach, 1,000 yards west of Fort Caswell, is Fort Campbell, a strong earth-work heavily traversed on the sea-faces, one of which is a bastioned front and holding about thirteen guns.

FORT MONROE, January 21, 1865 - 1.30 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I came here from New Berne in order to consult with General Grant upon matters in North Carolina and in relation to carrying out the views of General Sherman. The matters which I desired to lay before the lieutenant-general were, first, the immediate placing of the railroad in order from New Berne to Kinston. I have no rails for this work. I desired also to have a small additional force to enable me to seize and securely hold certain points, and I desired personally to give him my views in relation to affairs in North Carolina. As the lieutenant-general is in Washington I would respectfully beg of you to inquire of him whether he desires to see me and whether I have better wait here until his return.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of North Carolina.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 21, 1865 - 7 p. m.

Brigadier-General PALMER:

General Grant has started this evening on his return. You will wait for him.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 21, 1865. (Received 3 p. m.)

Brigadier General Fort Monroe until I get there. I will leave Annapolis at 5 a. m. to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

