
General Abbot will, after disembarking this company, immediately proceed to City Point, Va., with the remainder of his command and report to the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States.

II. The commandant of Fort Fisher will permit Captain D. D. T. Gordon, assistant quartermaster, to take such quartermaster's stores as he may select the fort.

III. Lieutenant F. A. Howell, acting aide-de-camp, Third Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, will proceed to Fort Fisher with the fatigue party under his command and take therefrom 100 shovels for use on the north line of works.

IV. Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Abbot, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty as chief of artillery of this expedition, and will proceed to City Point, Va., and report to the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States. The major-general commanding desires to express to General Abbot his thanks for the zeal, ability, and energy evinced by him in landing the siege train of this command upon the open ocean beach under the most disadvantageous circumstances.

V. Major F. W. Prince, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, will proceed by the steamer Chase with the captured officers under his charge to Fort Monroe, and endeavor to intercept the steamer California, driven from that port by the gale yesterday. On overtaking that ship he will take command of the detachment of the Third New Hampshire, Volunteers, in charge of the prisoners of war on board the California at Fort Monroe, Major Prince will proceed to Washington without delay and deliver the prisoners in his charge to the provost-marshal at that city, taking command of the detachment mentioned above wherever he may find it.

* * * * * * * * *

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., January 22, 1865-6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

Reports just received from the several posts on the line stating all quiet since last report. Colonel Albright was ordered on the 18th to send the four detailed men to General Slough as court-martial clerks. Colonel Albright now reports that two of the men were sent yesterday, and the other two will be sent to-morrow.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, January 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

The Twenty-third Army Corps will pass through from Petersburg to Washington, commencing within a day or two. You will have arrangements made to give them hot coffee at two or three points.

