
BUCKHANNON, W. VA., January 22, 1865.

Colonel N. WILKINSON, Clarksburg:

Scout just returned from Huttonsville. Saw a deserter and two refugees who saw Rosser's command at Warm Spring on their way to Richmond, the only rebel force they could hear of.

H. C. RIZER,

Major.

CITY POINT, VA., January 22, 1865-6.30 p. m.

Major General LEW. WALLACE, Baltimore, Md.:

Send the Eleventh U. S. Infantry to City Point.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA. January 22, 1865.

Major-General WALLACE, Baltimore, Md.:

There is no Camp Distribution at this post, it having been broken up by order of Major-General Sheridan, having no quarters or buildings at this place in which the men can be cared for; consequently there is no officer to receive squads of men sent forward to General Sheridan's army. The are directed by General Sheridan to be forwarded to the front upon their arrival. There is considerable delay and annoyance to the officers in charge arising from the sending forward of infantry, cavalry, and artillery mixed up. Cavalry should be separated from the infantry and artillery and sent no farther than Sandy Hook, near which point is are Remount Camp, to which all cavalry have to be turned over on their arrival at this post. General Sheridan's orders are to forward all infantry right through to the front, so that there is no need for any officer here to receipt for men, unless they belong to this command, which is always done. If I had an officer to place upon such duty I should do so, in order to relieve the officers who bring forward men, because they are generally worn out by fatigue on their arrival; but having no such officer it is not possible to do so.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 23, 1865-10 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

One of may staff has just returned from Fort Fisher with dispatches from General Terry, from which I extract the following:

On the 16th the enemy blew up Forts Caswell and Campbell, and abandoned them and the work on Smith's Island, those at Smithville, and on Reeves' Point. These places were occupied by the navy. The whole number of guns captured amounts to 162. A large number of small-arms also fell into our hands, besides quantities of ordnance and commissary stores. Our casualties prove smaller than was first reported; they foot up thus: 12 officers and 107 men killed, 45 officers and 107 men killed, 45 officers and 495 men wounded.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

