HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

January 23, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN P. SLOUGH,

Military Governor of Alexandria:

GENERAL: At 4 a. m. January 24 troops will arrive in Washington to the number of 2,500, who will be sent immediately on cars to Alexandria, to be quartered at the Soldiers' Rest. Be please to let a staff meet them at the depot.

Respectfully,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, Va., January 23, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you instruct Colonel Pennington, commanding Third Cavalry Division, to permit citizens who have country produce for sale to pass through your lines to Winchester on the Romeny road. The citizens, after reaching Winchester, can obtain the necessary passes to pass through the lines. All citizens who have passes given by Colonel Edwards to bring in marketing should be permitted to pass through the lines that their passes may be renewed. The marketing is brought in for the citizens and officers in Winchester, and will not be taken by the Third Cavalry Division. This order is positive, and the marketing will not be taken by the Third Cavalry Division, as they can procure such at Winchester.

I am, very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., January 24, 1865-4.30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I respectfully request that the Secretary of the Navy remover Captain Parker, U. S. Navy, from command of the James River Flotilla to-night by telegraph. With three days' notice of his danger, and a large fleet at his command, when I sent a staff officer to him this morning before daylight, on hearing that the rebel rams were coming down the river and that two of them had passed the obstructions, he had but one gun-boat, that a wooden one, and a torpedo-boat above the pontoon bridge at Aiken' Landing. On my arrival here yesterday from Washington, I requested him to get to the front every boat he had in the river within reach. This he should have done two days, before without notice. The rebels have suffered severely in to-day's operations, but with a, no doubt, gallant sent of commanders for the vessels, they have been allowed to contribute but little to this result. One rebel gun-boat was blown up by a shell from Battery Parsons, one other sunk, and a third disabled; the fourth, the Virginia, was hit a great many times, but I do not know that she was injured. It is

