
shot from Fort Parsons and one other gun-boat disabled. The two boats that were aground are now off, and have passed a short distance up the river. The freshet which we have had in the last few days has displaced a portion of the obstruction in the river and made the passage easy. The naval force here is not near adequate to the protection of the river should the enemy attempt to come down. I have telegraphed the Secretary of the Navy, however, for more vessels.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 24, 1865-8 p. m.

(Received 10.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Please ask the chief of ordnance to send a competent ordnance officer to report to General Terry, at least temporarily. They are a great many shells and other stores to pick up, and much of the ordnance that can be dispensed with. The variety of ammunition for the guns in the different forts is numerous. The second division of Schofield's command embarked; may be sent to Beaufort, N. C.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy to Ordnance Department).

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 24, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Colonel Wise telegraphs from New York that ocean transport for 16,000 men will be here by the end of this week.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 24, 1865-9.25 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq.,

Baltimore:

Admiral Farragut is ordered express to City Point by way of Annapolis. It is the utmost importance that he reaches there soon as possible. I have ordered an extra train for him. Please give all necessary orders for safety and avoid detention.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., January 24, 1865-9.30 a. m.

(Received 10.35 a. m.)

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant, Secretary of the Navy:

I would like to leave Fortress Monroe to-morrow evening or next day evening, for Fort Fisher. Can you not go? I would also be pleased to go on a naval vessel, if it is convenient to spare one. Ocean transportation is now all employed carrying troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

