
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 4. January 24, 1865.

To the end that a proper spirit of emulation may be aroused among the enlisted men of this army, and meritorious conduct recognized and rewarded, furloughs will be granted to such men as by attention to duty, proficiency in drill, conduct on the march and in battle, and care of arms, horses, and equipments, have proved themselves to be the best soldiers in the brigades to which they are attached. The following will be the rule of apportionment and selection: To each 1,000 men present for duty in each brigade one furlough, and if the excess is over 500 two furloughs, on selections made by the brigade commander. Should the excess not reach 500 a furlough will be forwarded representing such excess in the different brigades of the division; if the total exceeds 500 one furlough will be selected by the division commander. Such furloughs will be for twenty-five days; will state that they are for soldierly conduct under the provision of this order, and will be forwarded on the 27th day of each month for action at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., January 24, 1865.

Colonel BRAINERD,

Commanding Engineer Brigade;

You will please detail a competent engineer officer to construct the batteries now being up within these ground. The officer will report without delay to Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Duff, of this staff.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, January 24, 1865.

Captain CHASTER,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General:

DEAR SIR: It is the wish of the lieutenant-general that work be commenced on the batteries on the bluff immediately and continued night and day without intermission until completed and the guns mounted. You will therefore please make the necessary arrangements. If the Engineer Brigade cannot furnish men enough for reliefs to work all night you will please notify me immediately, that details may be made from other commands. Please communicate this letter to the officer commanding the engineers, as it is intended to have the force of an order from the lieutenant-general.

Yours, truly,

W. L. DUFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Inspector-General.

