HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, January 24, 1865.

Colonel BRAINERD:

You will discontinue work on the batteries on the bluff until further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

W. L. DUFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,January 24, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changed in the disposition of the troops of this command since last report. Two deserters from the enemy came into our lines during the night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,January 24, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The enemy have put up in their picket-line, or just in rear of it, partially covered by woods, what appears to be a battery, about 1,000 yards north of Fort Welch. No guns have been seen in it. It is reported to be connected with the main line by a covered way, and I have supposed it might be intended for a Coehorn mortar battery, which, should it ever be used, would annoy our camp and redoubts exceedingly. We should have to take it to silence it by Coehorns or other mortars. I do not suppose that it is intended to be used except in a case of necessity-that is, unless something should occur to disturb the present quiet. It has occurred to me as desirable that we should have here some six (or thereabouts) Coehorns, and be prepared to use them if required. There are now six Coehorns, belonging to this corps at or near Battery 20 (Ninth Corps front), in charge of a company of artillery belonging to this command. I would suggest that, if it can be done conveniently, these Coehorns and the company be relieved by others and sent back to the corps, where they would be prepared to put a stop to any firing of the kind I have mentioned, should it be commenced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY. Brigadier, 2nd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 19. January 24, 1865.

The commanding officer of batteries In Forts Fisher, Welch, and at each piece observe more than usual vigilance. One man will be posted at each piece from dark until daylight detachments will be at their pieces from 5 a. m. until after sunrise. This will continue in force until further orders.

By command of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard;

U. D. EDDY,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

