
forward, 1 foot; hull above water, center, 6 inches. Draws 13 feet forward, 13 1\2 feet aft. Length, 16 feet; breadth, 40 feet; breadth deck, 12 feet (top of shield). Armament, one 11-inch smooth-bore stern gun, one 8-inch rifled bow gun, two 7-inch rifled side guns. She has also four boat howitzers, used on deck against boarding.

Richmond (iron-clad)-one 7-inch rifled bow gun, one 10-inch smooth-bore stern gun, two 7-inch rifled broadside. Fredericksburg (iron-clad) -same as Richmond. Nansemond (wooden)-300 tons; 32-pounder bow gun, 7-inch rifle aft. Hampton-same as Nansemond. Drewry-same. Beaufort-200 tons; one bow gun, 32-pounder rifle. Roanoke-200 tons; 32-pounder rifle. Texas-just launched, no machinery in yet; intended for two propellers.

The Virginia is the strongest and largest boat, and believed to be a match for any of ours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL A. OLIVER,

Captain, &amp;c.

JANUARY 24, 1865-11.15 p. m.

Lieutenant WEIHL,

Signal Officer:

(Via Headquarters Twenty-fourth Army Corps.)

The rebel rams have now retired up the river. They came below the obstructions early this morning.

S. N. ROGERS,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY,Steamer Governor Chase, James River, January 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States;

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival in accordance with the inclosed order from General Terry. I left three 30-pounder Parrotts of my train at Fort Fisher; the rest is still on the steamer C. C. Leary, at Beaufort, N. C., awaiting orders. General Terry retained it, not feeling authorized to order it away without instructions from the lieutenant-general. As it comprises all the reserve siege guns of my train, I would respectfully request that the train afloat on the C. C. Leary be ordered back to Broadway Landing. This will leave three 30-pounder Parrotts of mine at Fort Fisher, besides the entire rebel armament, with abundant supplies of ammunition. Even if it be intended to use more Parrot guns in that vicinity it would be better to send them on another vessel, as the C. C. Leary draws too much water to enter Cape Fear River, and to discharge her cargo on the open beach is extremely difficult.

Three companies of the First Connecticut Artillery, belonging to my siege train, were also detained by General Terry temporarily, as they were ordered to his command by the lieutenant-general. General Terry, however, fully appreciated that they were needed with my train, and promised to endeavor to have them returned to me with as little delay as possible, applying for a full heavy artillery regiment in their place.

16 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

