
As I took them from their batteries on the lines in front of Richmond, where they are really needed, and as, if not returned, their places will have to be supplies by a corresponding detachment from another regiment, thus impairing efficiency by breaking up regimental organizations, I would earnestly request that they be ordered back to report to me with as little delay as practicable.

My detachment of Volunteer Engineers has been retained by General Terry, their service being needed. My detachment from General Graham's naval brigade has been ordered to rejoin their command.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Siege Artillery.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 11. Fort Fisher, N. C., January 22, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Abbot, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty as chief of artillery of this expedition, and will proceed to City Point, Va., and report to the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States. The major-general commanding desires to express to General Abbot his thanks for the zeal, ability, and energy evinced by him in landing the siege train of this command upon the open ocean beach under the most disadvantageous circumstances.

By order of Major General Alfred H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., January 24, 1865-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States, City Point;

If possible, please order me a telegraph operator; one is absolutely essential to the proper performance of my duties. I lost thirty-six hours in the Wilmington expedition for want of one, and now need one greatly in getting those siege guns in position on James River. Please expedite the arrival of my train and companies from Fort Fisher as much as possible. I need both greatly in getting these guns in position.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,January 24, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General ABBOT:

The batteries at Crow's Nest and Fort Brady are expending a large amount of ammunition. If measures have not been taken to keep a liberal supply at these points, Major-General Gibbon, commanding Army of the James, directs that it be attended to at once.

JOHN A. KRESS,

Lieutenant and Chief Ordnance Officer.

