
under his command and economize in every way in use of coal. Those that have coal must share with those that have none. Will send him coal as soon as we can. Be vigilant, and be ready to go ahead at a moment's warning. Send the Dragon here as soon as she returns from the Rappahannock.

JAMES TAYLOR,

Commanding Officer.

CITY POINT, VA., January 25, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Present danger from the rebel navy in James River is at an end, and I will take care that there shall be none in future. With a proper, naval commander, and the fleet there is at this disposal, there should have been no cause for apprehension. During the night the rebel gunboats ran back up the river, and were shelled from our batteries. One of them seemed very much disabled. General Ferrero reports that one was blown up and one sunk. We know one was blown up by a shot from Battery Parsons, but I am not entirely satisfied that another was sunk, though it may be so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 25, 1865-2 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

It will be impossible for me to respond to the call of the Committee on the Conduct of the War at present. I will go, however, when I can. In the meantime, if the Committee will summon General Rawlins, chief of staff, they will be able to learn from him about all I could tell them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 25, 1865-3 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point, Va.:

The following is from Honorable M. F. Odell, and is forwarded for your information:

I have just had a conversation with a deserter from the rebel army who has been in the works on the north side of the James over twelve months. He left them last Monday week, January 9. He says the rebels are mining for Harrison, a work taken from them last fall and still held by our men. He has been on the spot and seen the mine. I know the man; he is reliable. He also says that obstructions of a formidable character are now placed in the James River just above Dutch Gap Canal.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., January 25, 1865-9 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

If an order is published allowing prisoners in our hands to purchase food and clothing when they have the means of paying for them a

