
CITY POINT, VA., January 26, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Army of the James:

Major-General Parke has been notified of my intended absence, and in case of active operations to report to you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, January 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General ABBOT,

Broadway Lanidng:

The lieutenant-general, after to-day, will be absent from here for several days, and, until his return, directs me to say that you will not avail yourself of the benefit of your leave of absence granted you from these headquarters.

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, January 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General ABBOT,

Broadway Landing:

The lieutenant-general has reconsidered his decision in your case, and advises that you start on your leave to-morrow morning.

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,In the field, Va., January 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Department Headquarters:

SIR: I respectfully remonstrate against granting permission to the rebel steamer to come down to Cox's Ferry by daylight. They will thus pass all our lines, and, under guise of flag of truce, they will have plenty of leisure and every opportunity ot examine everything-the position of our pickets on both sides of the river, the exact bearing of the guns of Fort Brady, the disposition of our forces. Especially they will learn that we have no troops i the neighborhood of Cox's Ferry, and no new batteries; nothing but Fort Brady itself. In short, they will learn just how an attack can be safely made in that region in the dark. Above all, they will learn that we have as yet placed no obstructions n the river to prevent a repetition of their naval descent. It is no injustice ot the rebel character to presume that their chief object in seeking to come to Cox's Ferry is to spy out precisely this information. I therefore respectfully protest against any such arrangement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. A. WILD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

