
of their respective camps. Colonel G. W. Shurtleff, Fifth U. S. Colored Troops, will remain in charge of the camps of the Third Brigade. Colonel J. W. Ames, commanding Second Brigade, will designate a suitable officer, a sick one if possible, to remain in charge of the camps of the Second Brigade. Bvt. Brigadier General D. Bates will remain in command of all the detachments of the division remaining. All commanding officers of detachments will report to him. All axes in the command will be taken. Brigade commanders will report when they start.

By command of Brigadier General C. J. Paine:

SOLON A. CARTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA, Norfolk, Va., January 3, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE W. LEWIS,Third New York Cavalry:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that during the temporary absence of Brigadier-General Vogdes you assume command of the defenses of Norfolk and Portsmouth, by virtue of seniority.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., January 3, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There is nothing going on down here except a big snow-storm. There is no organized enemy in this Valley nearer than ninety-two miles from my picket-line. The signal officer at Greencastle must be mistaken.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., January 3, 1865.

(Received 9.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The following is the disposition of the troops under my immediate command: The Nineteenth Army Corps is at Stephenson's Depot, with one brigade at Summit Point and one brigade at Winchester. One division of cavalry is on the Romney road west of Winchester; one division on the Berryville pike not far from where it crosses the Opequon; two brigades of cavalry at Clifton, near Summit Point; one strong brigade at Lovettsville, Loudoun County. The troops and horses are nearly all covered for the winter, and without expense to the Government. The weather has been very bad since the 10th of December. Snow has covered the ground since that time, and it has been very cold. The small division of General Crook's command was, on his representation, sent to cover the railroad from Martinsburg westward. I have nothing new to report except the constant reports that a very

