
[Memorandum]

General TURNER:

Send word to Colonel Mulford that parties from such boats will not be allowed to land, and to General Wild to put pickets, not to exceed twenty-five, in field in front of his position to look out for such landing above the wharf.

E. O. C. O.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Fisher, N. C., January 26, 1865.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have received from Major-General Foster, commanding the Department of the South, a letter informing me that the State of North Carolina has been added to his command. He has also sent to me a confidential letter of instructions for my guidance. I inclose copies of both these letters. By the lieutenant-general's letter of instructions to me, dated headquarters Armies of the United States, City Point, Va., January 4, 1865, I was instructed during the operations of the expedition under my command in al official matters to communicate directly with army headquarters unless otherwise ordered. I shall write to Major-General Foster and inform him of the nature of my instructions, and also inform him that I have asked direction in regard to the matter from the lieutenant-general. I shall also say to him that until I receive such instructions I shall endeavor to conform to his views so far as they are applicable to the state of affairs here. I respectfully ask that I may be instructed as to what course I am to pursue and to what headquarters I am to report. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., January 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. H. TERRY, or

COMMANDING OFFICER, U. S. FORCES, WILMINGTON, N. C.:

GENERAL: The District of North Carolina having been added to my department by the honorable Secretary of War, at the request of Major-General Sherman, in order t facilitate concentration of resources to supply his army, I inclose to you the following confidential instructions, which you will carry out if you are to remain there; and if you are removed you will turn over to your successor, with the proper cautions as to secrecy. I may not be present at the time for action, in which case you will depend upon instructions from Brigadier-General Hatch or General Sherman direct. General Sherman, as you will see from general orders inclosed,* has entire command of this as well as the departments forming the Military Division of the Mississippi.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 7, War Department, January 12, 1865, p. 107.

---------------

