
to reply that it is within the authority of a commanding officer to afford temporary relief to those whom the fortunes of war have placed in his hands or under his immediate protection, but that no authority can be given for the subsistence of rebel families outside of our lines, nor even within, any longer than till they can be removed or sent to their friends and natural protectors. The disloyal people of the Shenandoah south of Winchester and outside of our lines have been, and are now, at full liberty to join friends in the rebel service or in other places in the rebel territory. The disloyal within our lines should be sent South to feed upon the enemy. Loyal refugees should be temporarily assisted and sent North where they can earn a livelihood. While the men of Virginia are either serving in the rebel ranks, or, as bushwhackers, are waylaying and murdering our soldiers, our Government must decline to support their wives and children. For these and other sufficient reasons the Secretary of War has declined to approve you application, except to the limited extent above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 27, 1865-11.40 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Near Winchester:

GENERAL: Please state what regiments and batteries composing Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, recently left your command.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., January 27, 1865.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following are the regiments of Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, that recently left my command, viz: Ninth Connecticut Volunteers, Twelfth Maine Volunteers, Seventy-fifth New York Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-first New York Volunteers, Twenty-second Iowa Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-fifth New York Volunteers, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Eighteenth Indiana Volunteers, Twenty-eighth Iowa Volunteers, Fourteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, Fourteenth Maine Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, Eleventh Indiana Volunteers, Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, Eighth Indiana Volunteers, and Twenty-fourth Iowa Volunteers. No artillery was sent with this division. The two batteries, ambulances, and wagons of the division are now at Frederick, Md., intact.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

