
teenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, for a reconnaissance. Each man will have two days' rations and will be warmly clad. Major Gibson will report at once for instructions. The men start very early to-morrow a. m.

Respectfully,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,January 28, 1865.

Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

Harry Gilmor is not as far down as Moorefield, but is on headwaters of Lost River, trying to unite the Second Maryland Battalion and McNeill's and Woodson's companies. My information is that Rosser's division will go east of Blue Ridge, and Lomax come into the Valley about Staunton, and this movement may have commenced. The report of the Beverly affair has not yet reached me.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,January 28, 1865.

Major General GORGE CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

I sent two regiments of cavalry to Wardensville this morning with directions to surprise the three companies of the enemy stationed on the North Fork of the Shenandoah at Columbia Furnace. They will go down Lost Riveer, and may disturb the parties at Moorefield. I would send a force there, but it would be inhumanity to send a nobody out now. I have scarcely ever felt such cold weather as we are having here. I am much alarmed about those that went out this morning.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Seneca, Pendleton County, W. Va., January 28, 1865.

COMMANDER OF POST,

New Creek:

YOUR HONOR, SIR: We have an expectation of being overrun by the rebels if we can get no assistance from the Federal forces. Imboden's command is on the South Branch with twelve miles of here, and some closer, taking and destroying everything they get in reach of, such as property and provision, and, if possible, we would like to have some assistance from some department, for it is impossible for us to withstand the forces that we now have to contend against. Sergt. John H. Miller is going to New Creek after some ammunition we have there. You will let him have as much as he and his squad can bring.

Yours, with respect,

ISAAC P. BOGGS,

Clerk for Captain John Boggs, Commanding State Troops.

