
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

New Creek, W. Va., January 30, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brevet Major-General Kelley.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, Numbers 24. New York City, January 28, 1865.

1. Pursuant to instructions from the Commissary-General of Prisoners, the enlisted men of the rebel prisoners of war (about 850 in number) who arrived on the streamer De Molay will be sent, with their guard, to Elmira, N. Y., and there turned over to commanding officer of prisoner camp at that place. The three commissioned officers, prisoners of war on board the De Molay, will be sent to Fort Columbus, New York Harbor. The following officers will accompany the prisoners, having charge of the guard and the prisoners: Major F. W. Prince, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, in charge; Captain I. S. Green, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery; Lieutenant J. M. Lattimore Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery; Lieutenant W. L. Lanning, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery; and guard of 153 men. After turning over the prisoners the officers and guard will return to New York City and obey such other orders as they may have received. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 29, 1865.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Deserter from Twenty-third South Carolina, Wallacve's brigade, Johnson's division, came to our lines about 11.30 o'clock last evening. He states that he was in Petersburg day before yesterday and was told by a man there, who said he had a son in Mahone's division, that it (Mahone's division) had gone to Weldon the day before (Thursday evening); that they marched. Trains commenced running regularly on the Danville railroad.

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

JANUARY 29, 1865.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

We have this morning direct from Richmond, the following:

Gold selling to-day (the 28th) at forty-five for one. Government has thrown nearly $4,000,000 of paper into the market. No news. Idle rumors of Blair's mission. Papers of yesterday say that a report has been received from Petersburg that a Yankee column of from 6,000 to 10,000 men-infantry, cavalry, and artillery-was advancing up the Chowan River from Colerain, a fishery on that stream, in the direction of Weldon. The object of the Yankees undoubtedly is to strike Weldon,

