
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., January 29, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have given the most thorough orders, throwing aside much urgent and important business, to supply the necessities of the Gas Company of Washington. I am confident we can succeed, in addition to our military transportation, in accomplishing the desired object, provided our military friends upon the line will protect the company from raids, which greatly delay and derange transportation. We are succeeding with the present great movements and deliveries of army supplies, although from the extreme severity of the weather many of our trainmen have been disabled by frozen hands and feet, and we have much difficulty in supplying their places with skilled operatives. Can you aid us in the emergency by ordering a detail of fifty men, to be selected by our officers from troops in the vicinity of the road, for two months, and to be paid by us? We can probably obtain this number of our old and skilled employees now in the Army, who will greatly assist in promoting the interest of the Government and in meeting all its requirements.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HDQRS. FIRST SEPARATE Brigadier, DEPT OF WASHINGTON,Fairfax Court-House, Va., January 29, 1865-6 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

Reports just received from the several stations on the line state all quiet since last report. The scouting detachment to Leesburg has returned. None of the enemy found there. About twenty-five of White's men were there three days ago. A written report will be forwarded to-morrow. The battalion of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry sent to Dumfries and recalled has just returned. No enemy seen. Report will be forwarded to-morrow.

WM. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

I observed to-day that the telegraph line from Alexandria to Fairfaz Station needs a general examination for repairs.

W. G.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., January 29, 1865.

Bvt. Major General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

Refugees from Highland County arrived at Buckhannon to-day; report Colonel Arnett with 700 men at Hightown, where he arrived last Tuesday. Imboden's command on South Fork, in Pendleton County, and Rosser still at Warm Springs. One of the refugees heard a rebel soldier say he thought it was the intention to concentrate their forces and move in this direction.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

