
will see that General Terry has not only been intrusted to consult with but to be guided by your counsel, as far as is consistent with his responsibilities. In my letter of instructions, and also in my letter to you written at the same time, I state that a division of troops numbering from 4,000 to 5,000 men will be in readiness at Fort Monroe to sail to you at an hour's notice. In addition to this, if it becomes necessary to our success, I will send all the men that can be used.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 3. City Point, Va., January 4, 1865.

I. Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Comstock, aide-de-camp, will report to Major General A. H. Terry, and accompany him as chief engineer of the expedition under his command.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., January 4, 1865.

General INGALLS,

Headquarters Armies before Richmond, City Point, Va.:

The Thomas A. Scott will arrive at Fort Monroe to-day with troops; can be spared to go to Baltimore. She, with the three detached from Fort Monroe, and the Suwo Nada, on her way from New York, will be able to move 4,000 men.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, and Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 4, 1865.

Bvt. Major J. C. BATES,Eleventh Infantry, Acting Aide-de-Camp:

MAJOR: Under an arrangement entered into between Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, and General Lee, commanding Army of Northern Virginia, the major-general, commanding directs that you proceed to-morrow morning, under a flag of truce, to the enemy's lines on the Squirrel Level road and deliver the remains of the late Captain R. B. Davis, Fortieth Virginia Regiment, to the officer appointed by General Lee to receive them. Having performed the duty herein indicated, you will return with your party to these headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

