HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, January 30, 1865.

Major-General PARKE:

I fully share what I know must be your regret at the delay concerning the commissioners. If the rebel government is seeking capital this delay will be a point in their favor. If the claim be true that General Grant had already consented to let them pass there can be little doubt but what they will be received, and after a reasonable time has passed would it not be well to admit and detain them here until the authority arrives for forwarding them on?

O. B. WILLCOX,Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 30, 1865-9.05 a. m.

Major General O. B. WILLCOX:

No definite reply has yet been received to the application of yesterday. Should the enemy communicate with you with at 10 this a. m., as I judge he may do, you will please inform him that you have as yet received no reply, but will communication with him as soon as you do. Then let all communication cease.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, January 30, 1865-11.40 a. m.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

The following communication took place by flag of truce about 10 this morning:

Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, assistant agent of exchange, is ready to receive a reply from General Grant with reference to passing certain parties through the lines.

To this Colonel Hatch's last communication, the general commanding the troops on this front directed me to state that he had not received any answer to his communication sent forward yesterday.,

The flag then requested that the answer might be sent over when received, and withdrew.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 30, 1865.

Major General O. B. WILLCOX,Commanding Corps:

General Parke direct that you inform the three gentlemen-Messrs.

Stephens, Hunter, and Campbell-that "by direction of the President a messenger will be dispatched to them at or near where they now are without unnecessary delay."

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General, Chief of Staff.

