
The Sentinel of the 30th contains the following:

Messrs. A. H. Stephens, R. M. T. Hunter, and John A. Campbell left Richmond yesterday morning on their way to Washington to confer with President Lincoln on the subject of putting an end to the war, if possible. The circumstances under which these gentlemen have departed on their mission are understood to be as follows: Mr. F. P. Blair, having sought an unofficial and confidential interview with President Davis, departed for Washington with an assurance that our President would be willing at any time, without any obstacle of form, to send agents or commissioners to Washington to confer about terms of peace, if informed in advance that said commissioners would be received. On Mr. Blair's second visit to Richmond he brought the consent of Mr. Lincoln to receive and confer with any agents, informally sent, with a view to the restoration of peace. The three gentlemen who left yesterday were thereupon selected by the President, and they have gone without formal credentials, and merely as informal agents, to see whether it be possible to place a conference for peace on any basis which may serve for attempting so desirable a result.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, January 30, 1865-10 a. m.

General GIBBON:

General Ord directs that you have your division trains inspected, particularly the ammunition train and ammunition, with the view of seeing if everything is ready to move; to hold your command n readiness, while the road are good, to commence operations at any time. He also further directs that you be on the alert on your front.

JNO. W. TURNER,Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Heckman.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, January 30, 1865-4.45 p. m.

General GIBBON,Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

General Heckman reports the enemy on his front to be "very active" and moving about. General Ord directs that you have your reserves so as to be readily moved.

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, January 30, 1865-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General TURNER,Chief of Staff:

Major Embler, of my staff, has just come in from the line as far to the left as Fort Burnham. He could see no indication of a move in the enemy's line. I sent him out soon as I received your dispatch.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

