
CITY POINT, VA., January 30, 1865. (Received 11.40 a. m.)

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM:

Your dispatch was received. General Grant is obliged for your promptness. He says wharves are greatly needed at Fort Fisher immediately. This work is probably more pressing than the railroad. Be pleased to hasten forward your construction parties, and give such orders as will enable the commanding general to work them at Fort Fisher or on the New Berne and Kinston railroad at both or either place. I repeat that the work is necessary at once.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, January 31, 1865-10 a. m. (Received 12.30 p. m.)

President A. LINCOLN,

Washington, D. C.:

The following communication was received here last evening.*

I have sent directions to receive these gentlemen, and expect to have them at my quarters this evening awaiting your instructions.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, January 31, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

A messenger is coming to you on the business contained in your dispatch. Detain the gentlemen in comfortable quarters until he arrives, and then act upon the message he brings as far as applicable, it having been made up to pass through General Ord's hands, and when the gentlemen were supposed to be beyond our lines.

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., January 31, 1865-7 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Please inform General Schofield that since my absence Mahone's division, about 5,000 strong, has gone south. My opinion is, however, they will not stop at Wilmington. It is important that Schofield should move without deadly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, January 31, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On my arrival here this morning I received a letter from Messrs. Stephens, Hunter, and Campbell, which I immediately telegraphed

---------------

*See Stephen, Campbell, and Hunter to Grant, p. 297.

---------------

