
Island, New York Harbor, will immediately relieve Brigadier General William Hays, U. S. Volunteers, in his duties as assistant to the provost-marshal-general, superintendent volunteer recruiting service, and chief mustering and disbursing officer for the Southern Division of the State of New York.

4. Brigadier General William Hays, U. S. Volunteers, upon being relieved in his present duties in the State of New York, will report in person without delay to the commanding general Army of the Potomac for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 31, 1865.

Will you please inform the major-general commanding, by bearer, what proportion of your command will be required to hold your inclosed works (with the picket-line), these being reduced to the minimum. Please state also what proportion of your field artillery you can take with you, and state the number of guns. Make preparations so that, if called upon, you can move at short notice, provided with six days' rations. Other instructions will be sent in full before any movement takes place. You will nominate a division to be held in reserve.

By command of Major-General Parke:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officers Second, Sixth, and Ninth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, January 31, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes in the disposition of the troops of this command since last report. Five deserters form the enemy came into our lines during the night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, January 31, 1865-11.20 a. m.

Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I propose putting the mortars in Fort Fisher when finished, as upon examination I find that they will be most conveniently placed there. The company should hut in the fort as it has only forty men. The present infantry garrison and other infantry occupy all the ground in rear of the work and on the right and left. I mention this to ascertain if the chief engineer and chief of artillery have any objections to the arrangements.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

