
CONFIDENTIAL HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

CIRCULAR January 31, 1865.

Division commanders will hold themselves in readiness to move at very brief notice, with six days' rations on hand. The meant ration being two of salt beef and four of fresh beef on the hoof, respecting which full instructions have been given the acting chief commissary of the corps.

No orders, however, for any change in the usual issue of rations to the troops will be made until further instructions from these headquarters .

In the event of any movement taking place orders similar to those issued December 7, 1864, will be promulgated in respect to supplies, ammunition, and teams to accompany the troops. All other trains will be sent to the rear within the lines at City Point.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, January 31, 1865.

Bvt. Major General N. A. MILES,First Division:

GENERAL: In the event of a movements taking place the intrenchments form Fort Fisher to Fort Cummings, both included,with will be assigned as follows from your division: For Fort Fisher and the part of the new inclosing redout, 300 privates; for Fort Welch, 175 privates; for Fort Gregg, 75 privates; for Fort Sampson, 75 privates; for Fort Cummings, 175 privates; all with the proper complement of officers and non-commissioned officers. For the picket the same force now picketing the First Division front (the strength of which you will please report at once) and 300 men for picket relief and contingencies. In making these assignments regimental and brigade organizations will be preserved as far as possible. The contingent force will be posted near the most important works. An officer will be assigned to command the whole. Two hundred rounds of ammunition for this force will be placed in the redoubts. The division commissary will be prepared to have the force just specified rationed as follows: Eight days' rations of bread, sugar, and coffee; six days' salt meat; two days' beef on hoof, and two days' salt. You will report the organizations assigned, as herein directed,with their strength and the names of the commanders, as well as the name of the commander of the whole.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-A note the next morning, February 1, stated to General Miles, that instead of assigning the force herein specified, he would merely designate it to me, be prepared to assign at very brief notice, and to have the supplies of food and ammunition ready to be placed in the works.

