
KAUTZ'S HEADQUARTERS, January 31, 1865.

General TURNER:

Colonel Evans returned very early this morning bringing in seven prisoners. I directed him to make a written report, which will be forwarded as soon as received.*

A. V. KAUTZ,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE JAMES, In the Field, January 31, 1865.

Colonel WEST:

COLONEL: The general commanding division directs that you prepare your command with six days' rations,four days' in haversacks, form Thursday next, preparatory to moving with all the available force of your command at that time. Will send you instructions as soon as received from department headquarters. You will keep this orders as much a secret as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,H. C. WHIPPLE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Spear, Colonel Evans, commanding officer Fourth Wisconsin Battery, and Lieutenant Sherman, acting assistant quartermaster.)
HDQRS. GENERAL RENDEZVOUS, SOUTHEASTERN VIRGINIA, Newport News, Va., January 31, 1865.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Eastern Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to report in relation to the field-works of this command, that they consist of a single line of breast-works and two river batteries in quiet a dilapidated condition form the action of the weather. These are mounted with no guns of any description. That the above works are designated by any other names than that of the post I am not aware.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

LOREN BURRITT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Rendezvous.

Report of field-works in the District of Eastern Virginia, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, giving the name and location of each work, together with the number, kind, and caliber of the arms with which they are armed, for the month ending January 31, 1865.

Name	 Location	 Guns	 Kind	 Caliber

Redan	 On right of	 2	 Siege guns	 24-pounder

Numbers 1	 line of

 defenses

Battery	 Scott's {1	 Howitzer	 12-pounder

Scott	 Creek	 	 (bronze)

 bridge {2	 Field guns	 6-pounder

 	 	 (light)

Fort	 On line of {3	 Sea-coast	 42-pounder

Woodruff	 	 	 guns

 defenses {1	 Parrott gun	 100-

 	 	 	 pounder

Redan	 do {2	 Siege guns	 18-pounder

Numbers 2.

 {1	 do	 12-pounder

---------------

*See Part I, p. 371.

---------------

21 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

