
They say the ending of letter I delivered to them is the only objectionable point, and one that, in their opinion, should be left out of both the letter they bring and the one they received, adding, if they accept the latter, and terms are not agreed upon, it would be an acknowledgment that might prejudice the interests of the people they represent.

THOS. T. ECKERT,

Major, &amp;c.

The above written at City Point February 1, but on account of line being out of order, was brought to Fort Monroe, and telegraphed from there. The lines is now in order.

CITY POINT, VA., February 1, 1865-10 p.m.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have the honor to report the delivery of your communication and my letter at 4.15 this afternoon, to which i received a reply at 6 p. m., but not satisfactory. At 8 p.m. the following note addressed to General Grant was received:

CITY POINT, VA., February 1, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

SIR: We desire to go to Washington City to confer informally with the President personally, in reference to the matters mentioned in his letter to Mr. Blair of the 18th of January ultimo, without any personal compromise on any question in the letter. We have the permission to do so from the authorities in Richmond.

Very respectfully, yours,

ALEX. H. STEPHENS.

R. M. T. HUNTER.

J. A. CAMPBELL.

At 9.30 p. m. I notified them that they could not proceed further uncles they complied with the terms expressed in my letter. The point of meeting designated in above note would not, in my opinion, be insisted upon. I think Fort Monroe would be acceptable. Having complied with my instructions I will return to-morrow unless other wise ordered.

THOS. T. ECKERT,

Major, &c.

FORT MONROE, February 1, 1865-11.30 p.m .

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I arrived here at 10 o'clock this evening, and shall remain here to meet the persons form Richmond. Send Major Eckert here, if he is with you.

W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

CITY POINT, VA., February 1, 1865-10.30 p.m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Now that the interview between Major Eckert, under his written instructions, and Mr. Stephens and party has ended, I will state confidentially, but not officially to become a matter of record, that I am convinced, upon conversation with Messrs. Stephens and Hunter, that their

