
teers has been ordered to report to Major N. Church, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, for garrison duty at Fort Fisher. This will increase the garrison of that work to about 300 muskets. In the meantime, if necessity should require that the fort should be manned, a detail of 150 men from the Sixty-first New York Volunteers will be made by you for that purpose.

Very respectfully,

R. A. BROWN,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, February 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel S. F. BARSTOW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the past twenty-four hours.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, February 1, 1865.

Division commanders will hold their commands in readiness to move at very short notice, provided with six day's rations.

By command of Brevet Major-General Getty:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, February 1, 1865.

Captain C. H. WHITTELSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication of this date, I have the honor to report two small forts in the rear line-viz, McMahon and Davison-as the only ones at present garrison by this division, the garrison in each being twenty-five men. Fort Howard and Batteries 25 and 26 were garrisoned in December, when under the command of General Humphreys, the strength of each being alike, viz, 150 men. The extra ammunition ordered to be stored in these last-named works for the garrisons, pickets, and reserve force was returned to the division ordnance storehouse, as the magazines were defective. The particular garrisons for the works in the front line, and the officer to command each, in the event of a movement, were then designated and placed under command of Colonel Allen, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, now on leave. The removal of the ammunition from the magazines was by order of the chief ordnance officer, headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Very respectfully,

F. WHEATON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

