
men comfortably. I have sent 1,400 men for the Atlantic on steamers Colyer and Georgia. If possible, send the Ben De Ford for headquarters boat. Let me know all the particulars of your actions at Fort Monroe.

GEO. S. DODGE,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, VA., January 4, 1865.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Expedition against Fort Fisher:

A letter received from Admiral Porter since your former instructions were delivered asks that the transport fleet may be assembled at Beaufort, N. C. As the collection of so many vessels loaded with troops at that point would be likely to advertise to the enemy the object of the expedition, I think it will be desirable for you to run in with your own vessel and consult with Admiral Porter, leaving the remainder of the vessels outside. As you go without the Naval Brigade, you will require the assistance of the navy, both in men and boats, to aid you in landing troops and supplies. I have not a doubt but it will afford the naval commander pleasure to furnish these, but it is a subject you will want to have understood before leaving Beaufort. On your arrival off Fort Fisher, especially if a landing is effected, you may find yourself deficient in many things you will want. Such of them as Beaufort will supply send there directly for; for the balance send to Fort Monroe, communicating from that point directly with these headquarters by telegraph. During the operations of the expedition placed in your command you will in all official matters communicate directly with these headquarters, unless otherwise ordered.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,January 4, 1865.

General TERRY,

Bermuda:

The lieutenant-general desires me to ask how many steamers have gone down and how many are now at Bermuda. What fraction of your force is aboard?

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, January 4, 1865.

General TERRY,Bermuda:

The hospital steamers fitted up are at Savannah. You will have to make the best arrangements you can, using in emergency the cabins of the transports which take the troops. You should supply yourself with the Napoleon ammunition needed-say, 300 rounds per gun.

By command of General Grant:

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

