
FORT MONROE, February 2, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

I arrived here at 9 o'clock this a. m. Mr. Seward expresses his satisfaction of course pursued in reply to letters received yesterday. He came here on strength of first letter you received, on which you admitted them within your lines. From that it was believed they would accept the terms; therefore started at once, to save delay. Mr. Seward desires me to say to you confidentially, general, message just received stating the President left Washington at 9 o'clock this a. m. for Fort Monroe.

THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Major, &amp;c.

CITY POINT, VA., February 2, 1865.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE, Providence, R. I.:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say to you that he has received your dispatch of this date, asking for permission to see him at City Point on Sunday next, and answered it by telegraph in the negative. He further directs me to say to you that he asked to have you put in temporary command of the Middle Department during the absence of Major General Lew. Wallace, and supposed it had been so ordered, but from the caption of your dispatch infers that it has not; and that which he can assign you, or duty on which to order you, without making changes it is not desirable should be made.

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.

CITY POINT, VA., February 2, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

I am happy to state to you that I am just in receipt of a dispatch form Washington announcing your confirmation as major-general in the Regular Army by a heavy majority.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 2, 1865-11.15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Many thanks for your kind telegram. Be assured I shall ever most gratefully remember your kindness on this and other occasions.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 6. February 2, 1865.

Colonel George D. Ruggles, additional aide-de-camp and assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, having reported in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 47, current series, form the Adjutant-General's Office, is assigned to duty at these headquarters and announced as chief of the adjutant-general's department of this army.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

23 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

