HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARTILLERY CORPS, February 2, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General G. W. WEST,Corps Officer of the Day:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires me to notify you that the signal officer of the corps has reported to him that the enemy have doubled their picked opposite the Boswell house this day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, February 2, 1865.

Colonel RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during past twenty-four hours.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, February 2, 1865. (Received 10.55 a. m.)

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,Chief of Staff:

Nothing unusual along our lines during the past twenty-four hours. The picket officer along the Appomattox reports that about 2 a. m. sharp picket-firing was heard on other side of river. Some cannonading now going on on right of our line. Nothing unusual, but as yet no report.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, February 2, 1865. (Received 5.35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Richmond Sentinel of February 2 contains the following:

The attention of all is called to the appeal of General Lee in another column urging the delivery to Confederate States officers of all arms and cavalry equipment in the hands of citizens.

South Carolina.-The news from Charleston of the enemy's movements indicate that Augusta nd Branchville are the points aimed at. The Twentieth Army Corps is at Robertsville, fifty miles above Savannah and five miles form the river. A heavy force of infantry, artillery, and cavalry, believed to be composed of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps, is said to be encamped near the junction of the Salkehatchie and old Union road. On the 30th the enemy, with artillery and infantry, advanced form White Point and drove in our skirmish line three miles, to King's Creek. Our infantry afterward advanced and drove the enemy back to White Point re-establishing the picket-line. On the 31st the enemy made a demonstration on the position, defending the pontoon bridge over the Salkehatchie, but without result. It is reported that they burnt the village of McPhersonville, five miles southwest of Pocotaligo, on the night of the 30th.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General

