
CITY POINT, VA., February 2, 1865-11 a. m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD:

If you have not already put Gordon in command at Norfolk I will order C. C. Washburn three. He made the best commander for West Tennessee we have ever had.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 2, 1865.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Army of the James:

By information received from Richmond, I learn that on the last occasion when your cavalry went out they could have gone into Richmond without position if they had attempted it. From the Nine-Mile road into the city there is but little at present to resist an advance. I wish you would have this matter investigated as far as you can without attracting the attention of the enemy to it, and also get such information as you can of the condition of the roads which would have to be traversed to get from your position by the enemy's left and on the railroads running north form Richmond. If this weather continues for a few days I think of making such a move. You would be re-enforced in that case with one corps from the Army of the Potomac,a nd a second corps would be held in readiness to join you if any considerable force should be taken form Petersburg to go against you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, February 2, 1865-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

The only fighting force that I now have here is cavalry. I believe that I could spare a division, but it will increase the feeling of insecurity which the sending off of the infantry produced; then General Crook wants more cavalry. The indications now are that the enemy will get together a considerable force of cavalry in the spring. I have now 10,000 calvary in pretty good condition, and in another month it will be in excellent condition. I would like to comply with your wishes, and if the division is much needed it would perhaps be best to take a little risk. I delayed one day in replying to your telegram, as I was reviewing the cavalry and wished to see it before sending an answer.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, February 2, 1865-12 m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Major-General Stahel is in Baltimore in the same fix that General McCook was, and asks for orders. Shall I relieve him and order him to

