HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, January 4, 1865.

General J. W. TURNER:

A rebel deserter who came into our lines last night reports that Kershaw's division was ready to move with three days' rations. By some mistake the deserter was turned over to Brigadier-General Birney, Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

CHAS. DEVENS,Brigadier-General.

I have sent for him.

J. W. T.

U. S. STEAMER DON, Saint Inigoes, Ma., January 4, 1865.

(Received 6.50 p. m.)

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

Will you please give an order to work day and night on the vessels of the flotilla at the Navy-Yard. I need them. The rebels are up to some deviltry on the Rappahannock. I captured there this morning two barrels of powder and two torpedoes, and I learn from various sources that a torpedo expedition is being organized for an attack in this quarter.

FOXHALL A. PARKER,

Commander, Commanding Potomac Flotilla.

SAINT INIGOES, January 4, 1865.

(Received 6.55 p. m.)

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

Telegram just received. Will leave immediately for Washington.

F. A. PARKER,

Commander, Commanding Potomac Flotilla.

WINCHESTER, January 4, 1865-6 p. m.

(Received 6.55 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I transmit the following information obtained from deserter that left Richmond last Wednesday, and just arrived at this place. It may corroborate information which you have already received. Gordon's, Pegram's, and Grimes' divisions went from the Valley to Petersburg, and went into the trenches. Pegram came out to Gordonsville when the cavalry was in that vicinity, then returned to Richmond, and all three of the divisions went south of Richmond. Wharton's division is at Fishersville, between Waynesborough and Staunton; Rosser is at Lexington; Lomax, on the Rapidan River. The divisions that went south lost very heavily by desertion. It is reported that there is about two months' supplies in Richmond, and that they are preparing for a siege, and that the supplies coming are flour and bacon, and that they are all coming from the south.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

