
firmed previous knowledge of his position. He had pickets thrown out on all the roads toward the Chickahominy. The roads were more or less obstructed, even where Colonel Evans was, and refugees have all long reported that the timber has all been cut down to make the country more difficult. The distance to the Nine-Mile road, due north, is about six miles. The enemy's position could not be reached on that road within a march of ten or twelve miles. It would be an accident if a command reached any great distance without the movement becoming known to the enemy, and they certainly could not get in one the Nine-Mile road without all the opposition that Gary's command could make. I understand the Nine-Mile road to be the one north of the York River Railroad leading from Richmond to new Bridge. There is still another road north of it, called Christian's road, where this division tried to get thought he inner line of entrancements, and failed, on account of ignorance of the locality, in the night 29th of September last. At present the enemy's position in that vicinity is on the line of entrancements constructed to oppose Mc Clellan in 1862, and is about three miles farther form Richmond. It is thinly defended, and, if it could be approached without sufficient warning to the enemy and without delay, could be carried-that is, my command against Gary's. The enemy, however, have superior advantages for concentrating, giving thinner line and telegraphic communication. These two roads are the most available for turning the enemy's left flank. There is no available road beyond without crossing the Chickahominy, which is at this season of the year quite an obstacle. Heretofore I have depended for information of the country beyond the Charles City road on the statements of refugees and deserters. To obtain more definite information it would be necessary to sent patrols sufficiently strong to drive in picket-stations or spies; to send the latter, money is necessary. If the general will pay such expenses I think I can obtain men who will perform the duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier and Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, &amp;C., February 3, 1865.

This is in answer to a confidential note to General [Kautz], quoting what you think might have been done, and to stir him up.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Lieutenant General U. S. Grant.

E. O. C. ORD,Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Winchester, Va., February 3, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Washington, D. C.:

I think the bridge over the Rapidan has again been rebuilt. An occasional train of cars comes as far as Culperer. When you have a favorable opportunity it would be well to burn it or cut it down.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

