
LOVETTSVILLE, February 3, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORSYTH:

I sent one scouting party around by Hillsborough and Woodson, returning by road between Short Hills and Loudoun Mountain. I sent another by Purcellville to Circleville, returning by Hamilton and Wterford. They could learn nothing of White's concentration at Upperville, but a large number of his men are in that country. Captured White's surgeon' chased Mobberly, who got off; and captured the notorious Payne and six others. What shall I do with the doctor and the other men? Payne should be tried by a military commission and shot. Since I have been here he has been robbing all around, ask shot one man and nearly beat another to death for his money. I ordered that he should not be brought in alvei, but he was not recognized in time. If he is tried I will furnish the evidence. I have him tied hand and foot. Please answer as to disposition of prisoners, and can I send them by rail?

Very respectfully,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 4, 1865-12.20 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The President desires me to repeat that nothing transpired or transpiring with the three gentlemen form Richmond is to cause nay change, hindrance, or delay of your military plans of operations.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., February 4, 1865.

CONFIDENTIAL.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The appearance of Mr. Stephens and party within our lines has had no influence on military movements whatever. The swamps about Richmond and Petersburg are entirely impassable for artillery if I wanted to move by either flank. But I do not want to do anything to force the enemy from Richmond until Schofield carries out his program. He is to take Wilmington and then push out to Goldsborough, or as near it as he can go, and build up the road after him. He will then be in a position to assist Sherman if Lee should leave Richmond with any considerable force, and the two together will be strong enough for all the enemy have to put against them. Teerry is being re enforced from here with the fragments of divisions which were left behind when he started on his expedition. The number left in this way proves to be 5,500 men. Schofield takes about 33,000 effective men, and Terry has already about 7,500. Altogether this makes a formidable force., I shall necessary have to take the odium of apparent inactivity, but if it results, as I except it will, in the discomfiture of Lee's army, I shall be entirely satisfied.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

