
CONFIDENTIAL.] CITY POINT, VA., February 4, 1865.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I would like to take advantage fo the present good weather to destroy or capture as much as possible of the enemy's wagon train, which it is understood is being used in connection with the Weldon railroad to partially supply the troops about Petersburg. You may get the cavalry ready to do this as soon as possible. I think the cavalry should start at 3 a. m. either to-morrow or the day following, carrying one and a half days' forage and three days' rations with the. They should take no wagons and but few ambulances. Let the Second Corps move at the same time, but independent of the cavalry has done the enemy all the harm it can and returns to that point. The infantry may take four days' rations in haversacks and one and a half days' forage for the cavalry in wagons. The artillery taken along may be reduced to one battery to each division or one section from each battery, at your option. The Fifth Corps should also be held in readiness to got o the support of the Second Corps if the enemy should move out to attack. Probably it will be well to move the Fifth Corps at the same time with the Second Corps, sending it by a road west of the one taken by the latter, and to go but about half way to Stony Creek, unless required to do so to meet movements of the enemy. They will go out prepared to remain four days.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865-1.45 p. m. (Send 2.10 p. m. Received 3 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch per Captain Dunn received. The Second Corps has one division in the line. The relieving this division would take time and attract the attention of the enemy. I propose to send the Fifth Corps to Stony Creek and two divisions of the Second to Reams' Station, where they will be in position to support Warren or return to our left flank if threatened. Please advise me if this meets your approbation.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 4, 1865-3.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your arrangement for moving troops is satisfactory. I mentioned the Second Corps for the longest march merely because the last expedition was made by the First Corps.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865-3.45 p. m. (Send 4.30 p. . Received 5.45 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am awaiting a reply to my telegram of 1.45 before issuing any orders. I learn the enemy wagon on the Boydton plank road, crossing

