
the Nottoway at Birchett's Bridge. I propose to send Warren to the crossing of Stony Creek by the Vaughan road, and Humphreys to the crossing of Hatcher's Run by the same road. This will be extending our position in supporting distances nearly to Dinwiddie Court-House. The cavalry will strike the road at Dinwiddie and move up and down, looking for the trains. We have as good a chance fo striking these terrains near Dinwiddie as near Belfield, and the infantry will not have so far to march, and should the enemy be disposed to come out and fifth, we shall be in good position to invite them. Please let me have your views, and the movement will at once be ordered for to-morrow. I venture to make one suggestion: Are the objects to be attained commensurate with the disappointment which the public are sure to entertain if you make any movement any return without some striking result?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, February 4, 1865-6. 45 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. LMEADE:

I presume you are in receipt of my answer to your dispatch of 1.30 p. m. before this. Your arrangements are satisfactory. The objects to be attained are of importance. I will telegraph to Secretary Stanton in advance, showing the object of the movement, the publication of which, with the reports of operations, will satisfy the public. When do your troops start out?

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865-7.45 p. m. (Sent 8.15 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch of 7 p. m. received. The orders are all issued; the cavalry will move at 3 a. m. and the infantry at 7 a. m. Contragands have come in this p. m., reporting the departure last Thursday week of Butler's division of cavalry for North Carolina. This would leave only one division, W. H. F. Lee's, to oppose Gregg.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, February 4, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

If Gregg can possibly go to Belfield he probably will be enabled to destroy a large amount of stores accumulated there. The departure of one division fo the enemy's cavalry will favor this.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

