
FEBRUARY 4, 1865.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Information from contraband that left Belfield last Thursday that Butler's division of cavalry went to North Carolina a week ago last Thursday, also infantry about the same time. They say they saw the cavalry when it left. Have informed General Meade, who has directed me to report it to you, and request you to inform General Grant.

J. C. B[ABCOCK].
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 57. Washington, February 4, 1865.

* * * * * *

5. Captain Oliver Matthews, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby relieved form duty in the Middle Department, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Hancock, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Army Corps, for duty.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865.

The following movements have been ordered for to-morrow, February 5:

1. Brevet Major-General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division, has been ordered to start with his division form his present camp at 3 a. m. to-morrow, to proceed via Reams' Station to the Boydton plank road, for the purpose of intercepting and capturing any of the enemy's wagon trains carrying supplies form Belfield, and should an opportunity occur to inflict any injury on the enemy, to avail himself of it.

2. To support the cavalry, Major-General Warren has been ordered to move his corps at 7 a. m. to a point designated as J. Hrave's house, on the road leading from Rowanty Post-Office to Dinwiddie Court-House.

3. Major-General Humphreys has been directed to hold with two divisions of his corps the crossing of the Vaughan road over Hatcher's Run and Armstrong's Mills, keeping up communication with General Warren on his front and our lines in his rear.

Since the remainder fo this army may be called upon to move to-morrow, Major-General Parke, commanding Ninth Corps, and Brevet major-General Getty, commanding Sixth Corps, and commanding officer of the division of the Second Corps left in the line of works by Major-General Humphreys, will hold their commands in readiness to move at short notice, anticipating that the movement to be ordered will consist of the withdrawal of all the troops except the minimum number necessary to maintain the picket-line and the garrisons fo the work. The chiefs fo staff departments will designate officers to take charge of such trains and property as may be directed to be withdrawn to the entrenchments covering City Point in the event of a movement of the whole

