HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Commanding Second Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock with the two divisions of your corps not on the line to the crossing fo the Vaughan road over Hatcher's Run and to Armstrong's Mills. You will hold these two points and the communications with General Warren in your front and our lines in your rear. Major-General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division, has been ordered to move at 3 a. m. to-morrow and, passing thought Reams' Station, to strike the Boydton plank road at Dinwiddie Court-House. He is to endeavor to intercept and capture any wagon trains carrying supplies form Belfield, and to take advantage of any opportunity of inflicting injury on the enemy. General Warren, with a regiment of cavalry from Gregg at 7 a. m., passing though Reams' Station and taking the road crossing hatcher's Run at W. Perkins', and taking position on the Dinwidie Court-House road at or near J. Hargrave's. You will take with your four days' rations (three on hoof) and fifty rounds of ammunition on the person and forty rounds in reserve. One-half of the usual allowance of ambulances, with one hospital and one medicine wagon to each brigade, together with one-half the entrenching tools, besides the pioneer tools, will be taken with you. Such of your pickets on the rear line as are necessary for the protection of our camps from guerrillas may be left; the remainder of the pickets belongings to the two divisions you take with you may be withdrawn. You will take with command, will still report directly to these headquarters anything of importance that may occur, independent of his report to you. You are taking position to support General Warren, and should anything occur to render it necessary for him to call upon you for re-enforcement you will furnish them.

General Warren is notified of this.

Your obedient servant,ALE. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865-3.15 p. m.

Major-General WEBB, Chief of Staff:

I have given all the orders, including those to the artillery. There are two or three points which need notice:

First. I shall keep up the picket-line, and direct the First division to relieve the Second and Third Division line, unless otherwise directed. Let me know.

Second. It is usual in a brief movement even to take one medicine and one hospital wagon to each brigade. No mention is made of them in your note, and I have given no order about them. They ought to go.

Third. No mention is made of artillery. I have available one battery six guns (3-inch), one battery six guns(12-pounder), one battery four guns (12-pounders). I have ordered them all got ready. Two would perhaps be enough, depending upon the nature of the operations, respecting which I know nothing.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

