HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865-8.40 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

The cavalry at these headquarters (349) will report to you at 6 a. m. to-morrow, and the telegraph will be run to Hatcher's Run.

ALE. S. WEBB,Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865-10.05 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

General Warren has obtained orders to move down the Halifax road to Rowanty Post-Office, crossing the run at W. Perkins', and thence to the point first ordered.

ALE. S. WEBB,

Breet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

CIRCULAR. February 4, 1865-11.55 p. m.

The following communication is to be regarded as confidential, except so far as it may be necessary to issue instructions respecting any part of it:

1. Major-General Gregg will move at 3 a.l m. to-morrow, passing by Reams' Station, to Dinwiddie Court-House.

2. Major-General Warren will move with his corps at 7 a. m. to morrow (the 5th) by the Halifax road, cross Hatcher's Run at W.perkins', and move to the vicinity of J. Hargrave's.

3. Brigadier-General Smith, Second Corps, will move his division punctually at 7 a. m. to-morrow by the Vaughan road past the cummings house, and by the cross-road tot he vicinity of Armstrong's Mill, where he will take position to hold the crossing of Hatcher's Run, and will also cover the cross-road by which he moves from the Vaughan road and look up the Duncan road toward the Watkins house. His division will be preceded by a cavalry force of 350 men, who will drive the enemy's vedettes beyond Hatcher's Run, both on the Vaughan road and at Armstrong's Mill, and send forward a detachment to Dabney's Mill as soon as any force that may be at the crossing of the Vaughan road is driven off and the crossing secured by the infantry.

4. Major General G. Mott, Second Corps, will follow General Smith with his division, cross a brigade over Hatcher's Run, and hold the roads beyond leading to Armstrong's Mill and Dabney's Mill. he will post a brigade at the crossing of Hatcher's Run and one where the cross-road to Armstrong's Mill leaves the Vaughan road.

5. In moving the Second Division will look out for its right flank and front, and, in conjunction with the Third Division, will establish a line connecting with the corps picket-line near the Tucker house or that vicinity.

6. Major-General Miles will hold his command, including the garrison fo the rear works, ready to move, excepting the force heretofore specified for garrisons, pickets, as the picket-line south of he road

