
running west form Fort Cumminst will require to be changed quickly by orders from the commanding general. General Miles will instruct the officer in charge of that part of the line accordingly.

By order of Major-General Humphreys"

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 4, 1865-12 m.

Brevet Major-General HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

The enemy opened fire on McGilvery with all the guns bearing on it, doing but little damage. Our guns replied from McGilvery and Battery 5.

JNO. C. TIDBALL.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865.

Major-General MILES,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The following are the instructions the major-general commanding desires to give you: You will detail an officer to relieve at once Colonel Olmsted, First Brigade, Second Division, as corps officer of the day. You will at once relieve the picket of the Second division, 355 men, with the proper complement of officers and non-commissioned officers. At 8 a. m. to-morrow you will send garrisons to Forts Emery and Siebert-the former 150 men, the latter 200 men. The Third division pickets will not be relieved by you, but will be withdrawn by General Mott as he moves, excepting a sufficient force to protect the camps in their rear against guerrillas. The Second and Third Divisions are to move at 7 a. m. to-morrow, each with a battery of artillery, to Hatcher's Run-at Armstrong's Mill and at the crossing of the Vaughan road-and will keep up communication with you, the picket-lines connecting. One battery of artillery in reserve will remain here. You will continue under my command, but will report direct to army headquarters, as well as to myself, anything of importance tat may occur.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865.

Major GEORGE D. PIFER,

Fifty-third Penn. Vols., Div. Officer of the Day, First Div.:

MAJOR: The Second Division picket-line will be relieved to-night by troops form this division. As soon as it is done you will assume command of the whole. Lieutenant Wood, assistant commissary of musters, of the division staff, will conduct the detail to the line on the road run-

