
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, February 4, 1865.

Upon leaving camp to-morrow morning a camp guard will be left in charge of same. The following will be the order of march: First Brigade; Second Brigade; Third Brigade.

By order of Brigadier-General Smith:

JNO. M. NORVELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,Commanding Third Division:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you move your division at 7 a. m. to-morrow, by a route of which you will be notified shortly, with the rations, ammunition, ambulances, &amp;c., stated in the communication of this date, and, in addition, one hospital and one medical wagon for each brigade. Your pickets will not be relieved by the First Division, but will be drawn off and join your column when moving, you leaving just sufficient to cover the camp in their rear from guerrillas. They will keep their connection with the picket on the right. You will see that the men now on picket who are to move with the command are properly supplied with shelter-tents, rations, &c., in time to join the column. A battery of artillery will be ordered to report to you. You will details three non commissioned officers and thirty privates (picked men), to report at 7 a. m. to-morrow to Major Palmer, provost-marshal, at these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865.

The division will move at 7 a. m., the 5th instant. The order of march will be: First Brigade, Brigadier-General De Trobriand; Roder's battery; Second Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General West; Third Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister; ambulances, spring wagons, ammunition train. Colonel Price, division officer of the day, will have the pickets, with the expection of the 150 who are left on the line near the McDougall house on the Vaughan road, so that they may join their commands as they pass that post. All available men will be in the ranks; none but those that are not able to march will be left to guard the camps.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865-11 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST BRIGADE:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you move your brigade at 7 a. m. to-morrow, by a route to be indicated to you by a staff officer from these headquarters, with the rations, ammu-

