
nition, &amp;c., directed in previous circular. In addition to the wagons mentioned therein one medical and one hospital wagon for each brigade will accompany the troops. Your pickets will not be relieved by the First Division, but will be drawn off and join your column when moving, you leaving sixty men, properly officered, on the picket-line, to cover the camps in the rear from guerrillas. The senior brigade officer of the details from the division will take charge of the line and see that the connection is kept up right and left. He directs that you cause the men now on picket who are to move with the command to be properly supplied with rations, shelter-tents, &c., in time to join the column.

By column of Brevet Major-General Mott:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you make your arrangements to move with four days' rations and fifty rounds of ammunition on the person, forty rounds in reserve wagons. You will move with no other wagons and with but one-half the usual allowance of ambulances. Special instructions will be sent you.

Your obedient servant,

ALE. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FEBRUARY 4, 1865-7 P. M.

General WEBB:

The best route for me to take is down the Halifax road to Rowanty Post-Office, and then to take the road direct to the crossing of Rowanty Creek at W. Perkins'. It will be considerably shorter than to go down the plank road and via Reams' Station.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move your corps to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock down the Halifax road to Rowanty Post-Office, then by the road direct to the crossing of Rowanty Creek at W. Peerkins', thence across Hatcher's Run to J. Hargrave's ont he road leading to Dinwiddie Court-House, taking position at or near that point to support General Gregg's cavalry. General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division, has been ordered to move at 3 a. m. to-morrow, and, passing through Reams' Station, to strike the Boydton plank road at Dinwiddie Court-House. He is to endeavor to intercept and capture any wagon trains carrying supplies from Belfield, and to take advantage of any opportunity of inflicting injury on the enemy. Major-

