
General Humphreys has been ordered to move with two divisions of his corps to the crossing of the Vaughan road over Hatcher's Run and Armstrong's Mills, to hold these points and the communications with you and with our lines in his rear. General Gregg has been ordered to detach one regiment of cavalry to report to you, and to leave with you a supply train and reserve ammunition, which will accompany you to J. Hargrave's. He is ordered to notify you of all that occurs, and in the event of an engagement to take his orders from you. You will take with you two batteries, one fired and one smooth-bore, and the usual amount of ammunition in limbers and caissons. You will be rationed for four days from to-morrow a. m. (three on hoof), with fifty rounds of ammunition on the person and forty rounds in reserve. One-half the usual allowance of ambulances, with one hospital and one medicine wagon to each brigade, together with one-half the entrenching tools, besides the pioneer tools, will be taken with you. Such of your pickets on the rear line as are necessary for the protection of your camps form guerrillas may be left. General Humphreys has been directed of furnish yo re-enforcement, should you call for them. A telegraph line will be run to General Humphreys' headquarters on Hatcher's Run, and general headquarters will either be here or on the road from here to you.

Your obedient servant,

ALE. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865-7.50 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff:

I propose to leave my picket-line as it is, to remain on. The detail for the whole line is 1,400 men. Please reply.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 4, 1865-8.35 P. M.

General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your instructions will leave the picket question to you.

A. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR. HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865-1.30 p. m.

The commanding general desires that you hold your command in readiness to move, with four days' rations, fifty rounds of ammunition on the person, forty rounds in reserve wagons. No other wagons will accompany the troops, and but one-half the ambulances. Further instructions will be issued.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

