HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, February 4, 1865.

COLONEL: In accordance with circular of this date, I have the honor to report as follows:

First Division: First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Samuel Harriman, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers; Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Byron M. Cutheon, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers; Third Brigade, commanded by Bvt. Brigadier General N. B. McLaughlen, U. S. Volunteers, colonel Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers.

Second Division: First Brigade, commanded by Bvt. Brigadier General John I. Curtin, U. S. Volunteers, colonel Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Third Division: First Brigade, commanded by Colonel C. W. Divern, Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel J. A. Mathews, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Artillery Brigade, commanded by Bvt. Brigadier General John C. Tidball, U. S. Volunteers, colonel Fourht New York Artillery. Brigadier-General Hartranft, who is now temporarily in command of the Third Division, is the permanent commander of the First Brigade, First Division.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865.

Major-General GREGG:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command ready to move by early daylight to-morrow, with three days' rations for the men and one and a half days' forage. You will report in person at these headquarters for special instructions.

Your obedient servant,

ALE. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 4, 1865.

Brevet Major-General GREGG:

The major-general commanding directs that you move with your division to-morrow morning at 3 o'clock, and, passing though Reams' Station, strike the Boydton plank road you will move up and down it, to endeavor to intercept and capture any wagon train carrying supplies from Belfield. Should you hear of any trains not on this road, or of any opportunity of inflicting injury on the enemy, other than here directed, you will avail yourself of it without further instructions. Major-General Warren is ordered to support you, taking post at or near J. Hargrave's, on the Dinwiddie Court-House road, and leaving his camp at 7 a. m., passing through Reams' Station and taking the road

