
the opinion of the major-general commanding, will be able to give you some valuable information in regard to some late movements of the rebel cavalry, besides acting as guide.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PH. SCHUYLER,

Captain, Fourteenth Infantry, in Charge of Office.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, February 4, 1865-8.50 p. m.

This command will move to-morrow at 3 a. m., in the following order: First, Second Brigade; second, Third Brigade; third, one-half the ambulances of the division; fourth, First Brigade.

The command will move down the Jerusalem plank road to Gary's Church, thence to Reams's Station, at which point the commander of the advance brigade will received further instructions.

The command will carry three days' rations and one and one-half days' forage and the greatest amount of ammunition possible. The batteries will not accompany the division, but, under charge of the senior artillery officer present, will remain in tier present positions, or at such point within the line of entrenchments as that officer may select. One and a half days' forage in wagons and the reserve ammunition train will move at 7 a. m. with the Fifth Army Corps (General Warren's), and remain with that corps. The commanding officer Third Brigade will detail one regiment of his brigade to report to Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps, at 6 a. m.

Brigade commanders will, through staff officers, report the readiness of their brigades to move at the hour specified.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, February 4, 1865.

Brigadier General J. I. GREGG,Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that at dusk this evening you withdraw two-thirds of the entire force you now have on picket; the remaining their will maintain your present line, with such modification,s owing to the redoubt force, as you amy direct. Have your entire command supplied with the rations and forage before directed-three days' rations, one and a half days' forage-and as much ammunition as can be conveniently arrived by the men in their boxes and on their persons, and be in readiness to move at 3 a. m. to-morrow. It is desirable that you get out every available man, leaving such men as could not accompany your brigade for camp guards. Further instruction for the movement will be sent you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

