
PORTSMOUTH, February 4, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Headquarters Army of the James:

The force sent to Pagan Creek have returned, and report having made a careful reconnaissance of the creek and vicinity without finding any torpedoes, or indication that there was any in preparation. The party that intended operating in that vicinity had returned to Richmond some time since.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. VOGDES,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., February 4, 1865-7.30 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I feel it my duty to report that thirty-eight rebels were against permitted last night to throw off and rob a train, breaking the engine and cars, within three and a half miles of Harper's Ferry, in the immediate vicinity of the recent and a half miles of Harper's Ferry as will prevent these frequent raids upon the road at points that can be certainly defended. The locality which has been so repeatedly attacked, and about which special vigilance is required, is where the road from Charleston to Shepherdstown intersects our line.

JOHN W. GARRETT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., February 4, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester:

Another train was thrown off the track and robbed last night within three and a half miles of Harper's Ferry, in the immediate vicinity of a recent occurrence of like kind. I am apprehensive that General Stevenson is not sufficient vigilant. The point of intersection of the roads from Charleston with Shepherdstown, it seems to me, ought to be better guarded than has been done by Stevenson. Will you please give this matter attention. The interruption of trains there seems to be chronic, and may spread if not checked.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WINCHESTER, VA., February 4, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Many of the officers in this army have not been paid since August last, consequently they are out of money, and it is necessary that an issue of stores from the Commissary Department be ordered for their use, or that an order similar to that issued by Lieutenant-General

