
Burnt Springs and New Market Gap, and the station at Pitman Point. I am perfectly familiar with the rebel signal code. The road through Fort Valley is very bad. It would be very difficult for a cavalry force ot go through there; the road crosses a creek several times, and when the crossings are frozen up it is almost impossible to cross. After a thaw there would not be much trouble. A large number of the citizens in Fort Valley are Drunkards and Union men. A number of stragglers and men on furlough are constantly in the Fort Valley visiting their friends. Mosby has not yet recovered from his wound. Four of his companies have been sent to Northern Neck, Washington County; the ret of his men are scattered through Loundoun and Fauquirer Counties. They are not doing much scouting because of the difficulty in crossing the river. Gilmor is in command of McNeill's company, near Moorefield. There is a picket-post of three companies at Edenburg. The furnace in Fort Valley, about eight miles from Edenburg, is working for the government; no guard there. No forces between Edenburg and Staunton. The stages run daily between Mount Jackson and Staunton. General Early is at Fishersville. His chief signal officer is Captain R. E. Wilbourn; chief of artillery, General Long; chief of cavalry, General Fitzhugh Lee. Brigadier-General Wharton commands Breckinridge's old division, about 3,000 strong, about three miles from Fishersville. General Long has a park of probably forty-five guns; there are, besides, two horse batteries (Fitzhugh's nd Chew's). Fitzhugh Lee has his headquarters at Waynesborough, or near there. Rosser and Lomax are the cavalry division commanders. Rosser's old brigade is at Swoope's Station, near Buffalo Gap. Two regiments of Payne's brigade are at Lexington; the rest of the brigade is at Fishersville. Wickham's brigade is east of the Blue Ridge, between the mountain and Charlottesville. Imboden is near Buffalo Gap. McCausland and Jackson are in Highland County. I estimate the effective cavalry force of General Early's command at 5,000; not more. I am positive forage is very scarce, and it is now very difficult to get a new horse when a man is dismounted. There is no force at Staunton. Early is very unpopular. Gordon is the favorite of the troops. He was with me on the mountain overlooking General Sheridan's army at Cedar Creek the day previous tot he attack on the 19th last October; he planned the attack. The citizens in the Valley re very destitute, and depend principally on their friends below Mount Jackson twenty-four hors. Numbers of the rebel cavalry are in the habit of visiting Newtown. They frequently spend twenty-four hours there. A few days since a captain in the First Virginia Cavalry visited his friends there. they will not disturb the Yankee soldiers, for fear the citizens will suffer. There is nothing to prevent a spy from going to Staunton via Fort Valley, along the foot of Massanutten Mountain by Conrad's Store. There are no pickets. I have never known a mounted man to be stopped. Cavalry soldiers seldom desert; they fear their horses will be taken away from them.

WINCHESTER, VA., February 4, 1865.

Statement of Private G. S. Fugitt, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, Rosser's old brigade;

Left Harrisonburg on Friday, January 27, to visit Woodstock with a pass from Captain Robert W. Baylor, provost-marsh Valley Department. Been in the service since June, 1862. Saw no troops between Staunton and Edenburg. Two or three companies were on picket at

