
CUMBERLAND, MD., February 4, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.:

The following has been received form Colonel Oley, at Charleston:

General Sheridan's dispatch received. My information to-day is that a brigade each of cavalry and infantry are now in Greenbrier and Monroe; four batteries reported gone to Narows; think this too large, but some there. The forces are considerably scattered, gathering forage and supplies; think no move this was is contemplated at present; supplies the main object. Consider the above reliable; feel confident none this side Meadow Bluff.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel.

The Narrows spoken of are a few miles from Pearisburg, on New River.

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February 5, 1865-10.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

Gregg's cavalry moved out this morning and went as far as Dinwiddie Court-House. He met but little opposition. As far as he could learn, owing to the destruction of the Weldon bridge and bridge on Boydton rod, but few stores were remaining at Belfiedl nd but few wagons were on the road. He captured 18 wagons and 50 prisoners. Warren moved at 7 a. m., to go as far as Stony Creek. He met with but little opposition and reports no casualties. He captured about thirty prisoners. Humphreys moved out on the Vaughan road to crossing of Hatcher's Run. He was attacked late in the afternoon, but repulsed every attack. What the casualties have been I do not know.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ATLANTIC HOTEL, Norfolk, Va., February 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I most humbly and earnestly beg that you will be pleased to allow me to return to duty on board the Onondaga. I acknowledge my transgressions, and implore your mercy in my case. I deeply regret that I ever gave you any cause of complaint, and promise in the future that your orders shall be punctually and implicitly obeyed. A request from you to the Navy Department would restore me to duty immediately. I beg for your forgiveness, general, and earnestly hope you will grant my request.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PARKER,

Commander.

