
CITY POINT, VA., February 5, 1865-8 p. m.

Honorable G. WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington:

I am in receipt of an earnest appeal from Captain Parker, U. S. Navy, to be restored to the command of the Onondaga. I have no objection to his return to that command so long as a senior commands the division.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Crossing of Hatcher's Run by Vaughan Road, February 5, 1865-2.30 p. m. (Sent 3 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Humphreys was in position at this point and Armstrong's Mill by 10 a. m., crossing at both places with but little opposition, taking nine prisoners, all of Pegram's division. He is now getting in position and pushing out the Vaughan road to communicate with Warren. Warren reports at 1 p. m. that he has crossed most of his infantry, but he has to build a bridge of sixty feet in length ot cross artillery and trains; will be over by 3 p. m. Nothing has been heard from Gregg. From the reports of prisoners I am led to believed the enemy may attempt to interpose between Warren and Humphreys. To keep open this communication of four miles I have order up Parke's reserve division, and have directed the available troops in the City Point lines to replace them with Parke. Warren report taking thirty prisoners when crossing here know nothing of any troops, cavalry or infantry, going South.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Vaughan Road and Hatcher's Run, [February 5, 1865]-6.45 p. m. (Sent 7.10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The enemy at 5.15 attacked General humphreys' right, and have been engaging him till this moment. General Humphreys has repulsed all their attacks. I have ordered up to his support not only a division form the Ninth Corps but one form the Sixth Corps. General Warren is in position at Hargrave's, about three miles and a halF from here; has met no enemy. General Gregg reports that having occupied Dinwiddie Court-House and hearing nothing of any trains or the enemy, had returned to the crossing of Hatcher's Run but he Malone road. I have sent orders to General Gregg to return to General Warren and report to that officer unless you send other orders for him. I think the enemy are trying to turn Humphreys' right and cut our communications with our line of works. Besides Pergram's and Gordon's divisions, deserters report the movement to their right of heth and Mahone. I shall leave Humphreys and Warren in their present positions, with directions to support each other. I do not think the cavalry will do anything in the way of destroying trains. I shall await you instructions. It is estimated Humphrey's losses in wounded may amount to 300. Please acknowledge at once.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

