
NAVY DEPARTMENT, January 5, 1865-8 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army,

City Point, Va.:

Can you not possibly go down the coast for a few days? I think we have a fine sea steamer at Norfolk, and I will accompany you. It seems to be worth a few hours of the directing mind.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

CITY POINT, VA., January 5, 1865-10.30 p. m.

(Received 10.55 p. m.)

Brigadier General A. B. DYER,

Chief of Ordnance:

Please have fifteen Coehorn mortars, with implements complete, at Fortress Monroe at the earliest moment, and notify me how soon to expect them there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 5, 1865.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

We have only some four days' of grain and two of hay in these armies, less grain than at former period. There is none in store at this depot. General Grant has ordered the animals to be put on half rations. This is the time of all others when we should have plenty. I beg the shipment may be hastened here if possible.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 5, 1865.

Brigadier General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Armies Operating against Richmond:

GENERAL: The inclosed copy of a letter* from General Sherman gives information in regard to his success in foraging his army and supplying it with horses and mules during his late operations, which, it is believed, will be of interest to you. One of the most difficult tasks of the quartermaster's department is to supply forage for the great number of animals of the armies while resting in advanced positions. Cannot a system of foraging on the borders or in the rebel country be adopted which will relieve the Government of a large portion of the heavy expense of purchase and transportation of forage? Cannot the cavalry and trains be camped, in many cases, at some distance from the main body of the army, in a country which will supply them with

---------------

*See Vol. XLIV, p. 807.

---------------

