
CITY POINT, VA., February 5, 1865-7.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Vaughan Road:

Your dispatch of 6.45 p. m. just received. Bring Warren and the cavalry back, and if you can follow the enemy up do it. If we can follow the enemy up, although it was not contemplated before, it may lead to getting the South Side road, or a position from which it can be reached. Change original instructions to give all advantages you can take of the enemy's acts.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Crossing of Hatcher's Run by Vaughan Road, February 5, 1865-8 p. m. (Sent 8.22 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have withdrawn Warren and the cavalry to this point, directing two divisions to remain on the other side of the run, one to cross to this side as a reserve for contingencies. Humphreys is instructed to await developments, and to attack if advantageous, and drive the enemy into their works. The enemy have a strong line of works passing through the Clemens house; this house is the place where the shot fell near us on the last movement-that is to say, since then the enemy have advanced their line. Unless we can carry this line we an hardly reach the Boydton plank road or Sooth Side Railroad without a flank movement considerably to the left. I presume it was to stop this they attacked Humphreys' right.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 5, 1865-9.30 p. m. (Sent 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Orders have been sent to Gregg to proceed to Belfield, provided he finds, on reaching Dinwiddie Court-House, any confirmation of the contraband's report, or obtains any reliable intelligence leading him to believe he can effect anything there. The depot is, however, undoubtedly at Hicksford, across the Meherrin, and is guarded by artillery, as it was when Warren was there. We also believe that W. H. F. Lee's division of cavalry is in that vicinity. Gregg goes without artillery.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 5, 1865-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send a dispatch* from General Gregg, received on my arrival just now. A staff officer who carried my last dispatch to General Waren reports that, on leaving, three squadrons of Gregg's cavalry came in to

---------------

*See Gregg to Webb, 4.20 p. m., p. 409.

---------------

