
Warren, saying the enemy's cavalry had attacked Gregg's rear guard and cut them off. I am a little apprehensive of the enemy's cavalry interposing between Gregg and Warren, and preventing the latter using the road he advanced on to withdraw his artillery and trains. I have, however, sent order to Gregg to o pen this road, if possible, and escort back Warren's trains.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 5, 1865.

(Received 10.25 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Please report to me the situation of our troops now and of the enemy's forces, so far as you know it; also state what you propose for the morning's movement. I would not advise any withdrawal in the morning, unless forced to it. We should either carry out the first design or else meet the enemy outside his entrancements.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 5, 1865-10.30 p. m. (Send 11.15 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

GENERAL: I moved out this morning on the Vaughan road the Secretary Corps to the crossing of Hatcher's Run; on the road from Reams' Station to Dinwiddie Court-House, the Fifth Corps; and on a road crossing Hatcher's Run still lower down, the cavalry division under General Gregg. General Gregg was ordered to move to Dinwiddie Court-House, and to move up and down the Boydton road to intercept and capture the enemy's trains, and was further ordered to determine whether or not he could in any way inflict damage upon the enemy. General Warren was to support General Gregg; Generals Humhreys, to support General Warren. All other available troops of this army were to held ready to move at short notice. The different commands reached their posts in dare season, but it was found difficult to open communication between Generals Humphreys and Warren along the Vaughan road. General Gregg proceeded to Dinwiddie Court-House, and moved up and down the Vaughan road and captured some eighteen wagons and fifty prisoners, including one colonel. Finding that the Boydton road was but little used since the destruction of the bridges on that road and on the Weldon railroad, he returned to Malone's Bridge, on Hatcher's Run. At 4.15 p. m. the enemy, with what was reported to be Hill's corps and Gordon's and Pegram's divisions, attacked Humphreys. They were handsomely repulsed, with a loss to Humphreys of 300. Since this force had attacked Humphreys' right, consisting of but one division entire and one brigade, it became necessary to send for men enough to hold our communications with our rear line. One division of the Ninth and one division of the Sixth Corps were therefore ordered to re-enforce Humphreys. Waren, with the cavalry, has been ordered to connect with his left and to report to him. In the morning, if I find that this force of the enemy

