
TOWAR SIGNAL STATION, February 5, 1865-12.30 p. m. (Received 1.30 p. m.)

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

A force of the enemy, numbering about 600, has just left the camp to our left of Mrs. Hart's house, disappearing in the woods to the left.

FEAREY,

Signal Officer.

TOWER SIGNAL STATION, February 5, 1865-3 p. m.(Received 3.07 p. m.)

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

A force of the enemy, about three regiments, taking four and a half minutes to pass, have left the camp 10 degrees west of north, going at quick time to our left on the Cox road; also, four regiments left camp at Boisseau's going in same direction, taking eight and a half minutes to pas.

FEAREY,

Signal Officer.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, February 5, 1865-3 p. m.

Captain DAVIS,Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

The following is reported from Tower:

Another column of enemy marching toward left, in rear works by Hart's house. They have been passing twenty-two minutes, but it is a light column. Another column on Cox road, five minutes passing-four regiments, taking about for and a half minutes to pass, have left the camp 10 degrees was of north, going at quick time, to our left on the Cox road; also four regiments left camp at Boisseau's going in same direction, taking eight and a half minutes to pass. The station at Fort Davis reports dense made in rear of large fort to left lead-works.

BENSON,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

(Copy to Major-General Webb.)

FEBRUARY 5, 1865-3.55 P. LM.

Captain DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer:

The Tower Station reports twelve wagons moving toward Petersburg. Another column of infantry has passed westward; five minutes in passing, and followed by five ambulances on Cox road. The light column of infantry reported as marching to our left halted for fifteen minutes to left of Mrs. Hart's house, breaking into small squads; then marched in irregular column toward the right, and are halted in rear of their works, a little to the left of mrs. Hart's house. Heavy column of smoke rising 10 degrees west of south about for miles distant. All quiet on the right.

F. S. BENSON.

(Copy to Major-General Webb.)

