
Gregg not able to open the road to Warren, the latter will be obliged to withdraw his artillery and trains by the Vaughan road. I directed Colonel Duane to send all his available engineer force to put the Vaughan road in order. Have you heard anything from Warren?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

HATCHER' RUN, February 5, 1865-10.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I have this moment heard from General Warren in reply to your note. He says he will send the trains back at once and the divisions up as soon as possible. Captain Clarke, of his staff, brings the note and reports to me. He says there were only a few men of Gregg's cavalry who were cut off a small part of the enemy.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 5, 1865-11.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Major Jay, aide-de-camp, in carrying a dispatch to General Gregg, was either captured or killed. We found the rebels (probably cavalry) at the Malone Crossing, or where the Malone road leaves the Halifax road. This is probably a cavalry force moving up form Stony Creek. Please notify General Warren of this and ask him to communicate this to General Gregg. Arrange with General Warren to detach from your command a sufficient infantry force and a cavalry regiment to proceed to the neighborhood of Colonel Wyatt's house to cover the Halifax road. Since this is probably their whole cavalry force, it may be better for General Warren to exert himself to communicate with General Gregg and advise him of the condition of affairs. Warren's division ordered to cross had better probably be sent to Colonel Wyatt's house, with a brigade advanced to cove the Halifax road. This force will be in position to aid you in holding you right should this prove necessary.

Your obedient servant,ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

General Gregg must be governed by circumstances, either to cut his way through or to come up and cross by the Vaughan road or by Perkins'.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, February 5, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Two deserters from the enemy report that Heth's and Mahone's divisions moved to their right to-day. The enemy appear to be coming up into their works in my front from the direction of Petersburg.

N. A. MILES,Brevet Major-General.

