
In directing the withdrawal of your infantry you will also direct the withdrawal of the cavalry. Upon taking your new position you will find on your right a strong division of the Ninth Corps, with reserves, commanded by General Hartranft. You can call upon General hartranft in case you need assistance. On General Hartranft's right is a division of the Sixth Corps connecting with Fort Cummings.

Very respectfully,

H. H. BINGHAM

Major and Inspector-General, Second Corps.

See that have the full amount of ammunition on hand.

H. H. B.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Crossing of Vaughan Road and Rowanty Creek, February 5, 1865-11.30 a. m. (Received 12.45 p. m.)

Major General G. K. WARREN:

Major-General Humphreys has taken possession of the crossing at this point and has taken position here. The telegraph is now at this point, and the general commanding has his headquarters here for the present. He is in communication with general headquarters, and will keep Colonel Barstow, at that point, informed of his movements. You can communicate through the old headquarters.

ALEX. S. WEBB,Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HATCHER'S RUN, February 5, 1865-11.30 a. m. (Received 1.48 p. m.)

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We reached here at 10 a. m., and found the enemy's cavalry defending the crossing and picketing along the stream. After some little skirmishing a part of General Gwyn's brigade, along with the dismounted cavalry, charged across the stream and captured about thirty of the enemy. This was done at 11 a. m. I have not yet heard from General Gregg, nor made any connection with him as yet. I have heard firing all the morning at the crossing of the Vaughan road. The stream is very difficult to cross here, and requires a large bridge, sixty feet wide at least.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Crossing of Halifax Road, February 5, 1865-2.30 (Received 5 p. .)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

At present we only hold one mile of the Vaughan road form the crossing. At 9 o'clock this morning a brigade of infantry left its camp

