
and moved to cover this crossing. It has been in front of General Humphreys, and is there now. Pegram's division is supposed to be there. Some prisoners taken report they belong to his command, and expected rest of the division to follow them. The Vaughan road is, therefore, open from a point one mile from here to you. Should the enemy attempt to interpose a force on this road both you and General Humphreys will turn your attention to keeping it open. General Humphreys is now trying [to] push his cavalry down.

ALEX. S. WEBB.

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Near J. Hargrave's, February 5, 1865-4.30 p.m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I forward the inclosed communication, just written by a staff officer from General Gregg. I am now about in the position ordered for me to take. I have built a good wagon bridge over Rowanty Creek. I will wait orders here.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

VAUGHAN ROAD, February 5, 1865-4.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: General Gregg has directed me to communicate with you, and to inform you that he is now returning from Dinwiddie Court-House, and will stop at Malone's Bridge across Rowanty Creek to-night; that no force was found at the Court-House, the enemy who were encamped within three miles of there having marched into the works at Petersburg. Eighteen wagons and teams, several rebel officers (1 colonel), a mail, and 50 or 60 prisoners were captured.

Very respectfully,

H. E. TREMAIN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5, 1865-5 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Gregg has been ordered to report to you at once with his command. The general commanding wishes him to be placed on your left for the present. General Humphreys has been heavily attacked on his right, but has thus far repulsed the enemy. It may become necessary to move you on the Vaughan road to support General Humphreys.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

26 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

