HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN:

Owing to the difficulty attending the mode of communication with you by the route on the east side of Hatcher's Run, it has become very important to hold open the Vaughan road, and the general commanding has on this account modified your orders and directs that you hold with your command a point in the vicinity of Mr. Hargrave's and Mrs. Davis' instead of the point designated as J. Hargrave's in your instructions. You will thus be in position to assist in holding the Vaughan road.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865-7.30 p.m.

General WEBB:

I have Crawford's division and a battery at the place where my route struck the Vaughan road. Ayres is where the Quaker road comes in, and Griffin at J. Hargrave's. I shall draw Griffin back if no farther advance is required, but have kept him there till you learn the full results of this evening's attacks and make your plans for to-morrow. The roads are very bad in spots.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5, 1865. (Received 8 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Reports from deserters show that probably Hill's whole corps and some other divisions are massing to attack General Humphreys. It may be necessary to withdraw you to support him, and in this case should you receive such orders you will be subject to them, and will report to him with your command, moving by the Vaughan road, bringing with you only your reserve ammunition, sending everything else, artillery, ambulances, and wagons, back with General Gregg. General Gregg will only detail such portion of his command as may be necessary to take them (the wagons) safely to their camps, and will report with the rest of his command to General Humphreys here.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5, 1865-9 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

Major-General Gregg has been ordered to report to you. Move up with your command by the Vaughan road to Hatcher's Run and cross one division to this side. The other two will hold a line from Arm-

