
strong's Mill to this crossing now held by General Mott, whom you will relieve. Bring with you to this point all of General Gregg's cavalry not necessary to convoy the trains already excluded from your movement to their camps. Report by a staff officer at once to General Humphreys for specific orders. Now bring your ambulances with you as promptly as possible.

By command of General Meade:

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Furnish an escort, if necessary to take him to General Gregg if General Gregg has not yet reported to you.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,February 5, 1865-10.53 p.m. (Received 11.20 p.m.)

General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The following is the answer to the dispatch I carried to General Warren:
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

February 5, 1865-9.15 p.m.

General WEBB:

I have just received your dispatch by Captain Emory, and sent Captain Clarke to report to General Humphreys. You have said in one dispatch before this last for me to take orders from General Humphreys, but I presume you do not mean this literally. Captain Emory does not think your dispatch meant for him to go to General Gregg, so I have sent Captain Cope with an escort. I don't know the road to get to him, but will try to find out. I will send the train back at once and the division up as soon as I can.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

Respectfully,

C. D. EMORY,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865-9 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I have just received your dispatch, announcing that you were going to make a demonstration and attack the enemy at once on outside of his works. I have directed General Crawford to be in instant readiness to support you. Griffin has established his line. The enemy has vedettes in his front. Deserters say their main line extends south to Gravelly Run, about a mile west of Dabney's Mill. Gregg has just reported skirmishing with the enemy on the road we have come up. I am preparing to meet anything that may occur, and await for developments in this direction.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

