HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865-5.15 p.m. (Received 6 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN:

I will picket down the Vaughan road as far as the Gravelly Run Bridge and connect with your pickets at that point, and thus keept open the communication between us.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865-6.45 p.m.

Brevet Major-General GRIFFIN:

GENERAL: The enemy have made this evening a very heavy attack on Smyth's division, of Second Corps, on north side of Hatcher's Run, and General Mott's division was sent back across the run to its support I have not heard the result yet. This information was brought to me by one of General Meade's staff, who brought me an order saying that J. Hargrave's, where you are now, is too far out and wishes me to be in fore where we struck the Vaughan road. I have therefore ordered all of Crawford's division back to that point at once, and you must make arrangements to hold the road to Dinwiddie Court-House, which Bragg's brigade will vacate. I will make no other change, but will have to withdraw you very early in the morning if not to-night. Keep on squadron of that cavalry with you and send the rest here. I have not heard the result of the fight this evening.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865-9.30 p.m.

General GRIFFIN:

I am ordered to move my command up the Vaughan road as promptly as possible. I wish you to move with your division as soon as you can draw it in. Leave the cavalry picketing the roads, and have the officer commanding it send some one to my headquarters to know when to withdraw it. On arriving at Hatcher's Run, unless you receive other instructions from General Meade, relieve General Mott's division now holding the line this side of Hatcher's Run from the crossing of the Vaughan road up to Armstrong's Mill. All my wagon train will follow you, and I wish it parked as near the crossing of Hatcher's Run as possible, and set the pioneers to repairing the bridge, if necessary. Stop and see me as you pass my headquarters.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865-10.20 a.m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the past twenty-four hours.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

