
A detail from the First Division will be required to hold Fort Howard and Batteries Nos. 25 and 26-150 men each.

A tabular statement of the number required to hold each fort will be sent before the movement is made.

By command of Brevet Major-General Getty:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General SEYMOUR, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the brevet major-general commanding you will please order one of your brigade to at once occupy the part of the line hitherto held by the First Division. You will also please send a staff officer to report for instructions at these headquarters a little in advance of the brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORP, S

February 5, 1865-2 a.m.

Major-General WEBB, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The circular from headquarters received a short time since states, in reference to the movement of this corps, "Anticipating that the movement to be ordered will consist of the withdrawal of all the troops except the minimum number necessary to maintain the picket-line and the garrison of the works." I am somewhat bothered to know whether I am to make this withdrawal at once or to await further orders before withdrawing them, i. e., those in the main line who are in excess of the minimum required to hold the garrison and picket-line. In conversation with the major-general commanding, I understood him to say that one division of about 6,000 men would be sufficient. I have in reserve one division, 4,000 strong, and on the line two divisions, one of about 5,500 muskets, and the other about 5,200 muskets. Is it the desire of the major-general commanding that a portion of each division be withdrawn, or shall I leave one division in charge of the whole line, increasing its strength to 6,000? The courier will await an answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 5, 1865-1.20 p.m.

(Sent 1.40 p.m.)

Major-General PARKE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

The general commanding directs that you send General Hartranft's division, without artillery, promptly and rapidly down the Vaughan road, to report to Major-General Humphreys at Hatcher's Run.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Acknowledge receipt of message and time. Move as much as possible out of sight of the enemy.

A. S. W.

