HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 5, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN F. HARTRANFT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you hold your troops in readiness to march at short notice, supplied with four days' rations and the prescribed amount of ammunition. The chief commissary of subsistence of the corps has received orders with reference to the rations, and they will be issued to the men as soon as after day-light this morning as practicable. The commanding general does not expect you to strike your tents until further orders.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,February 5, 1865-4.20 p.m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I arrived at Dinwiddie Court-House at about noon to-day. The Boydton plank road for ten days past has been very little used for wagoning; the only wagons I could hear of and could find by examination up and down the road I captured-eighteen in all. A division of infantry, camped four miles above Dinwiddie Court-house, broke camp early this morning and went within the line of works about Petersburg. Before leaving Dinwiddie I sent a party to J. Hargrave's but could find nothing of the Fifth Army Corps. The only information I could obtain from prisoners and contrabands is that one brigade (South Carolina), formerly commanded by Butler, has gone south. The remainder of the cavalry, is about Belfield and north toward Jarratt's. A courier passed Dinwiddie with orders to the cavalry to move up. Owing to the destruction of the bridge on the Boydton plank road and on the Weldon railroad but small amounts of stores are at Belfield. One regiment of cavalry opposed my advance. I have about fifty prisoners, including one colonel and three other commissioned officers. I have communicated with General Warren, and will place my command at Malone's Bridge, on the Nottoway, and await further orders. The roads are the worst possible.

Yours, respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5,, 1865-6.25 p.m.

Major-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

The major-general commanding directs that you immediately report to General Warren, with your command.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

