
be in that neighborhood to-morrow forenoon. The object of the cavalry will be to intercept any men who may be driven out of Smithfield by General Graham. The patrol sent toward Smithfield can ascertain by inquiry if General Graham's forces have landed. The cavalry will also endeavor to intercept any straggler that may attempt to escape by the Bacon Castle road.

By order of Brigadier-General Vogdes:

S. L. McHENRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, February 5, 1865.

(Received 5.10 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following telegram has been received from Brigadier-General Stevenson:

The engine and tender of freight train was thrown from the track by a party of rebels between this post and Duffield's night before last. The engineer and fireman were captured and plundered of their money, watches, &amp;c., and then released. There was no other damage done there, so far as I am advised. Nothing but empty burthen cars in the train. I forwarded you yesterday Colonel Reno's report of the party and the way in which he did catch them. They were on road again last night, but did nothing.

JOHN D. STEVENSON.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., February 5, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I will send a regiment of cavalry to Duffield's Station to cover the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at the point where the guerrilla parties give annoyance. The parties now creating mischief are furloughed men, who are secreted at the houses in that section of the country. I have given directions to destroy farms wherever the men are found.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, February 5, 1865.

J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet. A patrol was sent below Occoquan and has not yet returned. They are in search of horse thieves.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,February 5, 1865.

Brigadier General T. C. DEVIN,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you will detail a strong regiment to take position at Duffield's Station, or as near that point as practicable, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, with instruc-

