
of their coming down the should have bagged them. Have not heard from him on this last effort yet. Shall advise you of results as soon as reports are received.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, Va., February 5, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Cumberland:

I sent a party out yesterday morning to strike Harry Gilmor, who was encamped four miles south of Moorefield. I thought best not to order any troops from New Creek to act in conjunction, on account of the difficulty of carrying out combinations. One party would be sure to get there before the other. Gilmor has been unable to control McNeill and Woodson's companies. They will not serve under him.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, February 5, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Cumberland:

My information is that the old valley cavalry came from east side of Blue Ridge for want of forage, and went over toward Warm Springs or south of that point. Wickham's brigade, of Rosser's division, went east of Blue Ridge. Rosser's brigade, 400 strong, six miles west of Staunton. Payne's brigade, Rosser's division, back near Lexington. Two horse batteries disbanded; guns sent to Lynchburg; horses somewhere else. Many of the men have come in here as deserters with their furloughs. Wharton's division at Fishersville. Everything much scattered. Great suffering for want of forage.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., February 5, 1865-5.45 p.m.

Bvt. Major General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

The following received from Bulltown, viz:

A scout just in from beyond Addison reports a rebel force of 150 concentrated on Gauley River, about forty-five miles from Bulltown, who expect to join a force of 1,500, under Rosser, for a descent on Bulltown, as soon as possible.

The scouts had a slight skirmish, and report wounding Captains Spriggs and Turning.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

