
BUCKHANNON, W. VA., February 5, 1865.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

Clarksburg:

Scout sent to Beverly this morning have just reported by telegraph from Roaring Creek as follows:

Just returned from Beverly. Some rebels came into Beverly this afternoon and took Major Hall and a rebel lieutenant with them. I think about fifteen or twenty in number.

H. C. RIZER,

Major.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., February 5, 1865.

Major CHARLES H. DAY,

Commanding, Bulltown, W. Va.:

Keep a sharp lookout and have your post in the best possible condition for defending it to the last extremity should you be attacked. Every precaution must be taken by you to ascertain the approach of the enemy. Keep me fully advised daily.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CITY POINT, VA., February 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Richmond Dispatch to-day says that a rumor was current yesterday that Sherman had reached and was destroying the railroad at Midway, ten miles west of Branchville. The Whig, however, says that the rumor was without foundation, as the tenor of official dispatches received at the War Department last evening renders it certain that such was not the case. On Saturday telegraphic communication was temporarily suspended with Augusta, but was resumed on yesterday. The Whig remarks that a repulse of Sherman, who is now apparently presumptuous on account of his unimpeded march through Georgia, would work wonders in bringing the North to its senses. The Confederate generals and the men under their commands on his front are commissioners to whose pacific exertions the country may well look with anxious and prayerful solicitude. The Enquirer reports that the salt-works are again in successful operation. C. C. Clay, jr., is reported having arrived in the Confederacy. The Peace Commissioners arrived in Richmond Saturday evening. The same evening a large war meeting was held, which was addressed by Henry A. Wise. Governor Smith issues a notice to-day to the citizens of Richmond, Va., and citizens of other States sojourning in Richmond, to meet this evening to respond to the answer made by President Lincoln to the Confederate deputies sent to confer with him on the subject of peace. It is expected that Stephens will be invited by the Confederate Congress to address them before leaving for Georgia, whither it is rumored he intends going to arouse the people of that State to renewed vigor in prosecuting the war. The general tone of all the Richmond papers to-day says that there is nothing left for the South to do but to fight it out.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

