
CITY POINT, VA., February 6, 1865-Midnight.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In the affair yesterday, when the enemy attacked a part of the Second Corps and were handsomely repulsed, leaving a part of their dead for us to bury, our losses were 3 officers and 18 men killed, 11 officers and 92 men wounded, and 22 men missing. In front of one brigade of Mott's division he buried thirty-one of the enemy, and counted twenty-two graves besides, some of which were large enough for five or six bodies each. General Smyth estimates the loss of the enemy in his front at 200. Our captures for the day were about 100 men, half of these taken by the cavalry, and the rest by the Fifth and Second Corps. This afternoon the Fifth Corps advanced and drove the enemy back onto their artillery, probably into their entrenchments beyond Dabney's Mill. Here the enemy was re-enforced, and drove Warren back. Our troops are still out, and will not be returned to their old position unless driven to it by the difficulty of supplying them. The casualties for to-day I will report as soon as learned.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 6, 1865-2.34 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Ord is assigned, as requested. Before your telegram to the Secretary, General Gillmore had been sent South to relieve General Foster. I think his familiarity with that part of the coast and the defense of Charleston render him most suitable for that command. There must be a change in Kentucky, and General Dix is proposed for the place. What do you think? As soon as we get General Thomas' views about department lines the matter must be acted on. General Dix seems to be best suited for the political complexion of affairs in Kentucky, though too old for active military operations.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., February 6, 1865-7 p.m.

(Received 8 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

I think General Dix will be an excellent selection for the command in Kentucky. I am glad to see Burbridge is about being removed from there. I should have much more faith in Terry than Gillmore for the command of the Department of the South, and his administration would be much more economical. However, we will do the best we can.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

