
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 6, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I want to go to Norfolk and other places in vicinity the last of this week to investigate for Congress the question of trade with rebel States. If you are to be here, however, at that time, I will delay going, as I want to see you to present medal, and also about that Galena matter. Please answer by telegraph.

E. B. WASHBURNE.

CITY POINT, February 6, 1865.

(Received 4.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. B. WASHBURNE:

I expect to be here all this week.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 6, 1865-1 a.m. (Sent 1.15 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have just received intelligence that my aide, Captain Jay, taking orders to General Gregg, met the enemy in force where the Malone road leaves the Halifax road. Jay was fired on and is missing, but his escort escaped. This is undoubtedly the enemy's cavalry come up from Stony Creek. They are now in Gregg's rear, on the road he took, and only one mile and a half from him if he is at Malone's Bridge. I have sent this information to Warren, with directions to make every effort to communicate it to Gregg, and have instructed Warren to send a division to cover our rear on the Weldon railroad, as the cavalry may advance that way to-morrow morning. If Gregg gets my orders to rejoin Warren through that officer, he can be withdrawn on the Vaughan road; but if Warren's staff officer meets the fate of Captain Jay Gregg's position will be precarious, as the enemy's cavalry will be in his rear, and their infantry, on Warren's withdrawal now taking place, will interpose between him and the Vaughan road. I am in hopes Warren's artillery and trains, ordered back on the road he took, will get in safely.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 6, 1865-5.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Major Jay has returned and it is now certain that he was captured by our own men. None of the enemy's cavalry in vicinity of Malone's Crossing.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

