HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Hatcher's Run, February 6, 1865-7.30 p.m.

(Via Aiken's House, 8.40 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Major-General Warren advanced about 2 p.m. on the Dabney's Mill and Vaughan roads. Both columns had a spirited contest with the enemy, and steadily drove him before them till about 6 p.m., when the column on the Mill road, having forced the enemy beyond Dabney's Mill and until he opened on them with artillery, indicating he was in his line of works, when, being re-enforced, Warren's troops were, in turn, compelled to retire in considerable confusion. The enemy was, however, checked before reaching the position occupied this morning, and Warren's troops rallied in this position. The column on the Vaughan road was recalled when the others were forced. The troops are now formed in the lines occupied this morning. The fighting has been determined, principally in dense woods, and the losses considerable, particularly in the column compelled to retire. I am not able at present to give an estimate of them.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 6, 1865.

Captain DAVIS:

There is a light indicating camp-fires, visible 10 degrees south of west and distant six or seven miles for this station. There has also just sprung up a large fire north this station and should think north from Cox road. Several small camp-fires noticed along the enemy's works extending from Mrs. Hart's house to a point 35 degrees west of north. One train of cars has [passed] on South Railroad during the night.

VAN B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant.

TOWER SIGNAL STATION, February 6, 1865-7 a.m.

Captain DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Within an hour a light, indicating quite extensive camp-fires, h as become visible 45 degrees west of south and four to five miles distant. One train of cars heard on South Side Railroad since last report. The fire lights last reported are becoming dim.

VAN B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

TOWER SIGNAL STATION, February 6, 1865-9 a.m.

(Received 10 a.m.)

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer:

About twenty stragglers going to left on Cox road. It is very quiet in all the enemy's camps. There is smoke rising from but part of the camp to our left of Mrs. Hart's. A few men seen in camp at Boisseau's, but the doors of most of the tents appear to be open, and as if shelter-

