
TOWER SIGNAL STATION, February 6, 1865-6 p.m.

(Received 7.20 p.m.)

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The enemy's camp smokes are about as heavy as they usually were before the present movement. It has become too smoky for observation.

FEAREY.

(Copy to Major-General Webb.)

TOWER SIGNAL STATION, February 6, 1865-11.30 p.m.

Captain DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters, Army of the Potomac:

There is a light, indicating camp-fires, seen about southwest from this station and should judge three or four miles distant. A fe camp-fires visible along the enemy's line of works extending from Boisseau's property to a point north from this station.

VAN B. SLEEPER,

Sergeant, Signal Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 13. Washington, February 6, 1865.

I. The issue of a ration of fish, viz, fourteen ounces of dried fish or eighteen ounces of pickled fish, will be made to the troops once a week, in lieu of the ration of fresh beef.

II. Authority is hereby given to officers actually in the field who are without the means of paying for subsistence stores purchased from the commissary and have over one month's pay due to draw for themselves and their authorized private servants present in the field with them one regular army ration each per day, on ordinary ration returns, which returns will be entered by the issuing commissary on separate abstracts of issues to officers. The officer drawing the rations will deduct from his pay accounts for each month the number of rations drawn in kind during the month, and the amount of such deduction will be transferred to the Subsistence Department from the Pay Department.

Commissaries who issue rations in kind to officers for their own use will furnish the proper paymaster each month with the names of officers to whom such issues have been made and the number of rations to be deducted.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 14. Washington, February 6, 1865.

Major General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Department of Virginia.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

