
are now being relieved in the breast-works across the run, and I understand his right connects with your left. You will not want Miles' brigade, and can, for the present, look out for yourself.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 6, 1865. (Received 7 p.m.)

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

A staff officer from General Miles informs me that a large number of stragglers from the Fifth Corps are on their way to their camp. My provost guard and escort were unable to effect anything material in the way of stopping them. My mounted provost guard is in my camp looking after my stragglers.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 6, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following were the casualties in the Second Corps yesterday: Second Division, 3 officers and 4 men killed, 8 officers and 25 men 67 men wounded, none missing; no casualties in Ramsey's brigade. The brigades of Mott's division buried thirty-one of the enemy's dead on his front; they also counted some twenty-two graves, some of which were large enough to contain five or six bodies each. This would make about 75 killed, and, allowing the usual proportion of wounded, would be between 350 and 400 wounded. General Smyth estimates the loss of the enemy in his front at not less than 200. The whole was probably between 600 and 700 wounded. We took some 30 prisoners in the operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARTY. Brigadier, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 6, 1865.

The Tenth Massachusetts Battery and Smith's section of Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, can unhitch and unharness to-night, bout will be hitched, harnessed and ready to move by 5 a.m. of Fefbruary 7 (to-morrow). The drivers will be by the side of their horses, and in case of any firing on the line before the hour above mentioned the batteries will be harnessed and hitched at once.

By command of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard:

U. S. EDDY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

