
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 2. January 5, 1865.

An officer will be detailed by the commander of each division to take charge of the intrenchments of his division. This officer will make frequent inspections of the line and report to the division commander any neglect that he may observe in carrying out the order for the preservation of the abatis, revetments, magazines, &amp;c. He will also report every week to these headquarters and to the officer of the engineer batalion (who has charge of the intrenchment line) the condition of the portions of the defense in his charge.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 7. January 5, 1865.

Brigade commanders will at once take the most effective measures to render the picket-line in front of their respective commands as strong and as defensible as possible. To this end the timber will be slashed and abatis constructed in front of the line in such a manner as to render any attempted approach of the enemy to our lines, either by night or by day, impracticable. From each brigade there will be selected by the brigade commander a commissioned officer to take charge of the above work until it shall have been completed. The name of the ofricer so selected and assigned will be reported to these headquarters as soon thereafter as practicable; and when the work in each brigade front is finished the fact will be reported to the commanding general of the division.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wheaton:

A. M. TYLER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, January 5, 1865-9 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I have made my report to Lieutenant-General Grant of the operations of the army in conjunction with the navy against Wilmington. General Grant thinks it should be published, and will forward it with that request. I respectfully request leave to have it published.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

JANUARY 5, 1865-1.30 p. m.

General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

I send the following information: Hunton's brigade relieved Corse's brigade on Ferrero's front. Corse has come over to this side of river. Three regiments passed through Richmond in cars Sunday; said they were going south.

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

