
his views from conversation, and did not look at the instructions until some hours after he left. The Sixth and Ninth Corps divisions that were ordered to me were put into position last night, and connect with Fort Cummings, with strong reserves. I have a telegraph to headquarters; won't you come over here and use it? I cannot well cross over to see you, lest the fight begin again with my command, but I would like to see you before changing my headquarters to vicinity of Mott or Cummings' house. You will probably find this the best place for your headquarters.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5, 1865-11.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Hatcher's Run:

Do you rank General Warren? General Meade gave his instructions to you, thinking you were the senior officer. In case General Warren ranks you you will transfer the order received to him, and please notify him of the error.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Sent me by General Humphreys 6.30 a.m. [6th].

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Hatcher's Run, February 6, 1865-6.30 a.m.

General WEBB:

General Gregg reached me at 4 a.m. It was so late I had to bring all my wagons with me, and his train could not go back with his cavalry without much delay, so I have brought it along. Griffin and Ayres are south of Elk Creek; Crawford is crossing over; Gregg is following up. NO signs of enemy so far.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

P. S.-Gregg sends three squadrons back the route I came to pick up the stragglers and take post at Rowanty Post-Office.

G. K. W.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 6, 1865-9.30 a.m.

Major-General WARREN:

The commanding general directs me to say my dispatch of 7.50 a.m. was written and sent before General Humphreys' telegram of 7.20, and was considered necessary owing to the misapprehension he labored under yesterday of your relative rank, rendering it, in his judgment,

