
prudential to repeat the instructions given last night. General Humphreys' dispatch of 7.20 is perfectly satisfactory, and thus mine of 7.50 proves to be unnecessary.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Humphreys.)

HATCHER'S RUN, February 6, 1865-9.50 a.m.

[General G. K. WARREN:]

GENERAL: The operator at headquarters says the message* you received about 8 a.m., to feel the enemy and attack him in front, if outside of his works, should be timed 7.50. General Webb has left for this place.

OPERATOR.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Hatcher's Run, February 6, 1865-10 a.m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

I have just received your dispatch of (no hour mentioned) in which you allude to a dispatch of 7.50 a.m. from you and one 7.20 from General Humphreys. I have not seen dispatches of such hours. I have one (no hour mentioned), received about 8 a.m., to feel the enemy and attack him in front of my lines if outside of his works. Do you mean that one is unnecessary? I have my troops posted as your dispatch brought me last night by Captain Emory directed. This virtually puts Crawford and Gregg under General Humphreys' special control, and I have them now subject to his call if needed. I have also posted Ayres and Griffin as that dispatch directed. General Humphreys having informed me that he is about to feel the enemy and attack him, if practicable, I have kept my troops in hand as he may need. The enemy show only vedettes in my front south and west, and my advance must be back over the road I have been ordered up along, or west toward Dabney's Mill. I am ready to do at once whatever is ordered, or to support General Humphreys if called on, or move in any other direction.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 6, 1865-11.40 a.m.

(Sent 12.05 p.m. Received 12.15 p.m.)

Major General G. K. WARREN:

The dispatch of 7.40 a.m. was, by the general commanding, directed to you and to General Humphreys. It was intended to instruct both you and General Humphreys to determine whether or not the enemy is outside his works in your fronts, and to determine whether he has only vedettes in your front or a force to be driven in. General Crawford is in

---------------

*See Webb to Humphreys, 7.50 a.m., p. 423.

---------------

