
CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. February 6, 1865-7 p.m.

Division commanders will at once take measures to have their men supplied with ammunition, and as fast as the wagons are emptied they will be sent away to be replenished. Arms will be put in good order and everything made, ready for a renewal of the attack to-morrow, should the same be ordered. The major-general commanding the army has expressed himself as satisfied with the operations of to-day.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 6, 1865-9.35 a.m.

[General GRIFFIN:]

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has directed General Gregg to relieve General Sickel's brigade, which will return to you. You will hold Sickel's brigade in reserve ready for use. The major-general commanding is thinking of making a demonstration upon the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 6, 1865-4 p.m.

General GRIFFIN:

I want to take your right brigade from the line farther to the right. I wish you would have the commanding officer of that brigade place himself there on the right ready to receive a call from me.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

FEBRUARY 6, 1865-9 a.m.

General CRAWFORD:

Keep your division in readiness for instant movement, as I or General Humphreys may call upon you and want quick support.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR. HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. February 6, 1865.

The general commanding the division desires to express to the troops of his command his full satisfaction and admiration of their conduct during the day; that it meets with the approval of the general commanding the army and the corps.

To the troops of the First Brigade especial commendation is due. This brigade had the advance, and they gallantly maintained it to the last; and the conduct of the new troops, both in that brigade and the division generally, was beyond praise. That the division was compelled to fall back after gaining so much ground was no fault of theirs. With such soldiers there is nothing to be anticipated but the highest honors.

