
the character of the same and the locality or section where the authorities may look for any disloyal combinations. Please inform me, also, whether you consider the State forces under your command as sufficient to preserve the peace under any circumstances likely to occur.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

HALIFAX, February 6, 1865. (Received 7th.)

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Another raid into the United States from Canada is in contemplation, full particulars and instructions respecting which are given in several letters addressed to N. B. Davis, at Montreal and Toronto.

M. M. JACKSON,

U. S. Consul.

CITY POINT, VA., February 7, 1865-10 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A. M. Laws is here with a steamer partially loaded with sugar and coffee, and a permit from the Treasury Department to go through into Virginia and North Carolina, and to bring out 10,000 bales of cotton. I have positively refused to adopt this mode of feeding the Southern army unless it is the direct order of the President. It is a humiliating fact that speculators have represented the location of cotton at different points in the South, and obtained permits to bring it out, covering more than the entire amount of the staple in all the cotton-growing States. I take this to be so from statements contained in a letter recently received from General Canby. It is for our interest now to stop all supplies going into the South between Charleston and the James River. Cotton only comes out on private accounts, except in payment for absolute necessities for the support of the war.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 7, 1865-3 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The President directs that you will regard all trade permits, licenses, or priviliges of every kind, by whomsoever signed and by whomsoever held, as subject to your authority and approval as commander of the U. S. forces in the field, and such permits as you deem prejudicial to the military service by feeding or supporting the rebel armies or persons in hostility to the Government you may disregard and annul, and if necessary to the public safety seize the property of the traders. In short, the President orders that you, "as being responsible for military results, must be allowed to be judge and master on the subject of trade with the enemy."

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

