
feet B. M. white pine or cypress, 4 by 4 boards; 10,000 feet B. M. pine plank, 3-inch; 5,000 feet B. M. pine plank, 2-inch; 5,000 running feet 3 by 4 joists; 500 running feet 6 by 6 joists; three kegs six-penny nails, five kegs eighty-penny, three kegs ten-penny; 200 pounds cut spikes; one dozen hand-saws; half dozen adzes; two dozen nail hatchets; 1 set framing chisels; two carpenters' chests complete; 10,000 sand-bags; hoop iron for 500 gabions; six carpenters' steel squares; two dozen chalk lines and chalk; rope, tracing cords; augers, Babcock; three Schmalder compasses; half dozen tape lines; two sets drawing instruments, with scales; drawing paper, linen; India ink, &amp;c.; three masons' levels; 500 artillerymen, and company of engineer soldiers with their own tools; land transportation.

Received January 5, 1865, about 6.15 p. m., from General Rawlins, chief of staff of General Grant.

H. L. A[BBOT].
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, January 5, 1865-4.10 p. m.

General DEVENS,

Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

The cavalry report the enemy moving around on our right. Be prepared to send your reserve forces down the New Market road to the relief of Signal Hill and Camp Holly redoubts. Are these works well manned? Apprise them of the approach of the enemy.

JOHN W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., January 5, 1865.

Colonel J. C. BRISCOE,

199th Pennsylvania Volunteers:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding desires that you at your earliest convenience examine the line of defenses from the right of the breast-work in front of your camp to the Kingsland road and Deep Bottom front (not including the work immediately at the bridge-head), and make a rough sketch of their general course and extent, indicating the number of guns in each redoubt, the abatis (where there is any), the ravines, &c. He does not wish you to take the trouble to elaborate your draft; a sketch similar to that which you drew of the corps picket-line for Brevet Major-General Terry will answer the purpose.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY, Broadway Landing, Va., January 5, 1865-12 p. m.

Bvt. Major General E. FERRERO,

Commanding Lines Bermuda Hundred:

GENERAL: I send Major Cook an order which removes Company G from your lines and makes other changes. It is issued in accordance with verbal directions from Lieutenant-General Grant, which admit of

