
ident, Major Charles A. Whittier, aide-de-camp, is assigned to duty with the Second Army Corps, as assistant-adjutant-general, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, under act of July 17, 1862, to take effect January 31, 1865.

* * * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 7, 1865.

The following changes and dispositions of troops will be made as soon as practicable, viz:

1. The chief engineer will at once proceed to lay out and construct an entrenched line from Fort Sampson to Armstrong's Mill, placing works at the latter point and the crossing of the Vaughan road, so as to hold and command both these crossings. This line will be formed by selecting suitable positions for artillery, erecting batteries, and connecting the same with breast-works, making slashing, abatis, &amp;c. Dams will be built on Hatcher's Run, and this stream obstructed as much as possible.

2. When this line is constructed, or as soon as practicable, the entrenched lines will be held as follows: The Ninth Corps, from the Appomattox to Fort Howard; the Sixth Corps, from Fort Howard to Fort Gregg, both inclusive; the Second Corps, from Fort Gregg to Armstrong's Mill. The Fifth Corps, holding the works at the crossing of the Vaughan road, will picket Hatcher's Run above and below, and will be posted on a line from the crossing of the Vaughan road via Cummings' and Wyatt's, and so held as to meet any attack from the rear, or to support the Second or Sixth Corps, if attacked. This corps will also picket from Hatcher's Run to the intersection of the Church and Halifax roads. The cavalry division will be posted on the Jerusalem plank road, and picket from the left of the Fifth Corps to the James. The cavalry (dismounted) will constitute a reserve, to meet any attack on the center.

3. The chief quartermaster will extend the military railroad to conform to the new disposition of troops, and the chief engineer and corps commanders will construct the necessary corduroy roads to establish secure and prompt communications.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 7, 1865-11.05 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

General Gregg, with two brigades, has been ordered to watch the Halifax road and the old stage road. He is ordered to report the position chosen to you and to hold himself in readiness to support you. One of his staff officers will be at General Warren's telegraph station. General Warren may attack this morning, and in case he should you will

