
my first battalion (which dismounted before forming) drove them across the creek and into the rifle-pits on the other side. The enemy opened on the with two Whitworth guns, shelling my return briskly, but I had neither man nor horse harmed. They appear to have one brigade of cavalry beyond the creek. One squadron of the enemy, dismounted, followed me back to the point where their pickets were attacked, but so soon as they understood we meant fight they immediately withdraw beyond the creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. M. YOUNG,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,February 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The enemy's flag-of-truce boat with prisoners for exchange now comes below Fort-Brady. They learn all about it and vicinity. I think they should land their boat above the fort on a sort of neutral ground. Shall I so order it through Colonel Mulford?

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 7, 1865.

Major-General ORD:

The flag-of-truce boat running down below Fort Brady gives no opportunities to the enemy to learn about our lines that they would not have by landing farther up the river and transporting their returned prisoners through our lines on shore. I would quite as lief the enemy would come down to the obstructions as any other way.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, February 7, 1865-12.15 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point:

The following dispatch was received yesterday:

Colonel Spear has just returned from are reconnaissance with 200 men. He went as far as the White Oak Swamp, on the other side of which was a picket-post of eight men, one of whom he captured. The picket-post belonged to the Seventh South Carolina Regiment, Gary's brigade. Nosings of the enemy on this side of the swamp, and no changes in the position or strength of Gary's command could be ascertained. Colonel Spear went out by Riddell's Shop, the same route pursued by Colonel Evans on the 31st ultimo. I have a number of individual scouts out; two came back; reporting that they could not get though White Oak Swamp on account of the enemy's pickets; they could not get through White Oak Swamp on account of the enemy's pickets; they could give no information of the enemy; one represented himself as a deserter, and found a man who wanted to show him the way to Long Bridge and help him on, saying seven deserters had crossed there the day before. Colonel Spear has four other prisoner, two of them soldiers and the others claiming to be citizens.

A. V. KAUTZ,

Brevet Major-General.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

