
CITY POINT, VA., February 7, 1865.

Major-General ORD:

You had probably better assign a temporary commander to the District of Norfolk. It is by no means certain that Washburn will be here. I ordered him here, but the day following I asked to have him put in command of West Tennessee. The first order was suspended until boundaries of Western departments are rearranged. It may or may not be that Washburn will come East.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FEBRUARY 7, 1865.

General TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

Have you any particulars of the fighting on the left yesterday? If so, would be pleased to hear the news. New troops occupy the line near the Appomattox; will ascertain to-day who they are; a portion of them are dressed in zouave uniform. No change in the remainder of the line.

E. FERRERO,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,February 7, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General VOGDES,

Portsmouth:

Your report of a reconnaissance to Pagan Creek, and that no torpedo parties could be found, all having returned to Richmond, is received. The following dispatch from Brigadier-General Graham is forwarded for you information:

The expedition to Pagan Creek resulted in the capture of a torpedo-boat, with torpedo weighing seventy-five pounds, and taking prisoner Ensign Harris, of the Confederate Navy, who destroyed the schooner in Warwick River last fall and the tug-boat LIzzie Freeman, off Pagan Creek, in December.

CHAS. K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,February 7, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General GRAHAM,

Norfolk, Va.:

Your report of the expedition to Pagan Creek is received. The following dispatch from Brigadier-General Vogdes, February 4, is forwarded for your information.* I am much pleased with the result of the expedition and the ability displayed by the officer in charge. Please communicate this dispatch to him. Copy of your dispatch is sent to General Vogdes.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 384.

---------------

