
be recrossing. This morning Pegram's division moved down the right bank of the creek to reconnoiter, when it was vigorously attacked. The battle was obstinately contested several hours, but General Pegram being killed, while bravely encouraging his men, and Colonel Hoffman wounded, some confusion occurred, and the division was pressed back to its original position. Evans' division, ordered by General Gordon to support Pegram's, charged the enemy, forced him back, but was in turn compelled to retire. Mahone's division arriving, the enemy was driven rapidly to his defenses on Hatcher's Run. Our loss is reported to be small; that of the enemy not supposed great.

R. E. LEE.

It adds that Branchville has not been captured by the enemy. There was telegraphic communication with August yesterday, and points beyond. General Hood has arrived in Richmond.

The Southern Confederacy, now published at Macon, has the following:

Cabbages, $15 per head; cucumbers, $10; a bunch of six small fish, $20.

General Beauregard has been in the city sever days. It is rumored this morning that the Yankees are in force at Corinth. A disgraceful affair is now going on up town. A mob of women, with a black flag, are marching from store to store on a pillaging expedition. The Pelham Cadets are ordered out to disperse them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 8, 1865.

(Received 7.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

CITY POINT, VA., February 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have news from Richmond by our agents who left there yesterday. Failure of peace negotiations, although used by the party to arouse people, is having very depressing effect generally. Provisions and gold, which had heretofore fallen, are again advancing, flour being sold for $1,200 per barrel. This is also partly due to the fact that cold weather had prevented much movement on the James River Canal. Day before yesterday only three boats arrived with provisions and forage. There seems to be considerable movements of troops in the Valley, or of those in Southwestern Virginia, lately commanded by Breckinridge, which our friends in Richmond have not been able to sift. They say Central railroad has been bringing in field artillery for three days past, and that on Saturday last about 2,000 infantry went through Richmond south, probably to our left; whether the infantry came from the Valley, Western Virginia or from the north side, we are unable to say, except that the information is contained in the same sentence which states arrival of the field artillery by the Central railroad. Our friends say with certainty that Wickham's brigade of cavalry, from Early's late command, has arrived at Richmond; that it was understood day before yesterday that it was en route for the enemy's left on the north side; that it was through that Wickham was to relieve Gary's command, and that latter was to be sent south. Another of our agents says: "We hear that it is expected to concentrate in North Carolina, and siege guns are being removed. The Staunton men and detectives of Richmond have made arrangements to run the blockade to save themselves." Our agent says he was present at the great meeting on the evening of the 6th instant, and that in his speech Jeff. Davis made use of an expression that every negro would be armed, which has been suppressed in the published accounts.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Sent for information without comment.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

