
CITY POINT, February 8, 1865.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Rodes' division was the only one left in the Valley. If it has come to your front I have no information of the fact. If you ascertain certainly it is there let me know, so that I can inform Sheridan of the fact. Let me know about the result of Warren's two advances. I sent no dispatch yesterday to Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 8, 1865-12.30 p. m. (Sent 1.25 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Yesterday Major-General Warren again advanced from his position on the right bank of Hatcher's Run, and, encountering the enemy, carried the line of rifle-pits occupied by the enemy's skirmish line, and continued the advance till the fire of the artillery in the enemy's works near Dabney's Mill was drawn, and till he (Warren) had passed over most of the ground he had occupied the day before. This operation was performed during the prevalence of a violent hail-storm. The resistance offered by the enemy outside his works was not, however, so great as the day before. Having accomplished all that was practicable, and the enemy declining battle outside his works, I directed the withdrawal of the troops to Hatcher's Run, which was effected soon after night-fall. I forward Major-General Warren's report, just received.* The casualties of the three days' operations will not now, as far as I can judge in the absence of official returns, exceed 1,500, which is about double the number of wounded brought to the rear. The prisoners will exceed 200. The cavalry on the 5th captured twenty-five wagons, instead of eighteen, as previously reported. I am now preparing an entrenched line from Fort Cummings, our old left, to Armstrong's Mill. This line will be held by the Second Corps, and the Fifth will be massed to defend our left and rear. The cavalry and the reserves of the Sixth Corps have been returned to their former positions. The reserves of the Ninth will be returned so soon as the condition of the new line justifies.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 8, 1865. (Received 2.10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The above [following] is all the information we have about Rodes' old division. It would appear from it, if reliable, that this division had been here since the 17th of January:

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

February 8, 1865.

Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

The last information from Rode's old division (now Battle's) was, from the state meant of a deserter from the Sixth Virginia Infantry, Wisiger's brigade, Mahone's

---------------

*See 12.10 p. m., p. 487.

---------------

