
division that came into our lines from Mahone's old picket-line, day before yesterday. He was left out on the picket-line at the time his division moved to the right. He states that there were seven divisions of infantry south of the Appomattox, viz, Johnson's Wilcox's, Mahone's, Heth's, Rodes', Gordon's old, and Pegram's; that only one brigade of Wilcox's moved a little to the right, and Mahone's and Rodes' moved farther to the right of Wilcox. This is all the information of the movement of Rodes', except several information who thought Rodes' division was somewhere on the line. Gordon and Pegram arrived in Petersburg from the Valley on the 8th of December, 1864. Rodes' division remained behind at Stuanton. Shortly after Rodes' division was reported to have arrived at Dunlop's Station; the date and authority will be found in report to General Meade from this office made at the time, on January 17.

A deserter from Forty-fifth Georgia, of Thomas' brigade, Wilcox's division, who left camp near Swift Creek, reported Rodes' division in camp three and one-half miles north of Petersburg and half a mile west of Petersburg and Richmond Railroad, near the factory. This report was made January 17 to commanding general Army of Potomac.

A report from office at City Point of information elicited from deserters from the Army of the James, dated January 31, states:

"Rodes' old division (now Battle's) is somewhere near the factory on Swift Creek. Gracie's brigade, of Rodes' division, Daniel's old, is about 200 yards in front of it, &amp;c."

JOHN C. BABCOCK.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 8, 1865-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Official returns of casualties received show: Fifth Corps, 1,400; Second Corps, 140; cavalry, 150; in all, 1,690, which includes over 600 missing, of whom the greater portion will turn up, being stragglers. I send a notice* found by Gregg posted up in Dinwiddie Court-House. If the enemy does not attack us to-day. I think you can leave with security to-morrow.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, February 8, 1865-4.45 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The following telegram is from to-day's Richmond Whig:

PETERSBURG, February 7.

There was heavy firing on our right yesterday and to-day, which resulted favorably to our arms. During a reconnaissance made by General Pegram beyond Hatcher's Run yesterday the enemy attacked and forced his division, when in turn the enemy was forced back. A second time the enemy, being re-enforced by a corps, attacked and drove our men, until the latter being strengthened by Mahone's division, commanded by Finegan, a grand charge by the three divisions was made and the enemy's lines broken. A running fight was kept up until drake, when the Yankees took shelter in their new works on Hatcher's Run, from which they wee no driven. General John Pegram was killed. Many of the enemy were killed and wounded, and a few prisoners. Our loss in several hundred. This morning the enemy advanced upon and charge our lines south of Burgess' Mill, but were handsomely repulsed. In a charge upon the enemy General Sorrel, of Georgia, was painfully wounded. Very heavy firing was heard late this afternoon in the same direction, but the cause is unascertained.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Grant to Stanton, 5 p. m., p. 474.

---------------

