
commissary of muster at these headquarters. This recommendation was made by me under the impression that such assignment would of itself entitle these officers to the pay and allowances of their brevet rank. I now learn that such is not the case, uncles the fact be specifically set forth in the order of assignment. As an act of justice to these officers serving in the field, and brevetted for gallantry and meritorious conduct in the campaigns against the enemy, and as a further recognition of their distinguished services, I urgently request that you will cause to be issued the orders necessary to entitle them to pay and allowances according to their respective brevet grades, to date from the day of their assignment thereto. On the 13th of December, 1864, by Special Orders 444, Adjutant-General's Office, Bvt. Brigadier General Edmund Schriver, inspector-general attached to these headquarters, was assigned to duty according to his brevet rank, to date from December 12, 1864. For the reasons stated in the cases of the other officers herein mentioned, I request that General Schriver may also be allowed the pay and allowances of the brevet rank to which he has been assigned.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SIXTY-EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,February 8, 1865.

Captain PH. SCHUYLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Provost-Marshal-General's Office:

CAPTAIN: On the night of the 5th I received order to be ready to march with my command and "occupy the works north of" army headquarters. Accordingly, just before daylight of the 6th, I advanced and reported to the officer commanding the line indicated. My command, consisting of the Battalion U. S. Engineers, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was posted in the works extending from Battery 24, on the right, to near Battery 26, on the left. In the afternoon of the same day I moved my command more to the left, the right resting on Fort Howard, the left on Battery 26. I received a force of 100 men, belonging to the Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, which enabled me to present a strong line. Nothing occurred during the night, and the enemy made no demonstrations whatever. Before daylight of the 7th a hail-storm set in, which turned to rain about 7 a. m., rendering it very disagreeable, the men being without shelter of any kind. About noon the command was relieved and marched back to camp. No casualties occurred.

