
lines in vicinity of Mrs. Hart's house at about 2 p. m. It sounded like discharging pieces. This p. m. the camp smoke of all camps, excepting part of large camp 10 degrees west of north, have increased. The force encamped near Boisseau's house was in line behind their works for a short time, and then returned to their quarters. Wagons and ambulances have been continually moving each way on Cox road; the larger number toward the city. A battery of four guns, followed by five ambulances, passed toward city on a road north of Cox road and more hidden. They were twelve minutes passing a point, but not always well closed. At the same time thirty-seven wagons and twelve ambulances wee moving in same direction on Cox road. The troops and wagons all disappeared behind large camp 10 degrees west of north, and have not been seen to the right of that. A locomotive and two trains have passed toward city on South Side Railroad. One train had two passenger and two box cars, and the other five box. No persons could be seen on them.

T. H. FEAREY,

Lieutenant.

(Same to Captain Davis.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 8, 1865.

So much of paragraph 1 of circular of February 7, 1865, from these headquarters, as directs the chief engineer to at once proceeded to lay out and construct an entrenched line from Fort Sampson to Amrstrong's Mill, placing works at the latter point and the crossing of the Vaughan road, so as to hold and command both these crossings, is so far modified as to read:

The chief engineer will at once proceed to lay out and construct and entrenched line from Fort Sampson to the crossing of the Vaughan road, placing a work at the latter point to hold and command that crossing.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 8, 1865-6 p. m.

Major-General WEBB:

If there is no objection to it, I will notify General Getty to relieve my line as far as Fort Gregg, included, to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock, and the corresponding pickets at the same time, and at 9 o'clock take up the new line of Second Army Corps. I shall leave the garrison and artillery at Fort Cummings for the present. The garrison of Siebert and Emery I propose to take away. My picket-line to be advanced at 8 o'clock.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

