
Westmoreland house, and at once throw up the infantry parapet on the line marked out by the engineers, omitting the batteries. The woods in front of the line will be slashed to the distance of 700 yards.

The First Division will hold the line from Fort Gregg to the chimneys of the Westmoreland house. The force assigned to the part of the line between Forts Gregg and Sampson will remain, as well as the garrison of Fort Sampson. The garrison at Fort Cummings will remain temporarily. Major-General Mott will direct Brigadier-General Ramsey to report for orders to Major-General Miles.

At 9 a. m. Major-General Mott will move that part of his division destined to occupy the new line on the right of the battery to be erected on McAllister's front, and take position on the new line, the right resting at the chimneys of the Westmoreland house. He will at once throw up the infantry parapet on the line marked by the engineers, omitting the batteries, and slash the woods in front of the line to the distance of 700 or 800 yards.

The troops will be permanently assigned to positions on the new line in such manner as to hold one brigade in reserve for each division. The parapet thrown up will be substantial, with a ditch on the outside. A part only of the troops will be used on the works; the remainder will be kept under arms prepared to meet any movement of the enemy. Strict vigilance will be enjoined on the pickets, and they will be made to understand that they are to resist the advance of the enemy, not to retire upon his appearance. Division commanders will report when their troops have reached their positions on the line.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 8, 1865-11 p. m.

The following disposition of troops will be made at 9 a m. to-morrow, 9th instant:

General de Trobriand will place his brigade in the new line, with the right resting at the chimneys of the Westmoreland house. The position for the left will be indicated by a staff officer.

General McAllister will change the position of his right as will be indicated by a staff officer.

General Ramsey will report to Major-General Miles at 8 a. m. for instructions.

The position for General West's brigade will be indicated hereafter.

The infantry parapet on the new line will be thrown up at once, omitting the batteries. The wood will be slashed in front of the line to the distance of 700 or 800 yards. The parapet thrown up will be a substantial one, with a ditch on the outside.

A part only of the troops will be used on the work; the remainder will be kept under arms, prepared to meet any movement of the enemy.

Strict vigilance will be enjoined on the pickets, and they will be made to understand that they are to resist the advance of the enemy, not to retire upon his appearance.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

