HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 8, 1865-11.12 a. m.

General WARREN:

Will you give me briefly your account of the operations of yesterday. This is for General U. S. Grant, and I am preparing the dispatch, and would like to see your narration. Please let it be short, and answer soon.

Respectfully,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 8, 1865-12.10 p. m.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

About 10 a. m., having got my troops in hand and arranged, I directed General Crawford to attack the enemy from the right of our entrenchments, and by 12 m. he had again carried the enemy's advanced rifle-pits near the mill, which were considerably strengthened since the preceding day and were now defended by a portion of Mahone's. At 12.30 p. m. I received dispatch that, "in view of the weather and the instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding, it was not advisable to make any attack to-day, unless I was satisfied great advantages could be gained." We had now drawn the enemy's fire, and his artillery fire from his main works. I then directed General Crawford to hold his main line on top of the hill and push a strong line of skirmishers as close to Dabney's Mill as possible. I then sent two brigades of General Wheaton to his support, and at 3.15 p. m. instructed him to drive the enemy as far as he could just before dark. This brought on a spirited fight about 6 p. m., driving the enemy back nearly as far as we had done on the preceding day, nearly to Dabney's Mill. Some of our dead were thus recovered and buried. The enemy had artillery near Dabney's Mill, and I did not think it advisable to assault the position. At midnight I withdrew General Crawford behind our line of breast-works without molestation from the enemy. General Crawford lost about sixty killed and wounded. General Wheaton's division was not engaged. Colonel Kerwin's cavalry brigade also drove the enemy drown the Vaughan road across to the south side of Gravelly Run. The troops behaved most commendably during the trying weather, with no opportunity for rest or sleep.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 8, 1865-12.25 p. m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

General Crawford's division is here without shelter-tents, and has had scarcely any chance forrest or sleep since it left camp. I propose

