
this morning. We have not yet received the corrected report. General Crawford would like to know if he can go back to camp to-morrow, as it is so much trouble to get up their things by details.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 8, 1865-4.10 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

The major-general commanding cannot authorize the withdrawal of General Crawford's division until he fully understands the military situation. You may be attacked by General Lee this evening. He considers that General Crawford had no right to leave his camp for four days without his shelter-tents, and for doing this he alone is responsible. The general commanding cannot consent to withdraw, even temporarily, at the present time a support that may be needed at any moment.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 8, 1865-4.30 p. m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

The following is the corrected report of casualties in Crawford's division: February 7-killed, 23 enlisted men; wounded, 8 officers, 144 enlisted men; missing, 2 officers, 156 enlisted men; aggregate, 333. February 6-killed, 5 officers, 46 enlisted men; wounded, 19 officers, 354 enlisted men; missing, 1 officer, 410 enlisted men; aggregate, 835. Making the total loss in this division for the two days, 1, 1,168.

A tabulated statement was forwarded before we were made aware of the error in General Crawford's report; a new one will be made and sent in.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. February 8, 1865-9.45 a. m.

Each division commander will send a staff officer to our old picket-line and inform their division picket officers that they are to be relieved by General Gregg's cavalry, and, as soon as they relieved, that they will rejoin their own commands here.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

