
Fifth Corps were withdrawn to form connection with the Second, and the latter re-enforced by a division of the Sixth and one of the Ninth. On the 6th the enemy was found to have retired from the front of the Second Corps, but the cavalry and Fifth Corps on advancing encountered him and had a spirited contest on two roads-the Vaughan road, and the road leading from it to Dabney's Mill. About dark the right column near Dabney's Mill was violently assailed, and a part giving way, the whole came back in confusion to the position they had advanced from, at which point the enemy was checked and the men rallied. The left column was withdrawn when the right came in. Yesterday, the 7th, the Fifth Corps again advanced and re-occupied most of the ground held the day before, which was the ground in front of the enemy's works. having accomplished this they were withdrawn, and are all now forming an entrenched line from our old left to Armstrong's Mill. Casualties not over 1,000. Several officers severely wounded, but only one of rank, Colonel Wilson, commanding Maryland Brigade, killed. Prisoners taken, about 250. I don't think the enemy will disturb us, and I don't propose any further immediate offensive movements. Deserters report Rodes' old division as having been moved from north of the Appomattox to their right.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES Numbers 20. Before Richmond, Va., February 8, 1865.

Officers are prohibited from divulging contents of rebel or United States documents relating to military or naval matters which may come into their possession,except to persons authorized to receive such information. All rebel documents and papers will be at once forwarded to these headquarters. Any violation of this order will subject the offender to immediate punishment.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 8, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.:

There has been considerable movement of troops from the Valley or elsewhere over the Virginia Central road. Field artillery has been coming in for three days past. Rodes' division was reported in front of Meade yesterday. We learn from Richmond that 2,000 infantry passed through there, going south, last Saturday. Wickham's brigade of cavalry has arrived here, and Tuler's gone from here south. We have extended our lines over four miles to our left. This brings us no nearer the South Side Railroad, but will enable us to secure a good crossing of Hatcher's Run when we do move. I believe there is no enemy now to prevent you from reaching the Virginia Central road, and possibly the canal, when the weather will permit you to move.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

