
sustained by my knowledge of the facts, nor by my evidence, nor yours either. I suppose Burnside's evidence apparently has been their guide, and, to draw it mildly, he had forgotten some of the facts. I think in justification to yourself, who seems to be the only party censured, Burnside should be brought before a court-martial, and let the proceedings of the court go before the public along with the report of the Congressional committee.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, February 9, 1865-11 a. m.

General MEADE:

I will leave here at 12 m. for Washington, to remain absent four or five days, unless sooner recalled. Please inform Colonel Bowers of all movements or changes, so that he may keep me advised.

U. S. GRANT.

(Same to Major-General Ord.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 9, 1865-11.15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I think the report of the Committee on the Cunduct of the War, when the truth comes to be put before the country, will prove a greater failure even than the mine. If I can get the proceedings of the Court of Inquiry published, I am willing to abide by the judgment of the public. One of my friends in the Senate promised to call for it, but I asked him not to do so till I could ascertain [whether] it would be agreeable to the War Department. My return direct to this place prevented me from seeing Mr. Stanton upon this point. If you are going to Washington you might mention the subject. You are aware I preferred charges against Burnside, but they did not include his neglect of duty about the mine, because that was then in the hands of the Court of Inquiry. Are you going to Washington to-day?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, February 9, 1865.

(Received 1.45 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

General Grant started at 11.30 a. m. Your cipher dispatch of 11.15 will reach him at Fort Monroe.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, February 9, 1865.

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

General Rucker reports heavy ice in the Potomac again. Probably you had better go by way of Annapolis. If you do so telegraph to Captain Blodgett there to have ambulance and cars in readiness.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

