
CITY POINT, VA., February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

The Richmond papers of to-day contain now news; they have no intelligence from Sherman. General Sorrel, of Georgia, was killed* in the fight of Tuesday. The Senate, by an almost unanimous vote, rejected the bill putting 200,000 negroes in the Army.

The Enquirer says:

SUPPLIES FOR FEDERAL PRISONERS.

Messrs. Bevill and W. C. Allen, of the Richmond ambulance committe, will leave this city this morning in charge of a large amount of supplies, brought by the last flag-of-truce boat, for Federal prisoners confined at Danville, Va., and at Salisbury, N. C. three Federal officers have been selected at each place, and paroled, to attend to the distribution of the supplies.

ThiS Wigs says:

FROM NORTH MISSISSIPPI.

The Canton (Miss.) Citizen has heard it intimated by a gentleman of intelligence that it is altogether probable that no further efforts will be made to hold the country between the Yazoo and Big Black Rivers, or to protect the Mississippi Central Railroad, but that our lines will be moved back as far as Brandon, and perhaps farther east, the only hope now being to hold the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 9, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Three very intelligent deserters from the enemy came into the lines of the First Division, Second Army Corps, about 12 o'clock last night. They are from the Forty-second and Twenty-sixth Mississippi, Davis' brigade, Hath's division. One of them left camp, the others the picket-line. They state that their division (Heth's), also Gordon's old and Mahone's, have gone back into their old quartets again. Mahone went back yesterday morning. Gordon's old division is encamped just north of Burgess' mill-pond, on Hatcher's Run. Rodes old division (now Johnson's) and Pegram'a are yet in line near Dabney's Mill. Informants are positive of this. On Sunday last General Lee addressed the three divisions of Gordon, Mahone, and Heth, which were drawn up in three lines of battle in front of the Second Army Corps. Informants state that that the orders to charge were repeatedly refused, and that General Lee wept like a child. Heth's division afterward made three charges, with two lines of two brigades each. Have no information from Sherman, other than a camp rumor that he had occupied Branchville. No other information of importance elected.

J. C. BABCOCK.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 39. February 9, 1865.

* * * *

7. the resignation of Brigadier General McM. Gregg, brevet major-general U. S. Volunteers and captain Sixth U. S. Cavalry, commanding

---------------

*A mistake.

---------------

