
Second Cavalry Division, having been accepted by the President,he is hereby relieved from duty with this army, and will turn over his command to the senior officer present for duty with it.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 9, 1865-7.10 p. m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I should have reported this 9 a. m. that no changes had taken place in my command during the previous twenty-four hours.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 9, 1865-8.55 p. m.

Major-General MILES,

First Division:

Please direct so much of the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery as may be necessary to superintend the construction of the five batteries on the new line and prepare the revetments to be detailed for that purpose. Please furnish a working party of 200 to each of the two batteries on your part of the new line, to report at those batteries at 9 a. m. to-morrow, to Major Gould, or one of his officers, each party to be furnished with 100 shovels, 50 picks, and 50 axes. Please direct the slashing on the line to be continued as rapidly as possible to the full distance of 800 yards.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 9, 1865-2 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that since my dispatch of 12.10 p. m. of yesterday everything has been very quiet along my front, the enemy making no demonstrations or showing any disposition to advance or attack. General Ayres had constructed a strong work in his front on the Vaughan road, below the run. General Griffin's troops are in the breast-works, with a picket-line thrown out and connecting with the Second Crops on the right. I established my picket-line yesterday afternoon, starting from a point near the burnt saw-mill, thence running easterly, passing through Rowanty Post-Office, and connecting with the cavalry pickets at the intersection of the Church and Halifax roads. This portion of the line is held by General Crawford's troops, General Ayres

