HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General SEYMOUR,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General Getty desires me to say the garrison of Fort Dushane will remain there until further orders. The commanding officer of the Second Division will be notified of this. The garrison of Fort Keene can remain or be relieved by troops from the Second Division, at your option. Please inform these headquarters of your preference.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 9, 1865-1.10 p. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding notices that you have not made mention of the firing of last evening on your line. He desires you to report these occurrences, whether deemed important or not. Will you also see that your report is made by 9 a. m.? The general has to make his report to General Grant by that hour.

ALEX S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,February 9, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: There is an insane asylum at Williamsburg, within our lines, under care of our appointees, and whose bills I am called on to pay. As there is no appropriation for such placed the bills are paid from a civil fund that has occurred from fines, penalties, taxes, &amp;c., under General Butler's administration. As I presume I shall have no authority to collect such fund some other mode must be taken to meet the bills or the insane people should be sent somewhere else. I recommend they be sent to the asylum at or near Washington, for it will not do to let them starve, and they can be supported much easier at the North than where they now are.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 15, 1865.

Referred to Lieutenant-General Grant, to cause the rebel authorities to be informed that these insane people will not be supported by the United States, but must be provided for by them; and to propose that a part of the fund lately raised for the relief of rebel prisoners by the sale of cotton in New York be appropriated to this purpose.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

