
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, February 9, 1865.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Your telegram just received. Major Gelray will be sent to Falls Church as directed when he reports. On the 7th, at 5 p. m., I received a telegram from Colonel Wells stating that about fifty gorillas attacked a quartermaster's train of carts about a mile from Cloud's Mill, on Little River pike, at 11 a. m., and that he sent all the cavalry he had after them. I sent one squad to court the country about Wolf Run Shoals, and two squadrons went by Union Mills and Brentsville, scouring the country until within five miles of Dumfries, expecting to meet and cut off these guerrillas, but could neither hear nor see anything of them.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

NEW YORK, February 9, 1865.

(Received 1.35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Mr. Foote was put yesterday in the Ludlow-street jail as the only place where he can be kept under the restrictions specified in your telegraphic dispatch. I do not quite understand his status, or the precise wishes of the Government in regard to him. He will probably remain four or five days more and then go to England. He can be kept securely, under charge of an officer, at a hotel, if it be permitted. He is very sensitive as to the place of his confinement, and I have thought proper to advise you, that I may receive your directions, if you have any to give.

JNO. A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C. February 9, 1865-5.25 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

You will place Mr. Foote in charge of an officer and allow him to remain at a hotel to be designated by your until he leaves the United States, or further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

February 10, 1865.

To the Honorable the House of Representatives:

In response to your resolution of the 8th instant, requesting information in relation to a conference recently held in Hampton Roads, I have the honor to state that on the day of the date I gave Francis P. Blair, sr., a card, written on as follows, to wit:

DECEMBER 28, 1864.

Allow the bearer, F. P. Blair, sr., to pass our lines, go South, and return.

A. LINCOLN.

