
BALTIMORE, January 5, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester:

Yesterday, near Sugar Loaf Mountain, north side Potomac, Captain Churchman, of Brigadier-General Tyler's command, captured ten rebel soldiers, wearing overcoats of U. S. Army, and believed to be of Mosby's battalion. It is supposed they had designs against the railroad. I have directed General Tyler to hold them, subject to your order. It is thought three of them are officers.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, January 5, 1865

General WALLACE,

Baltimore:

Send the ten rebels captured by Captain Churchman to General Augur's headquarters, Department of Washington, without delay.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 5, 1865-10.10 a.m.

Colonel R. M. NEWPORT,

Chief Quartermaster, Baltimore:

Ariel, Illinois, General Sedgwick, Victor, and Batic are ordered from Fort Monore to Baltimore; should be there this morning. Swo Nada is on her way from New York. These vessels are to embark troops sent down by General Sheridan. Let them be inspected. See that they have provisions, water, and coal for fifteen days, and place them in readiness to embark troops with dispatch and with least danger of straggling.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Baltimore, Md., January 5, 1865.

The following-named officers are announced as constituting the staff of the major-general commanding and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Lieutenant Colonel Samuel B. Lawrence, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain Oliver Matthews, assistant adjutant-general.

Major James R. Ross, aide-de-camp.

Major William M. Este, aide-de-camp.

Captain Dickinson P. Thruston, aide-de-camp.

Major W. L. Marshall, judge-advocate.

Lieutenant Colonel Lynde Catlin, assistant inspector-general.

First Lieutenant W. W. Lobdell, First Delaware Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Bliss, quartermaster.

