
On the morning of the 3rd the three gentlemen-Messrs. Stephens, Hunter, and Campbell-came aboard of our steamer and had an interview with the Secretary of State and myself of several hours' duration. No question of preliminaries to the meeting was then and there made or mentioned; no other person was present; no papers were exchanged or produced; and it was, in advance, agreed that the conversation was to be informal and verbal merely. On our part, the whole substance of the instructions to the Secretary of State, herein before recited, was stated and insisted upon, and nothing was said inconsistent therewith; while, by the other party,it was not said that in any event or on any condition they ever would consent to reunion, and yet there equally omitted to declare that they never would so consent. They seemed to desire a postponement of that question, and the adoption of some other course first, which, as some of them seemed to argue, might or might not lead to reunion, but which course, we through, would among to an indefinite postponement. The conference ended without result.

The foregoing, containing, as is believed, all the information sought, is respectfully submitted.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., February 10, 1865-1 p. m.

(Received 2.45 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

Everything quiet. No report from either army since you left.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 10, 1865-2 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

Order to Baltimore some of your old reliable and reduced regiments, so that the whole number of men sent will number from 1,000 to 1,200, to go North to take charge of camps of drafted men. We want the most reliable men and officers for this duty. There is a regiment of regulars here, numbering about 700 men for duty, mostly new men, that will be sent to you. Telegraph to General Halleck the regiments you select.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 10, 1865-9.15 p. m.

(Received 11.30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

I have ordered to Baltimore, in compliance with the instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding, the following regiments from this army: Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin, Twenty-fourth Michigan, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania, constituting the First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Corps, numbering 78 officers and 1,261 enlisted men. Briga-

33 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

