
dier General Bragg, commanding, is sent with the command, and is directed to report his arrival at Baltimore to you by telegraph. These regiments are all old and reliable troops, and have been selected in preference to taking isolated regiments, and thus weakening other commands. If the brigade organization is not required, I would mention that I have approved of an application of General Sol. Meredith to have General Bragg assigned to his command, and I would be glad if this transfer can now be made, if General Bragg's services are not required with his present command.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

TOWER SIGNAL STATION, February 10, 1865-6 p. m.

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

This p. m. three brigades of rebel infantry were seen moving toward Petersburg on military road, running parallel to Cox road, and nearer South Side Railroad. They were first seen at a point 50 degrees west of north, and last at a point north by east, still marching. Two of the brigades had four regiments, and the other three. The column was eighteen minutes passing a point. Two trains have passed toward city on South Side Railroad, inall twelve platform and two box cars. The platform cars were loaded with wood. One train of nine platform cars, with nothing on them, passed westward. A brigade on parade at large camp 10 degrees west of north. Camp-smokes as usual.

T. H. FEAREY,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 40. February 10, 1865.

* * * *

7. In obedience to instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding Armies of the United States, the First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, will at once proceed to Baltimore, via Warren's Station and City Point. On the arrival of these troops in Baltimore the commanding officers will report by telegraph to Major-General Halleck, Chief of Staff, Washington. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 10, 1865.

The commanding general directs that you report to these headquarters the names of all such non-commissioned officers and enlisted men of your command as have pre-eminently distinguished themselves by gallantry and good conduct in the actions of the 5th, 6th and 7th of February, 1865.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

