
from a lack of general officers, in now commanded by an officer of less rank. Said brigade is commanded by Colonel Robert Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, the senior officer.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 10, 1865.

Brigade commanders will at once cause all the timber in their front to be slashed to the full distance of 800 yards, and as soon as the breast-works are completed, will cause a strong and effective abatis to be constructed about 100 yards in front of the works. They will also take such measures as will effectually prevent any of the men from cutting away or removing any portion of the abatis or slashing. The men's huts will be put up 100 feet in rear of the works. It is noticed that wagons have been permitted to got in front of the works to the picket-line for wood; this must be stopped immediately. The wood now in rear of works will be used while it lasts, or until definite arrangements are made to procure the necessary supply.

By order of Brevet Major-General Miles:

RICHD. A. BROWN,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 10, 1865.

General SMYTH:

GENERAL: You will withdrawn your division before daylight to-morrow morning and occupy the intrenched line on the left of McAllister's brigade, extending as far as the Vaughan road. You will post one brigade in reserve, some 500 or 600 yards in rear. The artillery will be withdrawn at midnight, under the direction of the commander of the Artillery Brigade. You will withdraw your picket-line to the new line at the same time, and destroy such rifle-pits you leave as might be useful to the enemy.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 10, 1865.

General G. MOTT:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires me to inform you that General Smyth has been instructed to withdrawn to the new intrenched line to-morrow morning just before daylight. General West should be withdrawn just previously.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

