
more definite statement. The line to the run from Fort Sampson is shorter now than it was before, and leaves but little to hold along the run itself. I have had Hatcher's Run surveyed below here. It runs south 40 degrees east for one mile and three-fourths below the Vaughan road crossing. My pickets extend one mile below the crossing on the left bank, thence nearly due east along a road to J. W. Spiers', on the Halifax road, and up the latter to the crossing of it by the Church road. I will send you a map by orderly.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 10, 1865-11.10 a. m. (Received 11.40 a. m.)

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

You are to hold the crossing on the Vaughan road and the works at that point; General Humphreys to the crossing. The right of your picket line west of the stream to connect with the lest of his, northeast of the stream.

ALEX S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 10, 1865-5 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report, in answer to your dispatch to know whether I have an old reliable brigade, numbering not over 1,000 to 1,200 men, that, in the First Division, the Third Brigade, commanded by Brevet Brigadier-General Pearson, General Bartlett being now absent on sick leave, has 77 officers and 1,614 men, which includes nearly all the old regiments left of the old Fifth Corps. The First Brigade, Second Division, Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop commanding, has 53 officers and 950 men; the major part is a heavy artillery regiment (the Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery). First Brigade (Brigadier-General Bragg), Third Division, has 78 officers, 1,261 men; Second Brigadier (Brigadier-General Baxter), 52 officers, 800 men; Second Brigade (Brevet Brigadier-General Hofmann), 50 officers, 788 men. These are all old regiments and old brigades. I have already sent an old and reliable brigade when the regulars left me last October. I cannot designate which of the above brigades is the one most desired, but either of them will cause regret if it has to leave.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 10, 1865-10.20 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general directs that the First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Corps, be immediately placed in readiness to move to Baltimore, via Warren's Station and the City Point Railroad, when directed

