HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,February 10, 1865-8.30 p. m.

General GORDON,

Norfolk, Va.:

Notify commanders of boats and vessels on the Chesapeake and Albemarle Canal and Chowan River that a large party has left Petersburg probably to intercept navigation of these or neighboring waters by torpedoes or boarding vessels. Send word also to General Palmer to notify vessels to be prepared for such parties.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA,Norfolk, Va., February 10, 1865.

Lieutenant J. L. DE PEYSTER,

Aide-de-Camp, Headquarters District of Eastern Virginia:

LIEUTENANT: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you proceed at once to Wolf Trap, Shoals Light-Ship and inquire into the strength of the force there, the regiment from which they are detailed, by whom detailed, and who commands them; also, into the danger of an attack from the rebels, upon the means of defense, and if necessity exists for a re-enforcement, and, if so, to what extent. You will get all the information in your power to enable the commanding general to judge of the danger of an attack and of the necessity for re-enforcements. If in your opinion there exists any danger of an immediate attack, upon your return you will call upon the commanding officer of the naval force at Fort Monroe, and request him to send a gun-boat to that neighborhood. You will apply to Colonel Webster, chief quarter-master at Fort Monroe, and request immediate transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 10, 1865.]

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Department of Virginia:

I have seen Commodore Radford, and arranged matters with him; he will communicate with Commodore Schenck. The cavalry should leave the fort by 8 o'clock Sunday morning. If the officer in command of the cavalry will report to me to-morrow I can give him the roads by which he should advance. The boat expedition will take place Sunday night. Commodore Radford agrees with me in the supposition I formed of the destination and object of the reported torpedo party; he thinks it confirmed by intelligence received to-day from Admiral Porter.

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, February 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

My scouts report about fifty mounted rebels at Leetown at noon to-day.

W. H. SEWARD,

Brigadier-General.

