
CLARSBURG, W. VA., February 10, 1865.

Captain THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

Last Tuesday a squad of about forty rebels crossed at mouth of Big Birch, heading toward Little Kanawha, in Calhoun, and several small parties of five to seven each have since passed same way. I have no force west of here to send in that direction. Have ordered a scout from Bulltown to Calhoun.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON, U. S. FLAG-SHIP MALVERN,

Cape Fear River, February 11, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of the Navy has referred your letter of the 24th January to me, in relation to the ram said to be building at Rainbow Bluff, as it is in my district. Ample precautions have been taken to meet any case of this kind, and more are in progress. No ram can get into the sounds if officers do their duty and carry out my orders. At New Berne there are torpedo-boats, also at Plymouth, which are the best defense against rams. The obstructions at New Berne, originally very strong, have given way in one place. The vessel sunk there has been moved by the force of the current. As these obstructions are under the charge of the military commander, I would suggest that the gap be filled up with crib-work and stone, which is stronger, and will stand better than sunken vessels. Torpedoes are ordered to be sunk in both rivers worked by galvanic batteries. The ram Albemarle is being raised, but could not be made available in four months, except to sink as an obstruction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 11, 1865-3.10 p. m.

J. W. GARRETT,

President of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Baltimore:

I wish to leave here at 10 this evening. Besides my own party there will be a committee of Congress going with me; probably a part of fifteen in all. If more convenient for you to send a car at a later hour it will answer my purpose. Please answer.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 11, 1865.

(Received 12.50 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

Colonel Sharpe reports that the greatest excitement prevails in Richmond, which is used by the Government to brace up the people, but

