HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 11, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of the 10th instant, I have the honor to report the following brevet brigadier-generals as serving in Second Corps under permanent assignments to brigades, according to their brevet rank; Bvt. Brigadier General G. N. Macy, colonel Twentieth Massachusetts, First Brigade, First Division; Byt. Brigadier General H. J. Madill, colonel One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania, Third Brigade, First Division; Byt. Brigadier General J. Ramsey, colonel Eighth New Jersey, Fourth Brigade, First Division; Byt. Brigadier General R. McAllister, colonel Eleventh New Jersey, Third Brigade, Third Division. Byt. Brigadier General G. W. West, colonel Seventeenth Maine, is in temporary command of the Second Brigade, Third Division, during the temporary absence of Brigadier General B. R. Pierce, U. S. Volunteers, on leave. Thee are no brevet brigadier-general unassigned, except Brevet Brigadier-General West.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 11, 1865.

Byt. Major General N. A. MILES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you push forward the slashings in your front as vigorously as possible to-morrow. The detail for the two batteries is respectively 250 and 200 privates, with the proper complement of officers and non-commissioned officers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 11, 1865.

1. Brigade commanders will continue the slashing in front of the division to the prescribed distance (800 yards or to the picket-line) at 8 a. m. to-morrow, with sufficient force to keep every ax at work. The detail from Second Brigade will work at any point in front of the division where it is practicable. The details from First and Third Brigades for work on the batteries will report at 8.30 a. m., as previously directed.

2. As soon as the slashing in front of the line of works is completed to the prescribed distance, the commanding officers of the First and Third Brigades will proceed to lay out camps for their troops, leaving a space of thirty yards in rear of the breast-works, the best ground being selected. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade will camp on the ground now occupied by it. The camps will be laid out in a proper manner, sinks dug, all offal in the vicinity buried. A small detail from each regiment will be allowed to go back to the old camps for the pur-

