HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 11, 1865-6.55 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

General Bragg telegraphs he has sixty-six men unarmed in old camp, detachment of pioneers at headquarters division, 155 men and 4 offices on picket near Hatcher's Run, and odd men, with number scattered through division an corps. He is directed to return the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers. All of his men not belonging to these regiments should be sent forward. He is directed to await them at City Point. I have notified General Crawford by telegraph of all matters in this dispatch.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 11, 1865-7.15 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Two deserters from the Twenty-first North Carolina came into our lines to-day. They belong to Lewis' brigade (Hoke's old brigade), Pegram's division. They say Lewis is now in command of Pegram's division. These men are very intelligent and communicative, and I send them up to-night. They say that they have a good line of breast-works and abatis at Dabney's Mill, held by a very strong picket-line; that their main camps are way back on the Boydton plank road; only one division is south of Hatcher's Run, and that all Mahone's men have gone back. They say that their corps won't fight; that one division ran under no fire at all, just at the sound of the others firing. General Pegram was killed right at the saw-mill. They think we would have no trouble to drive the enemy back north of Hatcher's Run. They got information of our last movement from the bugles and drums sounding and beating that night, and not sounding the reveille at the usual hour, so that hereafter we ought to keep our music silent and leave it in camp to sound the calls at the usual hours. They represent affairs as being very desperate down South in the way of supplies. They understood that their cavalry had orders to go back to Belfield this morning.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 27. Camp near Petersburg, Va., February 11, 1865.

I. Special Orders, Numbers 36, from these headquarters, assigning Captain E. Szabad, additional aide-de-camp, to Brevet Major-General Ayres, commanding Second Division, is rescinded. Captain Szabad will report for duty at these headquarters.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED T. LOCKE,Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

