HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 12, 1865-1.47 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

The First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Corps, excepting the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, left City Point during the night for Baltimore. The strength of this brigade reported in my dispatch to you of the 10th instant was 78 officers and 1,261 men. This was reported by the corps commander from his field returns, and did not include men detached or new recruits without arms, in number about 700. Upon ascertaining this I directed General Bragg to return the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers to their old camps, to proceed with the remainder of his brigade, about 1,200 men, and report to you by telegraph on his arrival at Baltimore.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 12, 1865-7.24 p. m.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera, Washington, D. C.:

General Bragg's brigade, of the Fifth Corps, is en route to Baltimore detached to guard camps of drafted men. With this brigade is an independent company of New York sharpshooters that do not belong to the brigade, but to which are attached some men that do belong to the regiments of the brigade. The company is armed with telescopic rifles, and can be of service here. Please have such of the company that do not belong to regiments of the brigade actually with him-that is, the company, excepting the attached men-ordered back. General Bragg is ordered to report by telegraph to General Halleck on his arrival at Baltimore.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, February 12, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Bragg ordered the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Regiments to disembark, but he gave them no further orders. They are now on the wharf, not knowing what to do. Will you please give them orders?

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 12, 1865-10.10 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point:

At 5 p. m. yesterday General Bragg was telegraphed to send back one or two regiments, sufficient to cover the surplus of his brigade-over 1,200 men; commanding officers to report to General Warren,

