HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General RAMSEY, Commanding Fourth Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed to say that the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers may be withdrawn from Fort Cummings, and will be placed on the left of your line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. BROWN,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 12, 1865.

1. The commanding officers of the First and Third Brigades will at once proceed to place two lines of abatis along their respective fronts, the first 50 and the second 100 yards in front of their breast-works. They will see that these abatis are first placed in front of the batteries and where there is not a good slashing, and placed so that it cannot be enfiladed. They will place competent officers in charge, and the whole will be under the superintendence of Captain Atkinson, engineer officer.

2. The commanding officer Second Brigade will furnish a detail of 350 privates, with axes, with the proper number of officers and non-commissioned officers, to finish the slashing in front of the division, commencing at 8 a. m. to-morrow on the left. The commanding officers of the First and Third Brigades will furnish to-morrow the daily details for work in the batteries, as heretofore ordered, and also sufficient number of officers and men to place to abatis in their fronts. This will be put down without delay.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1865.

Captain HENRY T. LEE,

Commanding Company A, Fourth New York Artillery:

CAPTAIN: The brevet lieutenant-colonel commanding instructs me to inform you that the battery now in your charge is on the Sixth Corps line, and that a company from the Sixth Corps is to take your place. He suggests that these facts should be reported to the commanding officer of your regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. D. EDDY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 12, 1865-1.05 p. m.

Major-General WARREN, Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general directs me to say that it appears from Colonel Locke's telegram of yesterday that Bragg's (First) brigade, of Crawford's (Third) division, was in its old camp on the night of the 10th. The general desire to know by what authority it was there,

