HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1865. (Received 10.30 a. m.)

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the past twenty-four hours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1865. (Received 9.15 a. m.)

Major-General WEBB:

Nothing new to report on this front. The cannonading of yesterday was caused by our people firing upon working party of the enemy, and was confined mainly to mortar practice. No casualties yet reported.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY,Camp Gregg, Va., February 12, 1865.

Lieutenant ROBERT HENRY,

Acting Adjutant:

SIR: Agreeable to instructions received from Major James H. Hart, commanding the regiment, I have the honor to report having scouted the country yesterday down the James as far as Claremont, at which place I arrived about 8 p. m. On my way out I caught three men belonging to this regiment who deserted from dismounted camp. They were caught at a house five miles this side Fort Powhatan. No enemy was seen on the entire route. I passed out through our lines on the stage route, going by way of Sycamore Church, thence by telegraph road to Brandon Church and Cabin Point, and returned by the same route, reaching camp this morning at 4.30 o'clock. Calremont has been the resort of deserters from our army, but is now diligently watched by our gun-boats, which lie in the river opposite. A party from one of them arrested six deserters yesterday evening before I got to the place.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WM. HUGHES,

Captain, Commanding Company C, First New Jersey Cavalry.

WINCHESTER, VA., February 12, 1865.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies, City Point, Va.:

The weather here still continues very bad. The deep snow is still on the ground and very cold. It is utterly impossible to do anything here in such weather. I never have experienced a colder or worse winter. I cannot learn as yet that any troops have left here for Richmond. Echols' brigade went to the Narrows, on New River, about twenty miles from Dublin Depot. I do not know what this move means, except it is to collect provisions from about Pearisburg.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

35 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

