
who have families partially or wholly dependent upon their pay for a support on account of delay in receiving their dues. Will you please submit this matter to the Secretaries of War and Treasury.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 13, 1865-10.20 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington:

I requested Lieutenant-General Grant to speak to you on the subject of the recent published report of the Committee on the Conduct of the War on the Petersburg mine. I find on his return to-day the subject escaped his memory. The report of the Committee is a severe censure on me, and I think in justification of my conduct on that occasion I am entitled to have published the opinion and proceedings of the Court of Inquiry, convened by order of the President, at my request, immediately after the affair. I have now to apply for the publication of these proceedings, and in case this request cannot be granted I desire to know if the Department is willing my friends in the Senate should call for them. Several have expressed a willingness to do so, but I requested them to desist till the Department could be consulted.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, February 13, 1865.

(Received 12.35 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

The lieutenant-general has returned to his headquarters at City Point.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, February 13, 1865.

(Received 12.45 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

General Grant has returned, and will be pleased to see you any time to-day.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 13, 1865-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Major-General Humphreys was promised a leave of absence on the return of General Warren, some weeks since; just as he was about leaving your order was received forbidding leaves to general officers. Since then military operations have interposed. He now desires to go. Have you any objections to my permitting him to leave? His line is all established.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

