
[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

January 6, 1865.

I. The picket-line of the Second and Third Divisions will be modified as follows to-morrow morning, the 7th instant; the old picket guard will remain posted until the new line is established.

II. That portion of the picket-line of the Second Division south of the Claypool house will be thrown forward so as to cover the Squirrel Level road, the left to rest upon the same branch of Arthur's Swamp that the present left rests upon.

III. The right of the picket-line of the Third Division will be thrown forward correspondingly with the left of that of the Second Division, and will be posted along the edge of the woods overlooking the open field of the Cummings house, connecting with the present line at the crossing of Arthur's Swamp.

IV. The reserves now posted on that part of the line moved forward will be advanced correspondingly, and in addition the Third Division will establish a reserve or guard of not less than 100 men on the Vaughan road in the vicinity of the McDowell field.

V. Besides the force for the grand guard the Third Division will furnish 100 additional men for the increased length of picket-line.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHARLES J. MILLS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,January 6, 1865. (Received 10.10 a.m.)

General S. WILLIAMS:

Nothing to report for the last twenty-four hours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN,Broadway Landing, Va., January 6, 1865-12.20 a.m.

Bvt. Major General H. J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Grant has ordered me on special duty with two of my companies now in your command. I have selected Company B, at Broadway Landing, and Company L, in Battery 12 and Fort Haskell. I have arranged to relieve the latter so as to secure the proper service of the batteries. Major Cook will command the regiment in my absence.

Yours, in great haste.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., January 6, 1865- 12.30 p.m.

(Received 1.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Grover's division of the Nineteenth Army Corps, 4,500 strong, left Stephenson's Depot at 12 m. to-day. The trains and ambulances are all

