
gades-Bvt. Brigadier General William H. Penrose, colonel Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, assigned to First Brigade, First Division, now absent on account of wounds; Bvt. Brigadier General J. E. Hamblin, colonel Sixth-fifth New York Volunteers, assigned to Third Brigade, First Division; Bvt. Brigadier General J. W. Keifer, colonel One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, assigned to Second brigade, Third Division. Temporarily assigned-Colonel J. M. Warner, Eleventh Vermont volunteers, to First Brigade, Second Division (this officer has been recommended for the appointment, and his name has been sent in to the Senate for confirmation); Colonel C. H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery, to Artillery Brigade (this officer has been recommended for appointment, and his name has been sent in to the Senate for confirmation). Unassigned-Colonel O. Edwards, thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers (it is understood that this officer has been appointed, but he is not assigned as far as known; he is now temporarily on duty in the Middle Military Division; Colonel I. C. Bassett, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers (this officer has been recommended for appointment, and his name has been sent in to the Senate for confirmation).

The assigned commander of the Third Division is Brevet Major-General Ricketts, now absent wounded, the division being now temporarily commanded by Brigadier-General Seymour, who is the assigned commander of the Second Brigade of that division. The only brigade in the corps not commanded by a general officer, or a colonel recommended for the brevet of that grade, is the Third Brigade of the Second Division, and should the nominations now before the Senate by confirmed, a brevet brigadier-general will be available for that command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 26. February 13, 1865.

1. The regiments of the respective brigades of this division selected at the inspection of Sunday, the 12th instant, as representing the best military appearance and reflecting the greatest credit upon their respective commanders, are announced for the information of the division: First Brigade-Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, commanded by Captain E. W. Davis; Second Brigade-Second Connecticut Artillery, commanded by Colonel James Hubbard; Third Brigade-Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Colonel I. C. Bassett.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wheaton:

GEO. CLENDENIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 13, 1865-9.25 a. m.

Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing unusual to report on our front. Some deserters are reported, but have not yet reached these headquarters.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

