
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 14, 1865.

(Received 1.40 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

You and your friends are authorized to publish anything you desire in relation to the mine. I will order the publication of the report of the court, but think it well also that it should be published by Congress, and will ask some member to-day to move a call for it.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 14, 1865.

(Received 3.50 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Senator Harris, one of your friends in the Senate, will offer a resolution to-day calling for the report of the Court of Inquiry about the mine.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CITY POINT, VA., February 14, 1865.

(Received 3.50 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

The following dispatch is just received, and is furnished for your information and guidance:

WASHINGTON, February 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have positive assurance from the Treasury Department that money will be furnished during this month for the payment to December 31. Please instruct the adjutants-general of the various commands to have the making up of the rolls of February 28 deferred, as we probably will not be able to complete the December payment until after the 28th instant. The Armies of the Potomac and James will be first paid, unless you otherwise request.

E. E. PAULDING,

Chief Paymaster, District of Washington.

By order:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 73. Washington, February 14, 1865.

* * * * *

59. First Lieutenant William S. Stryker, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person without delay to the commanding general Department of Pennsylvania for duty, to relieve First Lieutenant Amos T. Thayer, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, in his duties as chief signal officer of the that department. Lieutenant Stryker will be accompanied by his flagman, First-Class Private Joseph A. Sedam, Signal Corps, U. S. Army. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

59. First Lieutenant Amos M. Thayer, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, on being relieved by Lieutenant Stryker, will proceed without delay to headquarters Army of the Potomac, and report in person to Captain Charles L. Davis, chief signal officer of that army, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

