
here and intact. Heavy you any orders for them? The men have fully forty rounds of ammunition on their persons. The following is a copy of the instructions given Grover:

Major-General GROVER,

Commanding Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding, directs that you proceed with your division at 10 o'clock to-day, via railroad, to the city of Baltimore. On your arrival at the city of Baltimore you will, without delay embark your troops on transports already there in readiness for you. After you have embarked your command, you will proceed to Fort Monroe, and there rendezvous, telegraphing to Lieutenant-General Grant immediately on your arrival. You will have to use the utmost vigilance to guard against desertion, large bounties, and the numerous bounty brokers who will be at work.

J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, January 6, 1865-7.20 p.m.

(Received 7.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I to-day ordered two bounty-jumpers to be shot to death and the order was executed. These men were caught by one of my staff officers while they were in the act of deserting, and supposing him to be a rebel they gave him accurate information of the position of the troops and what troops had left, and exchanged their U. S. uniforms for that of the rebel. I thought it best to make an example of them at once. We have lost a great many men by desertion, particularly in coming from Washington to join their regiments.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, January 6, 1865

(Received 8.15 a.m. 7th.)

Colonel J. A. EKIN,

Cavalry Bureau:

General Sheridan directs me to inform you that he has ordered depot at Hagerstown to be broken up and discontinued. All U. S. stores have been sent away excepting forage which is being delivered on contracts previously made. He thinks that there are too many depots of similar kind now in West Virginia, which he deems of more injury to the service than benefit. Will communicate fully by letter.

HENRY PAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 5. January 6, 1865

* * * * * *

3. By reason of the seniority of rank of the commanding officer of the troops now stationed at the post of Winchester, Colonel O. Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, is relieved from command of the same, and will report to these headquarters for orders.

