HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,February 14, 1865.

Bvt. Major General G. A. CUSTER,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions received from the major-genera commanding the Middle Military Division, the acting chief of cavalry directs that each of the three cavalry division haul fifty wagon-loads of rails from the farms [of] the following-named citizens-viz, James Gordon, Mr. Pyles, Buck Murphy, Mr. Grimes, and Johnson Fars- and unload them in the immediate vicinity of the Winchester Cemetery, for the purpose of fencing the same. The above-named parties live in the vicinity of the camps of the Second Cavalry Division, and have been guilty of harboring guerillas. The acting chief of cavalry directs that you send fifty wagons, with a proper escort, on Thursday a. m., at 7 o'clock, to the farms of James Gordon and Mr. Pyles, and haul twenty-five wagon-loads from each, and deposit them as heretofore mentioned. The exact locality can be ascertained from Captain Howe, First West Virginia Cavalry, who can be found at the headquarters Second Cavalry Division. This should be ascertained the day previous, that the wagons may take as direct a route as possible. General Fessenden will furnish a guard for the rails after they are unloaded. The commanding officer First Cavalry Division has been instructed to haul fifty wagon-loads from the farms of Buck Murphy and Mr. Grimes, and the Second Cavalry Division fifty loads from the farm of Johnson Fars.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,February 14, 1865.

Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

I think from all the information at hand that the enemy have ordered in all their cavalry that was scattered at home. It has orders to assemble by the 15th of this month. This will draw off these scattered men who have been creating alarm. I will go to Baltimore to-morrow, to return in about three days. Can't you come down to Winchester on my return? I would like to see you.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., February 14, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

SIR: In pursuance of instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, my command, composed of four regiments from the First Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, shipped from City Point on the 12th instant for Baltimore, there to await instructions. Three regiments of the command are supposed to have reached Baltimore; the remainder have been obliged to stop at this point by reason of ice in the bay. The depot quartermaster at this point cannot furnish transportation until to-morrow.

EDWARD S. BRAGG,

Brigadier-General.

