
being there. They believe their cavalry have gone back to Belfield, and say their horses, many of them, are broken down for want of forage. They say, also, that the two days' rations issued them every other day is so small that the men are so hungry when they get it as to eat it all up at one meal; it is only meet and flour. These men say General Lee was at the battle on the 6th; also, that it is reported to them that 600 men laid down their arms a few days ago in the Petersburg lines, but were forced back to duty.

Is it not worth while to try and flank their position at Dabney's Mill and drive them out, to increase their demoralization?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 15, 1865.

Colonel RUGGLES:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the past twenty-four hours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 15, 1865. (Received 9.15 a. m.)

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing unusual to report. Some deserters came in during the night, but they have not yet reached these headquarters.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 15, 1865-10 a. m.

Major-General PARKE:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to call your attention to the following: Two deserters came through your lines on the night of the 12th, passing in about 150 yards to the left of the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad, through an opening in the works, and in a parallel direction to the railroad. They crossed the railroad near Fort Rice; were stopped by cavalry in rear; were not seen be your command. The Eighth Michigan is reported as having been on picket.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 15, 1865-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Deserters report a rumor in enemy's camp to the effect that Sherman is in Charlotte.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

