
many more to come in. General Forsyth is engaged making a detailed statement of what they have to say, which will be sent you by telegraph.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,February 15, 1865.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state for the information of the general commanding, that last night I sent a party toward Snicker's Gap, passing through Purcellville at daybreak, returning by Wood Grove and Hillsborough. Searched all the houses, but the alarm had got out, and the rebs were off. Caught four of Seventh Virginia Cavalry, and six fine horses, fully equipped with our saddles. Chased a great many into the mountains, but the snowdrifts were leg deep and the storm so thick that the troops could not see. The object of the expedition was to catch Mobberly and his band. I will get them yet, if they don't leave. Last night he had to cut the horses from his sleigh and leave it in the road.

Very respectfully,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 40. Before Petersburg, Va., February 16, 1865.

* * * * *

4. The following are designated as the details to report daily at 8.30 a. m. to the engineer officer in charge of the following-named works, until the same are completed; all previous details for this duty are revoked: Battery A-First Division, 150 men, properly officered, with 80 shovels, 30 picks, and 10 axes. Battery B-First Division, 150 men, properly officered, with 90 shovels, 35 picks, and 15 axes. Two-gun Battery-Third Division, 125 men, properly officered, with 75 shovels, 25 picks, and 15 axes. Battery E-Third Division, 75 men, properly officered, with 55 shovels, and 20 picks. Major Gould, Fourth New York Artillery, in charge of the works, will report to these headquarters and to the commanders of the First and Third Divisions as soon as the respective works are completed and the details are no longer necessary.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Mott:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 16, 1865.

Colonel RUGGLES, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing of importance to report. Two deserters from Cooke's brigade, Heth's division, came in last night.

G. MOTT,

Major-General.

