
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 2ND. ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. February 16, 1865.

The U. S. sharpshooters (including the First and Second consolidated battalions), being about to be broken up as a distinct organization, in compliance with orders from the War Department, the brigadier-general commanding division will not take leave of them without acknowledging their good and efficient service during about three years' service in the field. The U. S. sharpshooters leave behind a glorious record in the Army of the Potomac, since the first operations against Yorktown in 1862, up to the last movement of the army on Hatcher's Run, and few are the battles or engagements were they did not make their mark. The brigadier-general commanding, who had them under his command during most of the campaigns of 1863 and 1864, would be the last to forget their brave deeds during that period, and he feels assured that in the different organizations to which they are to belong, severally, officers and men will show themselves worthy of their old reputation. With them the past answers for the future.

By command of Brigadier-General De Trobriand:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 16, 1865-9 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB:

I have the honor to report all quiet in my front last night. Two deserters from Sixth North Carolina were received yesterday and forwarded.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,February 16, 1865.

Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to transmit reports of the different brigades of this division, and submit them as my report of the movements of the troops under my command during the operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The brigade reports are returned herewith, with indorsements, and also General Winthrop's report of the operations of his brigade, which, from the others sent General Griffin, must have been part of the time under his direction. The major-general commanding wishes to have

---------------

*See Part I, pp. 265, 268, 270.

---------------

