
CITY POINT, February 17, 1865.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Have you ascertained the cause of the musketry firing last night, supposed to be on the Ninth Corps front?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 17, 1865-10.20 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

No special report has been made of the musketry firing last night. I presume it to have been confined to picket-firing, made more lively by the artillery practice during the day. This was brought on 1 understand by our batteries on the right shelling some camps of the enemy in the morning, the enemy returning the compliment in the afternoon. I have sent officers to investigate the matter. Fifty-sixth deserters have come in during the last two days. They all concur that their rations are very short, and that there is great discontent among the men.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 17, 1865.

(Received 3.38 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

The reply to your telegram concerning the date of General Mott's brevet was based upon the Senate printed list of nominations, which gave him the date of August 1. The official notification of confirmation has just been received through the President, and the date therein is September 9. Upon examination no recommendations for a charge of date are found on file, and none was made.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

FEBRUARY 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

We have information from Richmond, sent yesterday by our friends there. They say that the only military movement which has transpired lately has been the sending of a portion of Wickham's cavalry command to the enemy's intrenched line near White Oak Swamp, which has been previously reported. They add that the remainder of Wickham's command is at or near Gordonsville, but is expected to come to Richmond. It is understood that Beauregard has sent, insisting that Hoke's division shall be sent him from North Carolina, and that he has pledged himself to whip Sherman if it is sent. It has been ordered to him, and it is reported on the streets that Jeff. Davis says that Branchville and Charleston must be held at all hazards, particularly Charleston. Day before yesterday the agent of the Bay Line of steamers was in Richmond

