
for the purpose of selling the company's steamers to the Government, but it is understood that Government has not money to buy them. Blockade-runners are now turning their attention to passing cotton through Galveston. Our friends also say that, in default of a harbor, goods of every description and Government necessaries are brought weekly, in steam-boats, from Philadelphia to the Northern Neck, unloaded, and taken to a farmer named Phillips and another named Murphy. The boat is understood to arrive and return Saturday night, and it is claimed that the detectives on our side are in league with the blockade-runners there. People in Richmond believe that General Lee has personally gone south. The specie belonging to the Government, heretofore kept at Columbia, was brought from there night before last. It is understood that in the armory and arsenal they are packing up the tools and unfinished work, and that some have been already sent to Danville. I sent you a Richmond paper of yesterday with all the news from Sherman.

GEO. H. SHARPE.

CITY POINT, February 17, 1865-5 p. m.

Captain SCHUYLER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Forty deserters received here to-day from Pickett's and Field's divisions. They left the enemy's lines night before last, up to which time all the brigades on the north side and between the two rivers were in the same position as heretofore, as shown on Captain Oliver's map, except that Grimes' brigade is on a line from the junction of the Appomattox and Swift Creek to the right of Steuart's brigade. Grimes commands the division in the absence of Battle, wounded, and Cowand commands Grimes' brigade. By my report to General Webb, inclosed to you this p. m., it would seem that no troops have passed through Richmond up to yesterday noon, which would not be necessary to the movement you indicate. Let me know what the information is on which your inquiry is founded. I shall probably have further news to-night, and will telegraph you again if I get it.

SHARPE,

Colonel.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 79. Washington, February 17, 1865.

* * * * *

34. Captain Francis W. Noblett, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major-General Sheridan, commanding Middle Military Division, for assignment to duty with the Second Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

