
rebels were at a house last night above the island; took two mules, and threatened to shot the man. I am short of ammunition; can I have some up? Can I burn some houses across the island which serve as shelter for rebel scouts, and of which they easily can make a raft to cross over on the lower end of the island?

CARLO BLOMBERG,

Lieutenant.

FORT MAGRUDER, February 17, 1865.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is a force of rebel cavalry at the Burnt Ordinary at the Richmond road. They are still around my lines. I have only a small force at Jamestown Island. Should they attack at that post I cannot help there. I want more cavalry. The rebels are in the vicinity of Jamestown Island; last night stole some mules just above; threatened to shot the owner. If possible I would like the two companies I request a short time since. No news from Major Darling yet.

Very respectfully,

J. C. HICKS,

Major, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., February 17, 1865-2.38 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding, &amp;c., New York:

The Secretary of State has transmitted to the Department a telegram, of which the following is a copy:

HALIFAX, N. S., February 16, 1865.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Am informed that Oswego will probably be one of the points of attack by rebel raiders from Canada, and that threats are made against Rochester. Dispatches by steamer.

M. M. JACKSON,

U. S. Consul.

The report of Consul Jackson is referred to you for your information, with directions to take such precautionary measures in the premises as you deem proper.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., February 18, 1865-2 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The only further particulars learned from the rebel steamer destroyed yesterday by a torpedo is that she had on at the time, besides the crew, the medical director from Richmond, Captain Hatch, assistant committee. She had also on board 2,000 blankets, 20 cases shoes and blouses, and about 40 boxes express freight for our prisoners South. I had prohibited the laying of percussion torpedoes above the upper end of the

