
Dutch Gap Canal by the army, and Commodore Radford informs me that the navy have laid none such there. There is but little doubt that the accident occurred from a torpedo that has been a long time in the water, and probably shifted from its original position by freshest. I have not yet learned whether any passengers or crew escaped.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 18, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock was recommended, nominated, and confirmed for brevet brigadier-general in the volunteers service. I fear there are no vacancies now in the full brigadiers to which he could be appointed.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 18, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I learn from a telegram from Colonel Hardie that the date of Brevet Major-General Mott's commission is September 10, and not August 1, as previously stated by Colonel Hardie. General Mott was appointed in advance of the other appointments in this army, and owing to his name not being included in the list presented by his corps commander, his name was not on the list sent in by me. As, however, the President has thought proper to confer this appointment on General Mott, to which I not only have no objections to offer, but, on the contrary, approve, justice to General Mott requires the date of his commission should be the same as that given to the other officers of this army similarly situated, viz, August 1, 1864, and I have therefore to recommend that, if practicable, his commission be so amended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

CITY POINT, February 18, 1865.

Captain SCHUYLER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Received this morning thirty-nine deserters from Field's, Pickett's, and Battle's division, and local and reserve troops. There are no changes between the two rivers or on the north side. These men left mostly night before last. Report from Manning late last night saying there were no changes on entire front of Army of the James. Night before last one company of each regiment in Steuart's brigade attacked picket-line in front of Bermuda. Though old troops and selected, they

