HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,February 18, 1865-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General SHEPLEY:

Cole's colored cavalry, dismounted, has been ordered to report to you and leaves to-day. One company of it is mounted. This is all the cavalry General ord says he can spare you. What detachment have you on Jamestown Island?

JNO. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff.

NORFOLK, February 18, 1865-10.40 a. m.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your telegram that Cole's cavalry is all the cavalry the commanding general can spare me. Will the infantry requested by Brigadier-General Vogdes be sent; and if so when? The force at Jamestown Island is thirty-five picked men of the Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery.

G. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 18, 1865-12.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General CARR,

Wilson's Wharf:

Order back to this command the regiment of cavalry recently sent to Fort Powhatan.

By order:

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT MAGRUDER, VA., February 18, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the James:

I received information yesterday from rebel deserters that there was a force, and quite a large one, between me and the Chickahominy. At the same time the officer in command at Jamestown Island telegraphed that there was a force of them at the Burnt Ordinary, on the Richmond road. They took a pair of mules from a farmer int eh immediate vicinity of the island, and the people outside our lines report the same. The pickets report seeing them outside of our lines. I think their object is to get horses to remount their own cavalry. My cavalry force is too small to scout the country. I have only 115 for duty, and there are daily detailed for guard thirty-three of that number. The only damage that I fear is that they may destroy or injure the telegraph wire between Fort Monroe and the front. Should I see or hear anything further I will immediately telegraph. It is quite possible that this may be a portion of the rebel cavalry reported from the front as coming down our way.

Very respectfully,

JULIUS C. HICKS,

Major Sixteenth New York Volunteer Artillery, Commanding Post.

