
no further use to the rebellion. Sufficient cavalry should be left behind to look after Mosby's gang. From Lynchburg, if information you might get there would justify it, you could strike south, heading the streams in Virginia to the westward of Danville, and push on and join Sherman. This addition raid-with one now about starting from East Tennessee under Stoneman, numbering 4,000 or 5,000 cavalry; one from Vicksburg, numbering 7,000 or 8,000 cavalry; one from Eastport, Miss., 10,000 cavalry; Canby from Mobile Bay, with about 38,000 mixed troops-these three latter pushing for Tuscaloosa, Selma, and Montgomery; and Sherman with a large army eating out the vital of South Carolina-is all the will be wanted to leave nothing for the rebellion to stand upon. I would advise you to overcome great obstacles to accomplish this, Charleston was evacuated on Tuesday last.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHT ARMY CORPS, Numbers 31. Baltimore, Md., February 20, 1865.

Major George H. Hooker, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to paragraph 32, Special Orders, No 47, Adjutant-General's Office, January 30, 1865, is hereby announced as on the staff of the general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS,Washington, february 20, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: You will remember that in the list of recommendations for brevets for the Army of the Potomac last fall Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, chief of my staff and assistant inspector-general, was recommend for appointment as full brigadier-general by yourself and General Meade. This appointment was not made, but Colonel Morgan received the appointment of brevet brigadier-general. I was informed at the War Department that there were few vacancies, and that Colonel Morgan, being a staff officer, must give way to commanders of troops who had been recommended for promotion. You may remember saying to me subsequently that you would have Colonel Morgan promoted when I was in position to assign him to a command in the First Corps. Colonel Morgan is anxious to command troops, and if he is promoted I will assign him to duty to command the First Brigade, unless you should order him elsewhere. As he has several for three years with the Army of the Potomac, he tells me, if the matter is left to his choice, he would prefer some new field, say General Sherman's army. Major-General Slocum applied nearly two years since to have Colonel Morgan promoted and assigned to a brigade in his corps. It is not necessary for me to reopen Colonel Morgan's case in this letter. I will merely say that in General Warren's official report of the battle of Bristoe, October

