
CITY POINT, VA., February 21, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Honorable F. M. STATION,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Mr. Paul, French consul at Richmond, has just presented himself at our lines and requests permission to go to Washington. As it has been but a short time since he west to Richmond I have declined to permit him to pass. I would like your directions in this matter.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 21, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The frequent surprises in Sheridan's command has excited a good deal of observation recently. Friday an entire detachment of 110 men were captured, of which I have seen no report from him. It was my design yesterday to recommend that Crook be ordered out of Cumberland to his front, but in the press of business it was not done. There has been negligence, I am afraid, along that whole line for months, and I have been in daily apprehension of disaster, so that Crook's misfortune is not unexpected. Can you excite more vigilance?

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War

CITY POINT, VA., February 21, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Warren or General Humphreys, either, would be good men to put in command of the Department of West Virginia. General Warren I would suggest. Brigadier-General Carroll is a very active officer, and I think would do well to take the place of General Kelley. I will telegraph to General Sheridan to hold commanders on the Baltimore and Ohio road responsible for every disaster.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, February 21, 1865-8 p. m. (Received 22nd.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Warren has a young wife in Baltimore, and of course family connections. I do not think he will suit for Crook's department. Humphreys will do better, but he would not be the right men. Can you not think of some one else" Ought not Crook and Kelley both be mustered out of service for gross negligence, and as an example, even if they should be afterward restored?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of Wafr.

