
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 21, 1865-4.18 p. m.,

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The Ninth-first New York Regiment was changed by General Banks, without authority, into an artillery regiment. The order was disapproved. The regiment is now in Fort McHenry, Baltimore, and the Adjutant-General recommends that it be sent to Army of the Potomac as in infantry regiment, and that a regiment of artillery serving there as infantry take its place in Baltimore. As such a change might interfere with operations in the field the matter is referred for your action.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 21, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Getty does not seem inclined to command the cavalry. I will see Crawford and Ayres; probably the letter is the best man. One difficulty is the evident separation from this army, with which those who have been identified desire to remain. How would it do to bring another division here and send it? Would this require too much time?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 21, 1865-2.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

At the same time I telegraphed you on the subject of the proposed raid I telegraphed to General Sheridan as to the practicability of his starting from where he is, in person, to reach Sherman, going by way of Lynchburg. I do not want to send both. Sherman has but little over 4,000 cavalry, and Schofield none. The main object is to re-enforce Sherman in that arm of service. I may yet sent the proposed re-enforcement to Wilmington. Going by Lynchburg would give us great advantages in cutting the Central road, Virginia and Tennessee road, the Danville road south of Danville, and the canal. If a division is sent from here it would have to be Greeg's to same time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, February 21, 1865.

(Received 4.40 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

There is a regiment of infantry garrisoning Fort McHenry, Batlimore. Would in interfere with your army to send a heavy artillery regiment to take its place and bring it to the Army of the Potomac? If not, you may send the regiment to relieve the one at Fort McHenry without further orders. Please answer.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

39 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

