
CITY POINT, VA., January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel M. R. MORGAN,

Chief Commissary, Armies operating against Richmond:

You will immediately proceed to Fort Monroe and load such seagoing vessels as may arrive at that point, with fifteen days' rations of provisions, and to see that such vessels are supplied with fuel and water. You will also provision each vessel with ten days' extra rations of hard bread, if the quantity on hand at Fort Monroe will permit; but if there be not a sufficient quantity then you will supply as many days' extra rations of hard bread to each vessel as the quantity on hand will allow. You will report by telegraph to these headquarters the number of vessels you may provision and the amount.

By the command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.

JANUARY 7, 1865

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

* * * * *

Information from City Point as follows:

The following from Richmond last night: "Rebels have collected all the lead that can be found, obtaining about 900 pounds. Powder scarce, and the supply in a measure cut off. Kershaw's division is known to have gone south. Corse's brigade, of Pickett's division, has crossed the north side of the James and is occupying Fort Gilmer."

JNO. C. BABCOCK.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 5. City Point, Va., January 7, 1865

I. In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 1., War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., January 7, 1865, Major General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers, will relieve Major General B. F. Butler in the command of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, temporarily.

II. Major General B. F. Butler will turn over to Major General E. O. C. Ord the records and orders of the department, and all public money in his possession, or subject to his order, collected by virtue of rules and regulations which he may have established.

III. The department staff will report to Major-General Ord for duty.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

January 7, 1865. (Received 10.20 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes in the disposition of the troops of this command since last report. Twelve deserters from the enemy came into our lines last night. Of these four were cavalrymen, who brought their horses and equipments with them.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

