
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 27. February 21, 1865.

I. First. To conform to General Orders, Numbers 7. of, February 20, 1865, from headquarters Sixth Corps, the following disposition of the line of defence of this division front is made: First Brigade, Fort Howard and Battery 26, both inclusive, and the line rifle-pits intervening; Third Brigade, from Battery 26 to Ford Wadsworth, including the latter, and the line of rifle-pits intervening; Second Brigade, the line of rifle-pits Fort Wadsworth to Fort Keeme. In case of a movement or an attack from the enemy forts and the inclosed works above named will be garrisoned by the troops of the brigades as designated above in numbers as follows: Fort Howard, 150 men, properly officered, Battery 26, 150 men properly officered; Fort Wadsword, 300 men properly, officered.

Second. The details of one-tenth for trench duty will be from each regiment. Brigade commanders will have them stationed opposite the center of that portion of the line or rifle-pits which they are to defend. No more than one-third of the guards thus formed will be allowed to sleep when on duty. They will be put on duty at retreat, and relieved next morning at the hour of guard mount.

II. The following-named enlisted men were selected by the brigade commanders as being the best equipped and most soldierly men of their respective brigades at the inspection of Sunday, February 12; First Brigade Private Garret Hogan, Company A. Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers; Second Brigade, Private Timothy Malone, Company D, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery; Third Brigade, Private Rodolphus Decker, Company C, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers. Private Timothy Malone, Company D, Second Connecticut Artillery, was selected by the division commanders as passing the best inspection.

III. Brigade commanders will cause furloughs to be made out for each of the above-named men, and forwarded for the approval of the general commanding. This inspection was the most satisfactory yet held, and reflects the highest credit upon the companies to which these men belong.

By command of Brevet Brigadier-General Penrose:

GEO. CLENDENIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 6TH CORPS, Numbers 9. February 21, 1865.

To conform to General Orders, Numbers 27, headquarters First Division, Sixth Army Corps, of this date, the following dispositions of the line of defense of this brigade front is made:

Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers to garrison Fort Wadsworth and small section of rifle-pits on its right; Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, from center of its camp to the left of rifle-pits in its front; Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, from center of its camp to the center of camp of Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers; Second Rhode Island Volunteers, from left of its camp to the center of Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers; Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, from sally port on right of its camp to the left of the Second Rhode Island Volunteers; One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, from Battery 26 to the sally-port on the battery. The Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers will relieve the infantry guards in Fort

