
Wadsworth, and after to-morrow will be relieved from details for picket duty. In case of a movement or attack from the enemy they will garrison the fort. The details of one-tenth from each regiment or trench duty will be as follows: From Second Rhode Island Volunteers, 31 enlisted men, properly officered; from Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, 54 enlisted men, properly officered; from Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, 33 enlisted men, properly officered; from Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 35 enlisted men, properly officered; from Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, 61 enlisted men, properly officered; from One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 23 enlisted men, properly officered.

Regimental commanders will have them stationed opposite the center of that portion of the line of rifle-pits which they are to defend. No more then one-third of the guard thus formed will be allowed to sleep when on duty. This guard will mount sentinels on the breast-works on their proper front not more than fifty paces apart. A drummer will accompany each details, and the roll will be called every two hours while on duty. The details will be put on duty at retreat, and relieved next morning at guard mount. I case of attack the details will be deployed along the front to which their commands have been assigned, and so remain until the troops assume their position, when they will take their proper places in the line of battle. One wagon will report to-morrow morning to each regiment, except the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for the purpose of hauling timber to built flooring, rafters, &amp;c for the shelter-tents of the trench guard. Regimental commanders will select the beast guard near the center of their line of defense between the breast-works and camps for these barracks, and see that they are not destroyed when the details are off duty, by posting guards over them. This order will go into effect to-morrow. Each regiment will be practiced in manning the works, and companies deployed at such intervals as my be necessary to cover the entire front. They will be instructed to assemble in their position along the breast-works at the sounding of the long roll, which will not, however, be used in practice, but four rolls substituted therefor.

By command of Brevet Brigadier-General Hamblin:

JAMES W. LATTA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 21, 1865.

Brigadier General T. SEYMOUR,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say to you that the intention of General Orders, Numbers 7, from these headquarters of 20th instant, is that one-tenth of your entire division shall be under arms upon the line of works which is now held by the Second Brigade, thus increasing the capacity for defense upon that part of the line when he deems it most necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. HALSTED,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

