
have blown down, as there has been no wind to-day. have I the authority, under the Order Numbers 196, dated December 1, 1864, from your headquarters, to burn all the houses in the vicinity, say within one mile? I did not get this information until after dark-too late to repair it. I will see that it is repaired by daylight to-morrow morning. Please answer.

Respectfully,

J. C. HICKS,

Major, Commanding.

CHERRYSTONE, February 21, 1865.

(Received 9.20 a. m.)

Commander F. A. PARKER,

Commanding Potomac Flotilla:

I arrived at this station at 8 a. m. this day, by order from Acting Volunteer Lieutenant-Commander Hooker. I found the Periwinkle here by orders from the honorable Secretary of the Navy, and to not think it prudent to countermand these orders, as I have been ordered by Captain Hooker to do so in case I came across her. The Banshee is too long to go up the river, and is now lying inside of the light-house. I have not as yet learned that any rebels have been known to have crossed the bay. Please inform Captain Hooker of my actions, as I am ordered to report to him to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SHANKLAND,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. Steamer Banshee.

CITY POINT, VA., February 21, 1865-2 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.:

The number of surprises in West Virginia indicate negligence on the part of officers and troops in that department, Hereafter, when these disasters occur, cause an investigation to be made by one of your staff officers of the circumstances, and when there has been neglect, punish it. I have recommended Warren f Humphreys as Crook's successor, and Carroll to take the place of Kelley. It you want any change from this telegraph me at once before assignments are made.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WINCHESTER, February 21, 1865.

(Received 22nd.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I would prefer Gibbon to either Humphreys or Warren if you can let me have him. If not, I prefer Humphreys to Warren. There is and has been as ineducable carelessness on the part of the officers and troops in the Department of West Virginia. I have dismissed, subject to the approval of the President, in all cases. There is on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, or covering it from Martinsburg to Parkersburg, 14,000

