
intercept them? The rebels told a story of Rosser's brigade being out of town some miles, on the New Creek road. This I do not credit. I will sent any further information.

Respectfully,

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 21, 1865.

(Received 9.45 a. m.)

Major-General SHERIDAN:

This morning, about 3 o'clock, a party of rebel horsemen came up on the New Creek road, about sixty in number. They captured the picket and quietly rode into town, went directly to the headquarters of Generals Crook and Kelley, sending a couple of men to each place to over-power the headquarters guard, when they went directly to the room of General Crook, and, without disturbing anybody else on the house, ordered him to dress and took him down stairs and placed him upon a horse ready saddled and waiting. The same was done to General Kelley; Captain Melvin, assistant adjutant-general to General Kelley, was also taken. While this was being done, a few of them, without creating any disturbance, opened one or two stores, but they left without waiting to take anything. It was done so quietly that others of us, who were sleeping in adjoining rooms to General Crook, were not disturbed. The alarm was given within ten minutes, by a darken watch man at the hotel who escaped from them, and within an hour we had a party of fifty cavalry after them. They tore up the telegraph lines, and it required almost an hour to get them working order. As soon as New Creek could be called I ordered a force to be sent to Romney, and it started without any unnecessary delay. A second force has gone from New Creek to Moorefield, and a regiment of infantry has gone to New Creek to supply the place of the cavalry. They rode good horses, and left at a very rapid rate, evidently fearful of being overtaken. They did not remain in Cumberland over ten minutes. From all information I am inclined to believe that, instead of Rossed, it is McNeill's company. Most of the men of that company are from this place. I will telegraph you fully any further information.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Halleck at 2.30 p. m.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,February 21, 1865.

Brigadier General T. C. DEVIN,

Lovettsville, Va.:

Colonel Reno, at Charlestown, has reported, and believes it reliable that there is a gradual concentration of men in London Valley under Mosby-three companies of the Sixth and one company of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry have been sent there-and that White's battalion is there. In addition to the above he has about 400 men on the Northern Neck under Chapman, making a total of some 1,200 or 1, 4000 available men at any time, but does not know their object. General Merritt

