HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,January 7, 1865

Major CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I desire to urge the propriety and necessity of forming this division into three brigades, now that opportunity for reorganization is possible. The Second Brigade constitutes two-thirds the division, the First Brigade, the remaining third, and there are only two brigades. The effective strength may be stated as 4,500 (of the division), sufficient to make three brigades of 1,500 effective men each. I would recommend that the Ninth [New York] Heavy Artillery and One hundred and tenth Ohio (Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General Keifer), or One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio (Colonel B. F. Smith), be the nucleus of this brigade. The Ninth Heavy Artillery has 1,140 enlisted men present; 498 enlisted men present. One hundred and tenth Ohio; 404 enlisted men present, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio. I would urge as early action as may be possible if the formation of a third brigade is deemed desirable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., January 7, 1865-10 a.m.

Colonel G. W. BRADLEY,

Chief Quartermaster, City Point:

I would like the Scott as soon as possible. The Chase will be wanted as soon as the engineer company is embarked. Major Cook is now ready on way to explain verbally the matter to you. Both steamers must be here before dark if possible.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., January 7, 1865

Brigadier-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: It is known that the enemy are rapidly engaged throwing up protection for their pickets, and it is supposed for the purpose of opening picket-firing. This is being done rapidly in your front. The commanding general directs that you make preparations to-morrow to set as large to work to-morrow night along your front as will throw up before daylight in the morning a line of pits that will perfectly protect our pickets in case firing is commenced. Captain Parsons, chief engineer of this corps, will assist you, and inform you of the strength of pits desired by the general commanding. The general commanding desires to see you at these headquarters to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. ABEL.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

