
to Stony Creek. The Cavalry at Belfield was understood to be W. H. F. Lee's division and part of Butler's division. These woman were at a house last night just outside of our lines, where they saw two cavalrymen on their way to join their regiment. These woman came from the vicinity of Belfield, and gone the above news.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 22, 1865-12 m. (Received 12,15 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The salute ordered by the Secretary of War is now being fired. I have just learned unofficially that General Miles, commanding Second Corps, yesterday advance and straightened his picket-line, driving away for this purpose part of the enemy's pickets. This may account for the report of deserters last evening that Heth's division was ordered to be ready to move at a moment's notice. Miles' movement has been construed into a threatened advance.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, February 22, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Major-General WEBB,

Information has been received here indicating the probability of an attempt to carry our center. Commanding officers had better be put on the qui vive; the cavalry directed to be ready to move at a moment's notice, to act as a dismounted force;l the field artillery not in lines distracted at convenient points, to be promptly moved; and all other measures taken to meet this contingency.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, February 22, 1865.

Major-General PARKE:

Intelligence just received from Fort Fisher announces the occupation of Fort Anderson by General Schofield's troops on Sunday morning.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Ord.)

CITY POINT, VA., February 22, 1865.

(Received 2,20 p. m.)

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

As there is a possibility of an attack from the enemy at any time, and especially an attempt to break your center, extra vigilance should be kept up both by the pickets and the troops on the line. Let commanders

