
that Hill is prepared to move. Since Lee's cavalry has moved up to Stony Creek I will require some of my infantry to support a cavalry reconnaissance. To meet the anticipated attack of Lee on my center all now available will be called upon in case of alarm. Still, the reconnaissance can be made, and if you desire it I will issue the necessary orders to-night.

J. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February 22, 1865-Midnight.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

We will see what the morning brings forth before ordering the reconnaissance. I did not care about going farther then just to ascertain if any movement was going on around our flank or if any troops were moving off toward the Weldon road. We may be able to learn this from deserters arriving during the night.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 22, 1865.

Brigadier General D. E. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant informing me that two batteries, H and K, Second Artillery, U. S. Army, now stationed at Fort McHenry, Md., will be recruited to their proper standard in a few days, and inquiring whether they are required in this army. In reply I have to state that the number of batteries now in the Army of the Potomac, with the two recently asked for for the Sixth Corps, will be sufficient for the service, but that men are wanted for many of them. I inclose herewith a copy* of a latter from Brevet Major-General Hunt, chief of artillery, to whom the subject-matter contained in your letter was referred.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOTE.- This letter was written by direction of Major-General Meade and for his signature. His departure for Philadelphia is the occasion of the signature of the temporary commander of the army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 36. City Point, Va., February 22, 1865.

* * * * *

V. Brigadier General R. Ingalls, chief quartermaster Armies Operating against Richmond, will cause two barges loaded with stone or sandbags to be sunk in the channel of the James River, under the direction of Commodore Radford, U. S. Navy.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

