HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 22, 1865-7.20 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you double the guards in the trenches on your right to-night, and to-morrow morning be on the alert to guard against a surprise. He also directs that you cause to be examined all deserters that come in your lines to-night at once, and telegraph the result.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,February 22, 1865.

To comply with the foregoing the major-general commanding the corps directs that division commanders hold their commanders in readiness to move at short notice; the trench guards furnished by the First Division be double until guard mounting to morrow morning; that at one hour before daybreak the troops be quietly turned out under arms., so to remain until one hour thereafter, and that reveille be beaten at the usual time. The corps officer of the day will instruct the pickets to be particularly on the alert, and will cause all deserters to be forwarded here as speedily as possible.

R. F. HALSTED,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 22, 1865. (Received 7.45 p. m.)

Major-General WEBB:

Your dispatch directing strengthening trench guards, &amp;c., is received. A deserter from Mahone's division states that Hill's entire corps has been under orders to move at a moment's notice since an hour before daylight this morning, and says the rumor is that they are to move toward Weldon. He thinks the above orders were given to Hill's corps only.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant at 7.45 p. m.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 22, 1865=-10.30 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB:

Seven deserters from the Eight North Carolina, Wilcox's division, have just come in and repeat the story that Hill's corps has been under marching orders since before daylight this morning. They further state that it was reported that Heth's division moved about 12 m. to-day in the direction of Weldon. Their division had not moved at dark, and Mahone's had not moved so far as they knew; but as it is camped

