
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV. SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. February 22, 1865.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 27, dated headquarters First Division, Sixth Army Corps, February 21, 1865, the regiments of this brigade are assigned to the following positions on the line of rifle-pits: Fourteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, from Fort Howard to the right of the swamp on right of brigade; Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, from the left of the swamp to the left of the camp of the Tenth New Jersey Volunteers; Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, from left of camp of the Tenth New Jersey Volunteers to the center of the Fourth New Jersey Volunteers; Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, from center of Fourth New Jersey Volunteers to Battery Numbers 26. Sentinels will be placed along the front of each regimental line, as designated above, at intervals of fifty yards. The remainder of the force sent from each regiment will be stationed near the breast-works which each regiment are to defend. Not more than one-third of the force thus posted will be allowed to sleep at one time. The force from each regiment will consist of one-tenth of the number of those present for duty, officers and men. This order to go into effect at retreat this evening. The Fourth New Jersey Volunteers will furnish 150 enlisted men, properly officered, to garrison Battery Numbers 26. The Tenth New Jersey Volunteers will furnish 150 enlist men, properly officered, to garrison Fort Howard. In the event of a movement they will immediately move into the forts.

By order of E. W. Davis, major in command of brigade:

C. R. PAUL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. February 22, 1865.

I. Brigader commanders will hold their commands in readiness to move at a moment's notice, the garrisons and pickets excepted.

II. Brigade commanders will hold their commands in readiness to move at a short notice. At one hour before daybreak to-morrow morning the troops will be quietly turned out under arms, so to remain until one hour therefore. Revile will be beaten at the usual time. The pickets will be instructed to be particularly on the alert. All deserters will be forwarded to corps headquarters as speedily as possible.

By command of Brigadier-General Seymour:

ANDREW J. SMITH,

Brevet Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 22, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Major-General PARKE:

General Meade will be absent for a few days. Will you please come to these headquarters?

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

41 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

