
contained therein with reference to the guards in the trenches. He directs also that the deserters coming in to-night be forwarded at once to corps headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 22, 1865.

General HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

Yesterday at 10 a. m. the enemy opened from Cemetery Hill with six mortars. Six shots were fired in return from Sedgwick. At 1.30 p. m. two guns in Battery 9 fired at a wood-work, and were replied to by the enemy's Coehorn mortars. The shell thrown by the enemy were of a new kind, being so cast and grooved on the inside as to cause them to burst into twelve different pieces. These pieces are of a diamond shape.

JNO. C. TIDBALL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 22, 1865-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have just received an application of Colonel Ould, recommended by Colonel Mulford, that a truce be had on that part of the river where the flag-of-truce boat Schultz was sunk, that the boat may be overhauled and that which is valuable about her appropriated, and to find out the cause of the accident. On account of facilities it will offer to rebels to come back to the flag I approve the application.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 22, 1865-11 a. m.

Major-General ORD,

Fort Monroe:

I have objection to a truce to ascertain the cause of the accident to the steamer Schultz, but I object to valuable machinery being gathered, when we can prevented, to used against us. It can never be used against to facilitate exchange of prisoners, and unless it is shown that the accident occurred from a torpedo put in the water by us there is no claim upon us for its recovery.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NARFOLD, February 22, 1865-4.30 p. m.

General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point:

About twelve deserters (rebels) arrive in these lines daily. Shall they be sent to City Point or to Old Point, take oath, and then go North?

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

