
also great activity on the Fredericksburg road. Many supplies have been collected on the Northern Neck, and many more are smuggled in from Philadelphia and other places and taken to Richmond over this road; 70,000 pounds of bacon alone have gone to Richmond the last week over that road. Cannot Augur sent a force to break that trade up? It is reported that all troops from the Valley, except those brought here, have gone to Lynchburg.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., February 22, 1865.

Colonel JAMES A HARDIE,

Inspector-General.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in pursuance to your instructions I visited the guards and pickets on the approaches from the Little River turnpike southeast to the Potomac, and found but eleven posts. I was promptly challenged on approaching each post, but they are so far distance from each that a large body of troops might be introduced within the lines without detection. I also found that no commissioned officer had visited any of the posts on this line during the night, up to time of my visit, between 11 p. m. and 1 a. m., except the post on the road leading to Accosting and Block-house Nos. 1 and 2. The last post visited was on the Mount Vernon road at 1.10 a. . I them visited the line immediately round this city, commencing at Hunting Creek bridge, and following to the line beyond its intersection with King street. I twice passed this line, mounted in the vesicate of Slough Barracks, without being challenged by the pickets, and I was informed that up the time of my visit, 2.30 a. m., no commissioned officer had visited this part of the line during the night. Lieutenant Stewart, of the Two hundred and first Pennsylvania, had charge of this portion of the line, and is permanently detailed for the purpose. In my opinion I could have taken last night ten mounted from Alexandria to beyond the defenses without being notice by the pickets.

Respectfully,

R. D. PETTIT,

Captain, Twelfth Veteran Reserve Corps.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,February 22, 1865.

Colonel PETTES,

Fiftieth N. Y. Engineers, near Navy-Yard, Washington,. D. C.:

Did Major Folowell start to-day with his train?

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., February 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

I shall go to Cumberland to-day to see how things are and make such changes as will prevent recurrence of rebel visits.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

