
only such officers as it is really desirable to retain in service would be retained. It would be a great help if this authority was given for retaining only such colonels as are commanding brigades. I would however, prefer seeing it extended to all colonels whose time expires before that of the regiment they command or when regiments are reduced below the number entitling them to a colonel. I would respectfully ask for an early answer to this, because in a few days some of our best brigade commanders will go out of service, if the authority here asked is not granted in time to save them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 23, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Richmond Examiner of to-day says:

We learned officially at a late hour last night that General J. E. Johnston was yesterday ordered by the Government to General Lee for duty. It is believed that General Johnston will be immediately appointed to command the army in front of Sherman.

Judging from the tone of the papers there seems to be a growing determination to put the negroes into the service.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

February 23, 1865-3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

I have positive and official information from Richmond to the effect that Lee is calling in all outlying detachment, bridge guards, and small posts, in order to strengthen his army for a grand effort. This effort is expected to be made within the next ten days, and is spoken of with confidence in intimate Government circles. No persons have been allowed to visit Richmond from the country around since about the 10th instant. If you wish any false information to be given to the rebel authorities. I have the means of conveying it so that it will be believed. It will take seven to ten days to reach them.

C. A. DANA.

CITY POINT, VA., February 23, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I have the here same information of the intentions and movements of the enemy contained in your dispatch of this evening. We are watching closely, and I do not entertain the slightest fear for the result. I know of no false information which could benefit us by having it communicated to the enemy just now.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

