HDQRS. 1ST DIV., FIFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 23, 1865.

Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: In your indorsement of the 18th instant, in reference to the Hatcher's Run affair, you say that the general commanding wishes a fuller report from me. "From the orders sent General Griffin, General Winthrop's brigade must have been under his direction part of the time." Will you oblige me with copies of the orders sent by the general commanding their date, and by whom delivered. You also state that an explanation has been asked from various sources why the troops formed facing west did not advance to assist those engaged in the direction of Dabney's Mills. Will you oblige my by giving the various sources referred to in your indorsement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 1, 1865.

General GRIFFIN:

The order referred to within was sent, I think verbally, by Colonel Locke during the engagement. He is not here now, but will give you the exact account of the order itself when he returns. He carried it himself, I believe, but the indorsement was made by my direction. All there was of the order, in my recollection, was for you to move one brigade out on the Vaugham road and take command of the troops there. I understood from conversation with you that you received this order. There was no other one in point that I remember. The various sources I made him allude to was of the nature of irresponsible talk around us which might take some definite shape hereafter, and had best be met by a statement of facts to be referred to then if necessary. I have heard you give the reason myself why you did not follow up, and that was on account of the dense woods and the newness of your troops, your old brigade being all on the road toward Dabeney's Mill. I would like to have you make a more full report, and meet the points the indorsement raised. If they are obnoxious to you in their official form I will withdraw them as such, and you can act upon them as merely personal hints, but do send up the full report.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 23, 1865. (Received 1.55 a. m.)

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Seven more deserters of the Eighteenth North Carolina in. Rumor on picket that Mahone's division had moved, but nothing certain. No tattoo beaten in camps of division. I advise that pickets of this corps advance in the morning.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

