HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, February 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General DEVIN,

Commanding Cavalry at Lovettsville, Va.:

The brevet major-general commanding directs that you march with your command via Harper's Ferry to this place, reporting your arrival at these headquarters. Break up your camp and commence your march early to-morrow a. m. Your transportation and ambulances except what is necessary for your march here, you will leave at Harper's Ferry. Give the necessary orders to the Twentieth Pennsylvania to march and join you on the route. Mount every man possible before marching. Give orders to the Twentieth Pennsylvania to leave their huts standing, as the Third Massachusetts Cavalry has been ordered to relieve them, and direct the commanding officer Twentieth Pennsylvania to turn over his instructions to the commanding officer third Massachusetts, who has been directed to follow them. Acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch and the hour, and telegraph for any further instructions you may wish.

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,February 23, 1865.

General T. C. DEVIN,

Commanding Cavalry, Lovettsville:

Telegraph for your regimental commanders and other officers at once. Do not allow the paymaster to delay you, but let him come here and he can pay on Sunday. If you get here Saturday night it will be in time. You had better camp at Harper's Ferry to-morrow night.

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOL. CAVALRY,Camp, New Creek, W. Va., February 23, 1865.

[Lieutenant W. L. McMASTERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report:

I left New Creek, in accordance with orders, at 7.30 a. m. on the morning of the 21st, in pursuit of the enemy who captured Generals Crook and Kelly. My force consisted of about 150 men. I marched rapidly and arrived near Moorefield about 3 p. m., and found the rebel force had passed near Moorefield at about 2 p. m., and being notified of my pursuit, took to the mountains. I followed them and attacked that portion which covered their retreat, and captured 3 men and 5 horses. At the same time I learned they had been re-enforce. Their number being superior to mine, and my horses much worn down, I gave up the pursuit, not knowing that I would be supported by any other force from New Creek. While at Moorefield, about 5 o'clock, the advance of Lieutenant Colonel Greenfield arrived, he coming up shortly after and assumed command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. TROXEL,

Major Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

