
recommended by the surgeon who has attended me from the beginning, I hope to recover entirely the use of my foot. General Cadwalader, commanding department, states to me that he needs a general officer to replace one lately relieved from a military commission. I would respectfully request that if possible the action of the lieutenant-general commanding may be immediately telegraphed to me. My address is care of Tyler &amp; Co., Philadelphia.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

PHILADELPHIA, January 7, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding;

GENERAL: I to-day saw Doctor Hewson, who is attending on General Robert O. Tyler. He told me he was very desirous that General Tyler should remain here for a few weeks longer to undergo an operation which he, the docto, believes will give him great relief. General Tyler's condition is such that he has been reported fit to travel, and will, therefore, have to leave unless he can be placed on some light duty or granted an extension of his leave. I understand he will probably apply to you to order him here for light duty, and I have written this note to give you my opinion that his case is a meritorious one, and that I think he should be permitted to remain here for the purpose mentioned. Doctor Hewson is a private physician, and his certificate will not cover General Tyler's remaining. The post surgeon, Doctor Neill, reports him albe to travel, but as the operation proposed is to be executed by another, he is not called upon the refer to it in his report and certificate.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, January 8, 1865-10 a.m.

(Received 4.50 p.m.)

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

Your letter of the 4th just received. Your request will be attended to.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 8, 1865-10.30 a.m.

(Received 4.45 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

General Orders, Numbers 1, from the Adjutant-General's Office, together with Special Orders, Numbers 5, headquarters Armies of the United States, of date January 7, 1865, have been delivered to General Butler, and he may be regarded as relieved from duty from this date.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

