HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 24, 1865-7.20 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding desires you to determine as soon as possible from deserters whether or not rations were issued to -night to the rebels. The last issue is understood to have been the day before yesterday, and for two days only. Telegraph here as soon as determined.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Potter, Ninth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,February 24, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Major-General WEBB:

Deserters have uniformly stated that of late they have been rationed for two days at a time, never for longer, but that formerly they were sometimes given but one day's ration at the issue, and that the practice is the same in camp as on the march. The next that come in will be specially examined on this point.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,February 24, 1865. (Received 11 p. m.)

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Two squads of deserters, twenty in all, just in from Wilcox's division. A careful examination shows that two day's rations were last issued, and that is the ordinary issue. All agree stating that no troops have moved from this part of the line, and none of them have seen any artillery moving. Two of them state, however, that guns have been moved within a week, but how much or where they do not know. Battery 35, near the Squirrel Level road, had but two pieces remaining to day, where there were about a dozen a week ago, and it was the same with Fort Gregg, which is the next work to their right. Another states that the drivers of a battery in Lane's brigade stationed on the line west of Fort Gregg, had been sent for their horses, in order to be ready to remove their guns. They repeat the story of the packing up ready to remove their guns. They repeat the story of the packing up of property in Petersburg, preparatory to its removal or destruction.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 24, 1865. (Received 12 midnight.)

Major-General WEBB:

Copy of Potter's dispatch received.* Deserters, all old soldiers who have served through most of the war, agree in their statement that

---------------

*See Potter to Webb, beginning-"Deserters report in regard to rations," p. 677.

---------------

