
but two day's rations are issued habitually, save on the march; some say that three day's have sometimes been issued, but most of them deny any knowledge os such a instance. They can, therefore, move without more rations, since they have done it often. I don't credit the massing of troops on their right, unless the move has taken place since dark. Deserters say that they were expecting such a move at one time, in the belief that we were moving in same direction. Heth's division has marching orders and keep their provisions cooked, while Mahone's and Wilcox's are required simply to hold themselves in readiness. This, so far so I can learn, is the order of the two or three days ago, not yet countermanded.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 28. February 24, 1865.

1. The regiments of the respective brigades of this division selected at the inspection of Sunday, the 19th instant, as presenting the best military appearance and reflecting the greatest credit upon their respective commanders, are announced for the information of the division: Davis; Second Brigade-One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel E. Olcott; Third Brigade-Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Colonel I. C. Bassett.

* * * *

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Penrose:

GEO. CLENDENIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,

February 24, 1865.

Brigade commanders will have their commands paraded at 2 o'clock this afternoon in the line of works intended to be occupied by them in case of attack by the enemy. The garrisons of the forts and inclosed works will be stationed at that hour in them. The whole command will remain until relieved by further orders from these headquarters.

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Penrose, commanding division:

GEO. CLENDENIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff Army of the Potomac:

A movement of the enemy's wagons was heard during the night between the Norfolk railroad and the plank road. Deserters report movement of artillery. All quiet in our lines.

ROBT. B. POTTER,

Brevet Major-General.

