
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point:

No commander for the Department of West Virginia has yet been appointed. Hartsuff, in my opinion, is not fit for anything. I will suggest to you a commander some time to-day or to-morrow. Schofield's nomination will be made, as requested, subject, however, to his obedient to orders. i am not satisfied with his conduct n seizing the hospital boat Spaulding., to make it his own quarters. I have directed him to give it up. If he obeys the order promptly I will send in his nomination, otherwise I will not. I wish you would instruct him as to the impropriety of an officer using hospital boats for their own personal accommodation, or using or employing transports for their quarters at a vast expense to the Government. There has been too much of such practice already, and he takes rather an early start in such irregularities.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, February 25, 1865- 2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Do you feel entirely secure against the rebel rams at Richnond, and satisfied with the naval commander there, or would you prefer to have Farragut? There appears to be nothing else of importance for him.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., February 25, 1865-3.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I am very much pleased with the interest Commodore Radford seems to take in his duties and the way he talks. Admiral Farragut can tell better than I now he will do when danger comes. The probabilities of an attack from the rebel navy on the first rise in the river is anticipated, and every preparation made to receive it. I have not the slightest apprehension about the result and rather desire it. We are far differently prepared now, both on land and water, from what we were the last time the rebel iron-clads came down. I think we must very soon use either Admiral Farragut or Porter in capturing Galveston. It will be but a very short time, I hope, before we will be able to spare the troops for this purpose from here or from Cape Fear River.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 25, 1865.

Commodore RADFORD,

Commanding James River Squadron, Jones' Landing, Va.:

I think it not impossible that the enemy may send their rams down to-night or during present high water. I have directed vigilance on the part of pickets, to notice and report any such movement.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

