
when their commands are afloat or in transit by water. Any officer violating this order will be liable to summary dismissal from the service. It is made the special duty of officers of the inspector-general's department to report to these headquarters any and all violations of this order, and a failure to do so will subject them to summary dismissal from the service.

II. Bvt. Brigadier General C. B. Comstock, aide-de-camp, will proceed to Washington, D. C., on public business. upon the execution of the same he will rejoin these headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 93. Washington, February 25, 1865.

Lieutenant col. J. B. Howard, chief quartermaster Twenty-fourth Army Corps, is hereby relieved from duty as a member of the board for the examination of officers of the Quartermaster's Department for

the district comprising the Departments of Missouri, Kansas, Northern, and Northwest, convened by Special Orders, Numbers 317, September 23, 1864, from this office, and will report, in person without delay to the commanding general Department of Virginia for duty.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 25, 1865.

Major JOHN D. WILKINS,

Commanding Third U. S. Infantry:

The commanding general directs that you proceed with the Third Infantry to these headquarters, and report in person for further orders. Apply to superintendent of railroad, who has orders for your transportation.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 25, 1865.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

We have received one commissioned officer and seventy-four men. They represent Bushrod Johnson's division, Mahone's Wilcox's. Our last news was from Mahone's, up to 10 this a. m., from camp. Also one man from Simms' brigade, who swam the Appomattox on Ninth Corps front. No movement of troops reported up to last date. Telegraph for Babcock to come on. He is now on his way to New Bedford, where his address will be after the 1st of March, care of Dr. H. V. B. Clarke, New Bedford, Mass.

PH. SCHUYLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

44 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

