HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 25, 1865.

Bvt. Major General N. A. MILLES, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the corps directs you to send out trusty scouting parties, commencing early to-morrow morning, to ascertain, if possible, if any changes have been made by the enemy

or are going, and to enjoin on your pickets especial care in reporting immediately any changes or indications of changes which they may observe going on on the part of the enemy. Deserters from the enemy will be sent to these headquarters with the least possible delay. Generals Smyth and De Trobriand have also been instructed to send out scouting parties, commencing early to-morrow morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General SMYTH, Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the corps wishes you to have an especial watch kept upon the enemy's works in view from the R. Armstrong house, to detect any movement or change that may be made; and if it is possible to send out scouting parties from your left for the same purpose to do so, commencing to-morrow morning. Generals Miles, commanding First Division, and De Trobriand, commanding Third Division, have been instructed to send out scouting parties also. You will also please enjoin especial care on your pickets as to reporting immediately any indications of changes which they may observe going on on the part of the enemy. Deserters from the enemy will be sent with the least possible delay to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 25, 1865.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I respectfully report all quiet i front of this corps during the past twenty-four hours. Five deserter came in yesterday.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 25, 1865-3 p. m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

Have you had any deserters to-day? If so, what reports do they bring in about movement of troops, &amp;c.? Please have deserters examined as soon as possible after entering your lines, and transmit reports by telegraph.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

