HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 25, 1865-10.15 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB:

Five deserters from Ninth Florida, Mahone's division, have just come in. Had heard from camp about dark, when no movement had taken place; had heard that heavy guns on our left had been taken away, but knew nothing about it. The sergeant, an intelligent man, says their picket is the same; no stronger than usual; and that yesterday when he was in Petersburg they were moving cotton and tobacco in direction of depot.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

February 25, 1865.

All information confirms the rumor of the enemy's intention to evacuate Petersburg, and it is of the utmost importance that the earliest information of such a movement be obtained and forwarded to these headquarters. The corps officer of the day will at once organize patrols or scouting parties of trustworthy men, to be kept constantly moving in front of our vedette line and as near the lines of the enemy as practicable with orders to send in promptly any information they may gain; and all deserters will be sent, with the least practicable delay, to these headquarters. As any movement on the enemy's part is at once to be followed up, the entire corps, without striking tents, will be held ready to move in pursuit at a moment's warning. The major-general commanding deems the utmost vigilance on the part of the pickets, and readiness on the part of the whole command to move promptly, as of the first importance, and trusts that the corps will not be behind the others in the army in these particulars.

By command of Major-General Wright:

R. F. HALSTED,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 25, 1865-2.05 p. m.

Major-General POTTER,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

At what hour did the last deserters enter your lines and what reports do they bring in relation to the evacuation of Petersburg or movements of enemy's troops? Do you observe any change in the enemy's lines? Please answer as soon as possible. Have every deserter examined as soon as he can be, and have the report transmitted by telegraph.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

February 25, 1865. (Received 3.05 p. m.)

Major General JOHN G. PARKE, Army of the Potomac:

The last deserters came in between 4 an 5 this morning and knew of nothing not heretofore reported; whole number forty-five. All

