
FEBRUARY 25, 1865.

General KAUTZ:

General Early is reported as having moved down the Nine-Mile road yesterday. This move is suspected to be in co-operation with a move of the rebel rams down the river, and in the event of the latter coming down an attack is expected. Be on the alert.

JNO. W. TURNER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Washington, D. C., February 25, 1865-1.15 p.m.

General PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General, City Point:

A good many rebel deserters coming here bring with them receipts from your quartermaster for arms brought in by them, and claim that they were promised pay for them on arriving here. I have no knowledge of any such arrangement, and so far as I know it is not covered by any order. Will you please advise me concerning it.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,February 25, 1865-2.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I could not get off to-day, as I expected in a previous dispatch to you, but will be off on Monday. I was delayed in getting the brigade from Loudoun County and the canvas pontoon bridge, which was necessary for me to have, as all the streams in the country are at present unfordable. Where is Sherman marching for? Can you give me any definite information as to the points he may be expected to move on this side of Charlotte? The cavalry officers say the cavalry never was in such good condition. I will leave behind about 2,000 men, which will increase to 3,000 in a short time.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., February 25, 1865-7.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.:

General Sherman's movements will depend on the amount of opposition he meets with from the enemy. If strongly opposed he may possibly have to fall back to Georgetown, S. C., and fit out for a new start. I think, however, all danger of the necessity for going to that point has passed. I believe he has passed Charlotte. He may take Fayetteville on his way to Goldsborough. If you reach Lynchburg you will have to be guided in your after movements by the information you obtain. Before you could possibly reach Sherman I think you would find him moving from Goldsborough toward Raleigh, or engaging the enemy strongly posted at one or the other of these places, with railroad communication opened from his army to Wilmington or New Berne.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

