
CITY POINT, VA., February 26, 1865-6.30 p.m.

(Received 8 p.m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Two thousand cavalry, and that to be increased to 3,000, besides all his gallantry, is what Sheridan means. His movement is in the direction of the enemy, and the tendency will be to protect the Baltimore and Ohio road and to prevent any attempt to invade Maryland and Pennsylvania.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 26, 1865-1.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I propose to assign General Hancock temporarily to the command of the Department of West Virginia, and in General Sheridan's absence to command the division, provided you approve.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 26, 1865-3 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

General Augur, by direction of General Sheridan, is fitting out a cavalry expedition against the Rappahannock peninsula. To do this requires most of his cavalry, and General Sheridan has withdrawn his from the line of the Potomac. The Secretary of War thinks this will leave Alexandria and the Maryland line too much exposed to rebel raids. I have, therefore, directed General Augur to wait till I could hear from you as to the necessity of the Rappahannock expedition. Major-General Hancock has been assigned to the temporary command of West Virginia and the troops of the Middle Military Division not with General Sheridan in the field. He will still attend to his recruiting.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., February 26, 1865-7 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

I approve of the assignment of Hancock to Sheridan's command during his absence. If Crocker can be reached he will make a fine officer to take Crook's place, unless it is decided to retain Hancock; in that event he could take Kelley's with advantage. I can send troops from here to break up traffic on the peninsula. Augur need not send out.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

