
CITY POINT, February 26, 1865.

(Received 10.15 a.m.)

Major-General PARKE:

Assign Brevet Brigadier-General McKibbin to the command of a brigade in General Potter's division with his brevet rank. Please send me the initials of McKibbin's name, so that I may telegraph to have him assigned to duty with his brevet rank by the President.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FEBRUARY 26, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Our scouts brought in a verbal message last night from Richmond to the effect that Early's force was encamped on the Nine-Mile road. Upon carefully examining the men we find that this information was obtained from a lieutenant in the Fifth Virginia Cavalry. This regiment is a part of Payne's brigade, formerly Lomax's, of Wickman's command, and was with Early in the Valley. Of the arrival of that brigade we have previously given information, as well as the arrival of another brigade of Wickman's command, and we are unable to say that there is any indication of any of the infantry forces of Early having recently come through Richmond or having encamped on the Nine-Mile road. The following is all that occurs in reference to it in our written dispatch: "Fitz Lee's cavalry on the Nine-Mile road." The following is also went in writing by our friends in Richmond:

Longstreet's whole corps ordered to be ready to march. Conversation overheard between some of Longstreet's officers, who said the men would have to go by railroad south. Richmond not undermined. We hear that we are fortifying at Amelia Court-House. We are moving guns and ammunition from here to Danville and Lynchburg. Reports of A. P. Hill's corps going to North Carolina. We are moving the medical purveyor's office to Lynchburg or Danville. General Lee has ordered tobacco and cotton to be moved from Petersburg. It is being taken to Lynchburg. Corse's brigade moves at dark to-night, Friday, to our south side, to go in Pickett's line, we think on Howlett's farm.

Our friends tell us that there is am entire prohibition of all news to such an extent that the people are not allowed even to talk upon the streets about what is happening in North Carolina. The three companies of cavalry, heretofore reported as about to be sent to scout in rear of our lines west of the Chickahominy, have arrived. Some of them were last night at Eppes' house, about two miles from the Chickahominy, and are expected to-day to scout toward Haxall's Landing and toward the river south of Harrison's.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 97. Washington, February 26, 1865.

1. Major General W. S. Hancock, U. S. Volunteers is, by direction of the President, assigned to the command of the Department of West Virginia temporarily of all the troops of the Middle Military Division not under the immediate command of Major-General Sheridan, U. S. Army, in the field. Commanders of departments in the Middle Military Division will govern themselves accordingly.

