
CITY POINT, VA., January 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General GRAHAM,

Commanding Flotilla:

Order an officer and thirty-five men to report to General Abbot, without delay, to take charge of two launches.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., January 8, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

GENERAL: As soon as you can get under way with the troops and train heretofore directed to be put on shipboard proceed to Beaufort, N. C., and report to Bvt. Major General A. H. Terry for further orders. If, on arrival at Beaufort you find General Terry has left there, you will proceed to where he has been directed, off New Inlet to Cape Fear River, N. C. If you learn before arrival at Beaufort that General Terry has sailed from there it will not be necessary for to you to put into that port, but you will proceed immediately to report to him wherever he may be. All further orders and directions you will receive from Major-General Terry, commanding expedition against Fort Fisher.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WILSON'S WHARF, January 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the James:

Four rebel deserters came into this post this morning. They left Richmond last night and report that about 15,000 Virginia troops were sent to South Carolina last Sunday.

J. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

WINCHESTER, January 8, 1865-1 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Grover's division left Stephenson's Depot at 12 noon on the 6th, and arrived in Baltimore that night. I sent the troops on a dispatch from the Secretary of War that the transports would be in Baltimore. General Grover on his arrival in Baltimore telegraphed that he had to go into camp, as transportation was not on hand and would not be until this evening, January 8. This gives the bounty brokers a chance to work on the men, and I am afraid will cause desertions.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

