
FEBRUARY 27, 1865-10.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

Deserters from the enemy report that orders have been issued at Richmond to pack all cotton and tobacco ready to apply the torch.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., February 27, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Wilson's Wharf:

Please send out a party of men to try and find Captain Mason, who left Harrison's Landing yesterday with a body of cavalry to scout toward the Chickahominy, and communicate to him the following message:

A number of the enemy's scouts are at Jones' Bridge. A party of our prisoners escaped from Richmond on Friday and Saturday nights and were closely pursued by the enemy. The impression among the people of Charles City Court-House is that our men are concealed on the other side of the Chickahominy, near the Forge.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WILSON'S WHARF, VA., February 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the James:

I have received information from a reliable source to the effect that Mosby's men are expected in New Kent County this week.

J. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

CHERRYSTONE, VA., February 27, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Norfolk:

I have scouting squads in every direction, and have been in the saddle all night, but can find no guerrillas. I do not believe that any are here. I have no boat, and cannot communicate with Hog Island, on which there is a Government light-house. I sent my only boat with a guard of ten men to Hog Island on Saturday, and have not heard from it since. I have no re-enforcements. I have received thirty mounted men from Salisbury. Please send 2,000 rounds Starr carbine cartridges and 2,000 rounds Enfield, caliber of both .54.

FRANK J. WHITE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Eastern Shore of Virginia.

WILLIAMSBURG, February 27, 1865.

General TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Army of the James:

A woman who left Richmond Friday gives the information that Beauregard was concentrating troops at Charlotte, and that Lee was sending forces from his line to him.

B. C. LUDLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

