
instructed to be prepared to take care of 15,000 paroled prisoners this week. Can I not have a force of 300 more enlisted men, with necessary officers, at least temporarily?

F. D. SEWALL,

Colonel Third Regiment, Veteran Reserve Corps, Commanding District.

HALIPAX, N. S., February 27, 1865.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

Information has reached me from sources believed to the reliable that four iron-clads are on their way from French and English ports to attack New York City, and that five blockade-running steamers, to be converted into privateers, armed with two guns each, are to co-operate with them. Privateers under command of Captain Maffitt.

M. M. JACKSON,

Consul.

WASHINGTON, February 28, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

If Lieutenant Foote, son of Senator Foote, who recently came from Johnson's Island, has not been exchanged, please detain him, so that his sister, Mrs. Stewart, wife of the Senator of Nevada, may have an interview with him. His name is said to appear by mistake on the rolls as Lieutenant Falls.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., February 28, 1865-11.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I do not know that there is any objection to General Hancock having his headquarters at Martinsburg, but nothing should be brought away from Winchester, except in case of necessity, until it is known that Sheridan will not return. The probabilities are decidedly in favor of Sheridan's returning to Winchester with his command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 29. Washington, February 28, 1865.

The following acts and joint resolution of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

* * * *

II. [PUBLIC-No. 36.]

AN ACT to prevent officers of the Army and Navy, and other engaged in the military and naval service of the United States, from interfering in election in the States.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representation of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall not be lawful for any military or naval officer of the United States, or other person engaged in the civil, military, or naval service of the

