
road, to the present location of the depot. If any changes are to be made I respectfully ask that the brigade of the Second Corps, now occupying ground that was assigned to the First Division, may be directed to move its camp, as the ground now occupied by it will be required for the use of the division.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 28, 1865.

Colonel RICHARDSON:

DEAR SIR: I have read your communication of February 18, and shown it to General Meade. The main objection to keeping your plan a secret is that you require to select your men and drill them beforehand, and that will certainly arouse discussion and put the enemy on his guard. Without this preparation, if the assaulting column could be made up with requisite secrecy, the time may come when it will be desirable to make the attempt.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 28, 1865-1.30 a.m. (Received 1.50 a.m.)

General WEBB:

Two deserters just in from Thirty-eighth North Carolina, Scales' brigade, examined separately, and agree mainly in following: No movements among the troops on this side the Appomattox except Seventh North Carolina, formerly reported. Rodes' division, formerly on other side, moved some days ago to a point on South Side Railroad, from six to ten miles from Petersburg. Was there on Sunday, but the distance from Petersburg somewhat uncertain. Had heard of removal of stores from Petersburg, also of artillery from their left, which is about half a mile east of Weldon railroad. Both state that rebels are throwing up a line from Burgess' Mill, on Boydton plank road, to the lines near Drewry's Bluff, leaving out Petersburg entirely, and say that they have seen men who have been at work on the line between those points. Two others from Forty-seventh North Carolina, Heth's division, say that no troops have left unless it be the Seventh North Carolina, referred to above. Think no artillery has been moved from the lines in vicinity of their camps. Could give no further information.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,February 28, 1865. (Received 10.45 a.m.)

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB:

Nothing of importance has occurred within my lines during past twenty-four hours. One lieutenant and fifteen men came in from enemy.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

