HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Batchelder's Creek, N. C., January 8, 1865-11 a.m.

Captain PARKINSON:

Five rebel cavalry deserters, with their horses, came within my lines this a.m. General Hoke, Confederate Army is concentrating his forces at Kinston, N. C.: Colonel Whitford's forces are there; and from the change and disposition of their pickets I partially suspect some reprisals on their part. Will forward deserters in the a.m.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

(Copy to Captain Judson.)

CITY POINT, VA., January 9, 1865-2.30 p.m.

(Received 3.50 p.m.)

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

I cannot leave here at this time. I must be here to take advantage of any great reduction of the enemy's forces.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 9, 1865-8.30 p.m.

(Received 9.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.,

The subject of forage is growing into a serious matter. For the lasts week animals have been on half rations, and at that no supplies are accumulated. Forage is issued as it arrives, and at no time for the last five days has there been two days' supply ahead. The quartermaster here has represented this matter fully, and urged the necessity of getting forward supplies in time to have avoided this state of affairs. I am inclined to believe Colonel Brown entirely incompetent for his responsible position. I wish you would call the attention of the Assistant Quartermaster-General to this matter, and require him to see that a full supply of grain and hay is immediately forwarded, and that it is hereafter kept up.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., January 9, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Were orders sent to General Thomas to send Schofield's corps to Annapolis as soon as Hood was known to have gone south of Corinth? When started it would be advisable to have the troops transported on boats, if navigation is not closed, to Wheeling and Parkersburg, one-half to come over the Baltimore and Ohio road, the other over the Pennsylvania Central.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

