
$700 a barrel; buckwheat is $60 per bushel; and gold has reached fifty for one. Kershaw's division was moved during the night through Richmond in order to conceal the movement-from the people, but our folks now say that they are wide awake, and cannot be cheated any longer. They promise us continually abundant information whenever there is no snow on the ground. It was reported toward the last of the there is no snow on the ground. It was reported toward the last of the week that Pickett's division was moved on the north side of the river. This turns out to be that one brigade was taken from it, from between the Appomattox and the James, and put in position on the north side to strengthen the lines there weakened by the withdrawal of Kershaw. There is nothing known from Breckinridge, and nothing from Early, who is believed to be at Staunton. Our agent who lives within the fortifications just where the Nine-Mile road enters the city sends word in writing:

The lines are very thin from the Nine-Mile road to the Williamsburg road, and the force on the north side generally weak. Complaint is made by the officers and owners of the Danville road of the way in which it is being traveled day and night to meet the wants of the city and troops.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 7. City Point, Va., January 9, 1865

* * * * *

2. All embalming surgeons having been excluded from the lines of the armies operating against Richmond, the friends and relatives of officers and soldiers are hereby notified that hereafter the bodies of officers and soldiers who die in general or base hospitals can be embalmed without charge upon making personal application to the chief medical officer of hospitals.

Applications for the embalming of officers and soldiers who die at division hospitals at the front or on the field of battle must be made to the medical director of the corps to which such officers or soldiers belonged.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 13. Washington, January 9, 1865.

* * * * *

31. Brigadier General R. O. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person, without delay to the commanding general Department of Pennsylvania, for duty.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

