
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd ultimo relative to the confirmation of Colonel Fred. Winthrop, Fifth New York Volunteers, as brevet brigadier-general, U. S. Volunteers, and to inform you in response that this officer was confirmed on the 20th ultimo. His commission will be forwarded to him as soon as signed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. CHALFIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 1, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 244, War Department, series 1863, I have the honor to report the following-named officers as composing my staff, and on duty with me as such during the past month:

Brigadier General John A. Rawlins, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel T. S. Bowers, assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Brigadier General C. B. Comstock, aide-de-camp, on special service with General A. H. Terry; Lieutenant Colonel O. E. Babcock, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel Horace Porter, aide-de-camp, on inspection duty in the Department of Virginia; Lieutenant Colonel F. T. Dent, aide-de-camp; Brigadier General S. Williams, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel Adam Badeau, military secretary; Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Parker, military secretary; Captain George K. Leet, assistant adjutant-general, in charge of Washington office; Captain P. T. Hudson, aide-de-camp; Captain H. C. Robinett, aide-de-camp; Captain Robert T. Lincoln, assistant adjutant-general, assigned to duty per Special Orders, Numbers 37, headquarters Armies of the United States, February 23, 1865; Lieutenant William McK. Dunn, jr., aide-de-camp; Lieutenant D. E. Porter, aide-de-camp; Captain Amos Webster, assistant quartermaster.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 1, 1865-11 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Thirty deserters have been examined to-day. The only material information is that on the 27th ultimo six guns were seen on the cars of the South Side Railroad, marked Danville, and 300 hogsheads of tobacco piled in one street, which informant understood was to be destroyed. No change in position of troops or movements reported.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

