
With the foregoing explanation of my motives and course in this matter, I leave any further action to the judgment of the lieutenant-general commanding.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 102. Washington, March 1, 1865.

* * * * * *

3. Lieutenant Colonel J. Ford Kent, assistant inspector-general, Sixth Army Corps, is hereby relieved from duty as such in the Army of the Potomac, and assigned to duty as assistant inspector-general of the Twenty-second Army Corps, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel. He will report in person without delay accordingly.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 43. City Point, Va., March 1, 1865.

I. Bvt. Colonel M. R. Morgan, U. S. Army, chief commissary Armies operating against Richmond, is, by authority of the Secretary of War, assigned to duty with his brevet rank.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] ARTILLERY HDQRS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 1, 1865.

The proportion of ammunition for the horse artillery will be as follows: Rifled guns-thirty shell, fifteen shrapnel, five canister; Napoleons-twelve shot, six shell, six shrapnel, eight canister for each chest. For the rifled guns, ammuniton, must be uniform-that is, shells or shrapnel of different systems will not be alowed. Schenkl ammunition is recommended, as the use of Hotchkiss is objected to by other troops, on account of the stripping of the lead band, which endangers skirmishers and other troops in front of the artillery. You will hereafter in drawing ammunition keep the proportions named in view. Solid shot is much more and shrapnel much less valuable than is generally supposed, and the large porpoertion of hollow shot used has been unfavorable both to the usefulness and reputation of the artillery.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Artillery.

