HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, March 1, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB:

Nothing of importance has occurred within my lines during past twenty-four hours. Twelve deserters from the enemy, four having arms.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, March 1, 1865-10.45 p. m.

(Received 11.25 p. m.)

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Deserters just in report as follows. Lee gone south with Rodes' and Gordon's divisions, leaving Johnston in command, orders signed by latter having been published. No other troops moved. One, a sergeant, was in Petersburg day before yesterday and saw six trains leave by South Side road, loaded with cotton and tobacco. Were hauling such property toward depot. No artillery is known to have been moved from the lines in vicinity of their camp. They repeat the story of a new line which is now said to run from Drewry's Bluff to some point on Roanoke River. Negroes employed on this lline. This a camp rumor not traceable to any reliable source. Artillery horses are said to be in very bad condition; hardly able to draw the pieces. The shooting heard last night was done by order in their brigade, as stated by the sergeant, who says he received the order for the men to cheer when the bands struck up. Reason not given. Could not have been in consequence of news received, or he should have heard ot it. Says the only news from North Carolina is a report that Sherman, instead of marching on Charlotte, is moving on Fayetteville, and that Schofield was moving up the Cape Fear River with troops and transports, to form junction at that place. This report was brought by a man just returned to their army from North Carolina, who must have left about three days ago. The sergeant belongs to the Eleventh North Carolina, and is worth examining.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 1, 1865-11.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The above, just received, is sent for your information.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 1, 1865.

(Received 10.40 a. m.)

Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Twelve deserters from Wallace's brigade came in last night. They bring no news.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

