HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 1, 1865-10.45 p. m.

Major-General WEBB:

Nothing new to report along our lines. Some deserters came in on Potter's front, but number not yet reported. I understand they make no report of movements in their lines.

JNO. G. PARKE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There are at least 150 good mechanics in the armory at Springfield, Mass., and in the various worships in the manufacturing towns there, that desire to enlist in the engineers or pontoon command of this army, provided they can be assured of being retained in those branches of the service. We have request applications for such service, and need these men sadly. Can authority be granted to raise one or two companies for this duty with this army? One of the companies of pontoniers here is heavy artillery. The men applied for could be also an independent company, heavy artillery or pontoniers.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

MARCH 1, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS:

Fourteen deserters from the enemy since my last report.

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,Varina, Va., March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Virginia:

COLONEL: I respectfully request that an order may be issued by the proper authority relieving Companies A, B, C, and D of this regiment from duty in the Department of the South, and assigning them to duty in this department, thus enabling the regiment to take the field, if ordered, with full strength. The regiment numbers, say, 1,170 men, of whom eight maximum companies (800 men) and fifty men assigned to Companies A, B, C, and D are now serving in this department. Of the remaining 320 men of those companies, a large number, say 100, are now prisoners of war, and on exchange could more readily report to Virginia than Florida. The regiment is well armed with Spencer carbines and sabers, well officered, and composed of good material, and has two years to serve. I earnestly request that it may be placed in a position to do service as a regiment. Having in a private interview with Lieutenant-General Grant received encouragement that this could shortly be effected, I respectfully request permission to present this application in person at headquarters of the Armies operating against Richmond.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS WASHBURN,

Colonel Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry.

