
BALTIMORE, MD., March 1, 1865.

Colonel F. C. NEWHALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Middle Military Div., Minchester, Va.:

General Orders, Numbers 27, by telegram, received. Does the general commanding intend that this order shall change existing regulations affecting passes granted from Baltimore and Annapolis to points on the Eastern Shore, Point Lookout, Fort Monroe, Norfolk, and City Point? The system in force is in accordance with arrangement made with commanding officers at those points and with orders of Lieutenant-General Grant and the Secretary of War. The daily business is large, is well organized and, it is believed, very carefully administered. It is thought that the order of General Hancock had reference especially to the line within this department on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and Potomac River as far as the Point of Rocks, which is the present limit, and to General Tyler, who commands said district. The order will be given at once.

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

BALTIMORE, MD., March 1, 1865.

Brigadier General E. B. TYLER,

Commanding Officer, Relay House, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

Orders from headquarters Middle Military Division require that no citizen be permitted to pass the lines of your district without a pass countersigned by the major-general commanding the Middle Military Division. You will see that it is strictly obeyed. This order referred to is not very clear, but has reference undoubtedly to persons passing into and out of the lines adjoining the territory held by the enemy. Therefore interior travelers, viz, those going by rail to Harper's Ferry, need not be stopped. They will be dealt with there, of course.

By command of Brevet Brigadier-General Morris:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

You have not sent contents of Richmond papers for Tuesday or Wednesday. Did you not receive them? If not, does it indicate anything?

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., March 2, 1865-1 p. m.

President A. LINCOLN,

Washington:

Richmond papers are received daily. No bulletin was sent Tuesday or Wednesday because there was not an item of good or bad news in them. There is every indication that Sherman is perfectly safe. I am looking every day for direct news from him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

