
Raleigh Confederate, February 27:

Mr. J. M. Leach, of North Carolina, introduced a joint resolution in the rebel House of Representatives, approving the appointment of General Lee as general-in-chief and recommending that he be vested with power to treat for peace. Referred to committee on military affairs.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy to Major General George G. Meade.)

CITY POINT, VA., March 2, 1865-9 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Has General Crocker been ordered in from New Mexico? If he has not please order him in at once. He would be invaluable in command of West Virginia. An active traveling general is wanted who would visit all his posts in the department. I think it will be advisable to order General Carroll to report to General Hancock for the temporary command of that department.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 2, 1865.

(Received 10.10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Comstock and Lieutenant Colonel O. E. Babcock were, at the dates of their appointments as aides-de-camp, assistant inspectors-general, with the rank of lieutenant-colonels, and as much I am informed are announced in the Army Register for 1864, instead of aides-de-camp on my staff. Will you please have this corrected in the Army Register, if it is not too late, and if necessary to enable you to do so, have an order issued relieving them from duty in the Inspector-General's Department, to date from the date of their appointments as aides-de-camp.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 2, 1865-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A critical examination of the deserters reported last night by General Wright goes to show that the statement made by the sergeant Eleventh North Carolina amounts only to the fact that Rodes' division left its camp north of the Appomattox prior to the 26th ultimo, and on that day the sergeant was in the old camp and saw some stragglers who said the division had gone to North Carolina. On the 26th we received positive information that Rodes was encamped at Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad. No deserter has been received from Rodes since the 26th, nor has any positive information in connection with that division, or that of Gordon's, been received since that date, and from all I can learn the there divisions may have been sent away. That fact is as yet only based on camp rumors founded on their known change of position to Sutherland's Station. Thirty deserters are reported as coming in our lines, and received by provost-marshal-general, for the twenty-

