
CITY POINT, March 2, 1865.

(Received 3.20 p. m.)

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES:

Colonel Tarbell, with his regiment (Ninety-first New York Volunteers), 1,600 strong, has just reported here. What orders for it? Please reply immediately.

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 2, 1865-4.05 p. m.

Brigadier General M. R. PATRICK,Provost-Marshal-General, City Point, Va.:

The Ninety-first New York Volunteers will be sent to report to commanding officer Fifth Corps-General Warren.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 2, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

One of my people left Richmond yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock. Up to that time there was no bulletin on the boards of the daily newspapers, at the War Office, or elsewhere, announcing any defeat of Sherman, or that anything had been done to impede his progress. No personal disaster to General Sherman was rumored. Our agent rode a part of the way between the interior and exterior lines of defense of the city with the officer of the day, who was on the rounds visiting the posts, and no claim was made by such officer that their was any information in the hands of the military authorities at all encouraging. No movement of troops whatever had taken place. Anderson's foundry, known as the Tredegar Iron-Works, has been indefinitely closed. Besides the branches of this establishment, which have from time to time been given up, 1,500 hands have been continued there at work until the end of last week, when this, the whole number, was discharged. The hands were told that the owners no longer had sufficient funds to carry on the work. On Saturday a large shaft and other machinery was removed from the works to the canal, and it was understood that the machinery of the establishment was going up the canal. On Sunday, also, a canal-boat in the basin was moored alongside of the wharf in front of the arsenal, and men were engaged in taking on board bomb-shells which had not been filled, other fixed ammunition in an incomplete state, and a large quantity of cartridge paper. Our agent counted fifty pontoons in the basin, and he learned that ten had gone up the canal. Our friends send us word that on Sunday a meeting of officers of rank was held at the house of Mr. Davis; that Governor Smith was present, and it is also believed that the mayor was there. It is also said that General Lee was certainly present at this meeting; and, without a knowledge of what the entire objects of the meeting were, it was understood that the final disposition of the

