
tobacco and cotton in Richmond was left to the decision of General Ewell. Our friends renew the information that the works are being thrown up at Amelia Court-House.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 104. Washington, March 2, 1865.

* * * * * *

16. The telegraphic order of March 1, 1865, from this office, granting Bvt. Major General A. S. Webb, chief of staff, Army of the Potomac, permission to visit Washington, D. C., is hereby confirmed.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 2, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

Everything tends to satisfy the major-general commanding that the rebels contemplate evacuating Petersburg. Anticipating orders from the lieutenant-general commanding, he desires to call your attention to the necessity of treating this matter with great earnestness. Whenever your lines are not sufficiently close to watch the enemy, it will be necessary for you either to advance your line or to organize scouting parties of trustworthy and enterprising men who will keep you advised of all that may occur corroborative of this view of the intentions of the enemy. Without striking tents, it will be necessary to keep your command ready to follow up closely any movement, even with small parties, through any gap that may be discovered. Deserters are to be examined at once, and results to be telegraphed here.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to commanding officers Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Corps.)

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of my tour of duty as general officer of the day for March 1 to 2. I caused some four posts on the left of the First Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, to be advanced about twenty-five yards, which straightened the line and gained sufficient ground to dispense with one post, which post was sent to the reserve. The left center of the First Division line was thrown forward some 200 yards by instructions from the division commander, thus straightening the line and making it much shorter. No disturbance was caused on the line by this movement. I found

