
CITY POINT, VA., January 9, 1865-3.30 p.m.

Major-General ORD:

I want you to have a thorough examination made of your Bermuda front, and report whether, in your judgment, we can go through by a surprise and by massing. I could give you an additional corps to hold what you got, and would give up all north of the James, except two or three important points, if it could be done.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, January 9, 1865-4.20 p.m.

General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Cipher dispatch received; will be attended to.

E. O. C. ORD,
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA.,January 9, 1865.

Lieutenant KING,

Acting Chief Engineer:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of engineer operations on the Bermuda Hundred front for the week ending January 7, 1865:

Battery Anderson was repaired by raising parapet two feet. Embrasures were repaired. The new interior line from Battery Anderson, on the right to Battery England, on the left, was completed, excepting the abatis which is owing to the scarcity of transportation. Repairs were made in Battery England. The old rivetting of rails was taken down and new poles put up. The infantry parapets from Battery England to Battery Pruyn and Battery Walker are being repaired, and nearly finished. The average details were 40 engineers and 100 infantry. I will send you a more detailed report to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TRENOR,

Lieutenant, First New York Engineers.

STEAMER McCLELLAN,

Morehead City, January 9, 1865.

DEAR RAWLINS; Wind is still northeast and fresh; weather not good-cloudy-and looks as if it might be worse. A vessel loaded with supplies for Butler's expedition which got driven off in a gale turned up here last night, so we are rationed. General Terry has sent to Old Point for coal. General Terry has been making every exertion to keep our destination a secret, allowing nobody to go ashore; indeed, only one or two on this vessel knew of its destination until yesterday when the navy officers who came on board spoke of it freely before anybody, and Captain Terry, meeting some acquaintances on shore, was told it was known there three days before our arrival-that is, on the 5th-that another expedition against expedition against Wilmington was coming, and under Terry's command. How long we shall have to lie here for the weather, Heaven

