
torious and faithful services, to date from 1st of January, 1865. Captain P. A. Davis, assistant adjutant-general, to be brevet major, for gallant and meritorious services in the campaign of 1864, to date from 1st of January, 1865. Captain [James] Curry, commissary of subsistence, to be brevet major and lieutenant-colonel, for long, faithful, and arduous services. Lieutenant Colonel M. P. Small, commissary of subsistence, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, to be colonel by brevet, for distinguished and meritorious services, campaign 1863 and 1864, to date from January 1, 1865.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARCH 2, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

City Point:

Eighteen deserters since my last report.

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., March 2, 1865-12 p. m.

General TURNER,

Chief of Staff, Army of the James:

I want an expedition, to consist of one picked brigade of infantry and one regiment of cavalry, prepared to send up the Rappahannock as soon as the quartermaster's department can furnish water transportation for them. They will take ten days' rations with them, and, with such supplies as they can collect from the country, will be prepared to remain absent longer if necessary. The object is to break up illicit trade of the Northern Neck, and, if they can, to break up the Fredericksburg railroad. An officer of experience and reliability will be necessary to take command. When he is designated more particular instructions will be given from these headquarters.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 2, 1865-8.50 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Barnard, by telegraph, directs me to report to you the following extract from my letter to him on James River obstructions:

I made an inspection to-day, February 28, and find that the obstructions are as is represented in the accompanying chart, except that schooner Numbers 4 is reported to have drifted away, leaving an opening in the north channel sufficient to pass an iron-clad, and in the south channel there is also space enough to pass a vessel. The naval officer, Lieutenant Hayes, who has had charge of these obstructions, says that it will require five more schooners sunk in the north channel and two more in the south channel to make them impassable at ordinary high tide. At present there is a considerable freshest running in the river, and the water if some three to four feet higher than ordinary, so that the navy reports that the rebel iron-clads can come down over the middle ground or bar between the two channels, but think they will not attempt it, because the current is too strong to steer the vessels.

PETER S. MICHIE,Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer.

