
them out? They are reported at 150 in number, and do not probably exceed that number. Advise us by telegraph of any news you have of the rebel forces. Elizabeth is in Wirt County.

By order of Brevet Major-General Carroll:

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 2, 1865-3 p. m.

Brigadier-General MORRIS,

Baltimore:

As most official communications have to be submitted to General Grant or the Secretary of War for decision, it is best that they be made in writing. Verbal messages transmitted through third parties are liable to be misapprehended.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 2, 1865.

General W. W. MORRIS,

Baltimore, Md.:

I am directed to say, in reply to your telegram received last evening, that General Orders, Numbers 27, are not intended to interfere with orders from higher authority, or to forbid the granting of passes, as now customary from one department to another. The order refers to persons passing into or from the enemy's lines.

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, March 2, 1865.

Colonel F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Winchester:

Your telegram in reply to mine about your General Order, Numbers 27, received. In view of the fact, therefore, that but a small portion of the department approaches the enemy's lines, and that is in the direction of Point of Rocks, in the district commanded by General Tyler, would it not be well for me to give your order to him alone, and thus avoid the confusion and misunderstanding as well as annoyance to you that may follow a general promulgation of the order? The present system of granting passes here is somewhat complicated, owing to the number of points to be reached from here, but it is well understood and rigidly enforced, and seems to fully accomplish the object aimed at. It is almost impossible now for any improper person either to come or go. General Tyler has been directed to execute your order in his district.

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 3, 1865-12.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A great many deserters are coming in from the enemy bringing their arms with them, excepting the pay for them as the means of a little

