
oners of war improperly captured. He had my authority to do so, and to arrange it definitely for such as were confined in his department; arrangements for all others to be submitted for approval. A general conversation ensued on the subject of the war, and has induced the above letter. I have not returned any reply, but promised to do so at 12 m. to-morrow. I respectfully request instructions.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 3, 1865-12 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send you a telegram written by the President himself in answer to yours of this evening, which I have signed by his order. I will add that General Ord's conduct in holding intercourse with General Longstreet upon political questions not committed to his charge is not approved. The same thing was done in one instance by Major Key, when the army was commanded by General McClellan, and he was sent to meet Howell Cobb on the subject of exchanges, and it was in that instance, as in this, disapproved. You will please in future instruct officers appointed to meet rebel officers to confine themselves to the matters specially committed to them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 3, 1865-12 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The President directs me to say to you that he wishes you to have no conference with General Lee, unless it be for the capitulation of General Lee's army or on some minor and purely military matter. He instructs me to say that you are not to decide, discuss, or confer upon any political question. Such questions the President holds in his own hands, and will submit them to no military conferences or conventions. Meantime you are to press to the utmost your military advantages.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 3, 1865-11 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

General Carroll was ordered with General Hancock on Sunday last. General Crocker was ordered east some time ago, but probably has not been able to make the journey in the winter. Vessels sent from here to Cape Fear River are sent back to discharge at Beaufort. If a change has been made in this respect notice should be given to the Quarter-master's Department, in order to save time and expense.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

