
Pegram's division, had gone somewhere recently, and as this is Hoke's old brigade of North Carolina troops, it is possible it has gone to join him. I see no positive evidence of any other command having left.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 3, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel S. F. Barstow, major and assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, now on duty at these headquarters, may be assigned with the rank of lieutenant-colonel. This is the grade of the corps adjutant-general, and I ask that he may be put upon an equal footing with them in the same manner as Major N. H. Davis, assistant inspector-general and assistant to Colonel Schriver, inspector-general of this army, [who] was in 1863 assigned to the rank of lieutenant-colonel to place him on an equality with the corps inspectors-general. Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Barstow is an able and energetic officer, who has served with distinction in this army for nearly three years. He entered the service in 1861. I am informed that he has on previous occasions been offered the position of corps adjutant-general, with the rank of lieutenant-colonel, and I desire that the same rank and pay may be accorded to him here, where his services are more arduous and more valuable to the Government than they would be at a corps headquarters. I would suggest that the assignment be made from the 1st day of July, 1864.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

JAMES RIVER FLOTILLA, Flag-ship Dumbarton, March 3, 1865-4.50 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

SIR: I will send two vessels to co-operate from the lower part of the river.

WM. RADFORD.

JONES' LANDING, March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Telegraph to Foxhall A. Parker, at Point Lookout, Md. It is in his district, and he has a number of light-draught gun-boats.

WM. RADFORD,

Commodore.

CITY POINT, VA., March 3, 1865.

Commodore RADFORD:

[Care of General Ord.]

Your two dispatches are received. Do you mean that you will send two gun-boats, or do you still wish me to call on Captain Parker? Your

