HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General DEVENS,Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

Please have 2,000 men ready to embark at noon to-morrow at Varina, with four days' rations on their persons. No transportation except five ambulances to 1,000 men.

By order Major-General Gibbon:

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 3, 1865-12.25 p.m.

Brigadier-General DEVENS,Commanding Twenty-fourth Corps:

The troops directed to be ready to embark at Varina to-morrow should be of one of your best brigades, under an experienced and reliable officer. Let me know as soon as you designate one. The troops are to take ten days' rations. I think you had better send either Jourdan, Roberts, or Dandy, according as their brigades approach the number 2,000.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

MARCH 3, 1865-1.10 p.m.

Brigadier-General DEVENS,

Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

Send Roberts' brigade; it will be large enough.

By order of Major-General Gibbon:

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, March 3, 1865.

Colonel S. H. ROBERTS,Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: In accordance with Special Orders, No. 59, paragraph 5, dated headquarters Twenty-fourth Army Corps, March 3, 1865, you will move your command to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock for Deep Bottom, there to be placed on board of transports. The troops will carry four days' marching rations on their persons and sixty rounds of ammunition. The commanding officer of the brigade will endeavor to have every man go who is able to march and carry a musket. The commissary of the corps will provide six days' rations, which will be at the landing. You will take no wagons with you save the ambulances that have been ordered to report to you. You will leave your camp in charge of a disabled or convalescent officer [if you have one], with such men as are unable to march to the landing. You will cause instructions to be given that the camp of your brigade during your absence is kept intact, and in no manner destroyed or molested.

By order of Colonel E. M. Cullen:

GEO. W. HOOKER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

