
burned and the rails twisted by heating them. The necessary care and precaution must be taken to protect the working parties, and also great care must be taken to protect our camps in this vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 3, 1865. [Received 6 p.m.]

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

A scouting party I sent to Strasburg has just returned. They saw no enemy and heard of none. Citizens report that Sheridan entered Staunton yesterday, having met no enemy in force on his march.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The following just received and forwarded for your information:

General MORGAN:

At Parkersburg is Fort Boreman, with five pieces of artillery and a garrison of 170 men. Have ordered down the river from Wheeling three companies, 125 men, and from this place a regiment of 500 men, which will give a force of 790 men. At Grafton there are six pieces of artillery and 150 men. I have ordered it re-enforced by 300 men from Clarksburg, twenty-two miles off, making the force 450 men. The approaches to Clarksburg are defended by 488 men at Bulltown, five miles south of Clarksburg; by 385 men at Philippi, seventeen miles south of Grafton; by 600 men at Beverly, twenty-five miles south of Philippi; by 692 men at Buckhannon, twenty-eight miles south of Clarksburg. I consider Grafton and Clarksburg safe, perfectly. Am informed by the commanding officer at Clarksburg safe, perfectly. Am informed by the commanding officer at Clarksburg that a force of 150 rebels are at Elizabeth, twenty-two miles south of West Union, on the Kanawha. The force at Bulltown has been notified of this fact, and will be on the watch for them. I have sent General Lightburn to Clarksburg.

S. S. CARROLL,

Brevet Major-General.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 3, 1865. [Received 4.40 p.m.]

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

A deserter came into the lines this morning who left camp near Fishersville between Waynesborough and Staunton a week ago Wednesday. He is a conscript two weeks in service; says there are two small brigades there, Wharton's being one. He came up on the mountains; saw Sheridan's force at Mount Jackson about noon on Tuesday; saw nothing else but disbanded cavalry.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

