
WINCHESTER, VA., March 3, 1865-8.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Since I cannot use General Carroll, as I proposed, on account of the error concerning his promotion, I must either go to Cumberland and look after the Department of West Virginia, or send Stevenson back there, which I do not care to do. Unless, therefore, there is some special reason for keeping me here, I shall leave here for Cumberland as soon as practicable, leaving General Emory in the immediate command of the troops here and along the military railroad. Owing to the uncertainty concerning Sheridan, I shall leave his headquarters here, taking with me only his adjutant-general. Should Sheridan not return I shall then make some changes in the disposition of troops in this vicinity, as suggested in dispatch of the 28th ultimo. I shall, of course, wait until it is officially settled that Sheridan will not return here.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 3, 1865-10 a.m. [Received 10.25 p.m. 9th.]

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Middle Military Division, Winchester:

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Sheridan to forward you this morning a copy of a dispatch to General Halleck, informing him of our successes yesterday at this place-Waynesborough.* I sent you four copies of the same dispatch by four of our scouts this morning at 1 a.m.,and also sent by the same men a communication to you requesting you to send forward to Mount Jackson one regiment of cavalry, three regiments of infantry, with the remaining pontoons, and 5,000 rations. It is important to have the pontoons up to Mount Jackson, as the river cannot be forded. I have no other news than what is contained in the dispatch to General Halleck. We are still pressing forward, and expect to take and occupy Charlottesville.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 3, 1865. [Received 12.45 p.m.]

General C. C. AUGUR,Commanding Department of Washington:

General Hancock desires me to say that General Orders, No. 27, was issued on the understanding that General Sheridan had given the same instructions, and with a view particularly to prevent abuses discovered along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and at Berlin. You need not change the system heretofore in operation in your department, and if the order leads to complications it will be rescinded as far as your department is concerned. It is desired to prevent persons living

---------------

*See March 2, p. 792.

---------------

