HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 4, 1865-4.55 p.m.

Brevet Brigadier-General SHARPE:

Think that none of the regiments in our front have been sent away. There have been some changes in line. Yesterday Bratton's brigade moved from Fort Gilmer back to Field's division and Kershaw moved up. The gap near the Williamsburg road, made by the removal of Bratton some ten days ago, has been filled by details of one regiment from each brigade of Field's division. Bratton originally held the extreme left of Field. Don't believe a man has left our front unless to desert to us or back home.

FRED. L. MANNING,Lieutenant Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Army of the James.

MARCH 4, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Fourteen contrabands just received from inside the rebel lines. John Davis, the most intelligent, reports as follows: Left the rebel lines abound daybreak. Came into the lines of the Third Division. Knows of no movements of the enemy later than last Saturday, when two brigades of infantry and one of cavalry moved to Stony Creek. A large quantity of the best tobacco was burned. About 1,000 bales of cotton were piled up to burn, but objections being made by the citizens it was not done. A large quantity of cotton and tobacco is in Petersburg and vicinity, which the enemy is removing as rapidly as possible. General Lee has gone to Georgia, and General Johnston has command of the army here. The bulk of the rebel army is at Stony Creek. Negroes will not fight.

H. W. RYDER,

Major and Provost-Marshal, Fifth Corps.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND,

March 4, 1865.

Captain SCHUYLER,

Provost-Marshal-General, Army of the Potomac:

I have reason to believe that regiments and parts of regiments from Lane's and other brigades have been sent off; have you anything to corroborate it? Question the regiments from all brigades about this.

OLIVER.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION, March 4, 1865-9 a.m.

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

No trains have been heard to pass during the night. The wind blew very strong from an adverse direction, but not strong enough to pre-

