
vent whistles being heard, none of which, however, were heard. One train just passed toward Petersburg. Cars not counted on account of storm.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. HOPPING.

[Same to Lieutenant L. A. Dillingham, chief signal officer, Ninth Army Corps.]

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION, March 4, 1865-6.15 p.m.

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

No trains have passed on enemy's railroad since last report. No change in this front. The following have been intercepted:

Sergeant R.:

Come for money for your district.

F. RENSON,

Lieutenant.

3 P. M.

Major P.:

Two trains have passed on enemy's railroad toward their left, and two toward City Point; eleven wagons toward their left, and seven toward City Point.

W.

Sergeant, at D.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. HOPPING,

Sergeant.

[Same to Lieutenant L. A. Dillingham, chief signal officer, Ninth Army Corps.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, No. 44. City Point, Va., March 4, 1865.

The following order relating to deserters, with additional provision allowing payment to them for arms and other property, together with Circular Orders, No. 31, of date of August 31, 1864, from the office of the Provost-Marshal General, War Department, exempting them from conscription into the service of the United States, are republished for the information and guidance of all concerned:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, No. 3. In the Field, Va., January 4, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

Hereafter deserters from the Confederate Army who deliver themselves up to the U. S. forces will, on taking an oath that they will not again take u arms during the present rebellion, be furnished subsistence and free transportation to their homes, if the same are within the lines of Federal occupation. If their homes are not within such lines they will be furnished subsistence and free transportation to any point in the Northern States.

All deserters who take the oath of allegiance will, if they desire it, be given employment in the Quartermaster's and other departments of the Army, and the same remuneration paid them as is given to civilian employes for similar services.

