
only enemy of which I have any information is Mosby's command, extending in small parties from Alexandria to Front Royal; McNeill's and Gilmor's commands from Front Royal to Romney and Moorefield. I send out frequent scouts through Loudoun and through Jefferson and Berkeley Counties; also to Back Creek Valley, through North Mountain at Shanghai Gap. At this time the condition of the streams prevents an extensive system of scouting. I have no scouts other than parts of my command.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 4, 1865.

Major PRATT, Provost-Marshal:

MAJOR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the order forbidding Brigadier-General Stevenson to grant passes was not intended to put the business entirely out of his hands. General Stevenson should examine the cases, and recommend those he thinks urgent, stating reasons.

Very respectfully,E. B. PARSONS,

Provost-Marshal-General, Middle Military Division.

HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF HARPER'S FERRY, Harper's Ferry, W. Va., March 4, 1865.

Colonel RENO,

Commanding Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Charlestown, W. Va.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send to-night a scouting party not less than 100 strong to Smithfield, and to hold during the present high water the bridge on the Bunker Hill road. Unarmed citizens not able to properly account for themselves will be arrested. There are parties in the village who can give the necessary information, but they must not be compromised. The force will move with three days' rations and three days' short forage.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 4, 1865.

General S. S. CARROLL, Cumberland:

The governor of West Virginia reports by letter of the 27th of February that there are 2,000 rebels in Hardy, Randolph, Pendleton, and Pocahontas Counties, being parts of Rosser's Jackson's, and Imboden's commands. If you are able to strike any of these people it would be a good scheme. There are also a great many men who have returned to their homes with arms who might be reached by scouting parties. The governor says there are seventy-five in Boone County. Is there not a cavalry regiment in Charleston? The general will probably be at Cumberland in a few days.

C. H. MORGAN,Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

