
their regiments, and must wear the uniforms of the U. S. Army. All scouts at these headquarters will, after to-day, have passes or papers, signed by the commanding general, to show that they are authorized to act in that capacity.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 3. Charlottesville, March 5, 1865.

The First Division will move to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock to Scottsville, on the James River. General Merritt will accompany this division, and will detach a light party to proceed down the Rivanna River to Palmyra, destroying all bridges and mills, and if information will justify will send to Columbia and destroy the bridge at that place, and also the bridge on the James River at New Canton. These parties will rendezvous at Scottsville, and the division will make Howardsville to-morrow night, where it can open communication with the Third Division, which will encamp at the railroad crossing of Rockfish River, and will send parties to Howardsville. The Third Division will move at 7 o'clock on the Lovingston road, and will encamp at the railroad crossing over Rockfish River, and will have charge of all trains, and will be accompanied by the commanding general. A map of the roads leading to Scottsville and Lonvingston will be forwarded herewith to the division commanders.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 5, 1865.

Major-General MERRITT,Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL The general commanding directs that a thorough inspection of headquarters and supply trains be made at once. All material not absolutely necessary will be thrown out and destroyed.

Respectfully,

F. T. SHERMAN,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Charlottesville, Va., March 5, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A dispatch just received from General Custer reports that the bridges, culverts, and other property on the Gordonsville railroad had been destroyed up to a point twelve miles from this city, and that the brigades had returned to camp, save a small party. As soon as the last arrives the bridge over the river will be destroyed. Some skirmishing took place between the brigade and the enemy; a picket of about thirty men were driven in at Keswick Station, and a battle-flag

