
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., March 5, 1865-7 p.m.

(Received 7.25 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Reports just received from the different posts on the line state all quiet. I sent our a cavalry scouting party to-day, which went out beyond Centerville, and Chantilly and has just returned. Saw nothing of the enemy except one of Mosby's men, whose horse and equipments were captured, but the man escaped in the pines. Captain Russell's command of cavalry has not yet returned, but is expected to-morrow. He had to pass through Thoroughfare Gap on account of the high water in the streams on the direct route.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., March 5, 1865-9 p.m.

(Received 10 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

COLONEL: The command of 200 of the Sixteenth New York and 400 of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, under Captain Russell, have just returned. The march was by way of Warrento to Rappahannock Station; thence up this side of the river to Sulphur Springs. There being no fording place practicable nearer than Amissville, the command returned by way of New Baltimore. There is no rebel cavalry picketing on the Rappahannock nor none this side of the Rapidan, excepting a few straggling scouts. The Rapidan railroad bridge is carried away by the freshest; streams impassable, and the roads exceedingly bad. Six rebel scouts and four horses and equipments captured and brought in by the Eighth Illinois. Six of the Sixteenth New York, on rear-guard duty, straggled, and were captured by guerrillas. Their horses, arms, and equipments, should be charged to them on the pay-rolls. A detailed report will be sent to-morrow.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Fairfax Court-House, Va., March 5, 1865

Bvt. Brigadier General WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Commanding First Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report moving with my command to Warrenton, and from there to Rappahannock bridge; found it destroyed, and learned that the Rapidan bridge was repaired in December, but the freshest carried it away about a week ago. I then moved up the river as far as Sulphur Springs. Found all of the fords too high to cross, and having no forage, returned to camp, capturing six prisoners.

I have to regret reporting the capture of six men of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry by the enemy, which I think is inexcusable, and would recommend that their horses and equipments be charged to them. I found none of the enemy in that vicinity except a few of Mosby's men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. RUSSELL,

Captain, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

