
this block-house as soon as practicable. An infantry post is contemplated on the river near Halltown, and others at Charlestown, Cameron's, and Leetown. The cavalry will be kept well together near Summit Station, which will be their depot, and will scout well up the Valley and watch the fords of the Shenandoah. It is also contemplated to have a regiment of cavalry at least at Smithfield, to picket the principal crossings of the Opequon and to scout in the direction of Apple Pie Ridge and Back Creek. The general with notify you when, in his judgment the proper time has arrived to carry this arrangement into effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 5, 1865

General EMORY:

The general instructs me to inform you that it is reported that about 300 of General Rosser's men are assembled at Strasburg for the purpose of making a raid. He wishes you to be on the alert.

Respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General CHAPMAN:

Major-General Hancock directs that you send at an early hour to-morrow morning a party of 500 men to Strasburg and vicinity. It is reported that 300 or 400 of Rosser's men are concentrating there for the purpose of a raid. The general wishes you to improve the opportunity of get what information you can of Sheridan. Three men belonging to the Third Virginia, of your command, are said to have come in to-day from up the Valley. Have you heard anything of them?

Respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 5, 1865.

General STEVENSON:

About 300 of Rosser' men and a few of Mosby's were at Strasburg last night. It is possible they may pay some of your posts near Martinsburg or Kearneysville a visit. At what hour do the cars go east from Harper's Ferry to-morrow?

C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff.

