HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 5, 1865.

General FESSENDEN,

Post Commander:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has received information that some 300 or 400 of Rosser's men are at Strasburg, and have been making arrangements for a raid. The general desires you to caution the officers in charge of your picket guards on all the roads to exercise great vigilance. Scouting parties will probably be sent out on the Romney and Pughtown roads.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

HARPER'S FERRY, March 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General SEWARD:

Martinsburg:

Three hundred of Rosser's command, with part of Mosby's men, were at Strasburg last night. Keep out scouts, as they may pay you or some of your outposts a visit. Notify your various commands to be on the lookout.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., March 5, 1865.

Major R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

I arrived from Parkersburg this noon and found your telegram of last evening. In the counties of Jackson, Wirt, Roane, Gilmer, Clay an part of Braxton there are squads of rebels, from five to thirty each, without distinct organization, who have come to plunder and steal horses; their aggregate does not amount, in my opinion, to over 250, but they are exceedingly troublesome. In the counties of Pendleton, Pocahontas, Highland and Bath there are reported to be organized forces on rebels, chiefly cavalry, and estimated in their total aggregate from 1,500 to 3,000; and at Lewisburg there is said to be 2,000. Scouts, refugees, and deserters agree in the report that Rosser intends a raid in West Virginia. I have a system of scouts for each outpost.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., March 5, 1865-2.40 p.m.

Lieutenant HENRY J. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

The following just received from Beverly by telegraph:

I am led to believe there will be an attack on this place as soon as the roads will permit the enemy's cavalry to move. Can you send me a section of artillery?

Answer.

W. H. ENOCHS,

Colonel, Commanding.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

