
CITY POINT, VA., March 6, 1865-2.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Deserters to-day report that Sheridan has cut the James River Canal. As Richmond papers have determined to give us no news, I will have to report such as is obtained through scouts, deserters, and refugees, to be taken for what it is worth.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 6, 1865-1.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Nothing particular to report. Twenty-seven deserters received by provost-marshal-general up to midnight last night. Twenty-eight are reported as having come in since then by corps commanders. I transmit the information obtained from such as have reported at these headquarters.* Their statements as to the movements of Mahone's division are confused. Instead of this division going to the north bank of the James as reported yesterday you will now note it is stated it was going to Burgess' Mill to relieve a division of Early's corps ordered to the Valley.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 6, 1865.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to state that up to this hour, 12.30 p.m. thirteen rebel deserters have been forwarded to this office, bringing in with them the following property: eight muskets; and the men are representatives of the following brigades: Scales', Lane's and MacRae's. An informant of Lane's brigade, Thirty-seventh North Carolina, states that yesterday morning a larger details than usual was made from the brigade for picket duty, and that the men of Lane's brigade relieved Mahone's pickets in front of McGowan's brigade. The pickets of Mahone's division stated that they were going to Burgess' Mill to relieve a division of Early's corps, which division was going to Lynchburg. Another informant states that a company of the Forty-eighth North Carolina Regiment had left the regiment, taking everything with them; could not say where to. Another informant states that he passed through Burkeville Junction on Thursday last and saw the Seventh North Carolina Regiment going south with the men of said regiment.

PH. SCHUYLER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

