
ment of foot artillery is required in the artillery command of each army corps. For the grand park of an army of 100,000 men two or three regiments, at least, should be furnished.

When these troops are not required for their special duties they can be used in battle as a reserve for infantry purposes. They would thus act together, be exceedingly useful, and inspired by esprit de corps on whatever duties employed.

With so large a force of heavy (foot) artillery it is but just to provide fully for the artillery duties before supplying these troops to infantry divisions.

The whole artillery force should be under the command of the chief of artillery of the army, who should be responsible for its organization, equipment instruction supplies, discipline and efficiency with the necessary staff and powers to meet his responsibilities. This unity of command and administration is necessary to insure uniformity throughout the army, system, and economy, as well as efficiency to enable the whole arm to be used according to circumstances to the greatest advantage, to enable the experience of this arm, now frittered away to be made useful, to insure uniformity of rewards and punishment in the administration, and to protect the interest of all. Without this unity that esprit de corps, without which the highest efficiency cannot be obtained, is impossible.

The artillery serving immediately with the troops should be considered as detached to the corps or division and not forming an integral portion of it. It should be subjected to the ordinary rules of service of troops so situated-that is, the commander should have the fighting use of the batteries, the artillery commander making his stated returns, &amp;c., to artillery headquarters which should centralize all that relates to the personnel and material of the artillery of the army as in the French service, upon which ours is modeled, as well as in all other armies of whose organization I have any knowledge. There is no necessity of any conflict of authority or powers in this case any more than in the engineers, as the general instructions for the employment of both emanate from the general commanding an army, to whom the chiefs of artillery and engineers as well as corps commanders are directly responsible.

HENRY J. HUNT.

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 10, 1865

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE, Commanding Army of the Potomac;

* * * * * *

Johnson's division is all in our front in its old position from Battery 35 to the Appomattox, and no movement has taken place of any part of it. It was reported from Butler's department that this division, had gone south. Much complaint regarding clothing, blankets, &c., and scant rations.

JNO. C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,January 10, 1865-10.25 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes in the disposition of this command since last report.

Nine deserters from the enemy came into our lines during the night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

