
this work until Pennington's brigade reaches here with the trains. It will then charge of the trains and will conduct them to New Market at the mouth of the Tye River. Pennington's brigade will move at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, and will escort the trains to this place (Arrington Depot), when it will be relieved by Colonel Capehart's brigade, and will then proceed to New Market, at the mouth of Tye River.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,March 7, 1865

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The brigade over the James at Bent Creek could not be saved. Arriving here at 6 p.m. I started a force at 8 o'clock for the bridge, ten miles distant. The force was directed to go as fast as possible. It reached the bridge at 9.30, but found it burnt. Lieutenant Myers, of my staff, who went with the force, reports the bridge was prepared for burning two days in advance of our arrival, turpentine and shavings having been scattered over it, so the negroes say. I have ordered working parties to commence destroying the canal to-morrow at 5 a.m. I will push on up the river unless I get other orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,New Market, March 7, 1865

Bvt. Major General W. MERRITT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you have a thorough inspection and revision of regimental pack trains, and that every enlisted men be mounted. The commanding general is satisfied that every enlisted man in the command, can be mounted, and it must be done. You will please issue orders that dismounted men seize the horses ridden or led by enlisted men or negroes, unless they have a pass showing the horses are private property,and every officer giving a pass to a soldier or negro for captured horses will be immediately dismissed the service, subject to the approval of the President of the United States.

By command, of Major-General Sheridan:

G. A. FORSYTH,

Brevet Colonel and Additional Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]

The above order will be strictly complied with in each division by the division commanders, who will assure themselves that the spirit of the order is carried out on the march in future.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

56 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

