HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va, March 7, 1865

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

As previously reported this afternoon a patrol of one officer and twenty men of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry, with dispatches from Vienna, was attacked by about thirty of Mosby's men between Vienna and this post. The patrol disgracefully ran away without firing a shot, and let the guerrillas charge into them, killing 1, wounding 3 others, capturing several horses, arms, and equipments. I sent out 100 of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, but the rebels, ran away and were followed rapidly to Frying Pan, when it became dark and the rebel scattered through the pines and were lost track of. This detachment has just returned. I intend to send out a scout to-morrow evening at dark from the Eighth Illinois through the country beyond Frying Pan, searching the houses these guerrillas stay at night.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, March 7, 1865.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Cumberland

The cavalry scout returned from Strasburg last night. Their official report is not in. Staff officers and scouts who were along say that nothing was seen or heard. A cavalry sergeant captured from General Sheridan at New Market escaped from the enemy in the Luray Valley. He got in last night. He says the people in the Valley had the report on Friday of the capture of Early and his forces. I think, from the time, that the report came from the enemy and not from our side, and is, therefore, a confirmation.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Near Winchester, Va.,, March 7, 1865-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

I send all that part of General Tibbits' dispatch, just received, that relates to the enemy:

No enemy was seen during the day, and the closest investigation failed to develop any concentration of forces this side of Mount Jackson, and there only the purpose of arresting rebel deserters and stragglers who uniformly refused to join their commands. This force, if collected, was to be sent to Lynchburg. Union and rebel citizens concur in the opinion that General Rosser is not in the Valley as did also two escaped prisoners of the Third New Jersey Cavalry and two fugitive conscripts just from New Market. Leaving Strasburg at 1.30 p.m., I reached camp by the Valley pike at 7 p.m. The Back round is in very bad condition; the Valley pike, as usual good. No unusual depth of water at Cedar Creek.

WM. B. TIBBITS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

W. H. EMORY

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

