
CLARKSBURG, W. VA., March 7, 1865-4.40 p.m.

Lieutenant HENRY J. JOHNSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md/.:

The following received from Bulltown:

Captain Hicks has just returned from an eight-days' scout, bringing five prisoners. He succeeded in killing Captain Chewning and Lieutenant Chewning and dangerously wounding Captain Spriggs and Lieutenant Morrison, all belonging to the independent command now being raised for guerrilla purposes. The prisoners report a rebel force in our front, three regiments ten miles below Franklin, one regiment in Crab Bottom, one at Huttonsville, one in Pocahontas and Bath, and three under Witcher at Lewisburg.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA,

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Alexandria, Va., March 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: There is great expectation that the Union Army will soon occupy Richmond. May I ask you to protect the capitol building of the State and any records, that may be left therein; also the Governor's mansion, which belongs to the State. The capitol building is claimed to be a monument of the architectural skill of Mr. Jefferson. In the rotunda is the finest statue of Washington extant. The record, if left, will be of great value to the State and Federal Government. I expect to occupy the Governor's mansion, and will gladly extend to you the hospitalities of the place when I get there.

I am, yours, &amp;c.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 8, 1865. - 11.30 p.m.

(Received 9th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

City Point, Va.;

Your two dispatches to the Secretary of War* - one relating to supplies for the enemy going by the Blackwater, and the other to General Singleton and Judge Hughes-have been laid before me by him. As to Singleton and Hughes, I think they are not in Richmond by any authority, unless it be from you. I remember nothing from me which could aid them in getting there except a letter to you as follows, to wit:?

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, February 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Singleton, who bears you this, claims that he already has arrangements made, if you consent, to bring a large amount of Southern produce through your lines. For its bearing on our finances I would be glad for this to be done, if it can be without injuriously disturbing your military operations or supplying the enemy. I wish you to be judge and master on these points.

Please see and hear him fully, and decide whether anything, and if anything, what, can be done in the premises.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

*See Grant to Stanton, 11 a.m. and 11.30 a.m., next, post.

---------------

