
by the President's order through me of February 7 and the President's letter of same date. Military necessity is paramount to every other consideration, and of that you, as commander of the forces in the field, are the absolute and paramount judge. This I believe to be the President's own view, and that every one who procures a trade permit or pass to go through the lines from him does it impliedly subject to your sanction. You are so instructed to act until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MARCH 9-10 a.m.

NOTE. - The above dispatch was handed me by the Secretary of War at his house last evening, with the date of the President's letter left blank for me to fill up, but owing to the absence of the Secretary's confidential clerk I could not get it till this hour.

Very respectfully,

T. T. ECKERT,

Major, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Crocker was ordered in some time ago. Major Leet was promoted and confirmed. Forty rebel officers and 1,300 enlisted men, prisoners of war, are reported as having arrived at Winchester. General Sheridan was at Waynesborough. Early made his escape, but his staff was captured.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., March 8, 1865-6.30 p.m

(Received 8 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I understand that rebel prisoners in the North are allowed to take the oath of allegiance and go free. I think this is wrong. No one should be liberated on taking the oath of allegiance who has been captured while bearing arms against us, except where persons of known loyalty vouch for them. Men who desire to take the oath are the best men to exchange. They can afterward come into our lines if they do not wish to fight.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 8, 1865-11.15 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Provost-marshal-general reports twenty-three deserters yesterday up to midnight. Corps commanders report this morning sixteen as coming in during the night. No movements of troops reported. Defeat

