HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 8, 1865.

I have the honor to report all quiet on this front for the past twenty-four hours. One deserter from the Sixth Alabama, eleven deserters from the Fifty-second Virginia Infantry, Gordon's division, left the rebel lines about 2 a.m., brought in six muskets and seven sets of equipments. They know of no movements of troops in the rebel lines.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 8, 1865-11.40 a.m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac;

Eleven deserters from Fifty-second Virginia were received this morning. One of them Morris Keane, states as follows:

Belongs to Pegram's Division, now commanded by Brigadier-General Walker, Wallace's brigade, Gordon's corps. Rodes' division is in the same corps, on the left of Pegram's division. The rumor in the rebel army [is] that Sherman has met with success. Knows no particulars. General Sheridan is advancing upon Lynchburg; has destroyed Mitchell [Mechum's?] River bridge and other bridges in the vicinity of Charlottesville; has torn up the Virginia Central Railroad; don't know how much of it. General Early was killed and General Rosser, commanding brigade of cavalry under Early, was wounded. The brother of his captain went out on the staff of the officer sent to take Rosser's place. General Johnston has gone south. General Lee's headquarters are at Chesterfield. He is there now. Artillery has been moved from Petersburg to the rear. Cotton and tobacco are piled up in the city ready to burn. One brigade of cavalry moved from the Valley three days ago, and went to Stony Creek; one brigade of infantry, Johnston's, also left three days ago for the same place. These brigades have moved to Stony Creek to prevent desertions to North Carolina. Rations are poor and very scarce-half pound corn meal and one-quarter pound salt meat per day. The men are very much demoralized, and are expressing Union sentiments quite freely. Thinks the rebel army loses about 1,000 men daily by desertions and the details sent away to arrest deserters. More men would desert and the details sent away to arrest deserters. More men would desert were in not that our men fire on them as they attempt to come into our lines.

These men are now on the way to your headquarters.

For Major-General Warren:

Respectfully,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 8, 1865.

Respectfully returned,* and would state that the reports of the brigade commanders, Generals Sickel and Winthrop, show that their troops

---------------

*See Griffin to Locke, February 23, and Warren to Griffin, March 1, p. 659.

---------------

