
CUMBERLAND, MD., March 8, 1865.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Have you any orders as to the destination of General Sheridan's prisoners eastward after they reach Harper's Ferry?

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Middle Military Division.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., March 8, 1865. - midnight.

(Received 9 a.m. 9th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have just arrived here on my way to Winchester. Am delayed by telegraph being down to that point. Cannot leave here until I ascertain whether railroad is clear of trains. Have a message from General Sheridan, dated March 3, requesting me to send three regiments of infantry and one of cavalry to Mount Jackson, with 5,000 rations, also the pontoons, as the river cannot be forded. Sheridan sent four copies of his message by four different scouts, but they failed to get into Winchester. Colonel Boice brought it through, but only arrived this afternoon. General Emory informs me that Colonel Boice says that the force, pontoons, &amp;c., which Sheridan wished me to send to Mount Jackson, were intended to meet the prisoners which he was sending back. General Sheridan did not inform me of the object. Can you tell me, from your information, whether that was his object in requesting me to send troops, &c., to Mount Jackson? General Emory has the men ready to march from Winchester, but await instructions from me before starting them. I would not have telegraphed, but for the delay in my reaching Winchester. I am informed here that Mosby has crossed the Shennandoah from Waterford through Snicker's Gap, and was moving to-day toward White Post with several hundred men. If this information is correct, I suppose he designed liberating Sheridan's prisoners, who are now safe at Stephenson's Depot. Colonel Thompson, who brought the prisoners to Winchester, was attacked yesterday at Rude's Hill by Rosser, and was obliged to destroy three pieces of captured artillery which he had in charge.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 30. March 8, 1865.

The headquarters of the Middle Military Division will be re-established at Winchester, Va., and after this date until further orders communications requiring the action of the major-general commanding will be sent to that place.

By command of Major General W. S. Hancock:

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

