
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., March 8, 1865.

(Received 9.25 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reports just received from the several posts on the line state all quiet. Colonel Albright reports a few straggling scouts of the rebels being sen south of Burke's Station and west of Fairfax Station. All proper precautions are being taken for the safety of the different posts of the line. To steal horses and mules without a fight is no doubt their object. On account of the inclemency of the weather and needful rest for the cavalry horses I postponed the scouting to-night.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 8, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Will you inform me by telegraph if General Dwight is retained from his command by authority? My scouts report to me a detachment from Sheridan, guarding his prisoners, upward of 1,000, are coming down the Valley. I have sent out to meet them. The facts will be reported to General Hancock at Cumberland, as soon as received. The scout was with the detachment at 10 o'clock last night. From what he tells me the very best accounts you have had of our brave general will be more than verified by the official statement, which may be expected in the course of the day.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES,Winchester, March 8, 1865

Brigadier-General TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

I have just sent the inclosed* to the commanding officer of Middle Military Division at Cumberland, but as some anxiety may be felt I send it direct. Colonel Thompson, First New Hampshire Cavalry, of General Sheridan's command, has arrived with 40 officers and 1,300 enlisted men prisoners. Eight pieces of artillery and 100 wagons were captured and destroyed up to the time Colonel Thompson left General Sheridan at Waynesborough.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 8, 1865-2.50 p.m.

Major-General EMORY, Winchester:

On what day was Sheridan at Waynesborough, and in what direction was he going? Collect accurately all the details of his movement as far as can be ascertained, and report them without delay to this department by telegraph.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Sheridan to Halleck, March 2, p. 792.

---------------

