
pelled them to come in here to refit. They are all, however, fully repaired, or will be so to-day. From the present appearance of the weather we shall be able to proceed to-morrow or next day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY.

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Expedition.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES, Numbers 3. Flag-ship McClellan, January 10, 1865.

I. On sailing from this point the transports will follow the naval vessels in the following order: McClellan, Atlantic, Varuna, Tonawanda, De Molay, Thames, Champion, Commodore Du Pont, Montauk, Idaho, Euterpe, L. C. Livingston, Prometheus, General Lyon, California, Weybosset, North Point, Russia, Blackstone. The distance between the ships will be as small as is consistent with safety. Due notice will be given of the time of sailing. In case of the dispersion of the fleet the vessels will proceed to a point from four to five miles above New Inlet, N. C.

II. When the troops are to be disembarked, Admiral Porter intends to place a division of his fleet close to and parallel with the beach, to cover the landing. Of this division the Brooklyn will be the leading (southernmost) vessel. As soon as this division has taken up its position and anchored, the transports, except the North Point and the Blackstone, will move in and anchor in a line parallel with and 200 yards outside of it, the Atlantic opposite the Brooklyn, the other vessels following the Atlantic in the order prescribed for sailing from here. The North Point and the Blackstone will lie on the right of the second line of the naval vessels and await orders. Should any vessel be missing, the next in order will close up and occupy her position. The troops will be landed in the navy boats and in the surf-boats placed on the transports. These last-named boats must have their hoisting tackle ready hooked on as the shore is approached, and must be got into the water as soon as the anchors are dropped. Details of sailors will be sent from the navy to man them. Probably the steam-tug Eliza Hancox will be sent to the Atlantic to receive the troops on board of her and take them close to the shore before they are put into the boats. The Hancox, however, must not be waited for.

III. The men will land in heavy marching order, with three days' cooked rations and forty rounds of ammunition. The utmost expedition must be used in landing, and as soon as they are on shore the regiments will be formed ready to move. Commanding officers are cautioned to get their men in hand as rapidly as possible and under no pretense to permit straggling from the ranks.

By command of Brevet Major-General Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Description of Fort Fisher, as seen December 25, 1864

Fort Fisher, from all we saw and heard, is a square, bastioned field-work,with fronts of about 250 yards in length, and with strong relief-ditch and glacis on every side but water-front, a stockade running

