
from the counterscrap of the north front of the water's edge. The only front of which we had accurate observation and report is the north front, and on this there is an elevated bastion next to the sea; and along the curtain flanks and faces were counted seventeen guns, with a traverse rising apparently six feet above the parapet between each pair of guns. These traverses are so large that they are believed to be bombproofs.

The work is situated on the point of land between the sea and Cape Fear River, where the point has a width of about 800 yards, and about 100 yards from the ocean beach, the ground immediately around the work being well seen. A rebel prisoner states that the work is entered by a bridge about twenty feet long over a ditch from eight to ten feet in depth. It is believed, from the reports of naval officers and what we saw, that on the sea front all of the guns are casemated. We believe the work to be fully garrisoned, as they had three regiments of Kirkland's brigade, Hoke's division, in reserve upon Sugar Loaf Hill.

The proper method of defense of this work, subjected as it was to a heavy shell fire, would be to put all the men into the bombproofs, excepting a few as lookouts and sentinels, and keep them there until the very moment of assault. This method seems to have been the one adopted, as the fire on our skirmishers, so long as the naval fire continued, was very slight. The moment that ceased the musketry fire became very heavy and was accompanied by grape, canister, and shell.

This paper was given to me at Fort Monroe by Major-General Butler on the night of January 10, 1865.

H. L. ABBOT.

WINCHESTER, January 10, 1865-1.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am afraid the delay of Grover's division at Baltimore will be annoying to you. I cannot account for it, as I supposed from the telegram of the Secreteray of War that everything would be in readiness. General Grover telegraphs me that he is only partly off, and that it is all on account of the transportation. I respectfully forward a copy of the telegram on which the troops were sent to Baltimore.

WASHINGTON, January 5, 1865-10 a.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Transports left City Point yesterday for Baltimore sufficient to carry 4,000 infantry. They should reach Baltimore to-day, and will, no doubt, be there in time for the troops.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

The weather is very broken. I have nothing new to report.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, January 10, 1865.

(Received 2.55 p.m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

What did you find out from the ten men supposed to be Mosby's, captured by General Wallace, and what did the whole affair mean?

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

