
WINCHESTER, VA., March 9, 1865.

(Received 10.05 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Doctor Du Bois, medical director of Sheridan's forces, has written a note to Doctor Ghiselin, saying that the number of wounded in his command, including Thursday, was but six, and that of the enemy twelve, all of which were left at Waynesborough on account of the condition of the roads. There are rumors here of another capture of 1,000 prisoners at Gordonsville, or elsewhere. I shall send a considerable cavalry force up the Valley to-morrow, and shall see what there is in the rumor and ascertain something of guerrillas alos.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 9, 1865. (Received 10.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In General Sheridan's letter to me (I will send a copy*) of 3rd of March, at 10 a.m., he says finally, verbatim: "We are still pressing forward, and expect to occupy Charlottesville." I have conversed with Colonel Thompson, commanding the detachment which returned with the prisoners, and the colonel who brought me the dispatch from General Sheridan. They have no doubt as to the object of the force General Sheridan requested me to send to Mount Jackson having been to take charge of the prisoners. My judgment directs me not to send the force to Mount Jackson. I have concluded not to do so, the object being apparently accomplished for which it was desired. The prisoners started with were all brought in, with the exception of a few who were too weak to march. The subsequent captures from Rosser made the number greater than it was when Colonel Thompson started back. Colonel Thompson had six pieces of captured artillery in charge when he started back, all of which were destroyed, owing to bad roads and broken-down horses-five pieces before reaching Staunton, one afterward before reaching Mount Jackson. These facts show that the abandonment of the captured artillery was not owing to Rosser's attack, reported yesterday, but simply for the reasons stated.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 37. March 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. Ford Kent, having reported at these headquarters, in accordance with paragraph 3, Special Orders, Numbers 102, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, of March 1, 1865, is announced as assistant inspector-general of this corps, and will be respected accordingly.

Major John M. Waite, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Kent for duty in his office.

By command of Major General C. C. Augur:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Forsyth to Hancock, March 3, 10 a.m., p. 820.

---------------

