SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 48. City Point, Va., March 10, 1865.

I. The operations on all Treasury trade permits and licenses to trade, by whomsoever granted, within the State of Virginia, except that portion known as the Eastern Shore, and the States of North Carolina and South Carolina, and that portion of the State of Georgia immediately bordering on the Atlantic, including the city of Savannah, are hereby suspended until further orders. All contracts and agreements made under or by virtue of any trade permit or license within any of said States or parts of States during the existence of this order will be deemed yod, and the subject of such contracts or agreements will be seized by the military authorities for the benefit of Government, whether the same is at the time of such contracts or agreements within their reach, either by the operations of war or the acts of the contracting parties or their agents. The delivery of all goods contracted for and not delivered before the publication of this order is prohibited. Supplies of all kinds are prohibited from passing into any of said States or parts of States, except such as are absolutely necessary for the wants of those living within the lines of actual military occupation, and under no circumstances will military commanders allow them to pass beyond the lines they actually hold.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

March 10, 1865.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two deserters from the enemy came in last night, of McComb's brigade, Heth's division.

Three men deserted from the corps to the enemy last night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 70. March 10, 1865.

* * * * *

5. The brevet major-general commanding the division desires to express his gratification to the officers and men under his command for their fine appearance on the review of yesterday, as well as for the promptness and energetic manner in which they were on the ground at so short notice, being less than an hour. The division was very highly complimented by Major-General Meade and the visitors present; also by Major-General Doyle, of the English Army. It is probable the corps will be reviewed in a short time on the ground near the Cummings house. There is still room for improvement, particularly in the clean-liness of the clothing, as well as the manner of packing the knapsack. The overcoat will be neatly rolled and strapped on top. The men will all appear in white gloves.

* * * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Miles:

JNO. D. BLACK,Brevet Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

