HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 10, 1865. (Received 9.25 a.m.)

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet on this front for the past twenty-four hours.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 10, 1865-4 p.m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters, Army of the Potomac:

Two rebel deserters have just been received and forwarded to army headquarters-S. Platt and Henry Ingalls, Twenty-first North Carolina Infantry, Lewis' brigade, Walker's division (late Pegram's), Gordon's corps. Left the rebel lines at 10 a.m.; reports the enemy busy at work on breast-works which it is intended to run to Sutherland's Station. Enemy is also busy building new huts for the troops. The general talk is that Richmond is to be held; some talk of evacuating Petersburg and establishing the line on the other side. Pickett's division of five small brigades has gone to the Valley to replace the troops captured by Sheridan. Platt has received a letter from home, dated March 7, stating that Sherman was marching on Fayetteville, N. C. Many rebel officers are resigning. Those who can show wounds are allowed to resign from the infantry and join the cavalry, and receive thirty days' furlough. It seems to be the general belief in the rebel army that their cause is hopeless. Rations are very scarce.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 10, 1865. (Received 10.40 a.m.)

Major-General WEBB:

I have nothing new to report. Two deserters from Seventeenth South Carolina have been reported. They give a rumor in their camp that Lynchburg has been captured.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 10, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Musketry and some shots from artillery are reported to have been heard from my lines for nearly an hour between 8 and 9 a.m. yesterday in the direction of Manchester. To-day a deserter reports that parties

