
from Richmond last night state this firing to have been upon the returned prisoners of war who refused to obey the order sending them at once to duty without furlough, and that it occurred at Manchester.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

P. S.-I think this might be published.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 10, 1865. (Received 4 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Colonel Mulford, who is on good terms with the prisoners he takes back, tells me that proper inducements are not held out to these men at the prison camps to return to our lines and give themselves up after reaching the rebel army. Your last order of the 4th March, with statement that they can go South, have time to see their friends and make arrangements for them to get North, and send for them after reaching our lines, should be sent to the prison camps.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 10, 1865. (Received 4 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The following telegram is just received:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,

March 10, 1865-10.45 a.m.

General TURNER:

Two deserters of the Forty-seventh Alabama just in report that the Union cavalry penetrated into the suburbs of Manchester yesterday. Our own pickets heard firing in that direction yesterday morning. A report prevails that the union cavalry have destroyed two bridges between Burkeville and Richmond on the Danville road. There are but two-Flat Creek and Mattoax. Sheridan is reported to be in Lynchburg. Gary was sent off in big hurry yesterday to the other side of Richmond with all the cavalry he could raise, which cannot be much.

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

MARCH 10, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

City Point:

Twenty-three deserters in from the enemy since my last report.

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

FORT MAGRUDER, March 10, 1865.

Major PETER S. MICHIE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the James:

The dispositions made by General Ludlow are sufficient to prevent a dash into town. A line above the town would be six times the length

