
that far. I have had no opposition; everybody is bewildered by our movements. I have had no news of any kind since I left, the latest Richmond paper was of the 4th, but contained nothing.

I omitted to mention that the bridges on the railroad from Swoope's Depot, on the other side of Staunton, to Charlottesville were utterly destroyed, also all bridges for a distance of ten miles on the Gordonsville railroad.

The weather has been very bad indeed; raining hard every day, with the exception of four days, since we started. My wagons have, from the state of the roads, detained me. Up to the present time we have captured 14 pieces of artillery-11 at Waynesborough and 3 at Charlottesville. The party that I sent back from Waynesborough started with six pieces, but they were obliged to destroy two of the six for want of animals. The remaining nine pieces were thoroughly destroyed. We have captured, up to the present time, 12 canal-boats laden with supplies, ammunition, rations, medical stores, &amp;c.

I cannot speak in two high terms of Generals Merritt, Custer, and Devin, and the officers and men of their commands; they have waded through mud and water during this continuous rain, and are all in fine spirits and health.

Commodore Hollins, of the rebel navy, was shot near Gordonsville while attempting to make his escape from our advance in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 7. Columbia, Va., March 10, 1865.

I. Division commanders will require a thorough inspection of the arms and ammunition of their respective commands, and report immediately the result of such inspection. Any deficiency will be at once supplied.

II. The commanding officer of the Third Division will send strong scouting parties on all roads leading in from the left flank (north) to go as far as the chopped road,

By command of Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,March 10, 1865.

Major-General MERRITT,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Scouting parties sent out this morning on Richmond and Palmyra roads have returned. The party on Richmond road found the rebel pickets some fourteen miles out; charged over them, capturing four men, one a private in Fourth Virginia Cavalry, two artillerymen, and a farmer. The party was a small one, and the officer in command, meeting a squadron of at least fifty men, whom he saw, thought best to retire. The negroes reported a camp at Goochland, but the officer could get no

