HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., January 10, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Commanding Middle Military Division:

The men arrested all claim to be privates in a Maryland regiment (rebel). The person who gave the information which led to their capture, and who knows them, says they are Mosby's men, and that two or three of them are officers, one a captain. This person is now absent on an important mission. As soon as he returns the matter will be investigated. The intention was to run a train off the track and rob the passengers. The detective was unable to reach me in time, and therefore gave the information to General Wallace's troops. Have you decided yet about the cavalry regiment coming to the Potomac?

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,January 10, 1865

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Commanding Separate Brigade, Fairfax Court-House:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you establish at Freedom Hill a post to be garrisoned by one company of heavy artillery, to be taken from the present garrison at Prospect Hill. The post should be assigned to the command of the senior officer at Vienna. The company should move early on the morning of the 11th of January.

Very respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Cumberland, Md., January 10, 1865.

Colonel JACOB HIGGINS,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Infantry Division,

Department of West Virginia, New Creek, W. Va.:

COLONEL: You will send a scout of 200 men in command of a reliable officer, up the valley of the North Fork via Petersburg to the Mouth of Seneca. The detachment will take ten days' rations of hard bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, and will rely upon the county for beef and forage. When cattle and forage are taken for the use of the troops vouchers conditional on proof of loyalty must be given by the proper officer, and the same reported to the assistant quartermaster and commissary of subsistence on the return of the expedition. The officer in command will open communication with Captain Boggs, of State troops, near the Mouth of Seneca, and be governed in his action during his scout by information he may receive from him and others. If he deems it advisable after consulting with Captain Boggs, he will call to his assistance all the State troops in Pendleton County and attack the rebel force at or near Franklin. The detachment will return at the expiration of ten days. The officer will be directed to keep you advised

