
of his movements from time to time. The commanding officer will also be directed to ascertain, from consultation with Captain Boggs and other prominent citizens, whether there are in Pendleton County and within reach citizens of succession proclivities who have been known to give aid and comfort or information to the rebels and if so to arrest and bring in from two to six of the most prominent, that they may be held as hostages for Union political prisoners.

The foregoing is by direction, of Brevet Major-General Kelley.

I am, very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEAMER McCLELLAN,

Beaufort, N. C. January 11, 1865.

DEAR RAWLINS: We had a very violent gale all day yesterday, which now is over, and the admiral proposes to start to-night. We are to land where we did before, the navy taking charge of the debarkation and the admiral says he can put the whole force ashore in an hour. He is rather too sanguine about most things, and we shall do well if we are all ashore in three or four hours from the commencement. In case there is nothing to prevent an assault the admiral proposes making one in boats on the sea front at the same time we try it on the land front. I trust we may have good weather now, for the fleet of transports now is down to five days' coal, no more having arrived, and bad weather would force them to come back here and wait for it. I see the papers state that a privateer ran out from Wilmington on the night of December 25, and the admiral says the iron-clad they had is sunk, and that now there is nothing inside. I trust this is so, for it will be a great convenience to have them of the way. I wrote to General Palmer, asking about the rebs having a force at Kinston, but have received no reply yet. Now, if you will quit swearing for two days and pray half as hard, I think we'll have good weather and good luck.

Yours, very truly,

C. B. COMSTOCK.

CITY POINT, January 11, 1865.

(Received 5.45 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding:

General Grant desires that you will please send General Williams down. The order in the case will be sent you to-morrow.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 11, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY.

Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to request that Bvt. Major General A. S. Webb,

brigadier-general volunteer service, who has returned to this army after

