
III. The division with which the train marches will be held responsible for the safety of the train; also, that the animals of the train are well supplied with forage.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 8. Columbia, Va., March 11, 1865.

The command will march to-morrow morning-the Third Division, General Custer, at 5 o'clock, to Frederick's Hall Station, on the Central railroad, and the First Division, with the train, at 6 o'clock, to Louisa Court-Hosue, via Yanceyville. The Third Division on its arrival at Frederick's Hall Station will commence the destruction of the railroad in the direction of Richmond. If the South Anna should be too high to ford the division will move on the river road on the south side of the South Anna to Yanceyville, where it will be crossed on the pontoon bridge. All the roads leading from Richmond and intersecting the road to Frederick's Hall Station must be closely watched and strong scouting parties sent well out on them. The command must move well closed up and with great caution. The division moving to Frederick's Hall Station must keep up communication with the division on the Louisa Court-House road during the march and establish communications after its arrival at its destination, reporting at all times anything of interest which may be ascertained. Immediately on his arrival at Frederick's Hall Station General Custer will send a force well out on the railroad toward Richmond to break the track.

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,March 11, 1865.

Major E. H. BAILEY,

Provost-Marshal, Cavalry Headquarters:

MAJOR: In compliance with orders received from cavalry headquarters I send a report of captured property and property destroyed by First Cavalry Division as far as can be obtained at present, the Second Brigade being absent from command.

Captured: 51 prisoners, 131 horses, 42 mules.

Destroyed: 11 flour mills, 1 saw-mill, 1 cotton mill, 1 woolen factory, 1 candle factory, 1 plow and wagon factory, 1 machine-shop, 1 forge, 41 bridges, 29 canal-locks, 15 tons tobacco, 130 hogsheads tobacco, 1,000 pounds candles, 6 tobacco warehouses, 750 bushels of wheat, 1 wooden aqueduct on James River Canal, 1 iron bridge on the Virginia Central Railroad at Waynesborough, 58 bales cotton, 2 railroad cars, 2 miles of railroad track effectually destroyed, 1 lumber yard, 19 canal-locks, 5 canal-boats, 400 barrels flour, 100 wagons, ambulances, forges, caissons, &amp;c.

Captured by Third Division at Waynesborough, Va.: 7,500 pounds wool, 300 pounds bacon, 200 pounds cotton yarn, 100 pounds sugar, 3 kegs, nails, 2 kegs soda, 4 bales cotton cloth.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

