HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Goochland Court-House, March 11, 1865.

Major-General MERRITT,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The brigade reached here at 2 p.m., having seen nothing on the road but a few scouts. I have got two regiments destroying the locks between here and Columbia, and have ordered them to return to the latter place when they have finished their work. There are but two store-houses here, which I shall burn. There are no mills or factories. We found about fifty rebel soldiers here, who were driven out by our advance guard. From all I can learn from negroes and the inhabitants, Fitz Lee is across the James River near Manakin Ford, and Pickett's command had reached Richmond and was about to march in this direction to take Early's place. I have sent a strong scouting party straight out on Richmond road, and hope to get valuable information. I shall return to camp to-night at Columbia, unless I receive orders to the contrary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. L. FITZHUGH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

The fifty men who were here belonged to Gary's brigade, which is composed of Seventh South Carolina, Twenty-fourth Virginia, Seventh Georgia, and the Hampton Legion, all cavalry. We took one prisoner from Seventh South Carolina Cavalry. This party left Richmond last night, and left Gary's brigade there. The prisoner says Fitzhugh Lee is south of the James, near Cartersville.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 11, 1865.

(Received 2.25 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

A deserter from Rosser's brigade came in this morning. He left Mount Jackson day before yesterday, and traveled all the way on the Valley pike, meeting no force of the enemy. He reports that the last he heard of Sheridan was that on Tuesday or Wednesday he destroyed the tunnels near Waynesborough, and captured a train of cars loaded with conscripts. He saw one of the men who escaped from the train. He heard of nothing to show that any part of Sheridan's force was returning. Says that Rosser has hardly 300 men, and does not think his command will come together again. I have a cavalry force up as far as Mount Jackson, which ought to be back to-night with some news. All the streams are very high.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 11, 1865-3 p.m.

(Received 3.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

A deserter who has just come in left his home five miles this side of Harrisonburg yesterday. He heard nothing of Sheridan, except a report that he was last heard from at Gordonsville.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

