
about two weeks ago going toward Goldsborough. Roberts' brigade about 1,500 strong. Both officers and soldiers are of the opinion that they are whipped, and are delighted at Sherman's success. Have heard that Early has been badly whipped. The Weldon railroad destroyed by us has been temporarily repaired, and trains are running over it up to the old saw-mill about two miles this side of Stony Creek Station. They report grain plenty, but long forage scarce.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,March 12, 1865. (Received 11.45 a.m.)

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the past twenty-four hours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,March 12, 1865-7 p.m.

Major-General WEBB:

Five deserters from Eighteenth North Carolina just in. One, a sergeant, says that Mahone's division is the only force that has lately moved from this side of Appomattox; that Gordon's troops are still on their right; that two deserters from our lines came in last night and reported that we were to charge at daylight this morning through a vacant place in their lines where was an undulation formerly, but which is now drained by the bursting of the dam, and that in consequence Lane's brigade had been moved to occupy to space and McGowan's stretched out to complete the line. No news from Sherman in their camp, and none from Sheridan beyond what we have already heard.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 12, 1865. (Received 10.15 a.m.)

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing unusual has transpired along our lines during the past twenty-four hours.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

MARCH 12, 1865.

Major-General ORD:

From a refugee deserter who left Richmond Wednesday I learn that Sheridan captured Gordonsville and destroyed a large railroad bridge near that place.

B. C. LUDLOW,

Commanding Post.

