
NORFOLK, March 12, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have the honor to report that an expedition I sent to Murfree's Depot under Colonel Lewis, of the Third New York Cavalry, reports to-day that he destroyed fifty bales of cotton, burned the depot, warehouse, and other buildings, and was in waiting for another train en route with cotton for the same place. Deserters have reported of late that large amounts of cotton were coming into Murfree's Depot for United States Government, to be shipped from Edenton. I send this direct as I understand General Ord is in Washington.

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Eastern Virginia.

CITY POINT, VA., March 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel O. E. BABCOCK,

Aide-de-Camp:

You will proceed without delay to the Potomac River and find the expedition that left here under Colonel S. H. Roberts. Having found Colonel Roberts you will deliver to him the dispatches to his address and urge upon him to lose no time in carrying out the instructions contained in them. Order the army gun-boats with the expedition to continue with and to remain subject to the orders of Colonel Roberts. You will also request the navy gun-boats now with the expedition to continue with it. One hundred thousand rations for men and horses are ordered from here to White House for the command of General Sheridan. Colonel Roberts will draw from this supply. Request the naval commander at Fort Monroe to send two more gun-boats as a convoy to these supplies. You might mention to him at the same time the subject of ordering the boats now with Colonel Roberts to remain with him. Direct that the vessels with the forage and rations go as high up York River as it is safe to go, without any delay. They will then remain until the expedition under Colonel Roberts arrives, when they will proceed under his orders. As soon as you Colonel Roberts fairly under way embarking his troops return to Fort Monroe and ascertain whether the rations and forage have started; if not, give such directions as may be necessary to start them, and proceed on up with the expedition, and remain with it until you see General Sheridan. If you find he is in want of anything take immediate steps to provide it, telegraphing here for the necessary orders.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 12, 1865.

Colonel S. H. ROBERTS,

Commanding Expedition:

Immediately on receipt of this you will embark your command and proceed up the York and Pamunkey Rivers to the White House, taking with you all your infantry. Your cavalry may be returned to its place on the James. It is expected that General Sheridan with a large force of cavalry will arrive at the White House near the same time with you; if he does not you will remain there until he arrives. Take with you the army gun-boats accompanying your expedition, and also request

