
an absence of several months on account of a wound received in battle, may be assigned to duty according to his brevet rank. I have appointed General Webb temporary chief of my staff, but it is my intention to assign him to the command of a division at an early day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 17. Washington, January 11, 1865

* * * * * *

42. Bvt. Brigadier General H. J. Madill, U. S. Volunteers, is, by direction of the President, hereby assigned to duty according to his brevet rank. He will report in person to Brevet Major-General Miles, commanding First Division, Second Army Corps, for assignment to the command of a brigade.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 9. City Point, Va., January 11, 1865.

I. Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, will, with competent officers of his own selection, at once relieve from duty and return to their respective commands all officers on duty as provost-marshals or assistant provost-marshals within the Department Army of the James, excepting those on duty with corps, divisions, and brigades in the field. He will also cause an immediate inspection to be made of all prisons and places where persons are confined in said department and army, and the case of each person confined in such prisons carefully investigated and inquired into. He will promptly discharge all persons found to be improperly confined in any of the prisons, under such restrictions as he may deem proper. He will report the execution of this order to these headquarters.

II. Brigadier General S. Williams, U. S. Volunteers, commanding adjutant-general, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty with the Army, is hereby relieved from with the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person to these headquarters for orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 11. January 11, 1865.

* * * * * *

7. The leave of absence granted to Major General G. K. Warren, volunteer service, by Special Orders, Numbers 356, of December 31, 1864, from these headquarters is extended five days.

8. Bvt. Major General A. S. Webb, of volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, is assigned to duty for the present as chief of staff to major-general commanding.

