HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,On the march, March 12, 1865.

Major-General MERRITT,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: In addition to the information sent you yesterday from Goochland Court-House I have the honor to send the following: On entering the town the advance was disputed by about fifty rebels, whom Major Dinnin, of the Ninth New York, charged and pursued with one squadron, capturing a lieutenant and 13 men. The testimony of these men, several of whom were examined separately, was all to the same effect. They belonged to the Seventh South Carolina Cavalry, Gary's brigade, and all seemed to think Fitzhugh Lee's division was on the south side the James and somewhere opposite Columbia. The inhabitants at Goochland had the same idea. Captain Donehoo, whom I sent out from Goochland Court-House on Richmond road with fifty men, returned late last night. He went about seven miles beyond Goochland, but saw no enemy. He destroyed three canal-boats laden with tobacco. The hands on one of these boats were all negroes, and had left Richmond the day before. They report a large body of infantry and cavalry moving up the James River from Richmond on south side, and said they expected to be opposite Columbia last night (Saturday).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. L. FITZHUGH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

March 12, 1865.*

Bvt. Major General G. A. CUSTER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the colors captured from the enemy by the First and Third Cavalry Division in the recent engagements be sent to these headquarters, in the hands of the captors, at 6 a.m. to-morrow, for the purpose of their being sent to Washington. Each flag will be neatly labeled, as required by circular from these headquarters of the 6th instant.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,March 12, 1865-3.30 p.m.

General MERRITT,

Chief of Cavalry:

I found the ford on the main road impassable. My advance has just crossed at a good ford three miles and a half above-at a ford called Carpenter's Ford. It is twelve miles from this point to Fredercik's Hall Station. I have marched twenty-seven miles. The entire march to Frederick's Hall will be thirty-nine miles. The road is generally good, with some extremely bad places. I may not reach Frederick's Hall with the whole command, as the battery marches but slowly, and is now not closed up. One brigade will certainly go to Frederick's

---------------

*The correct date is April 12, 1865.

---------------

