
Hall, and I will try and cut the railroad as far down as Bumpass Station. If the roads are good from this point my whole command will reach Frederick's Hall to-night. No enemy has been seen until we reached this point, where we saw about twenty cavalry, who disappeared. Early, with 300 of Wickham's men, passed Thompson's Cross-Roads at 8 a.m. to-day, inquiring the road to Gum Spring. He stopped to take a "snack" at Thompson's Cross-Roads. He came from the direction of Louisa Court-House, but citizens at this point (Carpenter's Ford) report that he and party crossed at this ford. I hear no news. The cars stopped running on the Central railroad last Friday. Forage in scarce in this country. Captain Sheridan and Lieutenant Allen will remain with me to-night.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,March 12, 1865.

Colonel PENNINGTON,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that your order two regiments of your command to commence destroying the railroad between Frederick's Hall and Louisa Court-House at daylight to-morrow morning. Reveille will be sounded at 5 o'clock and the entire command will be saddled immediately after.

By command of Brevet Major-General Custer:

L. W. BARNHART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, March 12, 1865.

(Received 2.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A scouting party has just returned from Mount Jackson. They could get nothing but rumors, the most reliable of which is that Sheridan crossed the James River at Hardwicksville; time not known. It is also said that he captured two trains near Gordonsville, containing in all about 2,300 men. If this is so he has sent them up the other side of the Ridge. I have had frequent reports of firing in the direction of Page Valley last week, and have sent a cavalry force to Warrenton and Sperryville to assist any that may be coming in that direction.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., March 12, 1865.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is reported, and I think true, that there is a party of guerrillas, about thirty, on the north side of the Little River pike, near Newman's house. They are said to be in the woods. The place is about one mile

