
from Goodwin's Tavern, toward Fairfax, and about one mile north of the pike. Newcomb, of Mosby's party, is with them. This information has been furnished Colonel Gamble. A report comes from three of the picket-posts in direction of Accotink that cannonading has been heard to-day in a southwesterly direction.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Provost-Marshal-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., March 12, 1865.

(Received 9.10 p.m.)

Colonel TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch is just received from Fairfax Court-House:

The patrol between Prospect Hill and Vienna was attacked. Loss, 2 men killed, 5 wounded, and some horses.

G. R. MAGUIRE,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

It is reported by people from the country that Kershaw's and Pickett's division have gone to Louisa Court-House. They arrived there on the 9th instant from Richmond.

H. H. WELLS,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Defenses South of the Potomac.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., March 12, 1865-1.30 p.m.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

COLONEL: Colonel Gallupe reports that Colonel Sweitzer, with 358 cavalry, started at 9 a.m. for Waterford and vicinity to look after Mosby's conscripting parties.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEPARATE BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., March 12, 1865-6.30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

COLONEL: The patrol of one officer, sergeant, and twenty men, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, was attacked by guerrillas at 1 p.m. about two miles beyond Vienna, this side of Peach Grove stockade. Lieutenant Cuyler was with the party, and reports by signal from Vienna 2 men killed, 5 wounded, 6 horses killed, and 1 wounded. The balance of the patrol came into Vienna. A detailed report will be sent so soon as received. I have ordered a squadron from Prospect Hill to march through the woods one mile west on the flank of the daily patrol until the cavalry now out returns, when the country in front will be swept

