
Major-General Brooke, who will arrive at Harper's Ferry to-morrow. The cars leaving Benwood contain the One hundred and forty-fourth Indiana. It is not known what troops are going east through Cumberland nor what troops are coming from the east. If the troops from the east are ordered to this division send them out to Halltown.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, &amp;c.
HDQRS. SECOND INFTY. DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 12, 1865.

Major R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request that your order the following named detachments, belonging to regiments in the command west of Sleepy Creek, but serving east of that point, to be relieved by General Stevenson, and directed to report to their respective regimental commanders for duty, viz: One company Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, stationed at Kearneysville, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, regimental headquarters at Sir John's Run, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. One company of same regiment stationed at Van Clevesville, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. A squad of Twenty-second Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, under command of Sergt. J. W. Elwood, serving at Martinsburg, W. Va., at headquarters Brigadier-General Seward; regimental headquarters at New Creek, W. Va.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp Averell, Va., March 12, 1865.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 9th of March I received a detail from headquarters Second Cavalry Division, Middle Military Division, to take charge of a detail of 530 men-430 from First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, and 100 Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Pursuant to instructions from General Torbert I proceeded with my command to Woodstock and bivouacked. Took up the line of march at 6 a.m. and reached Edenburg at 8 a.m. Crossed the bridge and moved to within three miles of Mount Jackson, found no enemy in force, and learned there was none this side of Staunton, where General Rosser's command was assembling. I returned by the Back road, picked up ten prisoners and three deserters, viz: William B. Crawford, Company B, Second Foreign Battalion; William D. Stout, clerk in hospital at Staunton, and J. H. Slasher, hospital steward, general hospital, Harrisonburg. They all report General Sheridan will cross the James River, and on his way to join General Grant's army. There was quite a number of rumors, both regarding General Sheridan and General Sherman, to the effect that General Sheridan had been repulsed at Gordonsville, losing 1,500 prisoners, and again, that was contradicted, and asserted that General Sheridan had captured two railroad trains, one having on board 500 paroled prisoners, which he released-the other had 1,800 exchanged prisoners. The trains were burned; also, nearly

60 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

