
all the bridges on the Virginia Central Railroad from Charlottesville to Lynchburg. Putting all information and rumors together, I judged that General Sheridan crossed the James River at Scottsville and was going, when last heard from in the direction of Burkeville. It was rumored that General Sherman had been defeated, losing 20,000 prisoners-however, the rebels themselves did not credit the report, but hoped it was true. On my return I bivouacked at Strasburg the night of the 11th of March. Marched the next morning and reached Winchester about 1 p.m. Sunday.

I have no casualties to report. Two horses were wounded at Edenburg by some party who fired on the rear guard. Two men who fell out of the column to get a horse shod were picked up by the rebels, their arms and horses taken from them, and then released. I left one wounded rebel on the road. One of my men was wounded accidentally.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. OTIS,

Major, Commanding Twenty-first New York Cavalry.

CITY POINT, VA., March 13, 1865.

(Received 3.45 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following items are taken from to-day's Richmond papers:*

FROM THE VALLEY.

We alluded in our last issue to a movement that was being made for the purpose of recapturing our prisoners who were taken from Early in the recent fight near Waynesborough, and who were being conducted under guard to Winchester. The following official dispatch tells of it:

"HEADQUARTERS, March 9, 1865.

"Honorable JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

"Secretary of War:

"General Rosser reports that on the 6th with a few of his men he attacked the enemy near Harrisonburg, who were guarding prisoners taken at Waynesborough, and captured a few prisoners. On the morning of the 7th he again attacked them near Rude's Hill, having detained them for a day and night at the river. He caused them to retire in haste, abandoning the only piece of artillery they had and their ambulance. He annoyed them a good deal and enabled a good many of our men to escape.

"R. E. LEE,

"General."

The Northern papers claim to have captured about 1,000 prisoners in the fight with Early, and report that most of this number had reached Winchester.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 13, 1865-2.30 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Sheridan is reported to be within five miles of Richmond this morning. His route from Goochlad would bring him within about that distance of the city, and I think, therefore, the rumor may be correct.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*For portion here omitted, see Vol. XLVII.

---------------

