
9. Major William R. Driver, assistant adjutant-general, having reported to these headquarters in accordance, with paragraph 52of Special Orders, Numbers 476, of December 31, 1864, from the War Department, is assigned to duty with Bvt. General G. Mott, commanding Third Division, Second Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,January 11, 1865-10.25 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No changes in the disposition of this command since last report.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,January 11, 1865-12.50 p.m.

Colonel DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

Colonel Hazard, chief of artillery, reports to me that the parapets of all the redoubts require some repair as well as the magazines; that the magazines of Forts Fisher and Welch must be rebuilt-the first entirely, the second chiefly; the first is already provided for; the second, and the repairs generally of the works, Colonel Hazard, can assign artillery officers to attend to if you will have a non-commissioned officer ordered to report to him for each of the works in the front and rear line to see that the details of the works are properly attended. An engineer officer might take the general charge of all. If, however, you prefer the engineer, officers to take the matter in exclusive charge let me know, I have not yet received from the division commanders the reports respecting the condition of the entrenchments held by them. I have sent for that of the First Division, but as there is some delay in receiving it I do not wait longer. I understand one has gone forward to your office.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,January 11, 1865.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to request that Bvt. Brigadier General John Ramsey, colonel Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, may be assigned to the command of the Fourth Brigade, First Division of this corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

