
letters for General Lee, and request you will give the necessary orders for a flag of truce at the usual place of communication, so that there will be no delay.

F. T. DENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT INDIGOES, MD., March 13, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point, Va.:

COLONEL: I regret to report that my expedition to the Northern Neck has not been very successful so far. I find the enemy in stronger force than I expected and superior in cavalry and a perfect knowledge of the country. I can march through the country with my present force, but I should probably lose a good many men, and it would take several days more time. In view of the probable results I do not feel justified in losing the men and time, without further instructions. I think the expedition should be stronger in cavalry and have a little light artillery. My command is now on transports, and I shall proceed to Point Lookout and wait for instructions from the lieutenant-general by telegraph. The Neck is pretty well stripped of horses and beef-cattle, but there is a good deal of small left yet. If the lieutenant-general directs me to continue my operations I propose to land at Cone River. I shall be at Point Lookout in about two hours' time. My casualties are 1 officer and 5 men wounded. Send answer to Point Lookout.

S. H. ROBERTS,

Colonel 139th New York Infantry Volunteers, Commanding Expedition.

CITY POINT, March 13, 1865-11.15 a.m.

Colonel S. H. ROBERTS,

Point Lookout, Md.:

I have sent an officer of my staff with instructions to you. Start immediately and run into York River and await your instructions. The officer who went in search of your command left Fort Monroe early this morning in steamer Seneca, and will run in close to the Virginia shore from the mouth of the Rappahannock until he finds you. You may keep your cavalry with you until you join General Sheridan, and then send it back here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 13, 1865.

(Received 2.35 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Information is received from Charleston, W. Va., to the effect that McCausland, with about 1,800 me collected at Lewisburg and Union, was to move after Sheridan Tuesday lat. They were detained by high water from moving earlier. A rebel colonel came into the lines at Charleston yesterday, and says 200 of his regiment re in the mountains and will come in.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

