
HARPER'S FERRY, March 13, 1865.

General MORGAN:

I arrived here at 2 p.m.; got your orders. Will go to Halltown and organize as rapidly as possible. Only Bird's regiment and the One hundred and forty-fourth Indiana are here. The Ohio regiment will be here to-night. I will be at General Stevenson's headquarters for to-night.

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Brevet Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 13, 1865.

Brigadier General C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Winchester, Va.:

The following telegram received from Colonel Oley is sent for your information:

CHARLESTON, W. VA., March 11, 1865.

Major KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of West Virginia:

Telegram of 5th received yesterday; those of 8th to-day. Line just opened. Continued storms. Started messenger for Cumberland with messages; has returned. Received information this morning that McCausland's brigade, consisting of Sixteenth, Seventeenth, and Twenty-second Virginia Cavalry, about 1,000 strong, was at Lewisburg on the 6th. Derrick's, Edgard's, Sweeney's, and Witcher's battalions, and Twenty-second Virginia Infantry at Union and Narrows, numbering perhaps 800 men. Part expected to move Tuesday; high water prevented them moving earlier against General Sheridan. Will know the changes in day or two. Colonel Corns, rebel officer, came in yesterday. Can I use my discretion in allowing any deserters and refugees to remain in valley on petition of their loyal neighbors. Corns says that 200 of his regiment are in mountains, and will come in if not sent away from their families.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, March 13, 1865.

Major R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts of Seventh West Virginia Veteran Cavalry, under Captain Walton, just returned from Wert, &amp;c. They scouted the counties of Wert, Calhoun, Jackson, and Ripley. Traveled nearly 250 miles in six days. There have not been over seventy-five armed rebels in those counties. Seventeen rebels took Elizabeth. My party killed 2, wounded 2, and brought in Lieutenant Pomeroy and 4 men of the party who captured Elizabeth. I think the gangs well broken up. Loss, none.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 14, 1865-12 noon.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington:

I would like to have General Benham ordered to take the place vacated by the capture of General Kelley. He can be spared from here, and he knows that country.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

61 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

