
Court-House, leaving no one at Stony Creek. The former picket-line is still held. These men did not know where they were going, or the object of the movement. The signal officer reports a brigade of infantry of nine regiments as passing this morning on the Cox road, going into Petersburg. It may be that Rodes' division, hitherto at Sutherland's Station, which deserters last night said was to relieve Johnson in front of Ninth Corps, is moving in for that purpose, and W. H. F. Lee's cavalry have been sent to hold the extreme right about Sutherland's Station, or it may be they are concentrating the cavalry to meet anticipated movements of Sheridan. I forward dispatch of provost-marshal, with information obtaine dfrom twenty-four deserters who have come in this morning.*

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-GEneral.

CITY POINT, VA., March 14, 1865.

(Received 3.05 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Stop all exchanges of papers on the lines, unless we get the latest dates published for those of the latest dates received from the North.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Same to General Ord.)

Commanding OFFICERS NINTH, SIXTH, FIFTH, AND SECOND CORPS:

The general commanding sends you the above for your information and guidance.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 14, 1865-10 p.m.

Lieutenant-GEneral GRANT:

GENERAL: No movement of the enemy has been noted to-day, except that previously reported, namely a column of nine regiments moving into Petersburg from the enemy's extreme right, on the Cox road. Two deserters have just come in from Wise's brigade, who state that Wallace's brigade, Johnson's division, was relieved last night by a brigade of Gordon's division, and that Wise is to be relieved to-night. It was reported that Johnson and Gordon were changing places. To-day about 11 a.m. an officer and orderly in our uniform are reported to have ridden out the Halifax road, and, passing outside of our picket-line, to have gone over to the enemy. The officers was mistaken by the pickets whom he passed as the division officer of the day. On reaching the rebel lines they were dismounted and marched off under guard. It is impossible to say whether these men were deserters who had stolen horses or bold rebel scouts disguised in our uniform. The affair will be thoroughly investigated, and any responsible parties found guilty punished.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Schuyler to Meade, 2.15 p.m., p.966.

---------------

