
VI. Brigadier General R. S. Mackenzie, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the Sixth Corps, Army of the Potomac, and will report in person to Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding Department of Virginia, for assignment to command of the Cavalry Corps, Army of the James.

VII. Bvt. Brigadier General G. H. McKibbin, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the Ninth Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, and will report in person without delay to Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding Department of Virginia, for assignment to duty in the Army of the James.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 14, 1865.

The commanding general directs you to hold your command in readiness to move at very short notice with the maximum amount of supplies authorized by existing orders. The wagons need not to be kept loaded, but under your direction each subordinate commander will see that the supplies are on hand ready to load immediately upon the receipt of orders. Should a movement be made it is intend to evacuate all the lines now held west of the Jerusalem plank road. The chief of artillery will accordingly make arrangements for the disposition of the surplus artillery over and above the amount taken by each corps. All sutlers, camp followers, and others now allowed with the army, but who are not permitted to move with it, will be sent to the rear upon the receipt of this and without further orders. Special orders will be given prior to any movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To all corps commanders, commanding officers Second Cavalry Division and Engineer Brigade, and chiefs of staff corps.)

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 14, 1865.

In anticipation of a movement of this army, the following is announced for the government of all concerned:

First. The present line of works west of Fort Davis will be abandoned.

Second. The Ninth Corps will hold the line from the Appomattox to Fort Davis and the return to the left from this point. This corps will be prepared to move with the same amount of supplies and ammunition as hereinafter specified for the other three. The surplus artillery within this line will be sent to City Point and its defenses when the corps shall be ordered to move.

Third. The Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps will be prepared to move with fifty rounds of ammunition, and four days' rations with the men. Of these four days' rations, three days' beef on the hoof will be driven in division herds, one day's salt meat, four days' hard bread, coffee, sugar, and three days' salt will be carried on the persons of the men. Eighth days' hard bread, coffee, sugar, and salt will be carried in the

