
division supply train. Ten days' beef on the hoof will, if practicable, be driven in each corps herd. The ten days' beef on the hoof for each corps herd will be moved up from City Point on orders received from the chief commissary of the army. Animals will be foraged for eight days.

Fourth. The Engineer Brigade, exclusive of Colonel Spaulding's command, will be in readiness to move with their proportional allowance as hereinbefore specifically allotted to each corps, and will await further orders. The regular engineers, Colonel Spauling's command, and engineer trains will be in readiness to move under the orders of the chief engineer, with its proportional allowance as hereinafter specifically given to each corps.

Fifth. That part of the Provisional Brigade now at these headquarters will be governed by similar instructions to those hereinbefore given for the Engineer Brigade.

Sixth. The Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps will take with them nine four-gun batteries each, the caissons of reduced six-gun batteries to be retained with them. The allowance of artillery ammunition with the corps will be 270 rounds per gun. When the corps move the surplus batteries will be sent to report to Brevet Brigadier-General Tidball, chief of artillery, Ninth Corps, who will order such as he does not need to within the City Point line to report to the commanding officer Reserve Artillery.

Seventh. Sutlers and all camp followers not allowed on the march will be ordered at once to the rear. Clerks and detached men not specially required in the quartermaster and commissary departments will be sent to City Point.

Eighth. All sick in field hospitals will be at once removed to the Depot Field Hospital, City Point, under the directions of the medical director to the army.

Ninth. The commanding officer of the cavalry division will prepare it to move at short notice, with such ammunition, forage, and rations as will be hereafter ordered.

Tenth. The chief signal officer and chief telegraph operator will notify their subordinates to be prepared to move with the respective headquarters to which they may be attached.

Eleventh. The chief quartermaster of the army will issue such orders in regard to the excess of transportation over that allowed by Special Orders, No. 37, 1865, headquarters Armies of the United States, promulgated in General Orders, No. 9, current series, from these headquarters, as will ensure its being at once turned in at City Point. All surplus baggage will forthwith be sent for storage to City Point.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. G. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officers Second, Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Corps, Second Cavalry Division, Engineer Brigade, and chiefs of staff corps.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 14, 1865-11.05 a.m.

Major-General PARKE:

Deserters have reported that to-day changes are to be made in the positions of some of the rebel divisions. In front of Ninth Corps Johnson's

