
division is now reported in line and ready to move. They are distinctly seen by signal officer. This may indicate something other than a change of divisions, and the general commanding directs me to give you this information.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-Generals Wright and Humphreys.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 14, 1865.

Division and other independent commanders are directed to see that their commands remain in their respective camps ready to be under arms at any moment.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

SEPT. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: In compliance with indorsement from headquarters Second Army Corps, March 7, 1865, upon a communication calling attention to need of an increase of rations, I have the honor to submit the following: The rations would be ample if fully issued, but for the past month but a small portion of the vegetables allowed has been issued-potatoes about one-third, onions about one-eighth-and this while every facility exists for furnishing them. The ration is sufficient with the exception of bread and vegetables. An over-issue of meat will not compensate for this deficiency of bread. I find also that when engaged in night work or night marches, the troops consume nearly as much rations as in the daytime, and therefore think that an extra half ration (if not a full one) should be issued to them on all such occasions. There has been much complaint in this division because of the scarcity of rations, and, although no extra issue has been made, I am fully satisfied that an increase in the ration of one-quarter of a pound of bread is imperatively necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY. Brigadier, 2nd ARMY CORPS, No. 46. March 14, 1865.

I. The officers and men of the brigade will remain in camp and battery commanders will hold their commands in readiness to move at a moment's notice, but will not hitch and harness.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard:

U. D. EDDY,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

