
MARCH 14, 1865-11.45 a.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY DIVISION:

The general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at short notice.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 14, 1865-3.10 p.m.

Major-General DAVIES,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding desires to see you at once.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,March 14, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the fact that the supply of fresh vegetables and antiscorbutic furnished to this command is entirely insufficient to preserve the health of the men or to place them in proper condition for a severe campaign. From reports of the medical officers of this command I learn that several well-developed cases of scurvy have recently occurred, and they report that among the men there is generally a low state of health and predisposition to disease, resulting from continued living upon salt provisions and the absence of vegetables. The commissary department estimates, at each issue, for vegetables, but for the past month they have been obtained only in such small quantities as to be of little or no service. As, at this time, when the opening of a campaign is daily expected, it is of the highest importance to have the men in fine physical condition, I would urge that, if possible, some means be taken that would give a supply of vegetables adequate, to the wants of the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. DAVIES, Jr.,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,March 14, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

General Gordon, at Norfolk, reports that you have stopped the sale of confiscated land till the Freedman's Bureau is organized. The sale of lands for taxes occurs to-morrow at Norfolk, at which more lands required and occupied by freedmen are to be sold than were to have been sold for taxes. Should not this sale also be differed; or shall I bid in the lands required and occupied by the freedmen, and pay for them from the civil fund in my hands? The sale occurs at 11 a.m. to-morrow. There is still time to act.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

