
There was a right smart scare, and local troops, he thinks, were being sent out. On that same morning I learn from other deserters that the rebels manned their works before daylight for an attack on this front.

E. O. C. ORD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 14, 1865. (Received 4.05 p.m.)

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS:

Fourteen deserters and two refugees from the enemy since my last report.

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 14, 1865. (Received 4.15 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Following from Richmond Whig of to-day:

Men dressed in a little Confederate authority were rushing around yesterday, jumping fences, bursting into stables, peering into the back yards and houses of private residents, in search of horses to impress for some purpose not made public. They preferred violence, and used it. They got few animals not candidates for "horse heaven" except those belonging to market carts and wagons and cavalrymen. Such as they did get it was concluded to return to their owners before the close of the day, either because the number obtained was too trifling to be of any avail, or because the exigency supposed to exist in point of fact existed only in somebody's heated imagination. We would suggest that citizens of Richmond dispense with horses altogether and substitute thereof negroes, with long poles, after the manner of the Chinese Coolies.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 14, 1865.

Major-General ORD:

General Mackenzie is ordered to report to you to take command of the cavalry. Provide an infantry command for Kautz, either under Turner or to take Harris' place, as you deem best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,

March 14, 1865-8.30 p.m. Lieutenant-General GRANT: Gordon reports that his expedition sent to Murfree's Depot might, according to refugee accounts, have gone to Weldon. Perhaps the news of that scout will make the rebels look out for that quarter. If Sumner's cavalry are on their way back I should like to have him take his own cavalry and what he can raise at Portsmouth and try if he can reach Weldon. He may get to the Nottoway and destroy the bridge.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

62 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

