HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 14, 1865.

Bvt. Major General W. MERRITT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have just returned from Taylorsville, where I left General Devin. Two bridges over the South Anna, two over the Little River, and one over the North Anna were burning when I came away. The Fifth U. S. Cavalry charged over the Central railroad bridge (dismounted) and captured three pieces of artillery, driving about seventy-five of the enemy out of their breast-works in splendid style. One of your headquarters scouts, Vanderventer, was killed while charging with the Second Massachusetts Cavalry; no other casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. FORSYTH,

Brevet Colonel, Acting Aide-de-Camp.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, No. 11. Beaver Dam, Va., March 14, 1865.

I. The Third Division (General Custer) will move to-morrow at 6 a.m. to Ashland Station and send an advance on the Fredericksburg railway as far as Royall's Mill-Pond. This advance will destroy the trestle-work at the mill-pond.

II. General Devin will march the two brigades of his division now with him to the point where the Central railway crosses Chump's (or Mechump's) Creek, near Hanover Court-House.

III. General Devin will send a strong advance toward Richmond as far as Atlee's Station, if it is prudent, and will direct it to destroy the railway at the most advanced point gained by it. The First Division will move promptly at 6 a.m. to-morrow.

IV. These headquarters will move to the railway crossing of the South Anna early to-morrow. Frequent reports must be made by division commanders, who will transmit with dispatch all news of importance.

V. The commands and trains will march to-morrow promptly at 4 a.m. Colonel Fitzhugh's brigade will precede the trains, and Colonel Capehart's will follow them as a rear guard.

VI. This column will march, via Taylorsville, on the road pursued by the First Division to-day, to the crossing of the South Anna River, which it will cross on the bridge, if there is one, and if not, ford or pontoon the river. The pontoon train will be marched in advance of the wagon train.

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Two Miles from Ground Squired Bridge,

[March 14, 1865.]-2.20 p.m.

General MERRITT,

Chief of Cavalry:

I have just met a citizen on his way from Richmond. He left the city at 9 a.m. to-day and came by the Brook pike and Louisa road. He reports all quiet along the lines about Richmond. He says there are no troops whatever this side of Richmond, except a very small body

