HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

I would like to have Brigadier-General Egan, brevet major-general, ordered to report to me. I have a number of new regiments to organize into brigades, and have not such commanders as I wish. Where is General Francis Fessenden? If he is disposable, I would like him for a brigade commander.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 14, 1865.

(Received 6.20 p.m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR:

General Hancock directs me to inform you that he has information from several different sources that Mosby and White have collected as large a party as possible at Paris for a raid. They are expected to cross to this side of the Shenandoah; but as it is possible they may visit some part of your line, the general directs this information to be furnished you.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

CAMP SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,

March 14, 1865.

General CHAPMAN,

Commanding Second Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the scout sent out last night in search of a conscripting party said to be somewhere between Stone Bridge and the Shenandoah.

I marched with 100 men at 8 p.m. and proceeded by county roads and through the fields to White Post and Stone Bridge. On arriving at Stone Bridge the houses were searched, but no one was found. The search was continued through every house from Stone Bridge to Millwood and the river. Only one man of the enemy was found, nor were any indications seen of their presence. The citizens reported that there had been no enemy in that vicinity, except occasional squads of three or four men, who crossed from the east side of the river in skiffs and recrossed at night. They also reported that all of Mosby's men were gathering for a raid, to be made as soon as the Shenandoah became fordable (the river is now two feet above fording). This last report seems probable, from the fact that none of Mosby's men living on this side the river were at home. The scout returned by Millwood and Salem Church, bringing in one prisoner and five horses. The houses of Kerfoot and Ware, mentioned in instructions from cavalry headquarters, were searched. I beg leave to call your attention to the fact that in nearly all of the houses searched was found a quantity of U. S. property-saddles, bridles, and clothing. At James Ware's house were eleven Government horses; all the serviceable ones were brought in.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL RUMSEY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

