
to Millwood, to return by way of White Post and the Front Royal road. You will instruct the commander to get what information he can of the enemy's movements and to arrest, if possible, any parties engaged in conscripting. It is reported that there is a considerable amount of Government property in the neighborhood of White Post. The general wishes you to send a wagon along and have the property brought in. No house will be searched, however, except by a party under charge of an officer. No other transportation will be taken with the command. The regiment should be over 300 strong, and should be moved with due precautions to prevent surprise or loss from straggling. It might camp for the night at White Post or Millwood.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, &amp;c.

HARPER'S FERRY, March 14, 1865.

General MORGAN,

Winchester, Va.:

I will leave here to-morrow a.m. at 7 for your headquarters. Please send some conveyance to the depot for me. The One hundred and ninety-first Ohio arrived this a.m.; is in camp near Halltown. Please acknowledge receipt.

JOHN R. BROOKE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,March 14, 1865.

Brigadier General C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Winchester, Va.:

It is reported from several reliable sources that Woodson's company of raiders intend a raid down the Back Creek Valley. They threaten the Union men in that vicinity, among others Mr. Kitchen, a member of the Virginia house of representatives. There are about 100 of them; their intention seems to be to plunder and capture stock. They except to cross the river at or near Little Orleans Station. They will strike near South Mountain. General Carroll has sent a scouting party from New Creek for the Moorefield and Petersburg region, and also one from Philippi. A party from Winchester could cut off these men if they get into the Back Creek Valley, or could disperse them.

Respectfully,

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 50. Baltimore, Md., March 14, 1865.

Passes will not be required from citizens traveling between Baltimore, Annapolis, and the Eastern Shore of Maryland until further orders.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

