
men, and that they asserted they had gone there by mistake. Did I not understand you to say that some arrangement had been made by which such mistakes could be corrected on application?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 15, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

Arrangements were made between Longstreet and Ord for mutual exchange of prisoners captured under circumstances such as you describe, and with my consent. We have delivered some on that arrangement. I do not know that General Lee gave his sanction to it not that we could claim the restoration of captures south of the James River on it. You might address a note to the officer commanding in front of where the capture was made, asking for the return of the two men, so that if refused we will not feel under obligations to return men we may take hereafter under similar circumstances.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

March 15, 1865-5.30 p.m.

Captain J. C. PAINE:

The enemy's forces in our immediate front have undergone no change to-day. There is no indication of my concentration in front of Fort Howard. One hundred and fifty men with full equipments moved toward Petersburg from vicinity of lead-works at 3 p.m. Wagons are continually moving toward and from Petersburg near road west of lead-works.

A. K. [CAROTHERS],

Sergeant, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 38. Washington, March 15, 1865.

Modification of passport order.

The following modification of the President's order concerning passports, published in General Orders, No. 308, of 1864, is promulgated for the information and guidance of all concerned:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, March 8, 1865.

Whereas, pursuant to the order of the President of the United States, directions were issued from this Department, under date of the 17th of December, 1864, requiring passports from all travelers entering the United States, except immigrant passengers directly entering an American port from a foreign country; but whereas, information has recently been received which affords reasonable grounds to except that her Britannic Majesty's Government and the executive and legislative branches of the Government of Canada have taken, and will continue to take, such steps as may be looked for from a friendly neighbor, and will be effectual toward preventing hostile incursions from Canadian territory into the United States, the President

