
BROADWAY LANDING, March 15, 1865.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding City Point Defenses:

Doubtless through some mistake marching orders have been given to Captain Gilbert's company from your headquarters. This company is assigned to my command of Siege Artillery, and have much ordnance which they, of course, can not and ought not to have. Like my batteries serving with the different corps, they are not expected to move with these corps. Please let me know if this is your understanding so that I may refer it at once to army headquarters.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CITY POINT, VA., March 15, 1865.

General ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

I know of no such orders to Captain Gilbert but if he should be called away I should expect, if he were not replaced, the artillery defense of my lines was to be abandoned. I sent Captain Gilbert, as all of my command, extracts from the general orders from army headquarters about rations.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

NORFOLK, March 15, 1865-12 m.

General ORD,

Army of the James:

Your telegram received. Sale shall not take place. Have the order of Secretary of the Treasury ot postpone it. I send the inclosed telegram from Colonel Lewis, stationed at Suffolk:

SUFFOLK, March 14, 1865.

General GORDON,

Norfolk:

I destroyed the ferry across the Blackwater at South Quay. When the enemy builds another I think it perfectly easy to make a dash on the Nottoway bridge.

G. W. LEWIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

I have here the Third New York Cavalry and First U. S. Colored Cavalry; you have strength by last return. Cavalry sent here should come at night and rendezvous at Suffolk. I thought of leaving here on the night of the 15th and coming to the front for twenty-four hours. Is there any objection? I have no pontoons.

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.

HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., March 15, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point, Va.:

The fires mentioned by you were not seen from this post. At sundown last evening I dispatched a scouting party toward the Chickahominy, who proceeded within four miles of the river, and who returned this morning about daylight. They saw no fires or indications of any.

W. G. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

