
WILSON'S WHARF, VA., March 15, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point, Va.:

The fires were observed here last night. Supposed to be the woods on fire at some distance beyond the Chickahominy. A cavalry patrol just in report all quiet on this side of the river.

J. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

NORFOLK, VA., March 15, 1865-6.30 p.m.

Major-General ORD,

Army of the James:

Army gun-boats can go to Suffolk. Cavalry can land at several points on the Nansemond; gun-boats are not necessary to cover them anywhere on the Nansemond. If intended to cross the Blackwater anywhere near Franklin or South Quay pontoons or a flat or raft are necessary. A man named Boyle, who always accompanies expeditions in that direction, is now at City Point a contractor to get out railroad ties. I will not come up until to-morrow, and will leave word where the landing should be for Sumner's cavalry, if I am not here to direct. I am sure that anywhere near the direction of Nottoway railroad bridge from Suffolk boats are necessary to cross the river. On the upper Blackwater and upper Notoway crossings might be effected without pontoons. Colonel Lewis has about 500 cavalry; that is all I have this side of the James. Boyle knows all the fords in the river. I have sent for him, and if he is not at City Point I will send up further information if it differs from what I have sent, but I am sure I am right. The river is about 200 yards wide at South Quay.

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General.

SUFFOLK, March 15, 1865.

Captain S. L. McHENRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Portsmouth:

A picket reserve, consisting of a corporal and six men, was attacked last night; 4 men killed and 2 mortally wounded. Have been out all night endeavoring to capture the party. Will have then to-day if possible. Would like to have 200 heavy artillery here permanently, that the cavalry might do nothing but scouting.

G. W. LEWIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

RICHMOND AND FREDERICKSBURG R. R. BRIDGE,

South Anna River, March 15, 1865-1.30 p.m.

(Via Yorktown, Va., 7.15 a.m. 17th. Received 12.30 p.m. 17th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: A messenger from the White House met me here this morning. After sending my dispatch to you from Columbia, Colonel Fitzhugh's brigade was advanced as far as Goochland, destroying the canal to that point. We then marched up to the Virginia Central

63 R R-VOL XLVI, PT II

