
Railroad at Tolersville, and destroyed it down to Beaver Dam Station, totally destroying fifteen miles of the railroad. General Custer was then sent to Ashland and General Devin to the South Anna bridges, all of which have been destroyed. There is not a bridge on the railroad from the South Anna to Lynchburg. This morning two divisions of infantry came out near Ashland (Pickett's and Corse's), and I have concluded to cross the North Anna and go to the White House, on the north side. I think this force too large to fight, and it may attempt to prevent my crossing over from the White House, unless you can draw them back. They know that if this cavalry force can join you it will be bad for Richmond. The enemy attempted to prevent our burning the Central railroad bridge over the South Anna, but the Fifth U. S. Cavalry charged up to the bridge, and about thirty men dashed across on foot, driving off the enemy and capturing three pieces of artillery-20-pounder Parrotts.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

YORKTOWN, VA., March 15, 1865-8.15.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Arrived at White House at 2 p.m. and left at 3 p.m. [Sheridan] had not arrived, nor did the scouts learn where he was. Sent out other scouts. Colonel [Babcock], Colonel [Roberts], and myself concluded it was best to retain Sumner's cavalry until [Sheridan] got in, unless you direct to the contrary by telegraph. I await your order here. As soon as [Sheridan] gets in Hudson will leave for this place and City Point.

F. T. DENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

CITY POINT, VA., March 15, 1865.

Colonel F. T. DENT,

Aide-de-Camp, Yorktown, Va.:

I sent orders to Fort Monroe after you left here for Colonel Roberts to retain Sumner's cavalry until he had joined Sheridan, then to send Sumner to Norfolk, with orders to report his arrival there to General Ord by telegraph. If [Sheridan] is not heard from by Saturday Colonel Roberts may return. If it is ascertained earlier that he had gone elsewhere then return as soon as the fact is known.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MARCH 15, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication handed me, in reference to the escape of Confederate prisoners, among others a staff officer of General Early, I would respectfully report that upon inquiry into the

