
matter, no such prisoners have been turned over to these headquarters. This the provost-marshal tells me. I hear that the prisoners were under a guard of the Third Division. I will inquire into it.

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION CAVALRY,March 15, 1865-10.30 a.m.

General MERRITT,

Chief of Cavalry:

A skirmish line of the enemy (infantry) is advancing toward this point on the railroad and on the road leading to the left of the railroad and intersecting the Brook pike. Their progress is slow, owing to the dense underbrush and marshes. I have Pennington in position to develop the enemy's force. Wells has been ordered to cross the South Anna near the railroad bridge. I will not oppose much resistance to the enemy here, as the country is extremely unfavorable for cavalry operations. When I leave this point I will follow Wells with Pennington to the South Anna, crossing west of the railroad bridge.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 15, 1865.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Middle Military Division, Winchester, Va.:

Telegram of 14th received. General Egan has this day been ordered to report to you. General Francis Fesendens has gone to the East and is not fit for field duty.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 15, 1865.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Winchester, Va.:

Four companies of One hundred and ninety-second Pennsylvania, recently in Ohio, have been ordered to Cumberland, Md., and by special order of this date three companies have been transferred from the One hundred and ninety-fifth Pennsylvania to same regiment. In addition, three new companies for One hundred and ninety-second have been sent from Pennsylvania to complete its organization. Can you have the two regiments brought together at some point, so that details of reorganization can be carried out in accordance with a special order to be sent you by mail? The three companies transferred from One hundred and ninety-fifth will be replaced by three new companies already forwarded from the State.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

