HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Sheridan, Va., March 15, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. P. DAVIS,

Commanding at Summit Point:

Pursuant to orders from headquarters Middle Military Division, you will send a strong regiment to-morrow morning from Summit Point to Myerstown and Kabletown, Shenandoah Ferry, and the vicinity. If the regiment cannot make the tour in one day let them remain over night. The commanding officer will have any parties engaged in conscripting arrested, and will get all the information he can concerning the guerrilla parties on this side of the river. Colonel Reno will send a party of cavalry through the country between Charleston and the river. Inform the commanding officer of the regiment of this fact. Report name of regiment and its commanding officer and the time at which they start. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 15, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry:

The major-general commanding desires you to send a scouting party to Front Royal to-morrow morning. He wishes them to start at a very early four and go by the Front Royal pike, and to communicate with a regiment of infantry from General Fessenden's command, which marched to Woodville this morning. It will camp near Woodville or White Post to-night, and come back by White Post and the Front Royal road to-morrow morning. After ascertaining that the infantry

is on its way back without molestation the cavalry command can proceed to Front Royal and get such information as they may be able to obtain. It is desirable that they communicate with the infantry early in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 15, 1865.

General STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

General [Hancock] wishes to know whether there is any truth in the report that the guerrillas attacked some of your pickets the other night, killing one of Reno's men.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

