THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 2,
gentlemen, when their names are drawn, will im-
mediately take their seats, and remain in them, to
avoid confusion, until the process is completed.
The drawing was then commenced and pro-
ceeded in to completion. The process occupied
about an hour and a half.
THE MESSAGE.
Mr. HILLIARD, from the committee appointed
on the part of the House of the joint committee
to wait on the President of the United States,
stated that the committee had discharged the duty-
assigned them, and that the President had replied
that he would send a communication to both
Houses of Congress immediately.
A message in writing was then received from
the President of the United States, by the hands
of Millard P. Fillmore, his Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER, no objection being made, laid
the message before the House; and it was read, as
follows:
FtUmi>-Citizens of the Senate
and qfthe House of Representatives:
Being suddenly called, in the midst of the last
session of Congress, by a painful dispensation of
Divine Providence, to the responsible station which
I now hold, I contented myself with such commu-
nications to the Legislature as the exigency of the
moment seemed to require. The country was
shrouded in mourning for the loss of its venerated
Chief Magistrate, and all hearts were penetrated
with grief. Neither the time nor the occasion ap-
peared to require or to justify, on my part, any
general expression of political opinions, or any
announcement of the principles which would gov-
ern me in the discharge of the duties to the per-
formance of which I had been so unexpectedly
called. I trust, therefore, that it may not be
deemed inappropriate, if 1 avail myself of this op-
portunity of the reassembling of Congress to make
known my sentiments, in a general manner, in re-
gard to the policy which ought to be pursued by
the Government, both in its intercourse with for-
eign nations, and in its management and adminis-
tration of internal affairs.
Nations, like individuals in a state of nature,
are equal and independent, possessing certain
rights, and owing certain duties to each other,
arising from their necessary and unavoidable rela-
tions; which rights and duties there is no common •
human authority to protect and enforce. Still,
they are rights and duties, binding in morals, in
eonscienoe, and in honor, although there is no tri-
bunal to which an injured party can appeal but the
disinterested judgment of mankind, and ultimately
the arbitrament of the sword.
Among the acknowledged rights of nations is
that, which each possesses of establishing that
form of government which it may deem most con-
ducive to the happiness and prosperity of its own
citizens; of changing that form, as circumstances
may require; and of managing its internal affairs
according to its own will. The people of the
United States claim this right for themselves, and
they readily concede it to others. Hence it be-
comes an imperative duty not to interfere in the
government or internal policy of other nations;
and, although we may sympathize with the unfor-
tunate or the oppressed, everywhere, in their strug-
gles for freedom, our principles forbid us from
taking any part in such foreign contests. We
make no wars to promote or to prevent successions
to thrones; to maintain any theory of a balance of
power; or to suppress the actual government which
any country chooses to establish for itself. We
instigate no revolutions, nor suffer any hostile
military expeditions to be fitted out in the United
States to invade the territory or provinces of a
friendly nation. The great law of morality ought
to have a national, as well as a personal and indi-
vidual, application. We shouldact towards other
nations as we wish them to act towards us; and
justice and conscience should form the rule of oon-
duct between governments, instead of mere power,
self-interest, or the desire of aggrandizement. To
maintain a strict neutrality in foreign wars, to cul- 1
tivate friendly relations, to reciprocate every noble
and generous act, and to perform punctually and
scrupulously every treaty obligation—these are the
duties which we owe to other States, and by the
performance of. which we best entitje ourselves to
like treatment from them; or if that, in any case,
be refused, we can enforce our own figiits yitfy
jjfStice^and a clear conscience, J
In our domestic policy, the Constitution will be
my guide; and in questions of doubt, I shall look
for its interpretation to the judicial decisions of
that tribunal, which was established to expound
it, and to the usage of the Government, sanctioned
by the acquiescence of the country. I regard all
its provisions as equally binding. In all its parts
it is the will of the people, expressed in the most
solemn form, and the constituted authorities are
but agents to carry that will into effect. Every
power which it has granted is to be exercised for
the public good; but no pretence„of utility, no
honest conviction, even, of what might be expe-
dient, can justify the assumption of any power
not granted. The powers conferred upon the
Government and their distribution to the several
departments, are as clearly expressed in that sa-
cred instrument as the imperfection of human lan-
guage will allow; and I deem it my first duty, not
to question its wisdom, add to its provisions,
evade its requirements, or nullify its commands.
Upon you, fellow-citizens, as the representa-
tives of the States and the people, is wisely de-
volved the legislative power. I shall comply with
my duty, in laying before you, from time to time,
any information calculated to enable you to dis-
charge your high and responsible trust, for the
benefit of our common constituents.
My opinions will be frankly expressed upon the
leading subjects of legislation; ana if, which I do
not anticipate, any act should pass the two Houses
of Congress which should appear to me unconsti-
tutional, or an encroachment on the just powers
of other departments, or with provisions hastily
adopted, and likely to produce consequences inju-
rious and unforeseen, I should not shrink from the
duty of returning it to you, with my reasons, for
your fUrther consideration. Beyond the due per-
formance of these constitutional obligations, both
my respect for the legislature and my sense of
propriety will restrain me from any attempt to
control or influence your proceedings. With you
is the power, the honor, and the responsibility of
the legislation of the country.
The Government of the United States is a lim-
ited Government. It is confined to the exercise of
powers expressly granted, and such others as may
be necessary for carrying those powers into ef-
fect; and it is at all times an especial duty to guard
against any infringement on the just rights of the
States. Over the objects and subjects intrusted to
Congress, its legislative authority is supreme. But
here that authority ceases, and every citizen who
truly loves the Constitution, and desires the con-
tinuance of its existence and its "blessings, will res-
olutely and firmly resist any interference in those 1
domestic affairs, which the Constitution has clear- '
ly and unequivocally left to the exclusive author-
ity of the States. And every such citizen will
also deprecate useless irritation among the several
members of the TJrtirtn, and all reproach and crim-
ination tending to alienate one portion of the coun-
try from another. The beauty of our system of
government consists, and its safety and durability
must consist, in avoiding mutual collisions, and
encroachments, and in the regular separate action
of all, while each is revolving in its own distinct
orbit.
The Constitution has made it the duty of the
President to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed. In a Government like ours, in which
all laws are passed by a majority of the represent-
atives of the people, and these representatives are
chosen for such short periods, that any injurious
or obnoxious law can very soon be repealed, it
would appear unlikely that any great numbers ;
should be found ready to resist the execution of
the laws. But it must be borne in mind that the
country is extensive, that there may be local in-
terests or prejudices rendering a law odious in one
part, whicn is not so in another, and that the
thoughtless and inconsiderate, misled by their pas-
sions, or their imaginations, may be induced
madly to resist such laws as they disapprove. (
Such persons should recollect that, without law, J
there can be no real practical liberty; that, when
law is trampled under foot, tyranny rules, whether '
it appears in the fbrm of a military despotism orof
popularviolence. Thelawistheonlysureprotection
of the weak, and the only efficient restraint upon the '
strong. When impartially and faithfully admin- ;
istered, none is beneath its protection, and none
above its control. You, gentlemen, and the coun- '
try may be assured, that to the atmost of my j.
ability, and to the extent of the power vested in me,
I shall at all times, and in all places, take care that
the laws be faithfully executed. In the discharge
of this duty, solemnly imposed upon me by the
Constitution, and by my oath of office, I shall
shrink from no responsibility, and shall endeavor
to meet events as they may arise, with firmness,
as well as with prudence and discretion.
The appointing power is one of the most deli-
cate with which the Executive is invested. I re-
gard it as a sacred trust, to be exercised with the
sole view of advancing the prosperity and happi-
ness of the people. It shall be my effort to elevate
the standard of official employment, by selecting for
places of importance individuals fitted for theposts
to which they are assigned, by their known integ-
rity, talents, and virtues. In so extensive a coun-
try, with so great a population, and where few
persons appointed to office can be known to the
appointing power, mistakes will sometimes una-
voidably happen, and unfortunate appointments
be made, notwithstanding the greatest care. In
such cases, the power of removal may be properly
exercised; and neglect of duty or malfeasance in
office will be no more tolerated in individuals a] -
pointed by myself than in those appointed by
others.
I am happy in being able to say that no unfa-
vorable change in our foreign relations has taken
place since the message at the opening of the last
session of Congress. We are at peace with all
nations, and we enjoy ia an eminent degree the
blessings of that peace, in a prosperous and grow-
ing commerce, and in all the forms of amicable
national'intercourse. The unexampled growth of
the country, the present amount of its population,
and its ample means of self-protection, assure for
it the respect of all nations; while it is trusted that
its character for justice, and a regard to the right#
of other States, will cause that respect to be readily
and cheerfully paid.
A convention was negotiated between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain, in April last, for
facilitating and protecting the construction of a
ship canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
and for other purposes. This instrument has
since been ratified by the contracting parties, the
exchange of ratifications has been effected, and
proclamation thereof has been duly made.
In addition to the stipulations contained in this
convention, two other objects remain to be accom-
plished between the contracting powers.
First, the designation and establishment of a
free port at each end of the canal.
Second, an agreement fixing the distance front
the shore within which belligerent maritime oper-
ations shall not be carried on. 0n these points
there is little doubt-that the two Governments wiB
come to an understanding.
The company of citizens of the United States
who have acquired from the State of Nicaragua
the privilege of constructing a ship canal between
the two oceans, through the territory of that State,
have made progress in their preliminary arrange-
ments. The treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, of the 19th of April last, above re-
ferred to, being now in operation, it is to be hoped
that the guarantees which it offers will be sufficient
to secure the completion of the work with all prac-
ticable expedition. It is obvious that this result
would be indefinitely postponed, if any other than
peaceful measures, for the purpose of harmonizing
conflicting claims to territory in that quarter,
should be adopted. It will consequently be my
endeavor to cause any further negotiations on the
part of this Government, which may be requisite
for this purpose, to be so conducts as to bring
them to a speedy and successful close.
Some unavoidable delay has occurred, arising
from distance and the difficulty of intercourse be-
tween this Government and that of Nicaragua,
but, as intelligence has just been received of the
appointment of an Envoy Extraordinary and Min-
ister Plenipotentiary of that Government to reside
at Washington, whose arrival may soon be ex-
pected, it is hoped that no further impediments
will be experienced in the prompt transaction of
business between the two Governments.
Citizens of the United States have undertaken
the connection of the two oceans by means of a
railroad across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, under
grants of the Mexican Government to a citizen of
that Republic. It is understood that a thorough
survey of the course of the communication ia m
