1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
grant donations and preemption rights to actual
settlers, and to cede the refuse lands to the States*
in which they He.
A bill to amend the act of the last session of
Congress granting the swamp lands to the States
in winch they lie.
A bill to authorize the President to select a site
for a western armory, and to procure the same,
and to commence the construction of the armory.
A bill to suppress the salt tax.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, as we did
more business yesterday than is usually done at
the opening of any session of Congress, I think it
desirable that committees should be appointed at
an early dav, that we may proceed to legislative
business. 'The usage has been, I believe, to an-
nounce the committees on the Monday following
the meeting of Congress. I think it very desira-
ble that tliev should now be made earlier. By a
standing rule of the Senate, the Senate appoints
all its own committees, and I believe invariably
adheres to that practice when a Vice President,
elected by the people, presides over the body.
But when a President is elected by the Senate,
who is always regarded as responsible to the body,
I think the invariable practice for many years past
has been that he should appoint the committees.
With a view of having the committees appointed
at an early and convenient season, I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, which I hope will meet with
unanimous concurrence:
Resolved, That the President pro tempore be authorized
to appoint the standing committees of the Senate for this
session, and also the members of joint committees.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
COURT-MARTIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which lies over one day under the rules:
Rerokei, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay
before the Senate the proceedings of a court-martial holden
at Fort Constitution, in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on
the tenth of September last, for the trial of Harrison,
a private soldier, on the charges of mutiny and disobedience
of orders.
PROMOTIONS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. On the 14th of September last, 1
submitted to the Senate a resolution, calling on the
Secretary of the Navy for the proceedings of a
board of officers, called at his suggestion, for the
purpose of devising some mode of awarding pro-
motion in the navy, aside from mere seniority. I
was not aware of the precise nature of those pro-
ceedings, because they had not been made public.
Upon the motion of the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] on the 16th of
September, the resolution was laid on the table,
and it lies there still. I now find that the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in his annual report, actually
proposes to Congress to establish a rule for pro-
motion in the navy upon merit, disregarding the
rule by which promotions have heretofore t>een
awarded; that is, mere seniority. The Secretary
says:
" It is therefore proposed that in all future promotions to
a captaincy or to a higher rank, if such shall be established,
seniority shall not be regarded, aad merit shall be esteemed
the only criterion of selection."
It will be perceived that, by the action of the
Secretary of the Navy, this subject is before Con-
gress for consideration; and it seems to me that it
is highly proper, if there has been a court holden
upon the suggestion of the Secretary of the Navy,
to take this subject into consideration, that Con-
gress ought to know what has been done in re-
lation to it.
There was, at the last session, some confusion,
some misunderstanding and mistake (not on my
part, certainly) in regard to the history of the
proceedings of that court. I was first informed
that there had been a court holden, and that a re- !
port of its proceedings was on file in the office of
the Secretary of the Navy. I requested that I
might have a copy of it for examination. The
'Secretary declined, and suggested that it would be
better to have it brought before the Senate, if at
all, by a resolution. I was informed that that re-
port had been before the Senate, but by some ac-
cident had not been opened, and had been returned
to the Secretary unopened. I was subsequently ]
informed that that was a mistake, and that it had j
never been before the Senate. I was also informed
that it had been before the Senate and was on our
files. I took the pains to examine the record of |
the Senate, and found the facts to be these: There
had been such a court holden; the proceedings of
the court had heen called for by the Senate, and
the report was laid before the Senate and was
placed upon our files. It subsequently, however,
found its way off the files, and is now on the files
of the office of the Secretary of the Navy. It
relates to a subject that the Secretary has brought
before Congress. He now recommends that we
should establish the rule which that court was
called to consider. I wish, therefore, to have that
resolution taken from the table, for the purpose of
having it considered; but, as the honorable Sena-
tor on whose motion it was before laid on the
table is not now present, and as I do not wish to
take any advantage of his absence, I will let the
matter rest till to-morrow.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
! • HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
i Wednesday, December 4, 1850.
j The following members, not heretofore an-
nounced, appeared yesterday and to-day and took
their seats, viz:
i Mr. Hibbard, of New Hampshire; Mr. Ash-
! mon, of Massachusetts; Messrs. Brooks, Rey-
i nolds, Schoolcraft, Thurman, and Clarke, of
i New York; Mr. Hammond, ofMaryland; Messrs.
] Powell and Parker, of Virginia; Mr. Camp-
i bell, of Ohio; Messrs. Caldwell and Mar-
shall, of Kentucky; Mr. McGaughet, of Indi-
ana; Mr. Bissell, of Illinois; Mr. Leffler, of
j Iowa; Mr. Durkee, of Wisconsin; Mr. Wright,
! of California; Messrs. Thompson and McLana-
l han, of Pennsylvania; Mr. Cobb, of Alabama;
and Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OBITUARY.
Mr. CHANDLER rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: While it is the duty of this body
to devote its deliberations to the good of the living,
it is one of its time-honored customs to pause m
the midst of its labors to do honor to the honor-
able dead. And I am instructed by the delega-
tion of the State of Pennsylvania to ask this body
to suspend its labors, and to request its members
to forbear even their felicitations on meeting again,
while I announce that one of those with whom
j we took counsel only a few weeks since we shall
meet no more on earth.
My highly-respected colleague, the Hon. Ches-
! ter Butler, the Representative of the 11th Dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, died on his return from the
labors of this Congress. He reached Philadel-
phia on Tuesday, the 1st day of October, and
was there seized with a complaint so violent that
he survived the attack only till the Saturday fol-
lowing—expiring in the arms of her whose min-
istrations had been the consolation of his life,
and surrounded by members of a family that had
arrived only to receive the last look of a beloved
parent and friend.
Few names, sir, are more conspicuous in the
annals of Pennsylvania than that of Butler. It
is illustrated by courage, by patriotism, and by
piety; and the family in the famed and beautiful
valley of Wyoming boasts of ancestral associa-
tions which reflect lasting honor, while they de-
volve weighty obligations.
Chester Butler, born in Wilkesbarre, Lu-
zerne county, Pennsylvania, in March, 1798, was
the grandson of Colonel Butler, who commanded
the American troops at the time of the terrible
calamity distinguished in our national history as
the Massacre of Wyoming. A lofty monument
denotes the exact location of one scene of that
appalling drama, and bears the name of its most
conspicuous actors. But gratitude for the services
and veneration for the character of the sufferers
owe their freshness almost as much to the dis-
tinguished worth of the descendants as to the record
of their ancestor's indomitable valor and melan-
choly fate.
Mr. Butler graduated at Princeton College in
1817, and then read law in the Litchfield School,
and subsequently under Judge Mallory, a distin-
guished jurist of Pennsylvania, and was admitted
to practice in 1820. His career at the bar was
marked by a lofty estimate of his profession, and
his whole practice was characterized by a fidelity
that secured to him lasting esteem and unbounded
confidence.
To a gentleman of finished legal education, of
easy fortune, and public spirit, tie path of politi-
cal preferment seems naturally open; and Mr.
Butler was early reckoned.among those in whose
! prudence and ability a discriminating executive
and an enlightened constituency could rely; and
while the records of the courts of his native county
contain proofs of his official competency, the pro-
ceedings of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in
three sessions, attest his ability to promote the
good of the Commonwealth by his sterling elo-
quence, and to soothe the excitement of party by
his generous concessions.
In 1846 Mr. Butler was nominated as a candi-
! date for Congress; and, although his party was
in a hopeless minority, he. received a gratifying
j majority of votes, and in 1848 was reelected, with-
out having betrayed the confidence of his own
i party to purchase the suffrages of his opponents,
or forfeited the regard of an opposition by sacri-
ficing the good of the country to the advancement
of sectional or party views. He seemed not only
tocomr J ' ' * *
but to
to respect and adopt his own opinions..
Of the congressional labors of Mr. Butler it is
unnecessary for me to speak. Many around me
! heard his first vote on organizing the Thirtieth
Congress, and continued to hear liis emphatic re-
sponse on all important propositions, until, at the
close of the late session, he gave his vote for the
settlement of a question upon which seemed to
rest the reestablishment of our national quiet and
the perpetuation of our national Union. A great
object of his life, as a statesman and a Represent-
ative in Congress, was with that vote accomplished,
and Mr. Butler appeared to feel that his public
mission had been fulfilled.
Mr. Speaker, no other work was required of
him by Providence. He had beautifully and ex-
emplarily discharged the duties of son and
brother; he had blessed the domestic circle by the
most cherished of domestic virtues; he had minis-
tered to enlarged social enjoyment by the refine-
ments of polished manners, by generous hospi-
tality, ana a well-cultivated mind; his profession
had been honored by his sterling integrity and
valuable practical attainments; his country had
been served by his prudence and forecast; and his
church, while it had been blessed by the purity of
his heart and the liberality of his hands, was
strengthened by the beauty of his example and
the excellence of his counsel.
It was beautiful thus to fall in the fullness of
manly vigor and matured mind, before time had
wrought a single change in physical powers, or
dimmed a ray of intellect. It was sublime, at the
close of legislative labors that had demanded pa-
riotic devotion and patriotic forbearance, to pause,
and pass awtfy, and be at re3t.
The eulogist will find ample materials in the
character and life of Mr. Butler. His conduct
was open; no concealment denoted a distrust of
others or conscious dereliction in himself. He
passed through the most trying ordeal to which
the character of man is submitted—that of spend,
ing a whole life in the place that gave him birth;
and the concurrent voice of commendation of
those who smiled over his cradle and wept at his
grave is ample testimony to the truthfulness and
purity of his life. His virtues were bound up
with his whole life; and the gentle devotion of
youth was only more fully developed by years—
so that what was loved and admired in the child
came to be respected and revered in the man. It
was this constancy of virtue, this fullness and
continuity of character, which won for him the
confidence of his fellow-citizens. It was this that
broke down party landmarks, and fused opposing
elements into sustaining means. It was this,
when death found him at a distance from his home,
that rallied so many to en expression of respect
for his manly worth. It was this which, from
every part of the beautiful valley of his nativity,
the cherished home of his youth and manhood,
summoned the thousands who had known and
loved him from childhood upwards to mingle their
sorrows at the grave of a friend who, with a gen-
tlemanly bearing and Christian consistency, had
sustained his ancestral reputation, and reflected
honor upon the place of his birth.
I should trespass on the oour'esy of this House,
and violate the proprieties of this nlemn occasion,
were I to indulge in the remarks which the them*
