8
the congressional globe.
Dec. 4,
suggests. I will therefore conclude by offering I
the following resolutions: |
Resolre*?, That the House has henrd with prief the an- !
mtuciation of the death of the Hon. Chkster Butler,
a Representative in this body from the 11th Congressional
District of Pennsylvania; and, as a token of respect for
the character and public services of Mr. Butler, the mem-
bers and officers of the House will wear the usual badge of
mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and he is
hereby directed, to transmit certified copies of these pro-
ceedings to the family of Mr. Btti.fr; and, as a further
mark of respect for the memory of the deceased—
Resolved, That tikis House do now adjourn.
The question M as put on the resolutions, and
carried m the affirmative unanimously; and
The House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HUBBARD gave notice that he would on to-morrow,
or as soon thereafter as he can obtain the floor, introduce
the following bills:
1. A bill to make the laws of the several States in which
the cause of action may arise, and the rules of evidence es-
tablished by the laws or decisions of the supreme courts of
the several States, govern the cause in the trial thereof in
the circuit or district courts of the United States.
2. A bill to graduate the prices of the public lands to ac-
tual settlers only, and in limited quantities, according to the
time such lands have been in market; granting rights of pre- •
emption to actual settlers in all cases of reduction, and
ceding to the several States in which they lie, all lands
which have been thirty-five years in market and remain
unsold; subject, however, to the graduations, reductions,
and limitations contained in the bill.
Mr. PEASLEE gave notice of his intention to introduce
a bill to be entitled '*An act for the relief of Isaac Hill &
Sons."
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 4, 1850.
Prayer by the Rev. Mr. Bctlkr, Chaplain to
the Senate.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, in compliance
with the order of the Senate, has formed the stand-
ing committees, and in doing so he has endeavored
to preserve them, as far as practicable, as they
were at the last session. The business of Con-
gress going over from the first to the second ses-
sion, renders the reorganization of the committees
unnecessary, inasmuch as the members of the
committees formed at the first session are better
acquainted with the subjects brought before them,
and will be better qualified to act upon them, than
new committees will be. The Chair has made no
changes in the chairmen of committees, with the
exception of one gentleman, who has been ex-
cused from serving by his own particular request, j
for reasons which are satisfactory. The Chair has i
therefore merely filled up the vacancies on the com-
mittee and transferred sqjne gentlemen from com- !
mittees on which they had served to others. He '
has endeavored to arrange it so as to have each
Senator on some committee, with the exception to
which reference has been made.
The Secretary then proceeded to read the list of
gentlemen on the several committees, as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Foote, (chair-
man,) Cass, Mangum, Phelps,"and Douglas.
On Finance—Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,)
Bright, Pearce, Benton, and Ewing.
On Commerce—Messrs. Hamlin, (chairman,)
Soule, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wis-
consin, and Bel).
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sebastian, (chair-
man,) Clemens, Clarke. Jones, and Upham.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Sturgeon, (chairman,)
Tumey, Spruance, Walker, and Chase.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Davis of Missis- |
sippi, (chairman,) Borland, Greene, Shields, and i
Dawson.
On the Militia—Messrs. Houston, (chairman,)
Dodge of Wisconsin, Morton, Clemens, and
Spruance.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Yulee, (chairman,)
Mason, Badger, Miller, and Gwin.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Felch, (chairman,)
Shields, Winthrop, Fremont, and Smith.
On Private Land Claims—M essrs. Downs, (chair-
man,) Whitcomb, Davis of Massachusetts, Bald- ,
win, and Chase. I
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Atchison, (chair-
man,) Sebastian, Bell, Rusk, and Wales.
On Claims—Messrs. Norris, (chairman,) Whit-
comb, Underwood, Baldwin, and Pratt.
On the Judiciary-—Messrs. Butler, (chairman,)
Downs, Berrien, Bradbury, and Dayton.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Walker, ;
(chairman,) Upham, Dodge of Iowa, Cooper,
and Chnse.
On the Po?t Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Rusk,
(chairman,) Bright, Upham, Soule, and Morton.
On Roads and Canals—Messrs. Brisrht, (chair-
man,) Atchison, Greene, Pratt, and Spruance. J
On Pensions—Messrs. Jones, (chair'n,) Phelps, |
Dayton, Hale, and Borland.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Mason,
(chairman,) Yulee, Miller, Shields, and Berrien. !
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Tur-
nev, (chairman,) Norris, Wales, Whitcomb,and
Dawson.
On Retrenchment—Messrs. Bradbury, (chair-
man,) Houston, Mangum, Felch, and Clarke.
On Territories—Messrs. Douglas, (chairman,)
Underwood, Houston, Cooper, and Seward.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Er/>enses of
the Senate—Messrs. Dodge, of Iowa, (chairman,)
Walker, and Badgwr. .
On Public Buildings—Messrs. Hunter, (chair-
man,) Davis of Mississippi, and Clarke.
On Printing—Messrs. Borland, (chairman,)
Hamlin, and Smith.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Jones, (chairman,)
Sebastian, and Hale.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,)
Mason, and Davis of Mississippi.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Badger (chairman)
and Winthrop.
Mr. CASS, on his motion, was excused from
service on the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. CASS,
Ordered, That the vacancy be filled by the President pro
tempore.
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Mason to
fill the vacancy.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a report of the Treasurer of the United
States, containing copies of his accounts for the
third and fourth quarters of 1849, and the first and
second quarters of 1850; wliich was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSONpresented the memorial of
John R. Presher, of Tioga county, in the State of
New York, asking for a pension, in consideration
of certain injuries received while in the naval ser-
vice of the United States during the late war with j
Great Britain; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Lieuten-
ant William D. Porter, of the Navy of the United
States, asking to be remunerated for expenses in-
curred in conveying from Genoa to the United
States his Excellency Amin Bey and suite, a Com-
missioner from his Serene Highness the Sultan of
Turkey; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, I
Ordered, That the papers on file in the Senate in the case I
of William Wilkinson and others be referred to the Com- i
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
ELECTION OP CHAPLAINS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by R. M. Young, Esq., its Clerk:
" Mr. President : The House of Representatives has
passed a joint resolution for the appointment of two Chap-
lains, one by the Senate and the other by the House of
Representatives for the present session, to officiate alter-
nately, in which I am directed to request the concurrence
of the Senate.
" I am also directed to notify the Senate that the Rev. R.
R. Gurley lias been elected on the part of the House of
Representatives."
The Secretart read the resolution from the
House of Representatives as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two Chaplains
be elected, one by the Senate and the other by the House of
Representatives, and that they officiate alternately during
he present session of Congress.
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 move that the Senate con-
cur in that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate
proceeded to the election of a Chaplain.
The PRESIDENT. The whole number of
ballots is 33; necessary to a choice 17.
Rev. C. M. Butler received 7 30
Rev. Orville Dewey j
Rev. Mr. Morgan j
Rev. John D. Matthews   i
The Rev. C. M. Butler, having received a
! majority of the whole number of ballots cast, is
"duly elected Chaplain to the Senate for the present
session.
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Rep-
resentatives thereof.
j COURT-MARTIAL PROCEEDINGS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Hale, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay
before the Senate the proceedings of a court-martial holdcn
at Port Constitution, m Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on
the tenth of September last, for the trial of Harrison, a
private soldier, on the charges of mutiny and disobedience
of orders.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENTON, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
following bill:
A BILL to grant to the State of Missouri a certain quantity
of public land for objects of internal improvement, which,
added to the quantity heretofore granted to that State for
that purpose, shall make it equal to the quantity heretofore
granted to any other State for the same purpose.
Whereas it appears by a report of the Commissioner of
the General Land office. Senate document of the present
session, that there has been granted to the State of Missouri,
five hundred thousand acres of land for purposes of internal
improvement, and to other States a far larger quantity, and
that it would require the quantity of two millions six hun-
dred and seventy-two thousand two hundred and ten acres,
areas of the respective States considered, to make the grant
to Missouri equal to that of any other State: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of- Representa-
tives of the United States of Jtmerica in Congress assem-
bled, That the quantity of two millions six hundred and
seventy-two thousand two hundred and ten acres of land
be granted, and is hereby granted, to the State of Missouri,
for purposes of internal improvement.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the one-fourth
part of said land shall be applied to the construction of the
railroad from St. Louis to the western frontier of Missouri,
by Jefferson City, to be applied thereto by the company
chartered for that purpose by the General Assembly of Mis- ■
souri by the name of the Pacific Railroad Company; and
the right and title to said fourth part shall vest in said com-
pany, and be applied by the President and Directors there-
of, for the time being, to the construction of the said road,
and to no other purpose whatever. And one other fourth
part shall be applied to the construction of the railroad
from Hannibal to St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri, to
be applied thereto by the company chartered for that pur-
pose by the General Assembly of Missouri, by the name of
the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company; and the
right and title to said fourth part shall vest in said company,
and be applied by the President and Directors thereof, for
the time being, to the construction of said road, and to no
other purpose whatever. And the remaining one half of
the said grant of acres, shall be applied to such objects
I of internal improvement, including the draining of the
' Great Swamp in Cnpe Girardeau and the adjacent counties,
as the Genera] Assembly of Missouri shall order and direct.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the lands so
granted shall be selected within twenty-one miles of the
road, or object of improvement, to which their proceeds
are applicable, and shall be taken in parcels conformable to
sectional or subdivisional sectional tines; but no two parcels
shall be taken adjoining each other, or any one to which the
right of preemption has attached; and if the quantity
granted to each object, of a quality fit for cultivation, can-
not be found within twenty-one miles of the road to which
it is applicable, then the remainder may be taken in like
manner out of the next nparest public lands fit for cultiva-
tion.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the selection of
the said granted lands shall be made by an agent, or agents,
appointed for that purpose by the Governor of Missouri,
and a return of the same made to the General Land Office
at Washington city, subject to be disapproved and disal-
lowed, if made contrary to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That a right of way
to the extent of one hundred and fifty feet from the centre
of said railroads through the public lands, shall be granted to
said companies; and a copy of the location and survey of
the said railroads shall be filed in the land office of the
districts through which the said roads pass, and also to the
General Land Office at Washington city.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if the said rail-
roads, or any one of the objects of internal improvement to
which said grant of land is applicable, shall not be completed
within ten years from the time that the lands for such ob-
ject is selected, and return thereof made to the General Land
Office, then the companies aforesaid, each for itself and
he State, where the State itself conducts the improvement,
shall be bound to pay to the United States the amount
which may have been raised upon the sales made for the
said unfinished road, the sale to the purchaser remaining
valid, and the title to the unsold part of the lands applicable
to such unfinished road shall refnvest in the United States,
to have and to hold the same in the same manner as if this
act had never passed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said rail-
roads, when completed, shall be subject to transport on de-
mand, in the cars of the company, the troops, munitions of
war, and army supplies of the United States, at reasonable
and moderate rates, not exceeding the lowest rates paid by in-
dividuals for like services; and the public mails shall at all
times be transported thereon, under the direction of the
General Post Office Department, at such reasonable and
just prices as Congress may by law direct, or the Company
and the Postmaster General agree upon.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
