1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. STURGEON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to establish an Ag-
ricultural Bureau.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate stated that
there were several adverse reports of committees,
made during the last session, which had not been
acted on.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the ad-
Terse report of the Committee on Public Lands on
the petition of Peter Holcer, Wm. Rierden, and
others, and in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, Thau the prayer of the petitioners be not
granted. *
The Senate proceeded to consider the adverse
report of the Committee of Claims on the petition
of James A. Goff, and in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the claimant is not entitled to relief.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee of Claims on the petition of the
administrators of John Anderson, deceased; and,
On motion by Mr. PELCH,
Ordered, That it be recommitted to the Committee of
Claims.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee of Claims on the petition of John
McAvoy, and in concurrence therewith, j
Reached, That the petitioner is not entitled to relief.
The Senate proceeded to consider the adverse
report of the Committee on Pensions on the me-
morial of Susannah Rose, and in concurrence
therewith,
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from the far-
ther consideration of the petition.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee of Claims on the petition of Mar-
tin Dubois, and in concurrence therewith,
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Pensions on the petition of
Wm. C. Sterrett, and in concurrence therewith,
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Pensions on the petition of I
Wm. C. Keene, and in concurrence therewith, j
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from the fur- 1
ther consideration of the petition.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Pensions on the petition of
Garet Burns, and in concurrence therewith,
Ordered, that the committee be discharged from tlie fur-
ther consideration of the petition.-
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of j
the Committee of Claims on the memorial of Ed- |
ward Tracy and others, and in concurrence there-
with,
Resolved, That the prayer of the memorial ought not to
be granted.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee of Claims on the petition of Thos.
B. Winston, and in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner ought not to
be granted.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs on the petition of
John J. Glasson, and in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the prayer of the memorial be not granted, j
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Pensions on the petition of
Wm. Ferguson, and in concurrence therewith, i
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner ought not to
be granted.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs on the memorial '
of the officers of the United States ship of war i
Boston, and in concurrence therewith, !
Resolved, That the pnyer of the petitioners be not
granted.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs on the petition of
Julius Meire, and in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner be not granted.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the Committee of Claims on the petition of N. B.
Hill, administrator of Gilbert Stalker, deceased,
and in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the claim of N. B. Hill, administrator of
Gilbert Stalker, praying payment for the use of the steam-
boat James Adams, be rejected. I
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of 1
the Committee on Pensions on the petition of cer-
tain citizens of Pennsylvania in behalf of Elizabeth
Porter, widow of Joseph Porter, and in concur-
rence therewith,
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
DECEASE OF THE HON.CHESTER BUTLER.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, its Clerk:
Mr. President : I am directed to communicate to the
Senate information of the decease of the Hon. Chester
Butler, a Representative in the House of Representatives
from the State of Pennsylvania, and the proceedings of the
House thereon.
House of Representatives, December 4, 1850.
Resolved, That this House has heard with grief the com-
munication of the death of the .Hon. Chester Butler, a
Representative in this body from the Eleventh Congressional
District of Pennsylvania, and as a token of respect for the
character and public services of Mr. Butler, the members
and officers of this House will wear the usual badge of
ngniroing for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and he is
hereby, directed to transmit certified copies of these proceed-
ings to file family of Mr. Butler. And, as a further mark
of respect for the memory of the deceased,
Resolved, That this House do now adjourn.
Attest: Richard M. Young. ,
Mr. COOPER rose and addressed the Senate ;
as follows:
Mr. President: Intelligence of the decease of
the Hon. Chester Butler, late a member of .
Congress from the State of Pennsylvania, having !
been communicated to us by the message just re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, I beg j
the Senate to join in the testimonial of respect for ;
his memory, and to indulge me in paying a per-
sonal tribute to his worth.
He died in Philadelphia, on his way from this
city to his own home in Wilkesbarre. At the
close of the last session of Congress, in the enjoy- ;
ment of full health, rejoicing in the affection of his
family and the esteem and confidence of his friends,
and animated by the hope of speedily meeting
them, he departed hence for his home—for that j
home which he was destined never to see again, i
Its companionship and joys were to be his no ,
more upon earth. But there was this of consola-
tion, that, though dying from home, his last mo-
ments were cheered by the presence of her whose
love and devotion could not fail to give, even to
the house of a stranger, a character as benignant
as that of the home of childhood. Mere locality
is the smallest ingredient in the constitution of
home. It is the ministration of loved and loving
objects which consecrates and renders it holy. In
this case the object most loved of all, knelt beside
his dying bed, mingling her prayers and tears
with his departing breath; and who can doubt
that her affection and tenderness were as a lamp
shining "in the valley of the shadow of death,
lighting and cheering his passage through it ? Be-
reaved by his death, let her be comforted by the
assurance that there is one whose goodness bind-
eth up the broken heart, and that there is a world
where the good will meet again, and into which
sorrow, and pain, anddeath can never enter.
Mr. Butler died on the 5th of October last.
Sojourning a day or two in Philadelphia, he was
seized by illness, slight at first, but which quickly
became serious, and finally fatal, terminating in
his death on the third or fourth day after he was
attacked.
Mr. Butler descended from revolutionary an-
cestors, whose names are honorably connected
with our struggle for independence; and more es-
pecially was the name of his family connected
with the tragedy which happened in the valley of
Wyoming, which was his birth-place and his home
through fife; I mean the tragedy known as the
'' Massacre of Wyoming.'' The Colonel Zebulon
Butler who commanded the ill-fated party who
met their death at the hands of their savage foes,
was his grandfather.
Mr. Butler was liberally educated, and after-
wards studied the profession of the law, which he
practiced with success up to the time of his elec-
tion to Congress- in 1846. He was then, for the
first time, elected a member of the National Legis-
lature. During the term for which he was elected,
he performed his duties in a manner so satisfac-
tory to his constituents that he was reflected in
1848, as he had been in 1846, in a district strongly
opposed to him in its political views and predilec-
tions. Previous to that (and I state it to show
the estimation in'which he was held as a man and
as a citizen) he had been twice or thrice elected
to the Legislature of the State from the countv in
which he resided, though strongly opposed to him
in politics. As a man, as a citizen, as a public
servant, he was universally respected, as well by
those who were his political opponents as by his
political friends. There was no man who had a
faster hold upon thfe affections of the community
ill which he lived than Chester Butler. He
lived a blameless, but nevertheless an-active life,
devoted to the good of his country. He had no
enemies; on the contrary, he was greatly beloved
and universally esteemed as a good, just, upright,
and wise man, whose objects were pure and pa-
triotic. He never aimed at display for the ad-
vancement of personal objects. His course was
unobtrusive, but always marked by a desire to
promote the public good. There were few better
men in the councils of the country, and fewer still
whose loss will be more severely felt by their im-
mediate constituents. In token of respect for his
memory, and as an expression of our sympathy
with his bereaved family, I move the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate have heard with feelings of
deep sensibility of the death of the Hon. Chester Butler,
late a member of the House of Representatives from the
State of Pennsylvania, and that they sympathize cordially
with his family in their afflicting bereavement.
Resolved, That the foregoing resolutions be entered npon
the Journal of the Senate.
The resolutions weie unanimously adopted.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That ten thousand additional copies of the
President's message, with the accompanying documents, be
printed for the use of the Senate. •
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the Commis-
sioner of Patents be furnished with five hundred
copies of his last annual report. During the re-
cess of Congress it was mentioned to me by the
Commissioner of Patents that Congress had omit-
ted to make any provision to print copies of the
report of the Commissioner of Patents for the use
of the Patent Office, and consequently none have
been furnished to him, to his very great incon-
venience. As this report is stereotyped, they can
readily be printed and furnished.
Mr. PEARCE. Out of the immense number
that were ordered to be printed, I think we may
spare the Commissioner the five hundred copies
that the Senator from Wisconsin proposes to give
to him.
Mr. WALKER. To that I have no objec-
tion; I will cheerfully surrender my quota. In
fact I have already loaned my copies to the Patent
Office for its use. The Patent Office report is in
two parts, the second of which, on the subject of
agriculture, has been furnished to the Commis-
sioner; but the first part is more needed, because
its subject matter is more intimately connected
with the interests of those who do business with
the Patent Office—mechanics, inventors, and pa-
tentees, who are applying to the Commissioner
for copies.
A brief conversation ensued, in which Messrs.
CASS, BERRIEN, and WALKER participated,
when,
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordered, That the further consideration of the motion
be postponed until to-morrow.'
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 5, 1850. •
The House met at twelve o'clock.
The following members appeared to-day and
took their seats, viz:
Mr. Hamilton of Maryland; Mr. Orr and
Mr. Woodward, of South Carolina; Mr. Feath-
erston, of Mississippi; Mr. Harris and Mr.
Richardson of Illinois.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the standing committees of this House be
appointed by the Speaker, according to the rules and orders
of the House.
On motion by Mr. JONES, with the view to
allow time to the Speaker to organize the standing
committees, it was
. Ordered, That when the House adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ until Monday next.
