10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Dec. 5,
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the reso-
lution which I have sent to the Clerk's desk; and
when it is read, I hope the House will indulge me
in a few explanatory remarks.
The resolution was read, for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That a select committee of members be
appointed to take into consideration the "Act granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United States," passed
the 28th September, 1850, and to report to this House what
further legislation, if any, is necessary to secure its execu-
tion in a reasonable length of time; whether the existing
regulations, adopted by the Commissioner of Pensions, are
in pursuance of the spirit of the law; what length of time
under said regulations it will probably require to execute
the same; whether additional force can, or ought to be, em-
ployed; and in order to the ftill and complete investigation
of the whole subject, that they have power to send for per-
sons and papers, if necessary.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
question will be upon the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] that he
should add to the resolution, " and to report by
bill or otherwise."
Mr. ROBINSON. Certainly, I will accept of
that modification.
Mr. Speaker, (continued Mr. R.,) I will detain
the House but a moment. Since I have arrived
in Washington, at the commencement of this ses-
sion, being considerably interested in, and having
a good many of these applications in my charge,
I have taken the trouble to investigate this matter,
to some extent. The conclusion that I have ar-
rived at is, that unless we legislate speedily in
reference to the matter, there is no probability of
the law being executed within any reasonable
length of time. There are, I am informed, twenty
odd thousand applications now on file, and of
those twenty-odd thousand, not over twelve or
thirteen hundred are even registered, and that,
when so registered, they all have to be sent to the
Third Auditor's office, that that officer may ex-
amine the rolls, and see whether the declarations
correspond with the rolls. I am informed by the
Third Auditor that the greatest number which he
can examine in a single day, with the force he
now has, is about sixty or eighty. At this rate, it
will take some four or five years to get up to those
which have now been filed. There is not even one j
tenth of the whole number filed, according to the j
calculation of the Secretary of the Interior; for I
he thinks there will be two hundred and fifty
thousand. It is foreign to my purpose to censure
any officer whose duty it is to have anything to
do with the execution of this law. My object is to
raise a committee for the purpose only of ascer-
taining what difficulties he in our path, that we
may remove them, if possible. If we go on as
we are now doing, the law cannot be executed in
ten, nor in fifteen years; and we might as well
repeal it at once, unless we can devise ways and
means to execute it speedily; for before that time
arrives, I hope we shall have given every man the
right to a quarter section of land who will go out
and settle upon it.
I think, however, Mr. Speaker, that if we raise
a committee who will visit those bureaus them-
selves and find out the difficulties, they may be
able to present to this House a bill, that will in a
great measure do away with any that now ob-
struct the free execution of the law. As far as
the affording of additional force is concerned, if
the same regulations are to continue that now
exist, a very small number of additional clerks,
aa I am informed, could be profitably em-
ployed. There is but one set of rolls, and but two
or three clerks can examine those rolls at once.
They may probably, however, be copied and
multiplied, so that they may be examined with
more rapidity. There has been another regula-
tion adopted by the Pension Office, which seems to
me to be highly improper; and if we cannot get it
out of the way by any other means, we must
remove it by legislation. For instance: you may
file in the Pension Office your declaration, and the
original certificate of discharge, setting forth when
and where the man served, when and where he
went out, and how long he had served, and yet the
Commissioner will send that application to the
Third Auditor, that it may be compared with the j
rolls, if it should take five years to do it. Yet I |
am informed that under the old law, prior to the
Mexican bounty land bill, such a regulation was
never adopted. Why, what better evidence is
wanted than the original certificate itself? and
why go back to examine the rolls when that evi-
dence is produced ?
Another regulation is adopted, which will cut
off a most meritorious class of persons, whom that
law was intended to benefit. The Secretary of
the Interior has adopted this regulation: that when
the service was performed subsequent to the year
1790, and prior to 1812, the applicant must prove
his service by credible witnesses. Those old
soldiers, therefore, who fought under Wayne, St.
Clair, and Harmer, and who are scattered all over
this broad land, and who, in not one case out of
five, can find a man who served with them—for
their comrades are nearly all dead,—such a class
of men are by this stringent regulation wholly cut
off from the benefit of the law. I have some dozen
such cases myself—men whom 1 have known frftn
earliest recollection, and whom I have no more
doubt performed meritorious service for their
country than I have that General Jackson was
Commander-in-Chief at N ew Orleans; yet in no t one
single instance can you find men who served with
them. Now, if we cannot get that regulation out
of the way by any other means, I am for correct-
ing it by legislation. I would take the declara-
tion of an old soldier, accompanied by proof of
his credibility. That is all we ought to require.
I believe tie Secretary of the Interior informs
us that one reason why the warrants have
not been already issued was, that they had not
been able to procure the engraving of the blanks;
and that patents will not be issued until the first
of next month. Thus, three months will have
elapsed since the passage of the law, before we
commence executing it. The best that can be
done will be the issue of eighty or ninety per day
—for the Third Auditor says that that is as many
as he can attend to in one day. And if they are
all to be sent to his office, you can very well make
a calculation how long the whole will take. I will
detain the House no longer.
Mr. WHITE. I propose to amend the resolu-
tion now under consideration, by striking out
" select committee," and inserting in lieu thereof,
"the Committee on Military Affairs," and also,
by striking out that part of the resolution which
gives the committee the power of sending for per-
sons and papers. I think it entirely unnecessary
in a case of this kind, where the changing of a
word or two in the law will probably answer all
the purposes the gentleman has in view.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the Secretary of the
Interior, in his report to Congress, proposes a rem-
edy for the evils which the honorable gentleman
from Indiana complains of. I think it is a proper
remedy to facilitate the transaction of this busi-
ness, the issuing of warrants and patents under
the act of the last session of Congress. I have
glanced over this report, and if I recollect aright,
the Secretary recommends an addition of two
clerks, with a salary of $1,700 per annum, and
that this is all that is necessary to facilitate his
business. I do not, therefore 
Mr. ROBINSON (interposing, and Mr. Hon«-
ton yielding the floor) said: The gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Houston] is wholly mistaken, as
well as the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
White,] in reference to the difficulties which I de-
sire to remove. The Secretary of the Interior
recommends the employment of two additional
clerks in the Pension Office, but says not a solitary
word about the Third Auditor's office, in which
office is the main, and almost the whole, difficulty;
for every one of these applications must go there.
The changing of one or two words of the law
would do no good whatever; and I beg to state to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. White,]
that it may not be found necessary to legislate at
all in regard to the matter. I undertake to say
that no gentleman on the committee can make a
correct report, until he shall have gone to these
bureaus and examined the chief clerks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not particularly op-
posed to the resolution of the honorable member
from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] but I think it well
enough to call the attention of the House to the
fact, that the Secretary of the Interior, who has
the charge of this matter, has recommended a rem-
edy for this evil; and perhaps it will be well
enough to let this matter rest, for a few days at
least, without the adoption of any resolution in
regard to the delay of the execution of the law.
I apprehend that even the most sanguine friends
of the bill did not anticipate, at the time of the pas-
sage of the bill, that it would be put into operation
in less than three months. If, in fact, the Depart-
ment should be ready at that time, it certainly is
the earliest that can be expected.
In regard to the soldiers, who served under
General Wayne, I am, sir, in favor of the remedy,
or legislation, proposed by the honorable gentle-
man from Indiana. Sir, we require the same kind
of rule for revolutionary claims. There is no
reason why any distinction should be made in
favor of the soldiers who served prior to the war
of 1812, while we tfldhere to this stringent resolu-
tion in regard to the revolutionary soldiers. In
fact, the proof of service would be required by
something more than the solemn affidavit of the
claimant himself, however creditable he may be.
If they find any difficulty in proving the service,
it is their hardship. If the number be so great as
the honorable gentleman stated, and scattered all
over the country—that is, if the number of appli-
cations be so great that he should have some
dozen now in his own charge, I cannot conceive
that there is such difficulty in proving the service.
I think it will be better to take time to look into
the matter, and let the resolution lie over for a few
days. For these reasons I shall oppose the adop-
tion of the present resolution.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer a substitute for the resolution. I move to
strike out all after the word "resolved," and in-
sert the following:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representative!
tie United States of America in Congrett assembled,
That nothing in the act approved September 28, 1850,
•' granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military Bervice of the United
States," shall be so construed as to prevent the sale and
transfer of any certificate or warrant issued by virtue of
said act, prior to the issue of the patent thereon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that the substitute, be-
ing in the form of a joint resolution, cannot be
offered as an amendment to the resolution of the
gentleman from Indiana, except by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. CALDWELL. I hope that, by unani-
mous consent, the resolution will be adopted as
a substitute.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected to,
and cannot be introduced.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, inquired of
the Chair whether it was necessary to give a day's
notice of his intention to offer the resolution ?
The SPEAKER stated that a day's notice was
necessary.
Mr. CALDWELL. I give notice, then, that
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, I will
offer the resolution which has been read.
Mr. WHITE modified his proposed amend-
ment, by substituting " the Committee on Public
Lands,"for" the Committee on Military Affairs."
The question was then taken on Mr. White's
amendment, and was rejected—ayes 60, noes 67.
The question then recurred on agreeing to Mr.
Robinson's resolution.
Mr. BURT called for the reading of the reso-
lution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. Robinson added to his resolution the words,
" with power to report by bill or otherwise," and
filled the blank with " five." He then moved the
previous question.
The demand for the previous question being
seconded, the main question on agreeing to the
resolution was put, and carried in the affirmative.
THE SHIP PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire and ascertain the necessary expense
therefor, and to report forthwith a bill appropriating an
amount of money sufficient to enable the President of the
United States to fit out the *hip of the line Pennsylvania,
and to send her to England, to convey thither, under such
regulations as he sball prescribe, the works of art, and the
productions of the United States, intended by citizens of
this Government to be exhibited at the "World's Fair,"
which is to assemble in Loudon in May next.
The SPEAKER asked leave, before putting the
question on the resolution, to lay before the House
a communication from the Treasury Department,
