1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
enclosing copies of the accounts of the Treasurer
of the United States, for the third and fourth quar-
ters of 1849, and the first and second quarters of
1830, as adjusted by the accounting officers of the
Treasury; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
The resolution of Mr. Schenck having been
read—
Mr. HALL objected to its reception, and it
was not received.
Mr. McCLERNAND stated that it was usual 1
for the House to adjourn over, to enable the
Speaker to appoint the committees, and he would
therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
The House then adjourned until Monday next.
NOTICES OF BILLS. I
Mr. HAMPTON gave notice of his intention on to-mor-
row, or at some future day, to ask leave to introduce the .
following bill: '
A BILL granting a portion of the public lands to the State of
Pennsylvania tor the purpose of aiding in the construction
of the Pennsylvania Railroad, the Pittsburg and Connells-
ville Railroad, and the Ohio and Pennsylvania Railroad. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa- I
tires o/ the United States in Congress assembled, That
three millions of acres of the public lands beldhging to the
United States be, and the same are hereby, granted, to the ,
State of Pennsylvania for the purpose of aiding in the con- i
struction of the Pennsylvania Railroad, the Pittsburg and I
ConnelUville Railroad, and that portion of the Ohio and ;
Pennsylvania Railroad lying within the limits of the State ;
of Pennsylvania, to be distributed among die several com- j
panies, as follows, to wit: two millions of acres for the '
construction of the Pennsylvania Railroad, five hundred i
thousand for the construction of the Pittsburgand Counells !
vilie Railroad, and five hundred thousand for the construe- j
tion of the Ohio and Pennsylvania Railroad. 1
Sec. % vind he it further enacted, That the Governor of
said State shall, by himself, or by one or more competent ,
person or persons, to be by him appointed, select, with the
approbation of the Secretary of the Interior the said land
hereby granted, out of any lands belonging to the United
States, and subject to private entry now, or hereafter to be
surveyed. And the said Governor, or those by him ap-
pointed, as aforesaid, may expose the same, or such portions
thereof as he may deem proper, to sale, and the proceeds
thereof, after deducting the necessary expenses attending
die selection and sale, shall be applied to die payment of
stock, to be subscribed by the Governor on behalf of the
State, to the several railroad companies mentioned in the !
first section of this act, in proportions therein set forth, j
And all dividends arising on said stock shall be paid over to
the Treasurer of said State, and added to the common
school fund thereof: Provided, nevertheless, That the said
State of Pennsylvania assent to the grant and limitations
afbraeaid: provided further, That the said State may,
from time to time, pass such laws and adopt such regula-
tions as may be necessary to carry into effect the aforesaid
grant.
Mr. BINGHAM gave notice of his intention to ask leave
to introduce a bill granting the right of way and a donation
of public lands for the construction of a canal from Ro-
chester, in the State of Michigan, to the waters of Lake
Michigan; and
A bill granting the right of way and making a donation
of public lands to aid in the construction of a ship canal
around the firils of Sault Ste. Marie, in said State of
Michigan.
Mr. WHITE gave notice that he would to-morrow, or
some subsequent day, ask leave to introduce a bill granting
the right of way through the public lands to the Northern
Indiana, and Buffalo and Mississippi Railroad.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorial and petition were presented
under the rate, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The petition of Wil-
liam V. Morris, a citizen of Mason county, Kentucky, and
late a lieutenant in the United States service, praying that
the Secretary of the Treasury may be directed to pay him
his portion of the prize-money awarded by Congress to those
engaged in the expedition against the enemy on Lake
Bourgue, in the year 1815.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The manorial of Messrs. Diehl
& Co., asking the assistance of the National Government,
to establish and maintain a line of steam mail packets, be-
tween the town of Liverpool (England) and die city of
Philadelphia*
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of Francis Van Dyke,
for commutation pay due his father Captain John Van
Dyke.
By Mr. ROBBINS: The petition of Ellen Stroop and
others, asking Congress to grant commutation pay to the
heirs of Colonel Daniel Brodhead, of Pennsylvania, a rev-
olutionary soldier.
Also, the petition of Maria Cobb and others, praying Con-
Sess to require the Commissioner of Pensions to present
r their examination die declaration of Lieutenant Daniel
Brodhead, jr., together with such other evidence of his
services in the Pennsylvania Continental Line during the
war of the revolution, as may be filed by him, fee.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 5, 1850.
Mr. Miller, of New Jersey, Mr. Davis, of
Mississippi, and Mr. Butler, of South Carolina,
severally appeared in their seats.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a memorial of the heir of Moses Elmer;
deceased, a surgeon's mate in the revolutionary
army, asking to be allowed commutation pay.
! The memorial urges upon Congress the justice of
; this claim on two grounds: 1st, because the Sen-
! ate have decided in various cases that surgeon's
! mates are entitled to commutation pay; and 3d,
because the act of May 15, 1828, did not give him
full pay for life, but only a pension from 4th of
March, 1826, until his death, leaving forty-three
years of his life mnprovided for. He asks that
the subject may be reconsidered, as the papers are
on file in the Senate, and the relief granted.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAVlS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of John AshburnHagan, a citizen of Geor-
gia, relative to a plan for preventing the overflow
of the Mississippi and its tributaries; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
Ordered, That James M. Marsh have leave to withdraw
his papers.
PKtNTING THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing
have directed me to offer the following resolution:
Remlcei, That the President's message and accompany-
ing documents be printed and bound in two parts. The
President's message and all the accompanying papers, ex-
cept the report of the Secretary of War and the papers from
that Department, shall compose part one; and the report of
the Secretary of War and accompanying papers shall com-
pose part two.
I will state for the information of the Senate
that, from an estimate made by the public printers
and myself, there will probably be about 750 pages
of the report of the Secretary of War and the ac-
companying papers from that Department. The .
message of the President and the papers accompa- j
nying it from the other Departments, exclusive of j
the War Department, will form another volume of j
about six hundred pages. The two would make ,
one volume of thirteen or fourteen hundred pages
—an unweildyand inconvenient document. These
documents were last year bound in three parts. It
is desirable to have them bound separately for an-
other reason. There are thirty-eight maps and
diagrams belonging to the report of the Secretary
of War. If the printing is delayed for these maps
and diagrams we shall not have the documents ac-
companying the President's message for some
weeks. But if the Senate shall order them to be
I printed in two separate volumes, the President's
I message and the documents accompanying it, ex-
cept those from the War Department, will be fur-
nished at a very early period, and will form a
volume of about six hundred pages. The other
will be ready, as I am informed by the public
printers, at as early a day as the engravings can
be supplied. I ask the consideration of the reso-
lution at this time, that the public printers may
know in what manner they shall perform their
work.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
PORT OF ENTRY.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of entry
at the mouth of Umpqua river, in the Territory of Oregon,
and of making Milwaulrie and Pacific City, each ports of
delivery.
REFERENCE OF THE PRESIDEN r'S MESSAGE
AND MEMORIALS.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was ordered
that so much of the President's message as relates
to commerce, lakes, harbors, and rivers ,be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, that the papers referred to the same com-
mittee at the last session and not acted upon, be
recommitted.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, it
was ordered that so much of the President's mes-
sage as relates to military affairs; also, that the
papers before the Committee on Military Affairs
at the last session, and not acted upon, bejreferred
to the same committee.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was ordered
that so much of the President's message as relates
to the finances be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,it was odered that
so much of the President's message as relates to
the public lands be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was ordered that
the papers relating to certain Creek Indians for
losses sustained in the war of 1812, and the me-
morial of C. M. Hitchcock, executor of A. R. S.
Hunter, deceased, and the memorial of Amos and
John E. Kendall, and the petition of Philip E.
Thomas and others, in behalf of the Seneca Indi-
ans, be recommitted to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BELL gave notice "bf his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill giving pensions to such
warriors of the Creek nation of Indians as were
wounded in the service of the United States in
the Florida war, and to the families of such war-
riors as were killed or died in the service, accord-
ing to the contract made with them by General
Jesup.
RELIEF OF JOHN A. MACGAW.
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the bill for
the relief of John A. McGaw, of New York, was
read a second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to John A. McGaw the sum
of $1,400 for the detention of the brig Charlotte at
Vera Cruz for a longer period than that stipulated
in the charter-party. The brig was chartered at
Boston to convey a cargo of pressed .hay to Vera
Cruz, and eight lay days were the prescribed
limit of the time for delivery at that port. But
while in the service of the United States she was
detained fourteen days longer, and thus the claim
of $1,400 arose for demurrage, upon which the
Senate's committee made a favorable report.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, who desired
time to examine this claim, the further considera-
tion of the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
RECESS.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was ordered
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
On motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mono at, December 9, 1850.
The following members, not heretofore an-
nounced, appeared in their seats to-day:
Mr. Ransom, of New York; Mr. Stanly, of
North Carolina; Mr. Alston, of Alabama; Mr. A.
G. Brown, of Mississippi; Messrs. Morse, and
La Sere, of Louisiana; Mr. Fitch, of Indiana;
Mr. Kaufman, of Texas; and Mr. Cole, of Wis-
consin.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
The SPEAKER had appointed the following
gentlemen to constitute the committee, under the
resolution of Mr. Robinson, of Thursday last, to
investigate in regard to any difficulties in the
administration of the bounty land law passed at
the last session of Congress, viz:
Messrs. Robinson, Briggs,Miller, Williams,
and Mason.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the following as the
Committees appointed under the order of the
House heretofore adopted:
Committee qf Elections.—Messrs. Strong, Harris
of Alabama, Van Dyke, Disney, Thompson of
Kentucky, Harris of Tennessee, McGaughey,
Ashe, and Andrews.
Of Ways and Means.—Messrs. Bayly, Thomp-
son of Mississippi, Vinton, Green, Stephens of
Georgia, Hibbard, Brooks, Jones, and Hampton.
Of Claims.—Messrs. Daniel, Thomas, Root,
Wilmot, Nelson, Hubbard, Johnson of Kentucky,
Dunham, and Butler.
On Commerce.—Messrs. McLane of Maryland,
Wentworth, Grinnell, Bingham, Stephens of
Georgia, Featherston,Phoenix, Wallace, and King
of New Jersey.
On Public Lands.—Messrs. Bowlin, Albertson,
Shepperd, Cobb of Alabama, Young, Thurman,
Hoagland, Henry, and Wright.
On the Post Office and Post Roads.—Messrs. Pot-
ter, Phelps, Bokee, Stanton of Kentucky, Hebard,
Powell, Owen, Brown of Indiana, and Durkee.
For the District qf Columbia.—Messrs. Inge, Tay-
lor, Fuller, Morton, Hammond, Featherston, Al-
len, Williams, and Underbill.
