n
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
On the Judiciary.—Messrs. Thompson of Penn-
sylvania, Miller, Ashmun, Meade, Breck, Preston
King, Venable, Stevens of Pennsylvania, and
Wellborn.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. Sawtelle, '
Morris, Newell, Bay, Kerr, Millson, Goodenow,
Hackett, and Reynolds.
On Public Expenditures.—Messrs. Johnson of
Tennessee, Bissell, Conger, Harlan, Bowie,Sweet-
ser, Caldwell of North Carolina, Booth, and Cal-
vin.
On Private Land Claims.—Messrs. Hall, Gil-
more, Rumsev, Harris of Illinois, Campbell,
Whittlesey, Marshall, Wright, and Anderson.
On Manufactures.—Messrs. Peck, Ross, Hous-
ton, Cleveland, Orr, Hubbard, Rose, Outlaw, and
Leffler.
On Agriculture.—Messrs. Littlefield, Deberry,
Rislev, McMullen, Young, Casey, Johnson of
Tennessee, John A. King, and Cable of Ohio.
On Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Johnson of Arkan-
sas, McLanahan, Crowell, Bissell, Outlaw, Jack-
son of Georgia, Clarke, Harris of Tennessee,
and Sprague.
On Military Affairs.—Messrs. Burt, Richardson,
Evans of Maryland, Caldwell, of Kentucky,
John A. King, Cartter, Ewing, Chandler, and
Matteson.
On the Militia—Messrs. Peaslee, Savage, King
of Rhode Island, Albertson, Hunter, Briggs, Rob-
bins, Wildrick, and Hebard.
On Ji/aral Affairs.—Messrs. Stanton of Ten-
nessee, Bocock, Schenck, Gerry, White, Harris
of Alabama, Cabell ofFIorida, Gilbert, and Levin.
On Foreign Affairs.—Messrs. McClernand, Mc-
Dowell, Hilliard, Haralson, Woodward, Gentry,
Buel, Eliot, and Spaulding.
On the Territories.—Messrs. Boyd, Richardson,
Rockwell, Seddon, .Clingman, Kaufman, Gott,
Fitch, and Giddings.
On Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs. Waldo,
Beale, Silvester, Wallace, Freedley, Gorman,
Evans of Ohio, Tuck, and Sackett.
On Invalid Pensions.—Messrs. Leffler, Olds,
Hay, Averett, Ogle, Walden, Hamilton, Duncan,
and Julian.
On Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Robinson,
Mann of Pennsylvania, King of New Jersey,
Mason, Putnam, Parker, Morrison, Gould, and
Howe.
On Patents.—Messrs. Walden, Otis, Hamilton,
Watkins, and Harlan.
On Public Buildings and Grounds.—Messrs.
Stanton of Kentucky, Edmundson, Houston,
Brown of Indiana, and Moore.
On Revisal and Unfinished Business.—Messrs.
Cobb of Alabama, Ogle, Averett, Julian, and Jack-
son of New York.
On Accounts.—Messrs. Mason, McDonald,
Clarke, Bay, and King of Rhode Island.
On Mileage.—Messrs. Fitch, Duncan, Stanton
of Tennessee, Havmond, and Buel.
On Engraving.—Messrs.Hammond, Dimmick,
and Fowler.
Joint Committee on the Library of Congress.—
Messrs. Holmes, Mann of Massachusetts, and
Duer.
The following Committees of last session stand
over under the rules, to wit:
On Expenditures in the State Department.—
Messrs. Bingham, Reed, Orr, Alexander, and
Gorman.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department.—
Messrs. Caldwell of Kentucky, Schermerhorn,
Ashe, Dixon, and Dunham.
On Expenditures in the War Department.—
Messrs. Dimmick, Schoolcraft, Harris of Illinois,
McMullen, and Hunter.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department.—
Messrs. Holladay, Thurman, Cartter, Pitman,
and Harris of Tennessee.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department.—
Messrs. McWillie, Holloway, Robbins, and
Corwin.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—
Messrs. Beale, Cole, Ross, Burrows, and Hoag-
land.
On Enrolled Bills.—Messrs. Wildrick and
Dickey.
Mr. MORSE said that his colleague, the Hon.
Henry A. Bullard, elected to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Conrad,
was present, and desirous to be qualified.
Mr. Bullard was then conducted to the bar of
the House, and was qualified by taking the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States. He then took his seat
the president's message.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. His object, he said, was to take up
and refer the subjects embraced in the President s
annual message to appropriate committees.
Mr. MEADE was understood to suggest to his
colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] that the most appropriate
way would be to offer his resolutions in the House,
and have them referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY'S response was inaudible to the
Reporter.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and carried in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Boyd in the chair.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired of the Chair
what was the first business in order?
The CHAIRMAN stated that by the joint rules
of the two Houses, it was provided that for the
first six days of the session, the House may re-
sume the consideration of the business of the last
session upon the calendar.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that was the reason
he had inquired.
The CHAIRMAN remarked further, that, ac-
cording to the universal usage, it was in order,
however, within the period mentioned to take up
and consider the President's message.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the Chair
had decided that the President's message was the
first business in order?
The CHAIRMAN sSated that he had decided
that he would entertain the motion to proceed to
the consideration of the President's message.
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to know what
would be the business in order, if that motion was
not entertained ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman raise
any objection ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. No, but I should like
to know what business would be in order, if this
was not?
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will turn tp
the calendar and ascertain.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the committee
proceed to the consideration of the President's
message.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that that motion is in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will not object.
The question was then put on the motion of
Mr. Richardson and agreed to; and
The committee then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the President's message.
Mr. BAYLY moved the following resolutions:
Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress at the present session as relates to our treaties, diplo-
matic intercourse and relations with foreign nations, to-
gether with the accompanying correspondence in relation
thereto, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
2d. That so much of said message as relates to the exist-
ing tariff, and recommends a revision and change thereof;
so much as relates to the revenue, and the prevention of
frauds in its collection; the state of the Treasury, the public
debt, the general condition of the finances; the estimated
receipts and expenditures for the next fiscal year; the estab-
lishment of a Mint in California, and authorizing pold
bullion which has been assayed and stamped to be received
in payment of Government dues; the appointment of a com-
mission to settle all private claims against the United States,
and the appointment of a solicitor to represent the Govern-
ment before such commission ; together with the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and the documents and esti-
mates accompanying it, be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
3d. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the state and condition of the army
of the United States, its increase and operations, and au-
thorizing officers of the army to be retired, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
4th. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the Navy of the United States,
authorizing officers of the Navy to be retired, and the revis-
ion of the code for the government of the Navy, be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
5th. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the Indian treaties, and our inter-
course with them, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
6th. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the Post Office Department, the
transportation of the mail, and the reduction of postage, be
referred to the Committee on the Post Offices and Post
j Roads.
| 7th. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents, and of the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as relates to tile commerce and navigation of the coun-
try, the improvement of harbort, and the survey of the
coast of the United States, be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
8th. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the public lands, and to the organi-
zation of commissions to examine and decide upon the
validity of the subsisting land titles in New Mexico and
California, be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
9th. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to roads and canals, and to the im-
provement of the navigation of rivers, be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
10th. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the establishment of an Agricul-
tural Bureau, to be connected with the Department of the
Interior, be referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
lltli. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to the act providing for taking the
seventh census, be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
i diciary.
12th. That so much of said message as relates to the
District of Columbia, be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked for the reading of
that part of the resolutions in reference to Roads
and Canals.
The 9th resolution of the series was again
I read.
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to know what
part of the President's message was referred to
the Committee on Commerce ?
The Clerk read the 7th resolution of the
series.
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to know from
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] why
! he made a distinction between "rivers and
| "harbors?"
! Mr. BAYLY would explain with pleasure the
j matter to which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
|! Wentworth] referred. It had been usual of
; late years 
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose to a question
; of order. He did not understand that the resolu-
<. tions were open to amendment, except paragraph
by paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN decided that they were not;
j but he had supposed that it would be the pleasure
of the House to take the question on all the reso-
lutions together.
Mr. McLANE objected to any explanation of
the resolutions, except on an amendment sub-
mitted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have no amendment
to offer.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the resolu-
tions seriating On the second resolution being
read,
Mr. STRONG rose and said: Mr. Chairman,
if I understand that resolution, it proposes to refer
the question of the establishment of a Board of
I, Claims against the United States to the Committee
of Ways and Means. It seems to me that it does
not properly belong to the Committee of Ways
and Means, burdened as that committee already
is, and I think it ought to be referred to the Ju-
- diciary Committee. I move to amend the second
| resolution by striking out all that provides for the
reference of that part of the President's message
' which relates to the establishment of a Board of
j| Claims, which is in the following words:
" The appointment of a commissioner to settle all private
claims of the United States, and the appointment of a so-
' licitor to represent the Government before such commis-
sioner."
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. Strong yielding the floor)
said, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania will al-
II low me, I will explain the motives which actuated
1 me in that part of my resolution. I had some
4 doubt in my own mind whether the proposition
for the constitution of this board belonged prop-
erly to the Committee on tfye Judiciary, the Com-
mittee of Claims, or the Committee of Ways and
Means; but the subject originated in the Senate
with the Committee on Finance, and it is a sub-
i ject directly affecting questions of finance, and
| therefore, in deference to what was done in the
| Senate, I thought that the Committee of Ways
and Means was .the appropriate reference. I
1 have, however, no feeling on the subject whatever,
, and the House can make such disposition of the
subject as they please.
't Mr. STRONG. I do notpropose to remark at
■ ' length upon this subject. The subject would be
entirely safe, in my opinion, in the hands of the
Committee of Ways and Means; but I know that
, that committee is exceedingly burdened, and I
\t feel some solicitude that this Board of Claims
