1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
matters left with the States. We will not be made
to interfere with it; but I must hasten to another
expression of the President.
He tells us " the law is the only sure protection
of the weak, and the only efficient restraint upon
the strong." This, sir, is said in direct reference
to this fugitive slave law. It would seem that the
President intended to see how far he could impose
upon the intelligence of the people. Sir, what
protection does this law lend to the poor, weak,
oppressed, degraded slave, whose flesh has often
quivered under the lash of his inhuman owner?
whose youth has been spent in labor for another;
whose intellect has been nearly blotted out? When
he seeks an asylum in a land of freedom, this
worse than barbarous law sends the officers of
Government to chase him down. The people are
constrained to become his pursuers. Famishing,
fainting, and benumbed with the cold, he drags
his weary limbs forward, while the whole power
of the Government under the President's com-
mand, the army and navy, and all the freenjen of
the land, organized into a constabulary force, are
on his track to drag him back to bondage, under
this law. And this law, the President tells us, is
the only sure protection to the miserable slave.
The expression, appears to me, rather insulting
to our intelligence.
Sir, there is not a man in this body—there is
not an intelligent man in the free States, but
knows, if he delivers a fugitive into the custody
of his pursuers that he will be carried to the
South and sold to the sugar or cotton plantations,
and his life will be sacrificed in five years if em-
ployed on the sugar plantations, and in seven
Sears on the cotton plantations. The men of the
orth, who look upon this as murder, would as
soon turn out and cut the throats of the defence-
less negro as to send him back to a land of chains
and whips. As boon would they do this as com-
ply with a law which violates every principle of
common justice and humanity. The law, sir,
holds him who aids in a murder as guilty as he
who strikes the knife to the heart of the victim.
Under our law, a man is hanged if he fails to pre-
vent a murder when it is plainly in his power to
do so. Such man is held guilty of the act, and
he is hanged accordingly. The man who should
assist in the capture of a fugitive, would be re-
garded by us as guilty as he under whose lash the
victim expires.
I have compared this capture of a fugitive to a
common nftirder. In doing that I do injustice to
the common murderer. To capture a slave and
send him to the South to die under a torture of
five years, is far more criminal than ordinary
murdier.
Sir, we will not commit this crime. Let me say
to the President, no power of Government can
compel us to involve ourselves in such guilt. No!
The freemen of Ohio will never turn out to chase
the panting fugitive—they will never be metamor-
phosed into blood-hounds, to track him to his
hiding-place, and seize and drag him out, and de-
liver him to his tormentors. Rely upon it, they
will die first. They may be shot down, the can-
non and bayonet and sword may do their work
upon them; they may drown the fugitives in their
blood, but never will they stoop to such degrada-
tion.
Let no man tell me there is no higher law than
this fugitive bill. We feel there is a law of right,
of justice, of freedom, implanted in the breast of
every intelligent human being, that bids him look
with scorn upon this libel upon all that is called law.
Sir, I was about to make some comparisons,
but perhaps they may be regarded as indelicate.
During last Summer two distinguished gentlemen of
the same name occupied much of the public atten-
tion. One was aaia to have committed murder,
and the other to have procured the passage of this
law. One was hanged for his crime, the other, for
his efforts, taken to the Executive Cabinet. One
destroyed the life of an individual, the other con-
tributed his efforts for the passage of this law,
which must consign hundreds, perhaps thousands,
to premature graves. I, sir, cannot speak for
others; but for myself I would rather meet my
final Judge with the guilt of him who has gone to
his final account than of him who now sits in
yonder Cabinet.
I will ask the attention of the committee to
another, a further expression, intended to add
weight to the declaration already noticed.
The President says: " You, gentlemen, and the
country, may be assured, that to the utmost of
my ability, and to the extent of the power vested
j in me, I shall at all times, and in all places, take
j care that the laws be faithfully executed."
1 Now, I have told you what the effects of that
j law will be. I have pointed out the course which
1 I think our northern people will take in re-
gard to it. Let the President hurl his taunts
at the freemen of the North. Let him speak of
the powers vested in him; let him use the bayonet,
< the sword, and the cannon; let him make himself
another Haynau; let him drench our land of free-
dom in blood; but he will never make us obey that
law. The first cannon that opens its sound upon
northern freemen tells the death-knell of this Re-
public ! I say what before God and man I feel—
that the moment your Army or Navy confronts the
freemen of the North, that moment will bring this
Republic to its eternal sleep. I make these re-
marks not by way of menace. I do not merely
say that I am speaking my personal intentions
in that respect. I state what every enlightened
statesman who has read the history of our
race, must feel and admit. A free, enlightened,
and independent people will never be compelled
by the bayonet, or cannon, or the sword, to aid
in carrying into effect this fugitive law.
It is due to our southern friends, who from the
time of the passing of this law, have perhaps ex-
pected that the President, in the event of disincli-
nation to obey it, would send his troops, his
minions to enforce it; it is due to them, I repeat,
that they should understand that the intelligence
and firmness of the freemen of the North cannot
be coerced into a compliance with its injunctions,
and there is no power on earth that can compel
them to it.
I am told, in an undertone, that power will not
be exerted. I hope and trust it will not. If
the President be a lover of our republican in-
stitutions; if he desires to sustain this Govern-
ment; if he be a friend of this Union, he will
never attempt to enforce this law, or to carry out
the menaces contained in that message. These
menaces are unworthy of the President; indeed,
I do not impute them to him so muqh as to the
counsel by which he is guided. We know that, j
on the 7th of March, a programme of these meas-
ures was put forth at the other end of the Capi-
tol, and debated there for months; but this fugi-
tive bill, when presented to this House, was
passed under the previous question. No discus-
sion of its provisions was allowed. The feelings
of the North were not expressed nor represented.
Our lips were hermetically sealed, in order that it
might pass, and assume the form of law. But,
sir, it can never receive the spirit or force of law.
The power of public sentiment is opposed to it,
and it will remain a dead letter upon your statute
book.
I will now refer to that part of the message
in which the President says, " I believed those
measures," referring to this bill, " to have been
necessary, and required by the circumstances and
condition of the country."
I rejoice, Mr. Chairman, that he has boldly
avowed this fact. The whole North believed that
he was in heart and conscience opposed to this
bill. Every Whig press in the North said plainly
that the President did not favor this bill, but that
he was coerced—that he signed it by compulsion.
It was the Whig doctrine concerning the veto
that compelled him to sign «t. The President's
views on the question are now before the country,
and he avows his position manfully. He places
himself upon this law; and here I wish to say to
the House, that from this time we all know where
the President is. He is in favor of this law; he not
only places himself there, but his administration
and his party must stand or fall by this law. I
rejoice at it! They must sink or swim, live or
die, stand or fall with this enactment. We
now know where to find the supporters of sla-
very and the advocates of freedom. Every man
throughout the whole country, at the North and
South, may now take his position, knowingly, with
a full knowledge of the character of the party with
whom he acts. Those that support this law must
consent to obey it and to enforce it, to the letter.
He who will sustain this law must be willing to
pursue the flying bondman as he hastens to a land j
of freedom.
There is no lingering doubt, no difficulty, no |
obscurity, resting on that party who supports this
Administration. All the Whigs throughout the
country, (and I speak it with some degree of feel-
ing, for I once had the pleasure of acting with
them, when we had principles; then we avowed and
acted upon the doctrines I have stated to-day,)—
all the Whigs throughout the country feel that
their unity is gone; the party has departed from1
its doctrines and principles, and has descended,
step by step, from its position of 1844, until it has
literally become a-slave-catching party.
The President informs us that these measures
" were adopted in a spirit of conciliation, and for
thepurposeof conciliation." " I believe,"sayshe,
" that a great majority of our fellow-citizens sym-
pathize in that spirit and that purpose, and in the
main approve it." Sir, where does the President
find this evidence of approval in the popular mind ?
Does he draw his conclusions from the result of
the elections in Delaware, New Jersey, or Ohio?
Does he find consolation in the election of Michi-
gan or Wisconsin? Or in Massachusetts? Does
he not read the doom of this measure from their
results ? Does he not read the handwriting upon
the wall? Or, does he not see the true indications
of the public mind, in the popular meetings, the
resolutions and expressions of popular indignation
now manifesting itself throughout the entire North ?
Does the denunciation of distinguished leaders of
that party give the President encouragement to
believe that this law can be maintained ?
A distinguished judge in northern Ohio, a leader
of the Whig party, does not hesitate to say that
he will issue a habeas corpus, and will release any
slave brought before him under this law. Such
is the case in almost all portions of the northern
States. Public sentiment is loud in condemnation
of this law; opposition to it is increasing and ex-
tending and rolling forward, and no power can„
stop it until this law shall be stricken from the
statute book. Who is the President, that he
should threaten and menace the people with his
power? Why, sir, he is merely intrusted with
the execution of the public will. He is the crea-
ture of their power, dependent upon the popular
breath. Sir, they will laugh to scorn his impo-
tent threats.
The President says, near the conclusion of his
message, " I cannot doubt that the American peo-1
' pie, bound together by kindred blood and com-
' mon traditions, still cherish a paramount regard
' for the Union of their fathers; and that they are
' ready to rebuke any attempt to violate its integ-
' rity, to disturb the compromises on which it is
' based, or to resist the laws which have been
' enacted under its authority."
A noble sentiment, to which I respond from the
deepest feelings of my heart. The Union of our
fathers! there is something solemn in it. Look at
the thirteen old States. How different was that
Union from the present? I revere the Union of
our fathers; there is a pleasing solemnity in th#
recollections of everything that pertains to that
Union; but where is it now? How have their sons
abandoned it?
Commercial benefits first induced us to abandon
the Union of our fathers and annex Louisiana—to
associate with a foreign people. Then we again
abandoned that Union, and took Florida to our em-
brace. Then, to extend and perpetuate slavery,
we abandoned that Union and brought in slave-
holding Texas, assuming her war and carrying
devastation, rapine, and bloodshed to the heart of
Mexico, in order to extend slavery. And to cap
the climax, you have passed this fugitive law, and
made the citizens of Ohio and of all the free States
the catchpoles to Texas slavehunters. Well, sir,
I do not say that northern men have lost all love
and regard for the Union. But one thing is cer-
tain, that they do not feel that reverence for it
which once was so prevalent among us. They
feel, sir, less attachment to it than formerly. They
now speak of dissolution without hesitation. And
if the Union be exerted for their degradation, by
subjecting them to the provisions of this fugitive
law, they would greatly prefer to see it dissolved.
On this subject I feel no compunctions. More
than eight years since, with twenty other mem-
bers of this body, I addressed the people of the
free States, foretelling this state of things:
"We hesitate not to say that annexation effected
' by any act or proceeding of the Federal Govern-
' ment, or any of its departments, would bk
^IDENTICAL WITH DIMOLDTI9K. It WOUld b« *
