22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 10, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. HAMPTON, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petitions and papers iif the
cases of Eleanor Davidson, Susannah Tarn, Mary
Alexander, and William B. Foster, for the pur-
pose of reference to one of the Departments.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, t>y
unanimous consent, leave was granted to with-
draw from the files of the House the petition of
William H. Prentiss, for the purpose of having
it referred to one of the committees of the Senate.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BOWLIN. I rise for the purpose of pre-
senting the credentials of William S. Messervy,
the Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico.
In presenting them I beg leave to offer a few
words in explanation, calling the attention of the
House to the points in this case. In presenting
them, I propose to refer them to the Committee
on Territories, that they may be laid before and
examined by that committee, until the assent of
Texas to the compromise line shall have%een cer-
tified to this body. It is a matter which I propose
entirely to leave to the sense of this House. Mr.
Messervy brings a certificate from the Governor
of the Territory of New Mexico of his election,
and further brings the certificate of Colonel Mun-
roe, the military Governor, sent by the United
States to that Territory. He also brings the cer-
tificate of his election and the proclamation of
Colonel Munroe, acting Governor, calling upon
the people of New Mexico to elect a Delegate to
represent them in the Congress of the United ,
States.
These are the papers I propose presenting now
and referring to the Committee on Territories. It
must be apparent to every gentleman, that Mr.
Messervy received an overwhelming majority in
the election referred to—the vote of the greater
part of the population of New Mexico.
If he be sent back, the people of New Mexico
can have no representative upon this floor in her
territorial capacity.
The territorial member, having no vote in the
House, is a mere agent to represent the will of his
people, and conies here accredited by over five
thousand out of the eight thousand votes which ,
New Mexico gives. With these remarks, I sub-
mit these papers, and move that they be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
There being no objection, the question was
taken and the papers were referred accordingly.
Mr. STRONG, on leave being granted for the
purpose, introduced a bill, of which previous no-
tice had been given, prescribing the mode of ob-
taining evidence in cases of contested election;
which was read a first and second time by its title
and referred to the Committee on Elections.
Mr. TAYLOR, on leave being granted for the
purpose, introduced a bill, of which previous no-
tice had been given, to grant certain lands in the
State of Ohio.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
joint resolution, of which he had given previous
notice, explanatory of the act of last session
granting bounty lands to the officers and soldiers
who were engaged in the service of the United
States in the several Indian and other wars.
Mr. CONGER objected; and the resolution was
not introduced.
PRE-EMPTIONS.
Mr. WENT WORTH, on leave bein  granted
for the purpose, introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, to amend the act of
4th of September, 1841, granting preemption
rights to actual settlers, and extending the time of
payment therefor; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. •
GRANTS OF LAND. J
Mr. HALL, on leave being granted, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
granting to the State of Missouri the right of way
and a portion of the public lands, to aid in the i
construction of a railroad from Hannibal to St.
Joseph, in said State; which was read a first and |j
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. HOLMES asked, the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution; which
was read for information, as follows:
Resojjfd, That it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to report a bill conferring the rank of Lieuten-
ant General on Major General Winfield Scott, for gallant
services in the late war with Mexico.
Objection was made, and the resolution was
not introduced.
DRAMATIC LITERATURE.
Mr. CHANDLER, on leave being granted for
the purpose, introduced a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, for the encouragement of
dramatic literature, by securing to authors the
sole right of representation; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution, which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to this House a copy of the report on the
route of Major General Patterson's division from Mata-
movos to Victoria, and of the troops detached from General
Taylor's army from Victoria to Tampico, in Mexico, com-
municated to General Totten, Chief Engineer, by brevet
Capt. G. W. Smith, of the Engineer corps.
Mr. PEASLEE, on leave being granted for the
i purpose, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, for the relief of Isaac Hill and
Sons; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RECIPROCAL TRADE.
Mr. HARRIS,of Illinois,onleave being granted
for the purpose, introduced a bill, of which pre-
vious notice had been given, providing for reci-
procity of trade between the United States and
Canada for the free navigation by American ves-
sels of the canals and waters of Canada, connect-
ing the upper Lakes with the Atlantic ocean;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SIBLEY, on leave being given for the pur-
pose, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, for the punishment of crimes and
offences committed in the Indian country within
the limits of Minnesota, and for promoting the
civilization of the Indian race therein; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. |
FURTHER GRANTS. |
Mr. HAMPTON, on leave being granted for
the purpose, introduced a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, granting a portion of the
public lands to the State of Pennsylvania, for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of the Penn-
I sylvania railroad, and the Pittsburg and Con-
nellsville railroad, and the Ohio and Pittsburg
railroad; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PORTS OF ENTRY IN OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing additional
ports of entry and delivery in Oregon Territory; also into
the propriety of constructing a light-house, and locating
buoys at the mouth of the IXmpqua river, and providing
fog-bells for the light-houses already provided for.
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked theunani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a res-
olution; which was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That House bill No. 310 (which bill provides
for the encouragement of agriculture, and every man who
is the head of a family, and a citizen of the United States,
with a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of land
out of the public domain) be made the special order for
Monday the 16th instant, and be continued from day to day
Until disposed of by the House.
Mr. HARALSON called for the reading of the
resolution; and it was again read.
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules; on
which motion
Mr. JONES asked for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and,
The question being put on the motion to suspend
the rules, it was determined in the negative—yeas
95, nays 71—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Ashmun, Bingham, Bowhn, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Edward Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Campbell, Chandler, Cleveland, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Conger, Corwin, Cirowell, Danner, Dickey,
Disney, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Ewing, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Gentry, Gicldings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Green,
Hall, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan, Isham U. Harris, T. L.
Harris, Hay, Hayniood, Hillutrd, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter,
Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Leffler, Job Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, McLanahan, R. M. Mc-
j Lane, McMullen, Moore, Morris, Newelf, Ogle, Olds,
[ Peck, Phcenix, Potter, Reed, Richardson, Risley, Kobbuis,
' Rockwell, Root, Saekett, Sawtelle, Savage, Sche,nck,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcralt, Sprague, F. P. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Ttrck, Under-
bill, Venable, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Whit-
tlesey, Williams, Wright, and Voune—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bissell, Bocock,Bokee, Booth, Bollard, Buit, Butler, G. A.
Caldwell, Cartter, Casey, Clarke, Clinginan,Colcock, Cole,
Daniel, 1'cherry. Dimmiek, Dixon, Edmundson, Eliot, N.
Evans, Fowier, F reedley, Gerry, GrinnelJ, Haralson, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holla-
day, Holmes, Houston, Joseph W. Jackson, Kaufman,
Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, H.
Mann, McDowell, Meade, Morrison, Morse, Morton, Nel-
son, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Peaslee, Powell, Pntnam, Reynolds,
Ross, Rumsey, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, R. H. Stan-
ton, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Vinton, Wallace, Well-
bom, and Wildrick—71.
So the House refused to suspend the roles,
there not being two thirds for it.
HARBOR AND CHEAP POSTAGE BILLS.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution;
which was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That House bill No. 348, being " a bill making
appropriations for the improvement of certain rivers and
harbors," and No. 351, being " a bill to reduce and modify
the rates of postage in the United States," be made the spe-
cial order of the day, in the order in which they are named,
for Wednesday the 11th inst., and that they continue the
special order from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. MEADE objected.
Mr. WENTWORTH. As the resolution has
been objected to, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the view of taking up the harbor bill; and
upon which motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and,
The question being taken, was carried in the
affirmative—yeas 97, nays 72—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Ashmun,
Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowhn, Brooks, Duel,
Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Disney, Dixon, Duer,
Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fitch, Fowler, Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Haymoud, •
Hebard, Henry, Hilliard, Holmes, Houston, Hunter, An-
drew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Lefflcr, Mar-
shall, Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, Moore, Morris,
Morton,Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Otis, < lutlaw, Phrenix,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Rockwell,
Root, Rumsey, Sackctt, Sawtelle, Schenck, Shermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, "Shepperd, Sprague, Stanly, Frederirk P. '
Stanton, Taylor, Thurman, Underhill, Vinton, Waldcn,
Watkins, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, and Wright—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bay-
ly, Bocock, Albert G. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Clinginan, W. R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dickey,
Dimmiek, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Freedley, Gerry, Green, Hall, Haralson, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Hibbard, Hoag-
land, Holladay, Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson,
Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, Job Mann, McDowell, McLana-
han, McMullen, Meade, Millson, Morrison, Morse, Orr,
Parker, Peaslee, Pitman, Powell, Robbins, Ross, Savage,
! Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens. Strong,
' Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Waldo, Wallace,
j Wellborn, Wildrick, Williams, Wilaiot, and Young—73.
J The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Strong in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was the bill to grant the right of way to
the Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama Rail-
road Company.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Chairman, ac-
cording to a decision the last time a bill was under
consideration for making approprialions for the
improvement of certain rivers and harbors, the
Hpuse decided that this was a general appropria-
tion bill, and as such therefore it has precedence
over all other bills, except appropriation bills. I
therefore move that we take up the appropriation
bill, No. 348, for the improvement of rivers and
harbors.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to state to the House,
that my object is, if this motion be voted down,
to move to take up at this time the bill to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United
States.
