24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the next
bill oil the calendar; and
Bill No. 8, to provide for the printing of a table
of post offices in the United States, was then re-
ported.  
Mr. POTTER objected to its consideration.
The CHAIR. The question before the com-
mittee is, Will the committee proceed to consider
this bill ?
The question was put, and the committee re-
fused to consider it, and it was laid aside.
The Clerk then read the next bill, (No. 15,)
being a bill to regulate brevet rank, and to retire
disabled officers of the army.
Mr. DISNEY rose simply to inquire how many-
bills were on the calendar—whether there were
not five or six hundred ?
The CHAIRMAN said there were a great
many.
Mr. BURT wished to say to the committee,
that he should feel it his duty to ask the House to
recommit that bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs, in consequence of the holding of two
boards of officers, of the navy and army, which
had been in session under the resolution of the
last session of Congress. He trusted, therefore,
that it would be passed over.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question be-
fore the committee was, W ould the committee pro-
ceed to consider bill No. 15?
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that the bill be
reported back to the House.
The question was then taken on proceeding to
the consideration of this bill, and decided in the
negative. The bill was therefore laid aside.
The title of bill No. 61 was then read as fol-
lows:
- " A bill to limit the liabilities of ship owners and for other
purposes."
Objection was made to its consideration.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called for the
reading of the bill again. He hoped it would not
be laid aside.
The question was put, and the House refused
to consider the bill, and it was laid aside.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that
the committee rise.
The question was put on the motion, and de-
cided in the negative.
House bill No. 62, being a bill to return the
duties on merchandise in unbroken packages de-
stroyed by fire in the city of New York, in July,
1845, was then read.
Mr. KING hoped the committee would pro-
ceed to the consideration of this bill.
The question was put, and the committee re-
fused to consider it; and the bill was laid aside.
Bill No. 67, being a bill to renew and continue
in force the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown, was read; and the
committee refused to consider it.
Mr. HARALSON did not believe the commit-
tee was going to act upon any of these bills. He
moved, therefore, that the committee rise, and
upon that motion he called for tellers.
Messrs. Savage, and King of New Jersey,
were appointed tellers. The question being taken,
the result was 62 in the affirmative, and 65 in
the negative. So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN requested that gentlemen
would resume their seats.
The next bill on the calendar, being a bill to
authorize the appointment of four additional Com-
missaries of Subsistence, was then read.
Mr. JONES asked for a division on the ques-
tion on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. BURT. That bill passed into a law during
the last session of Congress. It is unnecessary,
therefore, to decide whether the committee will
proceed to consider it again.
The CHAIRMAN said there was too much
confusion, and requested gentlemen to observe
order.
The committee refused to consider this bill.
Bill No. 84, being a bill directing the Secretary
of the Navy to purchase from James C. Espy
his patent right for the conical ventilator, for
the use of the United States Navy, was then
read and laid aside.
Senate bill No. 57, being an act to provide for
the repair and improvement of the dam at the head
of Cumberland Island in the Ohio river, was then
read.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I hope the House will
consent to take up that bill. I have an amend-
ment that will fit it well—the river and harbor
bill. I hope the chairman will read that bill by
its title.
The committee refused to take up this bill; and
Senate bill No. 24, being a bill to regulate the
value of certain foreign coins within the United
States, and to provide for the coinage of double
dime pieces, was read.
Mr. McMULLEN moved that the committee
rise.
Tellers were called for and ordered.
Here the Speaker temporarily took the chair to
receive a message from the Senate, which was de-
livered by Mr. Dickins, the Secretary of the
Senate.
The chairman of the committee having resumed
his seat,
Senafe bill No. 24 was again read.
Objection was made to its consideration. *
The question being whether the committee
would proceed to consider the bill,
A division was called for, which resulted in the
negative—ayes 46, noes 76. So the motion was
lost.
Mr. ALLEN moved to lay aside all bills pre-
vious to the postage bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided the motion to be
out of order, under the rules of the House.
Mr. ALLEN appealed from that decision.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked if this
question had not been decided already ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it had.
Mr. STEVENS. Then why decide it again?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
on the appeal.
The question was taken, and
The committee sustained the decision of the
Chair.
Bill No. 99, being a bill to reduce the price of
public lands belonging to the United States in the
vicinity of the Wabash and Erie and Miami Ex-
tension Canals, in the State of Ohio, was then
read.
The committee refused to proceed to the con-
sideration of this bill.
Bill No. 100, being a bill to extend the benefit
of "An act to establish a uniform rule of natural-
1 ization, and to repeal the acts heretofore passed on
that subject," to the wives and children of citizens
was read.
Mr. POTTER objected to the consideration of
this bill.
The question was then taken on the motion to
consider the bill, and the committee refused to
consider it, and it was laid aside.
Mr. MARSHALL moved that the committee
rise.
The 'question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
McMullen and Clingman acting as such,) and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 74, noes 63.
The committee then rose, and the chairman
reported to the House that the committee had
had the state of the Union under consideration,
and had come to no resolution thereupon. •
POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That bill No. 351, being a bill to reduce and
modify the postage in the United States, be made the special
order of the day for Monday, the 16th instant, and from day
to day until the same shall be disposed of.
The SPEAKER said, that there were several
Executive communications upon the table, which
ought to be laid before the House. If there was no
objection, he would present them at this time.
There being no objection—
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,com-
municating to the Senate a translation of a note
addressed to the Secretary of State by the Minis-
ter of the Mexican Republic, relative to a subject
to which the attention of Congress was invited in
the message at the opening of the present session;
which was read and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The translation states that it is daily becoming
more and more indispensable that the Govern-
ment of the United States should adopt the prompt-
est and most active measures in order to prevent,
conformably to the provisions of the eleventh ar-
ticle of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the in-
cursions of the Indian savages of the United States i
upon the population of the Mexican frontier; and
the Mexican Minister entertains no doubt that the
Congress of the United States will take this mat-
ter into consideration, and give it all the attention
! which its importance requires. He says there are
two reasons which render the adoption of military
1 measures extremely necessary: first, that Winter
is the season when the Indians make their annual
incursions and commit their acts of devastation
and atrocity upon the frontier population of Mex-
ico; and, second, that in consequence of the loss
of their crops this year, the aforesaid population
is now actually suffering from great scarcity of
food, and that if they had to contend with the
savages in this condition, they would be exter-
minated, or at least exposed to much greater rav-
ages than they have ever experienced in any for-
mer incursions.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The Speaker, by unanimous consent, also laid
1 before the House sundry Executive communica-
tions, viz:
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, with accompa-
nying documents, exhibiting the operations of that
branch of the public service during the last year.
Laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a statement from the Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury, showing the balances on
the 1st of July, 1849, of appropriations for the
service of his Department, &c.; which letter and
accompanying documents were laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a statement from the Fourth Auditor
of the Treasury, showing the receipts and ex-
penditures on account of the Navy pension fund
for the year ending 30th September, 1850, and its
condition at that date.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the said letter and
accompanying papers were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
IV. A letter from the Secretary .of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of July 10,
1832, entitled "An act for the regulation of the
Navy and Privateer and Navy Hospital fund," a
report of the Commissioner of Pensions, accom-
panied by the several lists therein mentioned;
which were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
POSTAGE BILL.
The question being on the admission of the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pot-
ter,]
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. POTTER moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER stated that such a motion was
not in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I now move,
sir, that the House adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON withdrew his motion.
Mr. MORRIS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MEADE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS. In such a case I call for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question being taken, the result was: yeas
78, nays 95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS again moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and the motion was re-
jected.
On motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, gave notice of his inten-
tion to introduce a bill to establish a mail route from
Vicksburg to Deer Creek, in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, gave notice, under the rule, of
his intention to move for leave to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of Samuel Ray bo urn, of Alabama.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, gave notice that he would
introduce a bill granting land to aid in erecting a railroad
from St. Louis, Missouri, via Little Rock, to Fulton, Ar-
kansas, &c. •
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
