1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
By Mr. MORTON: The memorial of Samuel W. Skinker, 1,
administrator of Doctor John Julion, surgeon in the war of
the Revolution, praying for five years ftill pay under the act
□('Congress passed 2id March, 1783.
The memorial of Fayette Mauzy and Robert G. Word,
praying relief from a judgment obtained by the United
States against them.
The memorial of James C. Wilson, praying for an in-
crease of salary.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of R. K.
McLaughlin and others, asking that additional compensa-
tion be given to registers and receivers of land offices for
locating military land warrants.
By Mr. GIDDING5 : The petition of Nelson Jones and
17 others, citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, praying for
tile repeal of the fugitive law.
Also, the petition of J. I*. Tracy and 50 others, citizens
of the same place, praying for the repeal of the same.
Also, the petition of John Rood and 62 others, citizens of
the same place, praying for the repeal of the same.
Also, the petition of Jacob South, and 73 others, citizens
of the same place, praying for the repeal of the same.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois: The petition of James M.
Davis and others, registers and receivers in Illinois, praying
Congress to grant adequate compensation to such officers
for official services.
Bv Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of A. Hinchman
and "others, ^ust fifteen feet in length, with a double column
of closely written names,) citizens of Salem, Ohio, praying
for the repeal of the "fugitive law."
Also, the petition of Jacob Culp and 190 others, citizens
of Mechanicstown, Ohio, praying for the repeal of the
same.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 10, 1850.
Mr. Downs, of Louisiana, and Mr. Fqote, of
Mississippi, appeared in their seats.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of
War, transmitting a report from the Chief of Ord-
nance, with copies of the proceedings and a report
of a board of officers, and letters from officers of
the army, containing the results, as far as ascer-
tained at the commencement of the present session,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
30th September last, relative to the repeating pis-
tols invented by Samuel Colt and other inventors,
their efficiency and adaptation to the service, and
the propriety of substituting the most approved for
the dragoon service; which was read and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of i
"War, made in compliance with a resolution of the ,!
4th instant, calling for a copy of the proceedings 11
of the court-martial held at Fort Constitution, in j
*the State of New Hampshire, in the case of 1
William Hanniver; which was read and laid on
the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of James
C. Wilson, a clerk in the office of the Chief Engi-
neer, asking to be allowed an increase of compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Afiairs.
Also, the petition of Clara M. Williams, asking
that provision may be made by law for satisfying
a military land warrant, issued to her father for
his services as a midshipman during the war of
the Revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee'on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. STURGEON submitted^ additional docu-
ments in relation to the claim of the heirs of Ste-
phen Moylan, deceased; which were referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
'Mr. CASS submitted additional documents in
relation to the claim of Eleazer Williams for a
pension; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
ORDERS.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it .was
ordered that the petition and papers on the files of
the Senate relating to the claim of William Rob-
erts be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was or-
dered that Gen. Leslie Combs have leave to with-
draw his memorial and papers relating to a claim
against the State of Texas.
PRINTING FOR THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mi:. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the following resolu-
tion, made a favorable report thereon:
Ordered, That five hundred copies of the first part of the
report of the Commissioner of Patents, for the year 1849, be
printed for the use of the Patent Office.
The resolution was agreed to. * |,
NEWSPAPERS FOR SENATORS.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That during the present and for every future
session, each Senator be furnished with such newspapers
and publications as he shall select, not to eiceed in amount
per annum the cost of five daily papers.
SALARIES OF JUDGES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salaries of the United States district judges for the northern
and southern districts of Caluornia.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the resolution so
as to instruct the committee to inquire into the
expediency of increasing the salary of the district
judge of the district of New Hampshire, which
is lower than that of any other judge in the United
States, and altogether inadequate to his support.
Mr. GWIN. I believe the President has had
no difficulty in filling the judgeship in New Hamp-
shire. There are plenty of gentlemen willing to
accept that station; but it is notorious that the
President has appointed judges for California who
have not accepted on account of the salary. Three
months have elapsed since the passage of the.bill
creating judicial districts in California, and yet we
have had no judges.
■ Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Califor-
nia does not understand me as being hostile to his
resolution. I am in favor of it, but I have been
trying for several years to get the salary of the
district judge of New Hampshire increasea so that
he shall not have to act as referee in private causes
in order to support himself. His salary is only a
thousand dollars per annum. 1 wish to provide for
both California and New Hampshire.
The amendment was adopted, and the resolu-
tion as amended was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF A PAGE.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Badger, to authorize the Sergeant-at-Arms to em-
ploy Thomas Reed as a page to the Senate, came
up in its order, and was modified by the mover so
as to read:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be authorized to
employ an additional pa^e for the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I would be exceeding
unwilling to interpose any obstacle at all to the
employment of this page, but I have been informed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms and various officers of
the Senate, that there are now too many pages—
more than are necessary. The person proposed
to be employed is entirely agreeable to me—none
could be more acceptable; but if a page is not re-
quired, we ought not to pass this resolution.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, such a propo-
sition as this will bring on a sort of discussion
which I do not think very appropriate to the Sen-
ate. I wish the Senator from North Carolina
would let it lie for the present, to give me an op-
portunity, at all events, of communing with him,
and giving him privately the reasons why the
Senate should not go into this business.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
The resolution was accordingly laid on the
table.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. PEARCE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Sarah D. McKay; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. ,
Mr. BUTLER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in bills of the following
titles:
A bill to indemnify the State of South Carolina
for money expended for the United States in the
war in Florida with the Seminole Indians; which
was read and first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. B. also submitted sundry papers relating to
the same subject; which were referred to the same
committee.
A bill to change the time for holding the crimi-
nal court of the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting to the State
of Missouri the right of way and a portion of the
public land to aid in constructing a railroad from
Hannibal to St. Joseph, in that State.
Mr. BADGER gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the Wil-
mington and Manchester Railroad Company.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution providing
for the appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills, ordered to be engrossed
yesterday, were severally read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of the preemption claimants
of the lands upon which the towns of Forts Mad-
ison and Burlington, in Iowa, are situated;
A bill for the relief of E. Pavenstedt & Schu-
macher; and
A bill for the relief of John A. McGaw, of New
York.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of notice given yes-
terday, asked leave to introduce a substitute,
which at the proper time he intended to offer, for
the bill introduced at the last session by Mr. Fre-
mont, entitled "A bill to ascertain and settle the
private land claims in the State of California."
The substitute was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
REMEDIES TO PATENTEES.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill entitled " A bill giving further remedies to
patentees."
Mr. DAYTON. I hope that bill will be passed
over for the present. There is a bill before the
House which, with some amendments and altera-
tions, may be made more agreeable to all parties.
I therefore move to lay this bill upon the table for
the present.
The motion was agreed to.
ALLEN G. JOHNSON RELIEF BILL.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the re-
lief of Allen G. Johnson.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
i the Treasury to cause to be paid to Allen G. John-
son the sum of $137 23, the value of certain mili-
tary stores which were turned, over by him in
1840 to a quartermaster, but for which he had not
been duly credited.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
H. L. KENDRICK RELIEF BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee ofthe Whole, bill No. 78, being the bill
for the relief of Brevet Major H. L. Kendrick.
The bill proposes to authorize the accounting
officers of the Treasury to credit Brevet Major H.
L. Kendrick with the sum of $1,294 66 in the set-
tlement of his accounts of the sales made by him
at Puebla, in Mexico, by order of General Worth,
of certain ordnance stores, the same being the
amount that was stolen from him at Jalapa, while
conveying it to Vera Cruz. *
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
PRIVATE BILL.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of John Rice Jones,
deceased.
Mr. SHIELDS called for the reading of the
report of the committee.
The Secretary read it accordingly. It em-
bodied several reports of committees made in
Congress on the same subject several years ago.
Mr. DOWNS. I will suggest to the Senate, as
the report of the committee which accompanies
. this bill is a very long one, that if the reading of
1 it is not insisted on, I hope it may be dispensed
! with. I will state to the Senate that this belongs
, to a class of claims for land which were confirmed
by an authority which was at the time deemed
; sufficient by the territorial government then exist-
ing in Illinois. The question was long mooted,
I and was finally submitted to the Supreme Court
I of that State, which decided that the title was a
just and legal one, and ought to be confirmed.
There have been several cases, which, in accord-
ii ance with that decision, have been referred to
