28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
• during the day, and solitary confinement at night,
• for the same period of time."
Mr. CASS. What was the offence?
Mr. HALE. The charge was mutiny and dis-
obedience of orders. The evidence is very brief,
and will be found in the report which has been
submitted to the Senate, agreeably to a resolution
passed a few davs since. I move that the memo-
rial and that report be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and that the report be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the peti-
tion which the Senator has presented is but a man-
ifestation of that false philanthropy which is abroad
in the country, and which is so much disposed to
interfere in matters not understood. The sen-
tence which was read by the Senator from New
Hampshire, he is quite aware, was not executed.
The charge which was preferred is one so grave
that in most countries it would have subjected the
offender to the sentence of death. Without know-
ing the circumstances, and the condition of the
garrison, and the necessity for resorting to this
extreme punishment to impress on that garrison
the necessity of obedience to orders, and to pre-
senre its efficiency as such, those persons have sent
the petition which the Senator has presented, and
he gravely asks for the printing of the record be-
fore the committee have had an opportunity to ex-
amine and inquire whether the interests of the
service would be subserved thereby or not.
I think it the duty of the Senate to look to the
interests of the service, and to the character of
the officers, and not to answer to every false sen-
timent that may instigate persons as ignorant as
meddlesome, to send petitions here. I am sorry,
therefore, that the Senator did not accept the sug-
gestion made by me to refer the whole matter to
the committee, and allow it to be examined by
them; and then let the Senate determine whether
the record shall be printed or not; and, if printed,
whether it should be printed with or without the
report which the committee may think proper to
make. 1 have not seen the record, and I am not
prepared to form an opinion now; but, upon an
examination, I will make the soundest decision I
am capable of as to the propriety of printing it,
and whether it is proper for the committee to sub-
mit a report to go forth with it or not.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would inform
the Senator that the motion to print must go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HALE. I hope, sir, I shall lire to see an
exhibition at someday, of "true" philanthropy;'
because every effort made since I have been here,'
let it be for what it would, has been stigmatized
V-v those opposed to it as "false" philanthropy.
Now, I believe, if there be within the limits of
this Republic one solitary class of individuals who
have aright to look to this Government for pro-
tection against oppression, particularly when that
oppression comes from an officer of this Govern-
ment, it is the private soldier and private sailor.
There is no other earthly power to which they
can look but to Congress.
The Senator from Mississippi suggested to me,
it is true, to let the subject go to the Committee on
Military Affairs before the motion to print was
made. 1 received the suggestion; but, as it did
not accord with my own convictions of what was
right and proper, with all due deference to that
Senator, I declined to accede to it. The honora-
ble Senator asserts that I know that the sentence
was not executed. I do not know a great deal
about it; but I understand that it was executed in
part; that it was approved by the officer who or-
dered the court-martial to be called, and was in
process of execution when the superior officer,
Major General Scott, had his eye fixed on the sen-
tence, and then, by his order, or by his sugges-
tion, that part which related to the wearing of this"
necklace, with seven prongs seven inches in length,
was remitted. But the sentence was executed in
part. I do not ask to have any extra numbers
printed to go out to the country; but, for the pur-
pose of enabling Senators to inform themselves of
the particulars of the case, I ask that it may be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would inform
the Senator that the motion, to print must ne-
cessarily be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that this
question of printing seems to involve the merits of j
the case, and I hope that it will not be referred
to that committee.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to print must
go to the Committee on Printing, under the rule.
Mr. BORLAND. Does it not require that a
vote should br taken upon it?
The PRESIDENT. Not at all. It must be
referred to the Committee on Printing, and it is
not debatable.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and the motion to print was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the following resolution; which was
considered by unanimous consent and adopted:
Rtxolctd, That the Committee on Finance be authorized
to employ a clerk during the present session of Congress at
the compensation usually paid heretofore to clerks of com-
mittees of the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of "William C. Easton, asking compensation for
certain services in the office of Commissary General
of Subsistence, submitted a report, which was or-
dered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PEARCE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
for the appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution;
Raolvtd, i'c. That the vacancy in the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution of the class "other than
members of Congress" be tilled by the reappointment of the
late incumbents, viz: Richard Rush, of Pennsylvania, and
Jouph G. Totten, of the city of Washington.
On the motion of Mr. PEARCE, the joint reso-
lution was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Having been re-
ported to the Senate, it was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was subsequently read a
third time and passed.
WESTERN ARMORY.
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill of
the following title:
A bill to authorize the President to select a siif for a
Western armory, and to procure the same, and to com-
mence the construction of the armory.
In introducing this bill Mr. BENTON said: I
am not on the committee to which I shall ask to
have this bill referred, Mr. President, and I will
therefore state in brief the object of the bill, and
the reasons why the bill before us leaves to the
President of the United States to select a site for
a Western armory, and to make purchase of the
site and commence the erection of the necessary
buildings thereon. The reason for giving the
power to make the selection to the President of
the United States is because it has been found im-
possible to get any site agreed upon by a vote of
Congress. It is now nearly forty years—ever
since the conclusion of the war of 1812 with
Great Britain—that a Western armory has been
considered a great Western object. It has now
grown up to be a national object. A most laud-
able effort was made to get a vote of Congress by
which the armory should be established. Colo-
nel Johnson, lately deceased, and who, if he had
died at almost any time for forty years past, would
have been "entitled to a kind and respectful notice
in this Chamber—hegave us twenty or thirty years
exertions for the establishment of this armory.
Volumes of reports were made upon the subject
by officers and commissioners sent out to examine
a great many places; and the bill authorizes the
President to make further examinations if he sees
fit. All water sites in the great West have been
examined before the invention of steam power
came into general use as a motive power. Many
places have been recommended. All these recom-
mendations failed in Congress. The moment that
it was proposed to adopt by law any site that was
so recommended, every Western Senator, if it
was in the Senate, deemed it his duty to move to
establish it in his own State, and every Western
member, if it was in the House, deemed it his
duty to move to have it established in his district.
Well, each one would get his own vote, and per-
haps two or three more; and there was an end of
it. In that way we have been going on for al-
• most forty years, and it has become certain that
no Western armory can ever be established unless
there is authority somewhere to make the abso-
lute selection of a site, and commence the neces-
sary buildings.
The bill which I propose lenves this selection to
the President of the United States. I will state
that heretofore it has been proposed frequently
among Western members, in consultation, to'leave
it to the President of the United States to select a
site. But during a dozen years of the time there
have been Presidents from some part of the West,
and there was a delicacy felt on the part of some
gentlemen to leave it to the President. Now we
have a President who is from no part of the West,
and I, for one, being intent on the great object, am
perfectly willing to abide his decision.
I stated that this was an object of great moment
almost forty years ago, at the time when St. Louis
was on the frontier of the United States, when
Chicago was on the frontier of the United States,
and when the capital of Arkansas was a frontier;
even then it was deemed a great object to have an
armory in the West. Now, sir, all these places
are becoming inland towns. They are mere start-
ing points to the frontiers. Our northern frontier
is up above the Palls of St. Anthony, and actual
settlements—even two States and two Territories
on the Mississippi—are above what was then the
frontier of the States. We have to supply all the
country up to the base of the Rocky Mountains,
over which we are now spreading military posts,
down to the Pacific ocean, to California, to Ore-
gon, to Utah, all New Mexico and the western
parts of Texas, which belong still to the West.
Here now we have a world thrown open beyond
what was the frontier forty years ago, all of which
not only needs arms, but presents now the largest
demands for arms. What was, almost forty years
ago, a Western object, is now a National object,
for the United States must supply arms to this
vast frontier, which has been so much extended
within our time. The distribution of the army is
now beyond, far beyond, what was the frontier in
j the war of 1812.
i We have two armories at present, as we all
1 know—one in Virginia, and one in Massachusetts.
They were established upon a principle that would
i have given one to the West, if there had been any
West at the time. But there was no West—that
i' is, no western settlements to make it an object to
j supply them with arms by an armory of their
! own. There were two armories established then,
one for the South and one for the North. They
were established for the two great sections of the
Union as it was then. Since that time the West
: has grown up, and has become a great section of
the Union—the greatest—and it has now become
a national object to give it the manufacture of our
own arms.
I have put this application upon the broad
ground that it is the duty of the Government of
the United States to supply the different parts of
the Union with what is necessary for its defence—
to give arms for their defence to all parts. To be
sure, we have arms sent to the West now, but they
are in the Atlantic States, and it is at great expense
that they are sent around, and to the extremes to
which they are intended to go. The transporta-
tion alone is a great expense. But there is another
point of view which we have a right to present,
and which I must beg leave to present to the Sen-
ate. It refers to some distribution of the expendi-
tures of the Federal Government. I do not go
over the ordinary list of vast expenditures upon
the seaboard, and the little upon the interior. But
here is an object the expense of which is but little
short of one million per annum, which was ap-
plied to the Atlantic seaboard, while the half of the
whole ought to go to the West. I find in the esti-
mates of appropriation this year the following:
For the armament of fortifications .$200,000
For the expense of ordnance, ordnance stores, and
supplies  100,000
For the current expenses of the ordnance service.. 100,000
For the manufacture of arms at the national arse-
nals  360,000
For repairs and improvements, and new machinery
at Harper's Ferry  33,100
For repairs and improvements, and new machinery
at Springfield armory  47,000
Making in all a total of.  830,100
all to be expended this year, as has been years
heretofore, and will be to all time, upon the armo-
ries upon the Atlantic board, to make arms for the
!! western frontier, and then transported at great
