1850.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
cost to the West—for that West where we have '!
all the materials, the iron, the wood, and the i
coal, and the transportation by rivers, and many-
convenient sites tor steam-power as well as water.
With these remarks, I ask leave to introduce
this bill, which I ask to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The bill was read the first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FOOTE gave notice of Wis intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Charles
D. Arfredson, late ChargS d'Affaires ad interim of
the United States at the Court of Norway and
S weed en.
DEATH OF HON. AMOS E. WOOD.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Yojjng, their Clerk:
Mr. President : I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to inform the Senate of the death of Hon. Amos
E. Wooti, one of the Representatives in the House of Rep-
resentatives from the State of Ohio, and of the proceedings
of the House thereon.
Hocse or Refresektatives, December 11,1850.
Resolved, That this House has heard with grief the an-
nouncement of the death of the Hon. Amos E. Wood, a
Representative in this body from the Sixth Congressional
District of Ohio; and as a token of respect for his character
and puolic services, the members and officers of this House
will wear the usual badge of morning lor thirty days.
Remind, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
transmit to the family of Mr. Wood certified copies of
these proceedings.
And, as a further mark of respect for the memory of the
deceased,
Resolved, That this'House do now adjourn.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, on a former oc-
casion it was my melancholy duty to announce
the death of the Representative of the Sixth Con-
gressional district of Ohio, first elected to this Con-
gress. It now devolves on me to advise the Sen-
ate of the decease of the Hon. Amos E. Wood,
who was elected to fill the vacancy thus created.
Having discharged his duties well and faithfully
during the late protracted session, he returned
home to mingle with his constituents, and receive
their welcome and approval. After a brief sojourn
among them, he prepared to return to his place
and duty here; and was on the eve of setting out
when he was suddenly summoned to join the ;
Great Assembly in the halls of death. The part- ;
ner of his bosom had preceded him to the world 11
of spirits. A band of interesting children survive i|
to lament their orphanage. j
Mr. Wood was born in Jefferson county, New
York. In 1825, when he was about fifteen years
old, he removed with his father to Portage county,
in Ohio. He was afterwards, for nearly two
years, a member of the family of his near rela-
tive, the present Governor of the State. In 1833
he settled permanently in Woodville, in Sandusky
county, and was a citizen of that place at the
time of his death. He died at Port Wayne, in
Indiana, whither he had gone for the purpose of
placing two of his children at school, on the 19th
of November just passed.
Mr. Wood commenced life without a fortune,
and without a liberal education. Intelligent and
persevering industry, however, supplied the one,
while a clear and vigorous understanding, enlarged
and improved by reading, observation, and reflec-
tion, compensated for the want of the other.
He was decided in his opinions, and immovable
in his adherence to what he believed to be the
right. This quality, as much as any other, and
perhaps more than any other, attracted to him the
large measure of public confidence which he en-
joyed. Twice he represented the district of which
nis county was a part, in the State House of Rep-
resentatives, and once for a term of two years in
the State Senate. In 1849 he was elected to Con-
gress, receiving about five thousand majority. To
the hour of his death he retained the confidence he
had won.
He was an honest, earnest, fearless man—true
to his principles, true to his friends, true to his
country. He died in the prime of a useful and
honorable life. Suddenly, at noon, was his sun
cast down from heaven. I mourn the death of
a sincere friend; his family weep for an affection-
ate and beloved father; his constituents deplore
the loss of a faithful and efficient representative.
The House, of which he was a member, have
manifested their appreciation of his worth by the
adoption of the resolutions which have just been
read at your table. I invite the Senate to join in
this deserved tribute of respect to his memory by
the adoption of the resolutions which I now send
to the Chair:
Resolved, That the Senate receive with sincere regret
the announcement of the death of the Hon. Amos E. Wood,
State a member of the House of Representatives from the
State of Ohio, and tender to the relatives of the deceased
the assurance of their sympathy with them under the be-
reavement they have sustained.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to transmit to the fiuuily of Mr. Wood a certified copy of
the foregoing resolution.
On motionbyMr.HALE,theSenateadjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Thursday, December 12, 1850. i
The House metat twelve o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SAWTELLE asked that the Hon. Mr.
Hackett be excused from service on the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, in consequence
of ill health.
The question being taken, he was excused; and
thereupon,
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Jokl B. Dan-
ner to fill the vacancy.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said that he saw from
the published list of committees, that he had been
placed on the Committee on Commerce and the
Committee for the District of Columbia. Both
those committees, he said, held frequent meetings,
which might prevent him from giving proper at-
tention to subjects referred to both; he therefore
asked to be excused from service on the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
The question was taken, and he was excused.
Thereupon,
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Broivn, of
Mississippi, to fill the vacancy.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE OF WATS AND
MEANS.
Mr. BAYLY asked the consent of the House
to introduce a resolution authorizing the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to appoint a clerk for the
present session, at the usual rate of compensation.
There being no objection, the resolution was in-
troduced and agreed to.
Mr. FULLER asked the unanimous consent of !
the House to introduce a resolution; which was
read for information.
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired of the Chair what
1 was the regular order of business ?
j The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business was the call of the standing committees
for reports.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, and the gentleman from Maine
cannot introduce his resolution.
Mr. GILBERT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] waive his call for the orders,
to permit me to introduce a resolution ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have just objected to the
resolution of the gentleman from Maine. I have,
however, every disposition to accommodate the
gentleman from California.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of improving the navigation
of the bays of San Francisco, San Pueblo, and sfuisson, and
the rivers Sacramento and San Joaquin, in the State of Cali-
fornia, by the construction of light-houses, buoys, and bea-
cons, as follow:
A light-house upon Angel Island, in the bay of San Fran-
cisco ;
A light-house at the straits of San Pueblo;
A light-house at some point upon the eastern shore of San
Pueblo bay, between the straits of San Pueblo and the straits
of Carquinez;
A light-bouse at the southern entrance to the straits of
Carquinez;
A light-house at the mouth of Sonoria creek;
A light-house at the mouth of Napa creek;
A light-house at the northern entrance to the straits of
Carquinez;
A light-house at some point on the bay of Suisson, be-
tween the northern entrance to the straits of Carquinez, and
the mouths of the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers ;
A beacon or beacons to mark the " Middle Ground" and
other dangers to navigation in the bay of Suisson;
A light-house at the mouth of San Joaquin river;
A light-house at the mouth of the Sacramento river;
Buoys to mark Blossom and Invisible Rocks, and other
dangers to navigation, in the Bay of San Francisco;
Buoys to mark the main channel in the Bay of San Pue-
blo; , ,
Buoys to manrfhe main channel in the Bay of Suisson.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be further
instructed to inquire into the expediency of an appropria-
tion for the purpose of dredging, removing bars and obstruc-
tions, and otherwise improving the navigation of the San
Joaquin and Sacramento rivers.
Mr. BURT. I believe, sir, the Committee on
Commerce have the power to institute these in-
vestigations without the instruction of the House.
I therefore object to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected
to, and cannot be introduced. Reports are now
in order.
EVIDENCE IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. STRONG. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report back to the House
the bill prescribing the mode of obtaining evidence
in cases of contested elections. I propose that the
bill be read; and, as it will give rise to considera-
ble interest, I presume its reading will prove ac-
ceptable to the House.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. STRONG resumed. There are, I under-
stand, several members of the House who would
like to examine the bill now read. It has not been
printed; and, in order to give members of the
House an opportunity to examine it, I move that
its further .consideration be postponed till next
Monday week, and that it be ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, will that have the
effect to make it the special order of the day ?
The SPEAKER said that it would not.
Mr. JONES. Will it come up on that day as
the business in order ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I move that the bill
be referred to the Cohimittee on the Judiciary.
There are some very important provisions in the
bill, as it strikes me from the reading of it. There
is one provision in it, if I understand it correctly,
which provides, that if any person desiring to
contest the election of another to a seat in this
House, does not give the person who may receive
the certificate of election notice within thirty days,
then he shall be debarred from contesting that
seat.
Mr. STRONG. The gentleman has misunder-
stood the bill. There is no such provision in it.
Mr. JONES. I am mistaken, then, as to that
portion of the bill. I cannot see, however, why it
is that the President and Senate must be called in
here, to aid us in making our rules and in deter-
mining the election and qualification of members
of this House, when this House has, under the
Constitution of the country, the sole, exclusive
right and power to judge of these questions for
itself. And, sir, I can see no necessity for intro-
ducing the present bill at this time. Elach House
must be a law to itself, with respect to the election
and qualification of its members.
The SPEAKER. The question of postpone-
ment is not debatable.
Mr. BURT. I trust that the motion of my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] will pre-
vail. I am one of those who desire to examine
this bill. I think there are some provisions in it
which are not likely to prevail; and I see no pro-
priety whatever in referring the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It comes appropriately
from the Committee.of Elections, and I trust the
House will give the direction asked by the chair-
man of that committee.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is to postpone the bill till Monday week.
Mr. ASHMUN. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question to postpone
till next Monday week takes precedence. A mo-
tion to refer has been already made, and the ques-
tion now before the House is, to postpone till
next Monday week.
The question being then taken,it was agreed
to, and the bill was postponed accordingly.
The SPEAKER said, that the next business in
order was reports from the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. BAYLY. I wish to call the attention of
the House to the repairs which seem necessary to
be made in the room occupied by the Committee
of Ways and Means; and I am instructed by that
committee to move a resolution, directing such
repairs to be made as the majority of the commit-
tee may think necessary.
The resolution was read, aa follows;
