30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
•utlmnsed to caose such repairs to be made in their com-
mittee room as a majority of said committee may deein
neces^jai-y.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion w s agreed to.
Mr. NELSON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported hack without amendment Senate bill No.
4. entitled " An act for the relief of the American
Colonization Society;" which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. VEN ABLE. I rise to a question of order.
I observe in the 23d rule, " that as soon as the
Journal is read, the Speaker shall call for petitions
from the members of each State, and Deletes
from each Territory, beginning with Maine;" and
as I understand it, according to the construction
generally eiven to that rule, this order of business
is imperative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided upon the order of business. It is proper,
however, that the House should know upon what
principles the Chair has arrived at this decision.
The practice of the House heretofore has been,
for the first thirty days of the session to call the
States for petitions, as stated by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Vewable;} but the
Chair is of the opinion, from a rule adopted du-
ring the last session of Congress, that that rule is
modified. That rule provides, that at the second
session of Congress, after the first six days, the
business of the House is resumed, as if there had
been no adjournment. By this rule, at the second
session of Congress, all bills, resolutions, and re-
ports of the preceding session shall be resumed,
just as if an adjournment had not taken place.
It is impossible to give efficiency to this rule, un-
less this construction be given to it; and it is under
such construction that the Chair has decided that
the business shall be taken up in this order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will the
Chair indulge me in a single remark?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi can proceed.
Mr. THOMPSON. The universal practice of
the House has been contrary to the reading which
is now given to this rule by the Chair, it seems
to me that the rule is imperative, that at each ses-
sion of Congress for the first thirty days the
States must be called for petitions, and that after
thirty days we have always called for petitions on i
each alternate Monday. The object is, I believe, ;
to get the business of Congress laid before the i
committees during the first thirty days, and that
has been the universal practice under these rules
ever since we have been members of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The only error into which
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson]
has fallen is, in reference to the time when the
rule read by the Chair was adopted. It was
adopted during the last Congress; and, therefore,
the practice of the House heretofore, though it
has been as the gentleman from Mississippi states,
does not contravene the decision of the Chair,
his decision being based on the adoption of the
rule subsequent to the practice referred to by the
gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. THOMPSON. The Chair alludes, I sup-
pose, to the 22d rule, adopted in 1818, which is in
these words:
"After six days from the commencement of a second or
subsequent session of any Congress, all bills, resolutions,
and reports, which originated in the House, and at the
close of the next preceding session remained undetermined,
dial! be resumed and acted on in the same manner as if an
adjournment had not taken place."
And the order of last Congress was only the
readoption of that rule, as I understand it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution adopted by
the last Congress expressly provides what the
Chair has stated. Such is his construction of the
rule. If it is wrong, the House will set him right.
And the Chair more readily adopts this construc-
. tion, because he believes that the resumption of
the business of the preceding session will expe-
dite the business of the House. The calling of
the States for petitions would not expedite the busi-
ness of the House so rapidly as the construction
which the Chair has given the rule, and he was
brought to that construction by this opinion.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported the following' ,
joint resolution; which was read a first time:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That the Post-
master General be authorised to appoint the present First
Assistant Postmaster General a commissioner and special
agent of the Department, (for a term not exceeding six
months,^ and to assign Imn to the organization of foreign
postal arrangements, and of the mail serviee 111 the Pacific
portion of the United States, and to such additional duties
in connection therewith, at a compensation not exceeding
his actual and necessary expenses in addition to the annual
pay of au Auditor of the Treasury; and that said commis-
sioner, with a special agent of the Department, or a post-
master in California or Oregon, or a special agent of the
department in California or Oregon, with a postmaster,
have the like power to open proposals, as is given by the
law to the two Assistant Postmasters General at the Gen-
eral Post Office, and to take all like proceedings, subject to
approval by the Postmaster General.
The joint resolution having been read a second
time—  
Mr. POTTER said : I propose, Mr. Speaker,
to put this resolution upon its passage now, and I
ask the attention of the House to it for one mo-
ment. The mail service in Oregon and Califor-
nia has been advertised for, and the advertisement
of the Postmaster General states that the bids for
such service will be opened at San Francisco.
Now, by the law organizing the Post Office De-
partment, bids cannot be opened at any other
place than at the General Post Office in Washing-
ton city. The advertisements, therefore, will go
for nothing. The service will not be taken; the
bids will not be accepted, unless this proposition
prevail here.
It is simply a resolution, under which it is in-
tended to appoint an officer—Major Hobbie, one
of the Assistant Postmasters General here—to go
to San Francisco and receive these bids. His
compensation is to be only what it now is, with
his expenses added to it. And on the trip there
the resolution proposes that he shall make postal
arrangements at Havana, Panama, and at Ja-
maica, so that the mails may be exchanged there
with greater facility than now.
I have no doubt of the necessity of this arrange-
ment; and it will be about as economical a one as
to have the service readvertised, and the bids
sent here from California and Oregon. It is pro-
posed, if this resolution pass, to send Major
Hobbie to San Francisco immediately, that he may
be there ready to open the bids for the mail .ser-
vice; and he will be authorized by the resolution
to make a contract, subject to the approval of the
Postmaster General in Washington. I hope there
will be no objection to the passage of the reso-
lution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Ohio how long the
agent is to remain in California ?
Mr. POTTER. For six months only. It is
supposed that the business may be completed ,
there within six months. It may be done sooner.
The resolution contemplates the existence of this
office for but six months.
Mr. DUER, (interposing, and Mr. Potter
yielding the floor.) I should like to ask of the
gentleman from Ohio an explanation upon one
point. I think the resolution provides that a par-
ticular person shall be appointed agent. Is it so ?
Mr. POTTER. The resolution specifies the
Assistant Postmaster General, who is Mr. Hobbie.
Mr. DUER. So I understood it, and I believe
that gentleman would be a very proper appoint-
ment; but I would suggest that it would be more
proper to leave the matter to the discretion of the
Postmaster General.
Mr. POTTER. The resolution mentions the
First Assistant Postmaster General; and I was au-
thorized by the Postmaster General to insert it in
the resolution. The Postmaster General desires it.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, (interposing, and
Mr. Potter yielding the floor.) I desire, with
the permission of the gentleman from Ohio, only
to say, that it is wholly useless to send any person
upon this mission unless you send some person
thoroughly acquainted with the whole Post Office
system and postal arrangements. If Major Hob-
bie's name is inserted in the resolution I will go
for it with pleasure, as he is a gentleman upon
whose competency and ability we can rely.
Agents whom we have sent to that country never
can perfect that system, unless we substitute some
person who understands the whole minutia of the
service, and the arrangements necessary. Six
months is about sufficient to accomplish this; and
when the machinery is put into operation, there
will be no difficulty in managing it. I am in favor
of this rather than what was recommended by the
late Postmaster General, to establish in California
a separate post office department. That cannot lie
done. I am in favor of this resolution, which will
enable the Department to place that system upon
a proper and permanent footing.
Mr. BOWLIN. ■ I am opposed to this whole
matter of having separate departments for different
sections of the country. Now, sir, it will be recol-
lected that these bids are made by letter, and I
undertake to say that a letter can reach Washing-
ton from San tftuicisco as soon, if not sooner,
than from some parts of Missouri. And, sir, if
we are to begin this business of dividing our de-
partments into sections because the country is so
large, it is obvious that .it will have a tendency to
promote the designs of the disunionists.
Mr. POTTER, (Mr. Bowlin yielding the
floor.) If the gentleman from Missouri had paid
attention to what fell from me just now, I think he
would not have made the remarks which he is
now making. As I stated before, this is but a
temporary office; it is to continue only for six
months. The Postmaster General has advertised
for bids for this mail service, and advertised that
those bids are to be opened at San Francisco,
which he has no power to do; and therefore, un-
less this resolution is adopted, and some person
sent to California by the authority of Congress,
competent to make the contracts, the mail service
in California and Oregon must be suspended until
the Department can readvertise, until additional
bids can be received here and returned again to
California, and further, until the contractors can
return their securities here, which would cause a
delay of at least twelve months.
But this, as I said before, is but a temporary
matter, rendered necessary by the error into
which the Postmaster General has fallen in ad-
vertising the bids to be opened in San Francisco,
when the law requires them to be opened here
and nowhere else. It is not intended as a per-
manent arrangement, but merely as a temporary
one, and I hope, therefore, that there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. BOWLIN (who was nearly inaudible at
the Reporter's desk) was understood to say: I un-
derstood the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,]
when he was first up, that this was but a tempo-
rary matter, but 1 did not understand the jeason
why it was rendered necessary—to correct an
error into which the Postmaster General has fallen.
But, sir, I am opposed to the principle of the
thing. Texas, Missouri, Wisconsin, Iowa, and
other distant portions of the country, are as distant
from Washington (so far as postal matters are
concerned) as San Francisco; and once commence
the practice, there is no telling how'far it may
lead. I am entirely opposed to the principle, and
hope the House will not adopt the resolution.
Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Speaker, I am in favor
of the passage of this resolution, or some other in
reference to this subject. The Government has in-
curred enormous expense in providing for the trans-
mission of the mails from here to California and
Oregon, or to the port of San Francisco in the
State of California only; and the current history
of that State shows, that the temporary sojourners
in California and the citizens who are employed at
the mines, are victimized by a set of speculators
located at San Francisco ana in the neighborhood
of the mines, who transmit letters each way.
Now, if this Government has sufficient consid-
eration for the people in California to convey their
mails to the principal seaports, I hold that they
ought to carry them into the interior of the coun-
try; for whatever matter does reach the mines, in
the interior, reaches them under a tariff that is an
outrage; and not only this, but they are at present
involved in all the uncertainties of the private
transmission of their mail matter. We are in-
formed by a publication in San Francisco, that a
letter to be conveyed into the interior is subjected
to a tariff of two dollars.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, (interposing). I de-
sire, if the gentleman from Ohio will allow me, just
to state one fact. When Texas was annexed, she
had her own mail system, but in regard to Califor-
nia the case is different. The Postmaster General
appointed the late oostmaster general of Texas, as .
post office agent oT this Government. He under-
stood perfectly well the Texan system, blithe did
not understand the system in. the United States;
, and there was continued confusion, until the Post-
i master General was compelled to appoint an agent,
