32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12.
believe thai the gentleman from Oregon is also in-'
formed in relation to that matter. I may have
been incorrectly informed, but that is my infor-
mation.
Mr. THURSTON. I usually understand what
I am about, and when I say a thing I usually pre-
tend to know it, and I know that Mr. Ferguson
is commissioned to Oregon as special agent by the
Postmaster General; that he has been instructed
to consult with the post office agent now located
in Oregon, to survey the whole ground, to inquire
what the Territory wants in connection with the
carrying of the mails; and he is instructed, after
having got possession of all the facts of the case,
to make a report directly to the Department here
as to the wants of the Territory.
Mr. PHELPS, (interposing.) I desire to know
whether you are informed that Mr. Ferguson is
employed as agent of a steamboat company?
Mr. THURSTON. I know that after Air. Fer-
guson has discharged all the duties for which he
was sent out by the Department, and made his
report to the Postmaster General, he is then to re-
ma n in the country and enter into other business.
Mr. PHELPS. But you are aware that he is
the agent of a steamboat company ?
Mr. THURSTON. No matter whether he is
agent or not.
The SPEAKER. This conversation is entirely
out of order. Gentlemen must not interrupt un-
less the floor is yielded regularly.
Mr. THURSTON, (resuming.) Now, sir,
what I want to call the attention of the House to
is this, that the post office agent at San Fran-
cisco came here to Washington some time since. I
had the curiosity to inquire what he was after, and
I ascertained that he recommended the Postmaster
General to have a Second Assistant Postmaster
General appointed for the whole Pacific coast, who
should reside at San Francisco. He then recom-
mended to have a dead letter office located at San
Francisco, and all our business carried on at
that office, by three separate officers, all of
whom were to be located at San Francisco. The
Postmaster General wrote a letter to Mr. Rusk,
chairman of the Post Office Committee in the Sen-
ate. Mr. Rusk introduced a bill into the Senate, du-
ring the last session of Congress, to carry out those
recommendations. Finding out that plan, I went
to the Postmaster General, and to Mr. Rusk,
and protested solemnly, in the name of the Ore-
gon Territory, against any project of that kind;,
saying to both gentlemen, that so far as Oregon
was concerned, she wished to be disconnected from j i
California, and not to be made dependent on that I
State, or upon any Californian officer. I received
assurances from Mr. Rusk, that no bill of that
kind, proposing the appointment of officers to be
located at San Francisco, would meet the approba-
tion of the Senate. That matter tumbled through
for the time being. Now, I do know, that this is
but the precursor of that ulterior project; and
when gentlemen vote for this resolution, depend
on it, they rote for a measure that will take out of
the Treasury of the United States $20,000 every
year. That is what you vote for, and I warn you
against it.
We ask you for none of these things in Oregon.
We simply want a post office agent, at a salary
of $1,500 a year. That is all we ask, and all we
want. Separate us from California. Give us a
separate officer, with a salary of $1,500 a year.
We do not ask any favors, but we do not want
our offices or officers located at San Francisco.
Now this is my statement of the case, and I call,
upon every gentleman who regards the interests
of the Oregon Territory—who regards our rights
and our privileges, to vote against any project
whatever, the effect of which may be to make us
dependent upon officers stationed at San Francisco.
We know that San Francisco is a maelstrom
which sucks down and swallows up everything
that comes within its reach, and we do not want
to be dependent on it. These are my objections
to this project. I see in it a well-directed blow at
the interests and rights of the Territory which I
represent here. Those rights I \^ill defend against
any attack or opposition, from whatever quarter ,
it may come. ,
Mr. JONES ftioved to strike out from the reso-
lution the words "the First Assistant Posmaster
General." The resolution, sir, (said Mr. J.,)as at
present worded, attempts to do indirectly what
every gentleman upon this floor will concede that;
the Congress of the United States has no power to
do directly. The Constitution of the United States
vests the power of appointment in the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, but, at the same time, provides
that Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of the Departments. But this resolution au-
thorizes the Postmaster General not to appoint an
officer merely, but to appoint a certain individual
as a commissioner in his Department for certain ser-
vices. It does so without giving any power to ap-
point any other individual than the one designated
ui the resolution under consideration.
Now, sir, if the public service requires the du-
ties of such an agent or commissioner, give to the
appointing power the right to make such selection
as it thinks proper. This does not, it is true,
comnumd him to appoint this individual as its com-
missioner in the General Post Office Department;
but it authorizes him to do it.
Suppose he (the Postmaster General) does not
think proper to appoint this individual, then he
has no power to appoint any other; and the ser-
vice cannot therefore be performed. This reso-
lution only authorizes him to send the individual
specified to California, but he is not to be sent there
as the First Assistant Postmaster General.
I take it for granted that the present First Assist-
ant Postmaster General will either resign or be
discharged from his present office; and he is to be
sent, under this resolution, as a commissioner to
California, with a compensation not exceeding the
salary of an Auditor. Why not say not exceed-
ing the salary of an Assistant Postmaster Gene-
ral.
The salary of an Assistant Postmaster General
is $2,500, whilst that of an Auditor is $3,000. In
addition to this increase of salary, (the salary of
an Auditor,) all his expenses are to be paid.
This commission, £dso, is not to extend be-
yond six months. Suppose, sir, that in that time
he has been unable to accomplish his object in
full: then he has no authority to continue his
operations, without receiving further appointment.
It seems to me that, whatever may be the design
of the thing, the only effect of it will be to
send a particular individual upon this mission,
with a salary and his expenses paid, to a country
to which, perhaps, he intends to go at any rate.
I do not know, sir, how that may be.
Mr. POTTER. I would merely suggest to
my friend, that the duties assigned to this agent
are specific. He has to receive and adjudicate •
upon the bids for mail service contracts, embracing
four years, from the first of July next, and con- !
sequently he must, previous to that date, have re- :
ceived all the bids and made his decisions. I
Mr. JONES. That does not alter the case at
all, for if it be necessary for the public service that
such an agent be appointed, why does Congress
attempt to designate the individual to be selected,
when we have not the appointing power for these
executive offices ? This belongs, according to the
Constitution, only to the President and the Senate,
or to the courts of the county and the heads of
Departments, when placed there by law. Why
should Congress assume in this case the powers
which appropriately belong to the Executive De-
partment? If the Postmaster General does not
think fit to appoint the individual designated, the
service must suffer for want of some person by
whom these duties are to be performed. If, sir, the
amendment which I propose, to strike out the
words " the present Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral," be adopted, the resolution will then leave
it discretionary with the Postmaster General to
appoint some other person.
Now, sir, I have no objection to his appointing I
the person referred to—the First Assistant Post-
master General—but, on the contrary, if Congress ;
authorizes the appointment of this officer, I should I
be highly gratified at the result—as much as at '
the appointment of any gentleman I know of. I
think he is eminently qualified for that service, as
for almost any other service connected with the
post office operations of the country, and particu-
larly with that department of it over which he has
presided with so much ability and advantage to
the country for a number of years—the contract
branch of the Post Office service.
But in every case in our decisions in this House,
I think we snould be governed by general princi-
pies, and by the Constitution, and give the ap-
pointment of all offices to the Executive as con-
templated by the Constitution, or to the head of
the appropriate department. It is not for us to de-
signate the individual who shall be appointed by
the head of the Department, leaving him no other
selection.
Now, sir, I do not know that this officer is at all
required by the exigencies of the country; that it
is at all important to the Department that a selec-
tion should be made. Perhaps if it was not for
the purpose of providing for this particular case,
we should not be asked to authorize this appoint-
ment. However that may be, I hope that my
amendment will be made, and then that the Post-
master General may make a selection if he thinks
proper, and the public service requires it. Offices
should be created to promote the public business,
but not to provide for individuals.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question, which received a second—
ayes 72, noes 70.
The main question was ordered.
The question being put on the amendment of
Mr. Jones, it was taken, and carried in the
affirmative.
The question now being, Shall the joint resolu-
tion be engrossed and read a third time?
Mr. THURSTON inquired whether it was in
order to move to lay the resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER said it was in order.
Mr. THURSTON. Then I make that motion,
and ask for tellers.
Mr. DUER called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR requested that the resolution
might be again read; and it was read.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, communicating
information relative to the passage of several bills
of a private character.]
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the joint resolution on the table, and decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 105, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert J. Brown,
Buel, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Cleveland, Clingman, Colcock, Daniel, Danner, Dis-
ney, Dunham, Nathan Evans, Featherston, Fuller, Gid-
dings, Gilmore, Green, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Sampson \V.
Harris, Hay, Hebard, Hibhard, Holladay, Hubbard, Inge,
Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Leffier, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Marshall, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, Mc-
Lanahan, McMullen, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris,
Morrison, Ogle, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Savage, Seddon, Spaul-
ding, Strong, Sweetaer, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wentworth, and Wildrick
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Ashmun, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, William J. Brown,
Bullard, Burrows, Butler, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell
Deberry, Dickey, Diminick, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Ed-
inundson, Eliot, Ewing, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry,
Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Griunell,Halloway, Hammond, Hamp-
ton, Harlan, ThomasL. Harris,Haymond, Henry, Holmes,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, J. W. Jackson, W. T. Jackson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, La Sire, Matteson, McKis-
sock, Moore, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Olds, Orr,
Outlaw, Phelps, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Robbins, Ross, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle,
Schenck, Schermerhom, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Taylor,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Vinton,
Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey,
Williams, Wright, and Young—105.
The question recurred, and was put, on order-
ing the joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time, and carried in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER said that if there was no ob-
jection, the joint resolution would now receive its
third reading.
Mr. JONES objected.
So the resolution lies over till to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn till Mon-
day next.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion.
REPORTS FROM JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
the bill from the Senate No. 207, entitled "An
act for the relief of Elizabeth L. Blackburn," re-
ported the same back' without amendment; which
was referred to a committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.
