THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION,
31st Congress, 2nd Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1850.
New Sbiues No. 3.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, to which j
was referred the bill of the Senate No. 247, enti-
tled " An act for the relief of Simeon Greenleaf,"
reported the same back without amendment, and
■with a recommendation that it do not pass.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, tlie bill was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
tack without amendment the bill from the benate
No. 127, entitled." An act making compensation to
"Walter Colton;" which was referred to a commit-
tee of the Whole House, aud made the order of
the day for to-morrow.
Mr.'T. also, from the same committee, reported
back without amendment, the bill for the relief of
Hyacinth Riopel and others, heirs and assignees
of'Ambrose Riopel, deceased; which was referred
to a committee of the Whole House,made the or-
der of the day for to-morrow, and the bill and re-
port accompanying ordered to be printed.
INJUNCTIONS IN PATENT CASES.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, to which
■was referred sundry memorials of citizens of Penn-
sylvania on the subject, reported a bill regulating
the practice of courts in granting injunctions in
patent cases; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be prmted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
whether it would be in order to move to make the
bill a special order?
The SPEAKER said it would, if there was no
objection.
Mr. THOMPSON then moved that the bill be
made the-special order for this day week.
Mr. HUNTER objected; and the jnotion was
"not entertained.
COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back the
bill changing the time of holding the district
courts of the United States for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Tennessee, with an amendment striking
out the " first Monday," and inserting the " sec-
ond Monday," in lieu thereof.
The question was put on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and 1
read a third time; and, being engrossed, was read i
the third time and passed.
INTEREST DUE GEORGIA. |
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, also re-1
ported back without amendment Senate bill No.
210, entitled " An act to authorize the Secretary of
War to allow the balance of interest to the State
of Georgia for advances made for the use of the
United States for the suppression of the hostilities
of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Indians,
in the years 1836, 1837, and 1838.''
Mr.'T. asked that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to amend the '
bill by striking therefrom the-words " or lose" ,
in the last line thereof. .
Mr. JONES said jy wished to make an inquiry
of the Chair, whether the bill did not make an ap-
propriation of money, and must of consequence
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER said he understood that it did
not.
Mr. THOMPSON said the bill only fixed the
rule for regulating the payment of interest, which
has received the sanction of the Government. The
committee on the same principle allowed interest
to all the States of the Union. He did not deem
it necessary to detain the House with any further
explanation. *
Mr. FOWLER wished to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, at what
time this claTm dates; and what was the amount
of interest involved in the bill ?
Mr. THOMPSON replied that the debt was in-
curred in the years 1837 and '38.
Mr. FOWLER desired to be informed what
was the amount of interest ? j
! Mr. WELLBORN. I will explain. Myopin-
I ion is, that the principal sum on which interest is
by the bill to be paid, does not vary very materi-
ally, according to my information, from $100,000,
to $110,000. This sum was paid by Georgia in
in 1836,-'7,-'8, ana was to have been refunded in
1844 by the General Government. Interest is
now demanded by the State of Georgia on this sum
for the five or six years that have intervened.
This period is the time during which interest is
computed in the bill. The State of Georgia is ac-
tually paying interest on a State debt exceeding
the principal sum referred to during the time which
has intervened between the period of its advance-
ment by the State and its repayment by the Gen-
eral Government. The rule of action on which
the bill is proceeding, has been recognized by this
Government, heretofore, in similar cases.
Mr. FOWLER said he understood, then, that
the interest was for five or six years on upwards
of #100,000.
On motion by Mr. SCHENCK, the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. VENABLE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the Senate bill
No. 180, entitled an "Act for the relief of Gamaliel
Taylor, late marshal of the District of Indiana,
and his sureties," reported the same back without
amendment.
Mr- V-, after a few words of explanation in
favor of the immediate passage of the resolution,
called for the reading of the report. It was read,
as follows:
That said Taylor ma marshal of said district in 1836, and
for some years subsequently; that J. F. D. Lanier, Elmore
Gale, Adolphus W. Flint, and George Fobinson, were his
sureties on his official bond; that in April, 1838, he received
a distress warrant, in favor of the United States, against J.
T. Pollock, then receiver of public moneys at Crawfords-
ville, Indiana, for $40,498 37, which he proceeded forthwith
to execute; that, before or in August, 1838, he paid to the
treasHry, by taking up drafts drawn on him by the treasury,
$15,335 06, of which the marshal wis advised by the so-
licitor, and also informed them of other outstanding drafts,
! which, if paid by Pollock, would leave due but f5,286 06;
and that Pollock solicited indulgence for this balance.
| These drafts, were not all duly honored by Pollock lip to
21st of November, 1838, when, it appears, there was still a
balance due on the warrant of ,$14,891 98. There was a
Judgment, a lien on Pollock's lands, in the Federal Court
of Indiana, o.M'T than the warrant, and other judgments
subsequent to the warrant were obtained in the same court
by individuals. In February, 1839, the marshal made
levies, in the execution of "said warrant, on these judg-
i ments. He allowed Pollock to sell wheat and horses to
meet part of the Treasury drafts against him, and the
proceeds were so appropriated, and the balance thereby
reduced. Pollock eloigned some of his personal property;
the marshal sold all his lands and property that he could
obtain, and the proceeds were applied on the execution and
warrant, aeeordmg to law. There is a balance unpaid by
Pollock of j>6,051 95. Taylor ceased to be marshal in Jan-
uary, 1840. It appears that the Treasury officers are seek -
in? to coerce Taylor and his sureties to pay this, on the
alleged ground that he should have prevented Pollock
from eloigning his goods, and should have executed the
warrant. From the documents filed, the committee Bre
satisfied, 1st, That the interference of the Treasury officers
in the collection of part of the debt from Pollock on the
warrant, while it was in his hands, was such, that, if it
was the case of an individual plaintiff, it would exonerate
the marshal. 2d, That the marshal acted with fidelity and
due diligence in the case, and under the instructions of the
Treasury, and is not liable justly for the property eloigned
by Pollock; and, in fact, that those instructions, and the
i course pursued by the marshal under them, advanced the
interests of the United States. The committee, if they err
in this, are satisfied that, under the circumstances of this
' case, it would be an extremely rigorous enforcement of the
law to collect the balance due from Pollock of Taylor and
his sureties, even if they may be held liable under the
strict rules of law; and they accordingly report a bill, en-
titled " A bill for the relief of Gamaliel Taylor, late mar-
shal of the district of Indiana, and his sureties," and rec-
| ommend its passage."
' Mr. SWEETSER (whom it was difficult to
hear in the Reporter's gallery) said: It appears
that a large portion of the claim had been paid by
Pollock, and that the balance does not amount to
much above |6,000.
Mr. VENABLE was understood to say that
j the marshal was held responsible for a loss which
j was simply the result of the interference of the
' Treasury officers. It was to him a very plain
case of oppression, and one into which he had
I minutely examined, and he could say, that the
relief asked for ought, in his opinion, clearly to be
granted. It was a hard case, and one for which he
thought the House might allow compensation, in
a sense of perfect justice, without favor.
Mr. BOWLIN said that giving relief was one
thing, and compensation for wrong was another.
He hoped that the House would not decide
rashly, but would discuss the subject fully, so
that injustice might be done to neither party.
He always liked to know what he voted for, and
it was equally necessary that the House should
also know how it was proceeding, as regards the
claim. He was opposed to it, not to any specific
amount, but that as yet he was not convinced of
its necessity. He therefore moved to strike out
the second section; which was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. JInd be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury lie, and he is hereby,au-
thorized and directed to make said Gamaliel Taylor sucli
fair and reasonable compensation for his services rendered
in said case, as to said accounting officer may seem just
and equitable.
Mr. CROWELL moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, expressed the hope
that the bill would not be committed. He said
that he was recorder at the time this distress
warrant was issued and that he recorded it with his
own hands, and there never was a juster case of
relief than was provided for by the bill.
Mr. SWEETSER inquired whether any action
had been brought against the sureties in this case i
, Mr. BROWN replied, that it was some time
since he left Indianapolis, and that he was unable
to answer the gentleman's question.
! Mr. CROWELL. I do not propose to evade
the discussion of the question; but I look upon it
j as a very important one, and one that ought not to
1 be passed upon without the fullest investigation,
and I, for one, am not willing to vote, or that the
House should vote, upon this occasion. It will be
setting's precedent if this bill pass, in my opinion,
very dangerous in its character. I hope, therefore,
that my motion will be approved, and that the bill
will be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, there to receive the fullest,
and amplest investigation and discussion; and if it
has merits, let us grant the relief; and if not, as I
believe it will be found, I think the bill should
be rejected.
Mr. VENABLE. I would merely remark, that
I am perfectly willing to accept the modification
of the gentleman from Missouri. I move the
previous question. He withdrew it at the solici-
tation of
Mr. DUNHAM, who said that he believed
he should be able, in the few remarks he would
! offer, to show that the proceedings, under the
^application of the officer of the Treasury De-
partment, )>y its marshal, were perfectly unex-
ceptionable; but, under the circumstances of the
■ case, could not have been expected to have re-
sulted differently. It was just at this period, as
every one who was acquainted with the history of
the country must be aware—that is to say, in the
year 1840-'41—that property became considerably
i decreased in value. A general break-up—if he
he might use the word—ensued. The transac-
tions referred to took place in 1838, before the
break-up had commenced, or property had depre-
ciated so much in value. The warrant was levied
upon a large amount of real estate; and at that
! time, had it been forced into sale, it would have
realized a much smaller sum than was requisite to
1 pay the debt. Some time, therefore, must natu-
rally ensue before it could be brought to sale. It
did not, therefore, appear to him that the marshal
j could be blamed.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, made some re-
marks, which were inaudible to the Reporter,
i Mr. DUNHAM said he only wanted to explain
j a single point, but he would waive it and renew
the demand for the previous question. It received
a second, and the main question was ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
! commit, and decided in the negative,
j Mr. CROWELL called for tellers.
' The SPEAKER said, he was too late; that tell-
