34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
ers could not be called for after the vote was an-
nounced. The gentleman can only call for the
yens and imvs after the announcement is made.
Mr. CRO\VELL then called lor the yeas and
navs; bill they were not ordered.
The question then recurred on Mr. Bowust's
amendment to strike out the second section. It
was taken, and determined in the affirmative
The hill was then ordered to a third reading.
The question now was, " Shall the bill be read a
third time?*' 
Mr. CROWEL objected.
The SPEAKER said that the bill was engrossed,
and the gentleman's objection could not stop ac-
tion, if a ma jority determined otherwise.
Mr. SWEETSER inquired of the Chair wheth-
er the previous question had exhausted itself?
The SPEAKER said, not until after the bill
shall have received its third reading.
The bill having received its third reading—
Mr. DUNHAM moved the previous question,
which received a second; and the main question
was ordered, which was on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. SWEETSER called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER, on a count, said that tellers
were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
' By Mr. MORSE : The petition of John A. Ragan, pray- •!
1 ing Congress to allow him to drain the low lands of the Mis- H
sissippi, upon certain conditions therein mentioned. <
By Mr. MILLIARD: The petition of James M.Paris
and others, praying for an increase of compensation of laud
ortieors.
ltv Mr. BUF.L : The petition of Richard H. Nodlne and
41 others, members of a company of sappers and miners,
at West Point, praying to be discharged or disbanded.
Also, the petition from present and late officers of Ionia
land office, Michigan, for compensation for locating mili-
tary bounty land warrants.
Mr. DUNHAM moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and moved to lay that motion on the
table; and the question bring taken, the latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE moved that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The yeas and nays w#e demanded by several.
They were ordered; and the question being taken,
the result was—yeas 23, nays 143.
So the House refused to adjourn till Monday
next.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
 NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WENT WORTH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill granting a donation of land to aid
in the completion of the northern cross railroad running
from Danville, Illinois, through Champaign county, and
Springfield, to Quincy, on the Mississippi river.
Also, a bill repealing so much of the tarifflatv of 1846, as
provides for a duty upon salt.
Mr. PHCE.VIX gave notice that he intended to ask leave
So introduce a bill to amend an act passed the 28th Septem-
ber, 1850, in relation to drawback on merchandise exported j
to Canada.
Mr. THURSTON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce bills of the following .titles :
A bill providing a revenue cutter for the District of Or- I
egon.
A bill for the establishment of a marine hospital at As-
toria, in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. McMULLEN gave notice that he should introduce
on the first occasion after to-day that the rules of the House
would allow, a bill granting public land to the Virginia and
Tennessee Railroad Company, to aid in the construction
of that road.
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions were presented under the rale,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CHANDLER : The memorial of sundry citizens
of Philadelphia, asking Congress to provide for the con-
struction of a harbor at Reedy Island, in the Delaware.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of Jaines Cahill, of
Brown county, Ohio, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. SPAULDING: The petition of Philena Phelps,
widow of Cornelius Phelps, deceased, for a pension for
services rendered in the revolutionary war.
Also, the petition of John Oliver, asking payment for
4M  Continental money held by him.
Also, the petition of Samuel C. Green tor back pension.
By Mr- BI33ELL : The petition of G. T. Hoke and
ffthers, citizens of Washington county, Illinois, praying
for the removal of the Kaskaskia land office to Chester.
Also, the petition of Joseph B. Holmes and others, citi-
sens of the Kaskaskia land district, praying for the re-
moval of the land office to Chester.
Also, the petition of John Pate and others, citizens of Il-
linois, praying an allowance for money due them for back
rations, lie.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of John Harper,
praying ibe passage of «law authorizing him to institute a
suit against the United Spates to recover the value of land
held by the Government.
By Mr. COLE : The memorial of the late and present
register and receiver of ifie Mineral Point land office, ask-
ing compensation for the location of military land war-
rants.
, j^r' MORTON: Memorial of 97 citizens of Alezan-
,a' paying for a reduction of postage.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Daniel McDonald and
41 other citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress forthwith to repeal the law passed at its last ses-
sion, approved September 18,1850. I
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 12, 1850. x
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
citizens of the State of New York, soliciting of
Congress a careful examination of the claims for
spoliations by the French prior to 1800, and the
passage of such an act as may be calculated to
obviate the objections of the President, and to pro-
mote those measures of justice which are due from
a patriotic and paternal Government to its long-
suffering and patient citizens; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of Nancy Whiting, widow of
_an officer of the army during the last war with
Great Britain, asking a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of James
Dunning, asking interest on an amount due under
a contract with an officer of the Government;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of John
A. Rogers, asking compensation for his services
as an examiner in the land offices in the States of
Alabama and Mississippi; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
THE DISCOVERER OF THE COLUMBIA- RIVER.
Mr. WINTHROP. I have in my hand a me-
morial of Mrs. Martha Gray, of Boston, the
widow of Captain Robert Gray, the discoverer of
the Columbia river. Captain Robert Gray was in
the naval service of the country during a part of
the revolutionary war. Being afterwards em-
ployed in the merchant service, he made a voy-
age, between the years 1787 and 1790, in the sloop
Washington, and was the first to carry the flag of
our Union at the masthead of a vessel bearing that
august name in triumph round the world. In a
subsequent voyage, in the year 1792, he discovered
and entered the Columbia river, and gave to it the
name of the ship which he then commanded.
The memorial is accompanied by some very in-
teresting papers. Here is the original sea-letter,
signed Dy George Washington, and attested by
Thomas Jefferson, under which the Columbia
sailed from Boston'in 1790. Here is a similar
paper, bearing the seal of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, and the signature of John Han-
cock, its then Governor. Here is the clearance
certificate from the Boston custom-house, signed
by Benjamin Lincoln, then collector of the port,
but whose name is more familiar to history in its
connection with more than one of our great revo-
lutionary battle-fields, both at the North and at the
South. It seems a fit and striking coincidence
that so many of the foremost men of our Republic
should have been thus associated in authenticating
the national character of the vessel and the voyage
which were to achieve so important a discovery.
Here, too, are the original instructions of Joseph
Barrell, the owner of the Columbia, and one of the
most eminent merchants of that day, showing the
objects with which the voyage was undertaken,
and the liberal and patriotic spirit in which it was
to be prosecuted.
The voyage was merely mercantile in its design,
but it terminated, as is well known, in securing to
this country the first and best element in its title
to a vast territory on the Pacific. In the protracted
controversy between Great Britain and the United
States, which was so happily brought to a close
a few years since, no point was more successfully
relied on by our American negotiators than the
discovery of the Columbia river by Captain Gray.
It is not too much to sa.y that that discovery gave
us Oregon.
Captain Gray did not live to see his country
reap the fruits of his adventure and enterprise,
much less taste any of them himself. He died in
1806, leaving a widow and four children, and very
little property.
Mrs. Gray and her daughters, only one of
whom has been married, have since supported
themselves mainly by their own exertions and
economy, the widow having never even enjoyed
the benefit of a pension for her husband's revo-
lutionary services, owing in part to the date of
her marriage, and in part to some technical defect
in the evidence. She now calls upon Congr^s to
cheer her old age by making such a grant to her-
self and daughters as shall be "in accordance
with the liberal spirit in which it may be proper
that a great and magnanimous Government should
regard the circumstances of the widow and chil-
dren of a citizen whose nautical skill and bold en-
terprise have been instrumental in rendering so
distinguished a benefit to his country."
A similar petition in behalf of this venerable
lady was presented to the other House of Con-
gress a few years since. It was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, who re-
ported in favor of giving Mrs. Gray an imme-
diate pension of §500 per annum during the
remainder of her life; and recommended fur-
ther, that whenever the disputed question of bound-
ary should be settled, when surveys should have
been made, and a territorial government organ-
ized, a township of land in Oregon should be
granted to her and her children. This report was.
never acted upon, and Congress has never in any
way recognized the meritorious services of Cap-
tain Gray. It seems to me that a grant of land in
the Territory to which Captain Gray's discovery
furnished the very corner-stone of the American
title, would be an eminently appropriate tribute
to his memory, and that it would approve it-
self to the general sense of Congress and the coun-
try.- With this view I present tRe memorial, and
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The memorial was so referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred Senate
bill No. 252, being the bill for the payment of
outstanding loan office and final settlement certifi-
cates issued for money loaned, or for services, or
for supplies during the revolutionary war, reported
back the same without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill No. 59, being the bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Francis Nash,
reported back the same without amendment, with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Caroline L. Eustis,
widow of M. Eustis, late a surgeon in the revolu-
tionary war, submitted an adverse report in wri-
ting; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of the representatives of Wil-
liam Russworm, submitted an adverse report in
writing; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which waff
referred the memorial of the President and Pro-
fessors of William and Mary College in the State
of Virginia, asking compensation for the destruc-
tion of certain buildings during the revolutionary
war, and payment for rent of the same, submitted
an adverse report in writing; which was ordered
to be printed.
MILITARY PUNISHMENTS.
* Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred tfte motion to print the
report of the Secretary of War, communicating
the proceedings of a court-martial in the case of
William Harrison, reported in favor of printing
the same.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I stated to the
Senate yesterday that I hoped the motion to print
would lie upon the table until the Committee on
Military Affairs shall be able to report upon the
matter. I therefore move to lay the report upon
the table.
The question was taken, but before the an-
nouncement was made by the Prqpident—
Mr. HALE called for a division.
The vote was again taken, and there were 16
in the affirmative and 11 in the 'negative. No
quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. I will be obliged to the Senator
from Mississippi if he will withdraw his motion
for a moment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. This report, sir, is a report of
