1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
the- Secretary of War, enclosing the proceedings
of a court-martial for the trial of some soldiers, in |
regard to which I presented a memorial yesterday.
It is simply the official report of the trial, and
nothing else. It is accompanied with nothing but
the official doings of the court. It is the record,
and nothing, but the record, and it is verybrief.
I think it will not certainly take ten pages of our j
common reports, and as it relates to an important
memorial presented by citizens of Portsmouth and
its vicinity, and as 1 think refers to an exceedingly
important subject, I hope the Senate will take the
pains to inform themselves of the nature of the
case, by simply printing it before the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs is made. I know
a report will come from that committee, but I
want the record to speak for itself unaccompanied
by any report. I hope when the reportdoes come,
we shall nave the weight of the enlightened hu-
manity of the Committee on Military Affairs in
condemnation of the proceedings which have taken
place. But I want the record to speak for itself,
and to commend itself to the Senate for what it is
worth.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator
from New Hampshire called for the proceedings
of the court-martial, and now he asks that they
shall be printed. His motion does not look to an
examination of them before they are printed. It
is not very probable, without much " enlightened
humanity," that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs will refuse to print the proceedings of the
court. It is, however, possible that they should
not be printed. I say it is not probable that the
committee will refuse to print them, because I ex-
pect the officers of the court would more desire the
printing of the record than any other citizens of the
country. They have been traduced by citizens '
who are certainly ignorant, as I infer* from the '
great attacks which have been made on the officer
whose duty it was to carry into execution the
sentence. The whole object of my motion was,
that the committee having charge of such subjects
should look into the record; and when they report,
it will be equally in the power of the Senate, as it
is now, to print or not to print the record. I see
no necessity for such hot haste. The scoffing
manner in which the Senator speaks of the "en-
lightened humanity" of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs partook somewhat of the same temper 1
in which he spoke yesterday. I have to tell him I
now that I have none of that sort of "humanity"
which prompts men first to incite soldiers to vio-
late their duty, and then to come with whiskey in
one hand and tears dropping from their eyes, to
prompt insubordination in the garrison, and after-
wards to interfere with that punishment which
strict discipline may require. It is a very poor
"humanity," indeed, which draws a man from his
duty and then incites him to mutiny, and finally
interferes with the just proceedings of a court-
martial. If the proceedings of this court-martial
have been unjust—which I do not pretend to say—
I think the Military Committee can give a much
better opinion after examining the record than the
Senate can without examining it.
Mr. HALE. I am at a loss to know to whom
the Senator refers when he speaks of persons who
incite soldiers to insubordination, ^nd then inter-
fere with the proceedings of courts-martial. I
cannot believe for a moment the Senator refers to
me; and still I do not know anybody else to whom
he could refer. I never heard of these men till I
saw the proceedings of this court-martial. I do
not know that I ever saw one of the men, or one
of the officers. I never had any communication
with the men or with the officers, verbally or oth-
erwise. I know no more of them than any mem-
ber of the Senate does. But as the Senator has
spoken of this, I do think that a great wrong
has been committed, and I think it is a wrong that
requires to be redressed, and if it is beyond the
reach of punishment, I do hope the facts will go
out, so that the country may judge the sentence,
and that it may receive, if it deserves, the indigna-
tion of the public.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Before renewing
the motion which I made before, I will state to the
Senator that he makes an issue with me which I
do not wish to make. He argues as if I wish to
prevent the printing of this record. I merely
claim that there shall be that delay which will en-
able the Committee on Military Affairs to look
into the matter. They may report in favor of
printing the record/ If they look to the wishes of
the officers concerned, they probably will report in
favor of printing. The question which I raised is
not against the publication of the matter which
the Senator wishes to go out to the country, but it
is, whether we shall examine it before ordering it
to be printed.
Mr. EWING. As the motion to lay upon the
table is withdrawn, I wish to say a word explana-
tory of the vote which I shall give. I shall vote
for laying the report of the Committee on Printing
upon the table, not because I do not want this
record printed, but because I want the report of
the committee with it. I intend to read it once;
and when I read it, I want to read it with the ex-
planation of the committee. I renew the motion
to lay the report upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
senator elect.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the credentials of
the honorable Hannibal Hamlin, elected a Sena-
tor by the Legislature of the State of Maine for
the term of six years, commencing the 4th day of
March next, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-one; which were read.
president's message in spanish.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day under the rule:
llrsolved. That the Secretary of State cause the Presi-
dent's message, at the opening of the present session, to be
translated into the Spanish language, and that two thou-
sand copies of the said translation, with the original, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
notices of bills.
Mr. WHITCOMB gave notice of his intention
to ask leave, to introduce a bill providing for the
surrender of certain bonds of the State of In-
diana held by the United States.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill granting to
the State of Wisconsin two townships of land to
improve the navigation at the mouth of Black
river, on the Mississippi.
Mr. JONES gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to appoint a day for the
annual meeting of Congress.
bills on leave.
Mr. BADGER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
: of the Wilmington and Manchester railroad;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHIELDS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting to
the State of Missouri the right of way and a por-
tion of the public lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Hannibal to St. Joseph in
said State; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
pensions to creek indians.
Mr. BELL, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill granting invalid
and half-pay pensions in the cases of certain Creek
Indian volunteers in the military service of the
United States; which was read a first time by its
title and ordered to a Sfecond reading.
Mr. B. I would state to the Senate that the
bill which I have introduced was acted upon
favorably by the Committee on Indian Affairs at
the last session. That committee directed me to
report it, but at so late a period of the session that
I did not do it; and I am apprehensive now that
if this bill takes the usual course, it will not be
acted upon during the present session of Congress.
The obligation on the part of the Government for
which it provides was incurred some thirteen or
fourteenyears ago, in 1836-'37, during the Florida
war. Tne regiment of Creek warriors who en-
gaged in the service of the United States in that
war went on the express promise of General Jesup,
that, if they would volunteer, they should be
placed upon the same footing in regard to pensions
as the white volunteers of the United States. It
is in compliance with this promise that this claim
has been made. It has been repeatedly made be-
fore. Various reports have been made upon the
subject. A report of General Jesup has been be-
fore the Senate, in answer to a call made by the
body, stating explicitly that he made this promise;
and I have in my hand the report of the paymaster
or proper officer of the regiment, detailing the
names of the Indians who would be entitled to
Sensions under this promise of General Jesup.
fenrly fourteen years have elapsed since these
services were performed, and the Government
have done nothing towards accomplishing the ob-
ligation which they incurred to this regiment of
Creek Indians. It is time that the obligation
should be discharged, and I hope the Senate will
let this bill pass now by unanimous consent, and
not subject it to the ordeal of beingplaced upon the
calendar, there to take its chance.
The bill was then read a second time by unani-
mous consent, and considered as in Committee of
t]je Whole, and no amendment having been pro-
posed , it was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I would like to know if the
bill has been before any committee of the Senate?
Mr. BELL. The Committee on Indian Affairs
directed me to report this bill at the last session;
but, owing to the lateness of the session, I did not
do so at that time. I have brought it forward jett
this time myself, because the committee have hid
no meeting as yet this session, and I am desirous
that the bill should pass as soon as possible,
i The names of those who will be entitled to pen-
sions, should this bill pass, have been reported to
the proper Department with great accuracy, and
there can be no doubt as to the obligation of the
, Government to grant these pensions.
Mr. YULEE. There is only one objection which
occurs to me against this bill, and perhaps it is
one which the Senator can explain. I was under
the impression that this corps of Indians went into
the service with an understanding that they should
receive as a reward for their services, in addition
to their pay, all the booty or plunder which they
took. I have also understood that they did take
I a large amount of plunder, for which they received
' a compensation. If that be the case, I cannot
conceive the propriety or equity of making this
"appropriation, and putting these Indian volunteers
on the footing of regular soldiers.
Mr. BELL. In regard to that question, I do
not remember what stipulations were made. But
I remember that in some instances a question arose
as to the rights of certain Creek warriors who
captured property in this war; but I do not con-
sider that it has any necessary connection with the
proposition now before the Senate, because the
claims which are presented now are from the heirs
of the Indians who were killed in that'service, and
from those who were disabled by wounds which
they received while in the service. According to
the provisions of standing laws, volunteers in the
service of the United States, under the act of 1836,
received certain pensions when they were disabled,
and their heirs, in case of their death while in the
service. Equity would require that Indian volun-
teers engaged in our service should be entitled to
receive the same pension as white volunteers; but,
in addition to that, there was an express stipula-
j tion before they volunteered and entered the ser-
vice, that if any of them were killed their families
should be entitled to the same pension that the
families of white volunteers were entitled to, and
those that were disabled or wounded should be
entitled to the same invalid pensions as white vol-
unteers. That was the promise made to them by
General Jesup, and this bill simply proposes to
carry out that contract of General Jesup s. The
report of Major Freeman, who commanded the
regiment, to General Jesup, which I hold in my
hand, shows the number of Indians on the muster-
roll of this regiment at the time they were mus-
tered into the service, and at the tftne they were
honorably discharged.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator is satisfied that
there was an express stipulation on the part of
! Gen. Jesup that this should be done, I shall not
' oppose the bill.
I Mr. BELL. No question has ever been raised
! as to that point before. General Jesup has been
1 personally urgent in favor of this claim. He feels
1 that his own personal character is involved in the
failure of the Government to comply with the
! promise which he made to those Indians.
Mr. FELCH. I would inquire if the contract
of Gen. Jesup which has been spoken of is among
the papers which were referred to the committee ?
If so, it ought to be produced, so as to enable us
to see what its conditions were. But I would
prefer that this matter should lie over for. the pres-
1 ent until that can be produced.
! Mr, BELL. If it is desired that the bill should
