mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
the removals had been made. It is, however,
due to the country that it should know the extent
to which the work of proscription -was carried by
the recent Administration; and there is no im-
propriety in asking for the number of removals
that have been made. I have prepared a substi-
tute for the original resolution, which calls for a
list of the officers removed who derived their ap-
pointment from a nomination of the President,
with the concurrence of the Senate, and a state-
ment of the number of removals of officers who
do not derive their appointment in that manner.
Resolutions in this form have repeatedly passed
one or the other branch of Congress. A resolu-
tion of this character passed the House of Repre-
sentatives in 1839, and another in 1841. The
modification obviates the objections that were
urged against the resolution in the original form,
and I apprehend there can be no objection to the
passage of it as now presented. Believing that
this is a matter of legitimate inquiry, that it will
furnish information important to be known, and
that it will inform the country of the extent, the
unparalleled extent, to which proscription has
been carried by an Administration that came into
power pledged against proscription, I trust that
the resolution will now be adopted. As the reso
lution is now in a form sanctioned by usage, 1
presume no objection will be made.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator from Maine
do me the favor to state what is the portion of the
original resolution which he proposes to exclude'
The PRESIDENT. The motion is to strike
out all after the word "Resolved," and insert 8
substitute.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to understand the
substance of the excluded portion of the original
resolution. •
Mr. BRADBURY. The original resolution
calls upon the President for the charges preferred,
together with a list of the officers removed. The
resolution which I now propose as a substitute
simply calls for a list of the officers who derived
their appointment by the nomination of the Presi-
dent and the concurrence of the Senate, and a state-
ment of the number of other officers removed,
such as postmasters, and other subordinate offi-
cers.
Mr. BERRIEN. Prom the manner in which
the Senator who moved the adoption of this resolu-
tion has introduced it, it is to be inferred that the
object of obtaining this information is to found
upon it the charge of improper conduct on the
part of the late Administration, evidenced by the
numerous removals which were made by it.
The Senator states as his reason why he has
modified his resolution, and excludes from it the
requisition to furnish the grounds upon which the
removals were made, that there has been a change
in the Cabinet, which renders that impracticable.
So I understand him. He will correct me, if I am
in error.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator is correct.
Mr. BERRIEN. Then I understand the Sena-
tor to say that he has excluded from his resolution
a call for the reason which induced these re-
movals because the change in the Cabinet renders
it impracticable to furnish them. Sir, with great
respect to that honorable Senator^it seems to me
that that consideration goes to the whole of the
resolution. For what is it ? If it be designed to
furnish information merely for the purpose of cen-
suring the late Administration, the present Ad-
ministration are called upon to furnish a list of the
removals made by their predecessors; and these
predecessors are deprived of the privilege of fur-
nishing the reasons upon which these removals
were founded. I wish the Senate to understand
distinctly this idea, that the present Administra-
tion is not called upon for reasons, even if they are
upon file. There will, therefore, be a list of re-
movals,-apparently made capriciously and with-
out cause. Does it become the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to lend itself to procure information
which may thus be improperly used f I trust it
will not be done.
Mr. BRADBURY. There was nothing-in the
remarks which I made which would justify the
inference of the honorable Senator, that there
could be no other legitimate use for the informa-
tion sought by this resolution except to furnish
charges against the late Administration. It may
be important to aid us in useful legislation; valu-
able legislation may be founded upon that in-
\ formation; and, as I have already stated, on more
: than one occasion, resolutions of a similar kind
1 have been adopted. Indeed, one of the reso- !
lutions called for a list of removals covering a
period of twelve years; and another called for a I
similar list of the class of officers referred to who
had been removed from the time of the organiza-
tion of the Government to the day of its passage.
No objection can be made to this call which could
not have been urged with greater force against the
resolutions of 1839 and 1841. We now call for
the list of the number of removals; and I appre-
hend the late Administration is not so destitute of
friends but that it will be able to find those who
will undertake the task of giving the reasons for
the adoption of that system of proscription for
which it has become distinguished.
Mr. EWING, The honorable Senator intro-
duced this resolution, I think, very early at the
last session. Why it has been permitted to lin-
ger to the present time, I am unable to say. The
resolution offered called not only for the number
of removals, but the cause; and certain it is, that
while the Cabinet that made these removals was
in existence and able to respond, not only to the
inquiry as to the number of removals, but the
cause, the Senator did not see fit to press the reso-
lutlbn. It was a long session, very long. There
was time enough, and there was strength enough
on his side of the Chamber to bring it to a vote.
There was no difficulty at all; but just as long
as that Cabinet remained there, the Senator failed
to press his resolution to a vote. He modifies it
now, or rather he brings in a new resolution, and
inquires for the number of removals—what he
calls the unprecedented number of removals made
by the last Administration. He askB for no rea-
son, because, as he says, none can be given now.
What does this look like? What would be the
natural impression on the minds of persons who
see the course of that honorable Senator ? Would
they not be apt to suppose that there was a great
number of removals; and for sufficient cause, and
that he does not wish the removal and the cause
of it to go before the country at the same time?
Now that these public officers have passed away,
the honorable Senator amends his resolution and
asks only for the naked fact of the removal, leav-
ing the cause unexplained and liable to be mis-
I represented to the injury of the officers who made
; the removals. I do not wish to pursue the subject I
j further than to call public attention to the fact. I
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to reply very briefly j
to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Ohio. The Senator charges me with declining to
J press the resolution while the Cabinet was in power i
J under which the "removals had been made. A brief j
I explanation is necessary on this point. It will be
recollected by the Senate, that after this resolution
was introduced, and I had made an explanation i
of its object, the Senator from Connecticut gave
notice of nis intention to reply, and the resolution
was laid over several weeks for his accommoda-
tion for that purpose. After his elaborate speech,
I availed myself of the earliest opportunity to re-
ply to him, and then the vote was proposed to be
taken on the resolution. There were several others,
however, who then manifested a wish to speak,
and a vote could not be obtained. In the mean
time, another subject of debate, the compromise
measures, came before the Senate, and a debate
sprung up which so entirely and exclusively oc-
cupied the public mind and the attention of the
Senate, that it was impossible to get a hearing or
a vote upon the resolution. The honorable Sena-
tor from Connecticut knows full well that I at-
tempted repeatedly to get the resolution up and
obtain a vote upon it, but was unable to do so. At
length a day was agreed upon, on the motion of
the honorable Senator from North Carolina, for
the vote to be taken; and on that day the death of
the President was announced. It was no fault of
mine, nor of the friends of the resolution, that the
vote was not obtained. I pressed the resolution
repeatedly and earnestly,and the delay arose from
unforeseen events.
The honorable Senator from Ohio says that I
speak of the " unprecedented" number of remov-
als. I have a right to speak of the number as
" unprecedented," when President Jackson was
denounced as guilty of ruthless proscription for
having removed four hundred and ninety-one post-
masters in the first year of his Administration,
while the fact was admitted on this floor tliat
during a single year of the late non-proscription
Administration more than three thousand four
hundred postmasters were removed. I have a
right to speak of the number as unprecedented,
when, during the entire Administration of Presi-
dents Jackson and Van Buren, covering a period
of twelve years, there were but two hundred and
! eighty-three officers removed who derived their
' appointment from the President, with the advice
of the Senate, against—how many times that
number during the first year of the late Adminis-
tration?
The honorable Senator says that the resolution
was allowed to lie until there was no one to re-
spond to it, and explain the cause for which
removals were made. The Senator is himself here
on this floor, in the best possible position to make
the explanation. We challenge that explanation;
and I may add, that an explanation is demanded,
in consequence of remarks which have fallen from
the honorable Senator himself. His language con-
tains an intimation that these removals were made
for other than political considerations. The pub-
lic will draw the inference from hiB remarks,
whether so intended or not. I do not undertake
to say that (nis wholesale system of removals was
made on account of the unfaithfulness of the in-
cumbents, an'd in order that more efficient men
might be put in office; or, in plain terms, that
none but unfaithful or inefficient men were re-
moved. Now, if such is the allegation, if such is
the ground of defence, let us understand it. Even
to this day there seems to be an unwillingness to
admit that these removals were made from political
considerations alone. I trust that the information
may be given, and then the honorable Senator will
have an opportunity to make an explanation,and,
we will be prepared to meet it.
Mr. MANGUM. It is within the recollection
of the Senate that this resolution occupied many
days during the last session. It will also be re-
membered that it was a discussion of surpassing
interest to the Senate; for upon one occasion a
very eloquent Senator made a speech of three days
upon it, which was listened to by five Senators
and the unfortunate Vice President. I think the
Senate has become tired of this whole thing. The
occasion for this resolution has passed away. The
j men have passed away. It is impossible now to
derive from the passage of this resolution any in-
formation that would be interesting to the country.
All that has gone forth in the speeches of gentle-
men. The great object of the resolution seemed
to be to make speeches on the subject. Thev have
been made; they have been printed; but I cannot
say whether or not they have been read. I think
thaf, as we can derive no information upon the
subject that will be interesting or useful to the
country, in addition to what'has already been pub-
lished m speeches, which have been circulated far
and wide, we had better get this resolution out of
the way, and proceed to tne proper business of the
country. Without any view at all of cutting off
the public from any information which would be
useful or interesting, I move that the matter lie on
the table.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a few minutes to allow me to say a
few words?
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly; I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish only to say that I be-
lieve there was no member of the Senate more
partial in his favor towards the last Administration
, than I was; and yet that there wa# no period du-
ring the existence of that Administration that I
would not have voted for this resolution in the
form in which it is now proposed that it shall re-
ceive the action of the Senate. I hold that the
people of this country are entitled to information
about the number of removals that are made by
any Administration, and that the Senate, as a legis-
lative body, may properly call for that informa-
tion to spread it before the country. I should
never have voted for the resolution in its original
form, because I think it would have been an at-
tempt by the Senate to invade the constitutional
rights and responsibilities of the Executive De-
partment. My object in rising, therefore, is to
say that I cannot, as perhaps I might be expected
to do as a friend of the last Administration, vote
to fay this amended resolution on the ta'ole, and
that I am perfectly willing thac the information
i should go to the country of the whole number of
