1850.
THE TJONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
established, but the important portion of the bound-
ary between the Pacific ocean and the mouth of
the Gila river was established. Never before was
such a vast amount of services performed with
Buch a small sum of money, if the enormous prices
of supplies and the high wages of labor are taken
into consideration.
I should like to know from the Senator from
Ohio whether Col. "Weller was not removed be-
fore it was ascertained here that the initial point
of departure was established. If I am not mis-
taken he was removed even before it was known
that he had arrived in California. He arrived
there on the first of June; and if I mistake not he
was removed in July, when it could not possibly
have been known here that he had arrived there.
I am prepared to defend Col. Weller's official acts
in that commission against every allegation that
can be brought against him; and if the Senator
from Ohio, or any other individual, will put a
finger on anything which he did which was not
correct, I am prepared to defend him, and to de-
fend him triumphantly against every imputation
brought against him.
Mr. EWING. I wish to say a word in reply
to the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] He
remarked, in reply to an observation from me,
that Colonel Weller had been removed for spend-
ing money properly; and he seemed to draw that
deduction from what I said. Now, I said that he
had rendered no account of how he expended the
money and what he had done. Was the remark
of the Senator from Michigan a fair and legiti-
mate deduction from the statement which I made ?
I appeal to the honorable Senator to say whether
it is or not.
Mr. CASS. I did not say that the honorable
Senator said he had been removed for expending
money properly. It was a deduction of my own.
The honorable Senator said he was removed for
expending so mock money.
Mr. EWING. I said that he had expended a
large amount of money without rendering any ac-
count of what he was doing; and for what he was
expending it.
Mr. CASS. The charge was made against
Colonel Weller that he had expended $51),000,
and had exceeded that amount. The Senator
says that he4 rendered no account. Why, call
it be expected that such a commission can render
its account monthly ? But will the honorable Sen-
ator tell me that Colonel Weller would have been
removed if he had been a Whig? Does any Sen-
ator suppose he would have been removed if he had
not been a political adversary of the Administra-
tion? If it is admitted that he was removed be-
cause he was an opponent of the Administration, I
have nothing to say; but I do not wish to have it
said that Colonel Weller was removed because he
did not render regular accounts of the doings of
his commission.
Mr. GWIN. I have another word to say in
regard to this matter. I am perfectly confident
that Colonel Weller did render his accounts be-
fofe he was removed. He sent his Secretary on
from Panama with his accounts and his vouchers.
He drew drafts at Panama for the expense of
transporting his company to San Diego, and they
were protested, althougth the amount he had re-
ceived and the amounts drawn for were within the
$50,000 appropriated by Congress. The Govern-
ment lost a considerable sum by these protests,
because the drafts were for necessary expenses.
Colonel Weller had full authority to draw them,
and the Government was compelled to pay them.
Sir, Colonel W eller was literally starved out of
thecommission. Heborrowed money to continue
his operations from every person who had the
confidence to lend him any, because he could get
none from the Government. *He did not receive
the full amount of the appropriation of $50,000.
He labored under the greatest possible embarrass-
ments. I was informed this morning by the able
officer (Colonel Emory) who acted as astronomer
to the commission, that after Colonel Weller's
drafts were protested, he (Colonel Emory—left in
charge of the commission after Colonel Weller's
removal) was allowed to draw upon the Depart-
ment of the Interior for such moneys as he needed,
but he could not sell his drafts at fifty cents to the
dollar. I understand that a large number of the
employees of the commission, after having been
absent on the Pacific coast for eighteen months, i
had to come home without their pay. They had i
to borrow money to bring them home. A num-
ber of the officers of the commission were never
paid at all. The surveyor of the commission, who
is, now in this city, had to borrow money to bring
him home. This is true also in regard to the as-
tronomer and other attaches of the commission.
There was an utter neglect on the part of the
Government of tHe officers attached to this com-
mission. I am prepared to say that Colonel Wel-
ler did render his accounts, for he sent his brother
here with his vouchers, and he was here with
them before Colonel Weller was removed. And
the Senator is entirely mistaken in the facts of the
case in givingthat as a reason for his removal.
Mr. EWING. "The Senator from California
[Mr. Gwin] is, I think, mistaken as to his dates.
The agent of Col. Weller did not come here, or,
if he did, I never heard of him, until long after
the Colonel was removed. And the agent, even
when he came, would not do as a substitute for
the accounts and vouchers required by the rules
of the Department. And I can say to the Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] k  reply to his ,
inquiry, that had Col. Weller been a Whig, and ;
had my information concerning him been what it
was, and from the same reliable sources, I would
have unhesitatingly advised his removal.
The Senator from California dwells upon the
difficulties encountered by Col. Weller by reason
of the protest of his drafts by the Department.
These drafts were protested because he neglected
td forward his accounts and vouchers, mi the rules 1
of the Department required, and as he was spe-
cially instructed by Mr. Buchanan. They were
delayed a most unreasonable time, and hence the ,
protest of Col. Weller's drafts, and his difficulty j
and embarrassment for want of funds.
It may correct the recollection of the Seaatorfrom
California as to dates, to be reminded that Col. ,
Weller was suspended at the State Department
by the appointment of Col. Frftnont, many months ,
before his final order of removal was sent him.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, Col. Weller left
Panama on the 17th day of May for San Diego.
He left his brother as his acting secretary at
Panama, with instructions to return to the United ,
States by the first steamship with his vouch-
ers for the settlement of his accounts; and this is
the first time that I have ever heard it Mated that
he was not here before the removal of his brother.
I There is an issue of fact between the Senator
! from Ohio [Mr. Ewrao] and myself, which can
be settled by the record. I am perfectly confi-
dent the Senator from Ohio is mistaken. We left
Panama on the 17th of May. The brother of
Colonel Weller left there within a week to return
hither, and must have been here before Col. Fre-
mont's appointment. I thinlf Col.-Fremont was
appointed on the 19th day of July. I k ow the
intelligence of that appointment did not reach
California until the latter part of August, or the
beginning of September. I cannot be mistaken
in the fact that Col. Weller sent his brother from
Panama with his vouchers, and that he must have
arrived here before the appointment of Col. Fre-
mont.
And now a word in regard to this rendering of
accounts, extravagant expenditure of money, and j
authority to draw for the amount appropriated, i
The accounts were rendered, and their being al- 1
lowed by this Administration is a refutation of
extravagant or improper expenditure. Mr. Bu-
chanan gave the most unlimited authority to Mr.
Weller to draw for and disburse the appropriation.
He was the disbursing officer of the commission.
There was no limit on his drafts, except that he
should keep within the appropriation of $50,000.
If he had been a defaulter, the dishonor and dis-
grace would have been upon the preceding Admin- !
istration and himself. The administration of j
General Taylor would not have been blamed for I
it. No- limitation was imposed upon him, except!
that he should render quarterly accounts. He 1
was required to render quarterly accounts from the
Soint at which he was ordered to perform service,
lut he was detained at Panama by unavoidable
circumstances, and before it was known that he
had arrived at the point where his-labors were to
commence, before it was known that he had
commenced his labors, he was removed. And I
undertake to say that his actual expenses from the
commencement of operations on the Pacific were
always greater than the money he had in hand.
He has suffered much pecuniary injury from the
advances which he made personally on account of-
the commission. I know this from my own per-
sonal knowledge. And instead of having large
sums of money in his hands, not properly ac-
counted for, he was constantly withholding money
from his employees, which was justly due to
thera, in order to prosecute his labors until re-
lieved by remittances from the Government, which •
never reached him.
Mr. CASS. When did Colonel Weller leave
the United States ?
Ml-. GWIN. On the second day of March.
He arrived at New Orleans on the 28th of Feb-
uary, and the quartermaster's department there
immediacy furnished him with a Government
vessel, the Alabama, to take him to the Isthmus
in order that he might be in time for the steamer
of the 15th of March or the 1st of April.
Mr. CASS. Then one quarter did not expire
until the 1st of June, and he was removed in the
middle of June.
jBfatrGWIN. I would state, furthermore, on
ge authority of Colonel Weller, that he went to
•tieral Taylor, in Cincinnati, before he started
for the Pacific, to ascertain whether or not he
would be continued in the public service. He cer-
tainly understood from General Taylor that he
could go on and perform this service, and that he
would not be interrupted in the discharge of his
duties. That was one cause that induced him to
go—the belief, from what passed between General
Taylor and himself at that interview, that he
would not be removed in the progress of the sur-
vey of the boundary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The general objects of
this resolution seem to have been lost sight of by
the discussion of the particular case of Colonel
Weller, and that cannot be settled except by refer-
ence to the record. I hope, therefore, that we
shall take the general resolution as offered, and
dispose of it without further discussion. I would
say to my friend from Maine that 1 will withdraw
my first amendment, and offer the following in-
stead of it, as an addition to his: -
" That the President be also requested to cause to be laid
before the Senate the number of removals Whieh have taken
place during each Administration, in every Department of
the Government, since the 4th ofMarch, 1825."
I know that a portion of the information which
I want is already before the Senate, but there is
a -portion of it in regard to the Administration of
General Harrison and Mr. Tyler that is not be-
fore the Senate. Perhaps there may be some
other Administration of whose removals we have
no information. And as we are informed that the
clerks will have nothing to do but to copy the in-
formation that has already been furnished, I think
we had better get the whole information in one
document.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for a single moment for the
purpose of calling attention to a mistake into
which the Senator from Ohio has fallen. The
honorable Senator from Michigan put the question
whether, if Colonel Weller had been a Whig, he
would have been removed, if he had acted pre-
cisely in the manner in which he did act. The
honorable Senator from Ohio had previously,
stated, as the cause of- the removal of Colonel
Weller, that an unreasonable time had elapsed
without his accounts being rendered, and that in
the mean time he had made large drafts for money,
the propriety and correctness of which could not
be ascertained without the accounts, and that this
delay, unexplained, was considered a sufficient
reason for his removal. It was upon that state-
ment that the Senator from Michigan founded his
question, whether, if Mr. Weller's politics had
been different, a similar course would have been
pursued in reference to him. I was very much
surprised to hear the honorable Senator from Ohio
say, that under such circumstances- he would have
advised his removal if he were a Whig.
I Mr. EWING. What I said in reply to the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan was, that, under
! similarciroumstanc.es—under all the circumstances
which existed with respect to Colonel Weller—
I would have advised his removal if his politics
had been different.
Mr. BADGER. So I understood the Senator,
and I was very much Surprised to hear him siy
that if Mr. Weller had been a Whig, under such
' circumstances, he would have advised his removal,
1 because it showed, not an ignorance, but a mo-
