1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
unless it is in the recollection of some gentleman. ,
There is na proof anywhere to be found.
Then, here are claims issued in 1778, which
have lain ever since that time. Could not a
man who was a Senator in Congress in 1811, and
who lived to 1832, and who during all that time
was never once heard to say that the United
States owed him a single cent, have established
a claim, and brought forward proof that his claim
was a just one ?
Sow, what else is there to prove that this
claim was not a just one ? There is this important
fact, that in 1793, 1795, and 17%, the old Con-
gress passed laws calling upon those who held
these certificates to come and file them, that they
might be called up for adjustment, and if these
conditions were not complied with by a given
^ear, that they should be forfeited and rendered
void. Congress passed this law again and again,
extending the time from year to year until 1835,
when the doors were finally and forever closed
against these claims.
You will see, then, that these acts of Congress
were published, and that notice must be offered
through the columns of the newspapers for these
claims to be filed, until 1806 or 1810. Congress
finally shut the doors against these claims. Gen-
eral Sumter being here, a Senator in Congress,
during this time, he never once filed a claim.
Then, what was the evidence? You must come
to the conclusion that they were abandoned, and
that they must have been settled. Why, sir, there
is a case reported by Mr. , only a few
sessions back, where the books show that a gen-
tleman sued the State of New York for $10,000.
In the report of the case made to Congress, the
circumstances—the books and history show, that
this sum was actually due. Congress, I believe,
passed the bill; but it was subsequently discovered
that an entry had been, overlooked, and that it had
been made in an improper book and in an im-
per place. The bill was at once laid upon the
Why, sir, if we go on proof of this sort simply,
that the United States are to show that they have
paid the claims which have been presented here,
there can be no limit to the claims we shall be
called upon to settle. No individual government
in the world was ever required to prove that it has
made payment of claims which were due seventy
years after they accrued, when no individual was
living who could say that the debt was due.
You are called upon to pay money for the ser-
vices of a United States officer, which were ren-
dered in the State of South Carolina more than
seventy years back. But whether such claim was
countersigned and put into circulation, the books
do not show. i
There is not a single evidence that these facts
are in the hands of General Sumter. There is
evidence to show that they were issued by the
officer of Government whose duty it was to issue
them, but there is no testimony to shcrtr that they
were countersigned and delivered.
If you pay this claim, you ought to go back and
dig up other claims. Justice is justice, and if you
allow a claim to a man of South Carolina, who
was a general, you should allow the claim also
of a man from Virginia, who was a private soldier—
who came to Congress with his claim, but which
they rejected. General Sumter was a valuable and
, able officer in the Revolution. I am willing to do
him all the justice that his distinguished services
deserve and that his high merits command.
But, sir, we are here to act upon the grounds
of justice. I maintain that this claim is not satis-
factorily made out, for there is no proof brought
forward to establish it. We, sir, are of ourselves
a court, deciding the same kind of a claim which
was rejected at the last session. I will not trouble
the House with further remarks upon the subject.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, the fact
that claims similar to the one presented here have
been rejected before, or the fact that they were
revolutionary claims, should not operate against
the present one. You have paid precisely such
debts as this, up to and in 1832. I will not say
that you have paid any since that time. There is
not much difference between a claim fifty years old
and a claim seventy years old. If the gentleman
would apply the statute of limitation to these cases,
I presume he would to those.
This case was brought before Congress in
1838. I remember to have seen a report in rela.-
tion to it, bearing date in 1838. Well, now, sir,
since that time 1 have procured three unanimous
reports in favor of this claim, and in every in-
stance, the bills failed to be passed in consequence
of want of time and for no other reason. Now,
air, if the Government will pay such claims at all,
what better proof could you have of the peculiar jus-
tice of tliis claim, than that committees should have
three times reported unanimously in favor of it ?
This Government can plead the statute of limi-
tation against General Sumter if it choose to do
it. I do not pretend that it cannot. But I can
say this, that I think there is security enough to
the debtor, in being allowed to decide upon his
own case, without the benefit of the statute of lim-
itation. I think the right of judgment in your
own case is quite enough for you, without the
further right to plead the statute of limitation
against your creditor.
The gentleman said that there is not a solitary
proof that this claim was just, and that certifi-
cates were ever issued. Did you ever require a
certificate, the formality of a certificate, to be
produced? Have you not always been satisfied
with the entries made by yourself? Do not the
entries made by an individual upon his own book,
stand forth as the very highest proof against
him ?• And if the officers, on the part of this
Government, have certified in the roll that certifi-
cates were issued, are you to be allowed to adduce
proof that your office certificates were not coun-
tftsigned? Why, sir, they were not certificates
until they were signed. They were blank pieces
of paper. Who would have ever imagined that
this party was required to prove the fact of a
counter-signature to the paper, where the paper is
alleged to have been lost ? It is a fact, in this
case, that a part of the papers are lost. It is
competent by the laws of the United States, to
Erove and collect lost loan office certificates. It
as been done in several instances. So far from
the loss of the certificate being calculated to operate
against the claim of this party, it is a fact that
goes to show why the claim was not brought at
an earlier period.
" Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] allow me to
ask him a question ? Wither the books, vouch-
ers, or certificates of the State of General Sumter
show that he has any claims against the United
States, or whether there were any certificates
which he himself claimed he had lost ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I cannot tell certainly.
I can only say, that General Sumter's adminis-
trator has filed apetition before this Congress.
Mr. SACKETT. Is there any evidence that
he himself claimed that his certificates were lost,
and that his estate shows apy charge, or any
claim whatever against the Government?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know that any
committee ever required such proof to be brought
before it. How could 1 ever expect to have to ad-
duce proof upon an incidental point, when the com-
mittee was ready in every instance to give me a
report ? As far as I can see, I have not the
shadow of a doubt that Gen. Sumter did claim
these certificates—that his son did as well as his
grandson. I have the certificate of Mr. Smith, as
we previously produced the certificate of his pre-
decessor in office, that the whole body of certifi-
cates (thirty-two in number)were outstanding and
unpaid.
Now, sir, here is the whole body of certificates,
thirty-two in number, lost. It is not like the case
in Virginia, where a particular certificate was lost,
and the ground of objection was, that when the-
Government paid one it paid all. Gentlemen talk
about the age of this claim ! What is the age of
your pensions ? Your pension claims, which are
gratuitous, are seventy years old. But here is a
debt, which the Government owes, not more than
seventy years old. Where is the consistency of
that policy, that bestows a gratuity in considera-
tion of services rendered seventy years ago—a
gratuity not only to the party,but to his heirs; and
yet pleads the same seventy years in bar of a just
debt ? This is not a gratuity as to this Government.
It is a debt due to General Sumter, for money
advanced to the Government. So our petition
alleges, and the committee was satisfied with the
fact, and if they had wanted other proof, I could
have adduced proof that it was a plain debt due
to General Sumter for money advanced to the
Goyernment. If General Sumter neglected to
present his claim in early life, it was becauss the
Government was considered to be insolvent, and
because he was a wealthy man, and did not give
thought to the matter. He might have forgotten
it. General Sumter himself might have designed
never to prosecute the claim. But, sir, shall his
liberality towards the Government, and shall his
forbearance to demand a debt, be alleged against
his right to claim it by the debtor himself? Does
it diminish this right ? Suppose he did mean to
abandon this right? Is the Government prepared
to take refuge from its legal liabilities under his
generosity ?
I maintain that if General Sumter had purposed
at any puiod not to prosecute this small debt, it is
just so much in its favor—in favor of his heirs,
who now feel that they are entitled to the money,
and who are in need of it.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to state to the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] a
case in point precisely similar to the one he is now
arguing. It was the case of Colonel Grayson,
who was a Senator from the State of Virginia.
He had a claim against the United States, the pay-
ment of which was delayed in a manner similar to
this. He would not permit it to be presented
against the Government while he was in the public
service. The claim was, however, long after-
wards presented, and was paid upon the proof of
the fact that Colonel Grayson would not permit it
to be presented while he was in the public service.
I believe General Sumter was aways in public life.
They were revolutionary soldiers together, and
may have been actuated by similar motives.
[The Speaker temporarily resumed the chair;
and a message was received from the President of
the United States, by The hands of Millard Fill-
more, his Private Secretary.]
Mr. WOODWARD, (resuming.) I am much
obliged to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] for his suggestion, but I am perfectly
willing to put this case to the House on its merits,
without the benefit of a precedent. I admit the
fact that General Sumter never did himself prose-
cute this claim. I admit that his son, Colonel
Thomas Sumter, was the first party who ever
presented this claim before Congress. Colonel
Sumter was, we know, a long time our Minister
near the Spanish Court, and that fact will account
for his not having been very prompt in presenting
his claim to the Government. It was next pre-
I sented by the grandson of General Sumter, the
j present petitioner. I am willing to concede that
General Sumter, having the prospect of a large
fortune, and indeed at one period owning a large
fortune, did not give much attention to this claim.
I admit, that having lost these certificates, he may
have postponed the presentation of his claim from
time to time, in the continual hope of finding the
certificates. In either case it seems to me that it
sh&uld make no difference. The claim is not the
less meritorious, because the claimant once meant
to be generous towards the Government.
Now, sir, we do not ask a pension; we ask the
payment of a debt secured by thirty-two loan office
I certificates. The gentleman says that w^have not
proved that the certificates were ever issued, or that
they were everin General Sumter'shands. Why,
sir, is not the admission of the Government that
its promissory note had issued the very best proof?
If General Sumter's heirs were disposed to throw
themselves on the generosity of the Government,
why did they not claim their pension ? I believe
that General Sumter's pension, as a general officer
in the revolutionary war, if he had claimed it,
would have approached 420,000; but that pension
has never been asked of this Government. 'I'he
heirs of General Sumter have never called on the
Government for a gratuity. They have been
prompted by that feeling, which in the first instance
prompted the hearts of so many of the revolution-
ary officers, never tocome to this Government as
pensioners. The word " pensioner" was odious
in the days of the Revolution, and General Sumter
and his heirs after him, were among those with
whom that odium was never lost.
They come to claim of this Government a debt
due for money advanced to the Government, and
which no man can suppose was ever paid. No
one can seriously believe that those certificates
ever were paid; and our petitioner states that the
debt is due for money advanced to General Greene
when he passed General Sumter's house in South
, Carolina.
