1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
point, he should not provoke retaliation. I submit
to the House, that in the remarks I have made
thus far, I have been actuated and governed by
the best feeling, and that I have not manifested
anv offensive personality.
Mr. WOODWARD. If in the honorable gen-
tleman's application of his general remark he
meant nothing personal, I am perfectly satisfied.
1 was betrayed into error by his own folly. 1 am
only anxious that this claim should be received in
as good faith as it is presented.
Mr. DUNHAM. There is an old adage, Mr.
Chairman, " Answer a fool according to his folly,"
and if one has to answer foolish arguments, they
may as well be answered in the same manner as
they are urged. Sir, I ask this committee, and I
ask the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Woodward,| what it had to do with the merits
of this claim if General Sumter, did serve in the
revolutionary war, and supposing he waa justly
entitled to a pension for those services ? I would
submit to this committee, I would submit it to
every man who has any legal perception, whether
there is any real sense, so far as the applicability
of this case is concerned, in two thirds of the ar-
gument that has been submitted to this commit-
tee.
Let us see how far that argument applies in re-
lation to the gentleman's facts. He says that
General Sumter was entitled to a pension. What
are his facts? He stated that the General died in
1832. And if he died in 1832, and at the same
time was a wealthy man, so wealthy that it did
not become him to present this claim, there was no
law applicable to his case up to the time of his
death. These are thafacts from the gentleman's
own arguments. 1 submit that they amount to
nothing.
Let us come to the facts of the case. I presume
that this Government will not depart in its action
from its legal rights, nor from strict principles of
equity. At least it will not forsake the plainest
principles of common sense. We know something
of the history of this Government, we know some-
thing of its misfortunes, and we know that the De-
partments and offices of this Government have been
burnt out sojne two or three times.
We know nothing of this transaction more than
is furnished us by the claimant's assertions.
We know that in taking up outstanding debts,
the debtor is not very apt to be very cautious in
his surrender of the instrument which has repre-
sented hjs claim. We know, too, that Government
has not been, as evinced by the history of the
country for a long period back, so very methodic
and exact in its arrangement of these matters.
We have been told that this is a meritorious case;
and yet to prove that the certificates on which the
case stands have not been taken up, has only seen
fit to examine one Department to ascertain that
these certificates were ever issued, or, if issued, that ]
thev have not since been taken up.
We know well that at the time these securities
were alleged to have been issued, the Departments
of Govtrnment were in considerable confusion,
and that what properly belonged to one Depart-
ment might be found running through half a dozen.
Can the assertion of an officer in one of these De-
partments be considered proof of the non-exist- k
ence of these certificates in the hands^jf Govern-
ment ? j
Let us apply the general principles of common I
sense and justice to the case. Would it not be
required of the claimant to show, at least, that these I
certificates were lost or destroyed if not now in j
his own hands? And in the next place, we should
require, if thiscannotbe proved, thatsome satisfac-
tory evidence should be furnished, that Govern- ;
merit had not paid the debt.
But, in this case we have nothing but the sim-
ple and bare certificate of an officer of the Depart-
ment, who admits that certain lpan-office certifi-
cates, as shown by the records, had been issued.
It does not show that they were delivered to Gen- ;
eral Sumter, or that they ever came into his
possession; nor, indeed, are any circumstances
adduced as evidence that they were ever lost or j
destroyed. And yet they come here and ask us !
to pay this assumed debt, because the books of
our record fail to show that the Government has
ever paid the claim as represented. j
Mr. WOODWARD explained. I do not rest |
this claim altogether on such evidence. The fact that
tie books of the records fail to show that these |
certificates have ever been produced or taken up,
is proof presumptive of the debt not having been
paid. I did not suppose it at all necessary to ad-
duce evidence that they had been either lost or
, destroyed.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not like to retort on the
folly of this argument, but I must say it is the
first time that I ever heard that the debtor had to
show that he had not paid his debt, or that he had
" to produce the instrument of his indebtedness. I
had supposed that it was necessary that the other
side akould.do so.
Mr. WOODWARD. What I wish to be un-
derstood to say is, that it has never been the cus-
tom of Government to pay without taking up, and
that, therefore, if it is unable to produce the cer-
tificates in question, it is proof that Government
has never taken these securities up at all.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not know of any such
custom. But they undoubtedly may have beet)
paid without having been taken up; or they may
have been taken up, and, by some event, lost or
destroyed since. If there were clear evidence of
their loss or destruction, they might have been
paid under tHfe act which provided for lost instru-
ments. Thus they may never haye come into tlje
Departments of Government, or they may have
been burned or otherwise destroyed m their pos-
session. The evidence of the existence of the cer-
tificates is, besides, vague.
Mr. WOODWARD. The entries on the books
Of record of the Department are clear proof that
these loan office certificates did once exist—per-
fectly competent proof of this fact. And on such
proof of their existence, any debtor in the world
would have paid them.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have supposed that it was
necessary that they should show that these certifi-
cates had been issued, and that they had actually
come into General Sumter's possession, who
claims to be the creditor. But no evidence of this
kind is offered. This is the ground upon which
I put the case, that the claim should not be paid.
Sir, they should have shown that certain loan
office certificates had been issued, and that.these
certificates had come into possession of the claim-
ant. Before these loan office certificates could be-
come valid, or could come into circulation, or
they could be held against Government, they must
have been countersigned at, and passed through,
several offices. Now we know nothing of this, j
There is nothing here to show that these certifi-1
j cates have thus ever gone into existence, or in
fact that they were ever issued.
Mr. WOODWARD. I should like to know !
what are the proofs we are required to produce. ,
We have referred to a certificate which proves that [
these certificates have never been taken up by I
Government. Surely the claimant is not called |
to prove that he has never presented his certifi-!
cates. Surely the public records must constitute
evidence of the greatest possible strength, and
yet the gentleman from Indiana seemed to be of
opinion that no proof existed of these incontest-
able facts.
Mr. DUNHAM, (resuming.) The gentleman
from South Carolina seems to me to suppose that
it is the duty of the Government to show that
they have paid their debts; whereas I have always
understood that it was necessary for the claimant
to show that his claim was still unpaid. The
gentleman seems to belong to the Irishman's school
of justice, who said he could bring up a dozen of ,
men to swear that he never stole the horse.
[Laughter.] That seems to be the principle on
which he goes, for he seems to think that if the
Government cannot prove that they have payed
this claim, they must pay it over again; that is the
principle of the gentleman's argument, it is noth-
ing less. The gentleman asks how it is, that if
these certificates have been paid, there should be
such a long list of them outstanding as shown by
the record. Well, now, I retort upon him, and I
ask if it is not exceedingly strange that a man
should be in possession of thirty-two loan office
certificates, and lose* them all, without being able
to show when or where, or in what manner they
were lost or destroyed ? There is nothing of this
kind shown here; and I undertake to say, that
there is not proof enough in the case for it to
stand one half moment in any magistrate's court.
If you allow this claim you establish the general
principle, that a claimant has only to prove that
at one time the Government was indebted to him,
and then to call on the Government to show that
1 the debt has been paid.
j _ I hope gentlemen will be cautious what they Ho
: in passing upon this claim. I undertake to say
that it is precisely the same kind of claim as was
rejected at the last session of Congress, by a vote
of two to one. In that case (a Virginia claim)
there were three certificates issued. They pro-
duced precisely the same sort of evidence as has
been shown in this case—simply that the certifi-
cates were issued. They did not prove the pos-
session of the certificates, or that they had been
destroyed; but they called upon the Government
to show that the debt had been paid. This the
Government was unable to do; and this House at
once decked that they would not allow the claim.
That was precisely a similar case to this; and I
submit to this committee whether they will make
fish of one and flesh of another? But let us, as we
have omnipotent power so far as claims are con-
cerned, be guided by some settled principle, so
that our creditors may know what they have to
depend upon. Let us not be governed by fancy
or caprice, but let us have some general rule, some
general law in relation to the adjustment of claims,
or something to guide us, and not be thrown on
the sea without rudder, sail, or compass to guide
us. The House should be governed by some set-
tled and established principle, and not by mere
fancy and caprice. Now I assert, without fear of
contradiction, that there is no principle, either of
law or equity, which would require or justify the
payment of this claim.
1 will again repeat, what I have before said,
that the fact that General Sumter did not claim his
pension, is no evidence at all that this is a just
debt—none in the world. The gentleman from
South Carolina said, that if they had too much
honor to take a pension from the Government, it
followed that they would not tell a lie in relation
to this claim.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I did not say so. What I said was, that
it was evidence of their integrity.
Mr. DUNHAM. Upon their integrity, then,
of course,, depends this case. But the petition
sets forth the fact of the indebtedness, and it is
for the House to pass upon that petition alone.
Now their integrity is all the evidence in the case.
Mr. WOODWARD. I could have produced
affidavits if the committee had required it, but
| they never did.
| Mr. DUNHAM. But it is the duty of this
: House to decide upon the justice of the claim,
not upon the integrity of the claimants.
Mr. WOODWARD, (interposing.) I would,
at least, ar<nie the case generously and fairly, but
' gentlemen nave started severul collateral issues,
and they require proof now; they require me
now to bring proof that was not required before
the committee. I state this in explanation of
why I am not ready to sustain every collateral
fact connected with the case. I admit that I was
bound to produce proof, but I complain that it was
not suggested to me that it would be necessary.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have always understood
that it was the duty of a claimant to submit his
case, and to make it out in the best manner in his
power; and if he fails to do it, it is his fault, not
the fault of the court or tribunal before which the
case is argued. It is for them to make out their
case, and sustain their case before the House; and
if they can do that, they are entitled to a favorable
decision; but if they fail to do that, the fault is
theirs and not that of the House.
But I simply wish to say to the gentleman, and
I believe that it cannot be controverted, that he
can make nothing out of his facts; and if General
Sumter died in 1832 he was really entitled to no
pension, and could take no credit, nor can his heirs
or successors, for not having claimed it.
I have now said all that I desire to say. I
wish the committee, to understand the principles
that lie at the bottom of this case, and it is for the
committee to decide upon it as they may think
proper.
Mr. WOODWARD. " I have made such a
statement of the case as appeared to me required,
to prove that the loan office certificates were out-
standing and unpaid—proof which I deemed suf-
ficient for all purposes of the claim. I never im-
agined that anything would be alleged against the
claim, if I produced proofs such as I have, ex-
cept the great age of the claim.
