1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
statement of the petitioners. In reference to the |
act of 1794, in respect to advertising the loss, 1 |
think it would be found, by recurring to'the re-
ports of the intervening period, that the requisi-
tion has come to be dispensed with, and that if the
law is not repealed, it has at least become obso- ,
lete. That is my impression."
Now, sir, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Thomas] says that we have no business to take
the assertion of T. N. Smith, for proof that these
certificates have been issued. But, sir, these en-
tries were not made by that gentleman; they were
made by the proper parties at the time the certifi-
cates were issued. The assertion of the facts of the
case, by this gentleman, under these circumstan-
ces, appears to me perfectly regular and satisfac-
tory.
But, sir, at the time the committee looked into
the matter, the superintendent of that Depart-
ment was required to make the proper certificate
.in relation to the fact, whether or not these certifi-
cates were on the records. And if the certificate
•which he sent us was not the proper one, he should
have furnished another. His books of record are
competent in law, to show that these certificates
were still outstanding, and if additional entries
•were necessary, he should have sent them.
I did not know before that any further proof was
necessary. If it be necessary, let the matter be
inquired into. I am perfectly confident that you
will find every necessary evidence. Was such
evidence ever required before? Was anything
more required than to show that the entries were
made in the records at the time by the proper
party? Was other proof ever required to show
that loan office certificates went into actual circula-
tion ? I am not aware of it—I have never been
advised of such necessity. /
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland] a single ques-
tion with regard to the statement which he has
made concerning the facts of this case.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Ashmun.) Hie Chair
will state to the gentleman from Illinois, that it is
not in order to debate the bill.
Mr. BISSELL. I have no disposition to de-
bate it, but, with the permission of the Chair and
of the committee, I desire to ask a question. I un-
derstood the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Cleveland] to state, and his statement had con-
siderable effect upon my mind, that just previous
to the death of General Sumter he declared that
this was a'just debt and remained unpaid.
Mr. CLEVELAND, (inteiposing.) I said that
the opponents of this appropriation called for the
reading of the report, which is adverse to the
claimant, and they give reasons for the result to
which they came, but in that report they find that
General Sumter did make a declaration to his
grandson, such as I have stated, just previous to
his death, that this claim was a just one against
the Government and unpaid. That fact is not
controverted by the committee in their finding, and
they therefore have given their sanction to the
truth of it; and I went on further to show why it
was entitled to credit. Tl^report of the committee
finds that fact, and does riot at all question the
correctness of the statement made; and as I said
before, that is enough to satisfy me that the claim
is due. a
Mr. BISSELL, (resuming.) The report setforth
that the petitioner states that General Sumter de-
signed to petition Congress for the payment of
this debt, but was prevented from so doing by his
illness and death. There is no statement that
General Sumter ever declared any such intention. ;
It is merely a simple statement by the petitioner,
that his grandfather designed to petition Con- j
gress, but was prevented by his illness aiflf death, i
He does not say that he ever conversed with his
grandfather on the subject, or how he knows that
such was his design. !
Mr. WOODWARD. I can state what the facts I
of the case are 
The CHAIRMAN. All further debate is out
of order. j
Mr. THOMAS inquired if it was in order to 1
withdraw his amendment ? j
The CHAIft decided that it was not in order, i
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomas's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House. j
Mr. JONES suggested that the motion was not 1
in order. The resolution of the House directs that j
the committee should rise and report the bill. j
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Thomas] was not in order.
Mr. THOMAS then moved that the committee
rise and report the bill, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
Mr. KERR inquired if the bill was still open to
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was.
Mr. KERR then moved to amend the bill by
inserting the words "interest thereon according to
the terms of the funding act."
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have al-
ready stricken out the interest; the gentleman
must therefore offer his amendment in the House.
Mr. KERR. I merely wish to answer aperti-'
nent inquiry that was made by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] and to state that a
similar case to this now before the committee has
been presented to the consideration of Congress,
and has, never been 
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is out of order.
[Loud cries of " Question! question!"]
Mr. DANIEL inquired if he had understood
the Chair to decide that the motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee to lay the bill aside, was not
in order ?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to reply
that he had so decided.
Mr. DANIEL. It has been customary to lay
bills aside in order to save time.
Mr. JONES. It has not been the custom to
lay bills aside when the debate has been stopped
by resolution. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. THOMAS. I have already modified my
motion so as to stand, that the committee now
rise and report the bill, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. KERR. Is that motion debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Thomas, and agreed to.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr.
Ashmcn] reported that the committee had had un-
der consideration a bill for the relief of the heirs
of General Sumter, and had directed him to report
it back, with a recommendation that it do not
j pass.
Mf. THOMAS moved to lay the bill and amend-
! ment upon the table.
Mr. HOLMES desired to make an intermediate
motion, and one that was entitled to precedence.
! He moved that when the House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on that motion; and they were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion,
and carried in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 81.
The question recurring on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Thomas] to lay
the bill on the table, it was taken and decided in
the affirmative.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
CHARLOTTE LYNCH..
«
Mr. MARSHALL called up the motion sub-
mited by Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, on the 30th
of September last, to reconsider the vote by which
the Committee of the Whole House was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
of the Senate entitled "An act for the relief of
Charlotte Lynch."
The SPEAKER said that the question was on
the motion to reconsider, upon which motion the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON proposed to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that if he would
not press the bill to its final passage, but let it go
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims for in-
vestigation, he would withdraw his motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; at the same
time pledging himself, that should that committee
make a favorable report upon the bill, he would,
so far as he was concerned, withdraw all objection
to it.
Mr. MARSHALL made some remarks, (almost
inaudible to the Reporter,) which were understood
to be in allusion to the manner of opposition to
this bill by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] in the last hour of the last session of
Congress. He, however, refused to accede to the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JOHNSON repeated, that he had no dispo-
. sition to wage a captious opposition to the bill;
find if by common consent the House would let it
go to the committee he proposed, he would make
no further opposition to it.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired to make a mo-
tion for the commitment of the bill.
The SPEAKER said that no motion in regard
to the bill was in order until the question of re-
consideration was disposed of.
Mr. WENTWORTH then proposed to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON proposed as a compromise to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
that the bill be again referred to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. MARSHALL declined it, saying that he
wished the bill to pass, and he would push it
: through if he could.
Mr. JOHNSON then moved that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken by tellers, and decided
in the negative—ayes 52, noes 68.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays; which
being ordered and taken, resulted, yeas62, nays
103.
: The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is entitled to the floor.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, proceeded to
' examine the merits of this case. By the report
of the committee, he said, it would be seen that
Charlotte Lynch was the only surviving child of
| Ebenezer Gray, who served in the war of the
Revolution,and until its termination; that he then
returned with a broken constitution and died in a
short time thereafter. The petitioner does not say
at what period he died, nor of this are we in-
formed by the committee. The report in thecase
does not assume fhat Ebenezer Gray died in con-
sequence of sickness caused by being in the ser-
vice. Nobody dies except from cause, and many
that lived during the war died after it was over,
and there is a strong probability that those who
i now live will die hereafter. [Laughter.] We are
, further informed that the only compensation which
he or any member of his family ever received was
! his monthly pay, while in service, and the five
years commutation pay; and it is said that this
, I was depreciated when he got it. It is stated that
he was a lawyer; but it does not follow that a
gentleman engaged in the legal profession, or that
of medicine, always finds the business profitable.
The monthly pay of $60 may have been of greater
advantage. But the committee inform us that he
only got his monthly pay and his certificate of
five years full pay. So far as the resolution of
1780 is concerned, providing half pay for life, he
had a claim on the Government; but the resolu-
tion of 1783 made further provisions, that the
half pay might be commuted for five years'full pay;
and he received his certificate for five years' full
pay instead of half pay for life. He may have
lived a good while, or died very soon, and it may
have been more profitable to receive the full pay
| at once. The resolution of 1791, funding the cer-
i tificates, provided for interest; but they say, im-
; pliedly, that he was poor and parted with his
| certificate, and did not get its value. And what
j more do they say ? That the certificate depre-
I ciated, and that he did not obtain for it more than
j one year's full pay; and the bill proposes five
J years full pay, in addition to what he received,
i If he was disposed to sell his claim, it was not
i the fault of the Government. It is clear that who-
| ever obtained the certificate by purchase, got its
j full amount. Then, on what does this claim
I rest ? Does it rest on equity ? Does it rest on
justice ? If so, what will you do with every other
soldier of the Revolution ? and every other officer
who received this description of pay ? Will you
provide for them, and open the door through
which they can be remunerated ? The only argu-
ment is, that the pay of the Government depre-
ciated in his hands. And who n6w asks for tliift
money? Who sets up this claim? A woman.
When we come to this portion of society, all the
better feelings of my nature are on that side. The
i best feelings of my heart are with the women,
| and I know, that even before juries, and in Con-
j gress, my course has been in accordance with
' these sentiments. But we should be just before
i| we are liberal, and should deal out even-handed
