IftfE OONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13.
justice to all. If we are disposed to bestow gra-
tuities, why not make the bill a general one?
Why not cover all cases, or all women, I should
say : [Laughter.] AV hy should not all these
female cases be covered, and clearly cohered, as
my friend over the way suggests ? I liav*&Q ob-
jection to Charlotte. I suspect that she is an
amiable woman, the daughter of a clever man,
and that this clever man received his pav. And
all the ground for the claim is, that the money
depreciated to some extent. If charity was to be
exercised, and any one of intellect, of literary at-
tainments, should apply to Congress, he would
be as liberal a? the most zealous advocate, and
show to what extent his charity exists. If clearly
ail act of gratitude and charity, we should set an
example, bv putting our hands into our own
pockets, and subscribing ten dollars apiece, and
this would produce more than two thousand dol-
lars. If our sympathies are so extensive, and our
generosity so great, let us reduce our theory to
practice.
You are by the course you are now pursuing
establishing a precedent which will open the door
to large drains on the Treasury. Rather than do
this, I repeat, let us set the example which I inti-
mated. I am a poor and needy man, but will go as
far as any man in the Housato save money. I think
the most indubitable proof should be furnished
that this is not a bad claim. What was the prop-
osition made here this morning? If you read the
report of one of the committees, all opposition
will cease. Why fear the bill going to that com-
mittee? Why be afraid of that ordeal? It is the
House committee. Why not let the bill go to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims? Why
should not the country have the benefit of the in-
vestigation on the subject? If it be so clear, and
the principle so great, and well-founded, in the
name of Heaven why not let it go, and we will
have no difficulty. They hav^ furnished prima
facie evidence that the claim is a bad one. If it be
allowed, the evil is this: it will open the door
through which large sums of money will pass
from the Treasury. The bill should, he repeated,
be sent to the Committee on Revolutionay Claims.
I will give an illustration. I hold in my hand
another report, and I should not be surprised if
the friends in this knew what the committee were
doing in other cases. The report to which I al-
lude is on the petition of Charles and Valentine
Sevier. Go back to the early history of Tennes-
see; read the annals of the Revolution, and of the
valor and sufferings of their fathers, and you will
find that the battle of King's Mountain was the
most important in that struggle. It was at the
period when Ferguson inspired the Tories with ar- i
dent hopes; when Gates was on his way to the i
South; when Cornwallis was penetrating North
Carolina, and dismay prevailed throughout the
country, until Sevier s regiment, from that part
which was then North Carolina, now Tennessee,
met the British troops there. After a long and
doubtful struggle, amid fire and smoke, he drove
the enemy from the plains, and spread consterna-
tion throughout the Tory region and the British
camp, followed up by disasters and the surrender
of Cornwallis, and the treaty of 1783. It was this
battle which turned the tide of the Revolution, and
resulted in the independence which we now enjoy.
Robert Sevier in that battle shed his blood; he
never received one halfpenny or one fourpence
from the Government. He did not receive sixty
dollars per month, and loan office certificates and
half pay for life. He fell on the battle-field, and ,
tested the sincerity of his patriotism by surren-
dering his life. Who was Robert Sevier? He
was the father of Charles and Valentine, who
never received anything for his services; and who
ask Congress to make an appropriation for their
relief. What do the committee say? They re-
port that it would be a bad precedent. How is
Charlotte's case compared with this ? There is
no analogy. These gentlemen are pressing it
through. If it be a stronger case than ours, why
are they afraid, to let it go to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims?
There were many other things I intended to
say, but I have no disposition to trespass on the
attention of the House; but I hope that this bill
will be referred to the committee. If they report
favorably, I will not open my mouth against it.
Mr. MARSHALL said he had no disposition to
trespass upon the time of the House at that period .
of the day, but he desired to be indulged in a few
statements of this case, in reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, who had moved to reconsider the
vote by which the Committee of the Whole had
been discharged from the further consideration of
the bill now before them.
I believe (said Mr. M.) that the bill ought to
pass. I believe it, after having examined the law
upon which it is founded, the resolutions of 1778,
the resolves of Congress of 1780, and the act of
May, 1783, and the act of 1838. I have no doubt
but its equity is as plain as that of any case that
can be bought before the consideration of this
House.
I draw the attention of the House to the fact,
that the opposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee seems to be founded, as the main drift of
the argument rests, upon something that a commit-
tee of the House has done with the Sevier case,
from the Suite of Tennessee. I am willing to
leave the gentleman and his case alone in their
care, and leave him and the committee to settle the
case themselves. I have no disposition to inter-
fere, or to defend the members of that committee.
I will state what I honestly believe to be the
principles of this bill. I do not know the claim-
ants at all. In October, 1780, Congress, at the
instance of General Washington, passed a resolu-
tion that that class of officers who remained in the
service until the close of the war should be entitled
to full pay for five years, or half pay for life.
In 1783, General Washington recommended
that the proposition which came from the officers
of the arnjy to receive commutation for five years
pay, in lieu of half pay for life, should be extended
to them. It was so done in 1783.
The gentleman from Tennessee says that Col-
onel Gray came forward and received his five years
full pay. I suggest that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee does not know the fact that the certificates
for commutation were made out_ by the Secretary
of War, and that the officers of the Revolution
were compelled to take this commutation or noth-
ing, and never were allowed to choose whether
they would take it or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand the terms were
these: It was discretionary with the party either
to receive a certificate for five years full pay, or to
receive half pay during life.
Mr. MARSHALL. My understanding is this:
That the law was passed giving to the officers of
the army of the continental line, who ser ed to
the close of the war, half pay for life, or five
years full pay in lieu thereof, giving individuals of
the army the right to choose which of them they
would take. I, for instance, had no right to
choose whether I would take the half pay for life
or five years full pay. The law was express in
its terms, that a majority of the officers of a regi-
ment should have a right to determine for the regi-
ment. This was the law. Therefore, A, B, or
C, no individual officer had the right to determine
fyr himself in which way he would be paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did I understand the gen-
tleman as saying that Colonel Gray chose to re-
ceive five years full pay?
Mr. MARSHALL. No; I did not say any-
thing about it. I am yet to understand that Col.
Gray ever acted upon the subject at all. I under-
stand that Colonel Gray, after the close of the
Revolution, died of disease contracted in the ser-
vice. I understand that this commutation certifi-
cate laid in the War Department subject to the
order of his family. I understand that the fam-
ily, reduced almost to beggary by the results of
the war, took the five years full pay instead of
half pay for life.
Mr. DUNHAM (interposing) made an in-
quiry, which was entirely inaudible at the Report-
ers' desk.
Mr. MARSHALL. I admire the public econo-
mist. The report does not sustain the gentleman.
The report stated " that at the time of entering the
' army Ebenezer Gray was engaged in the prac-
' tice of the law, as he had been for some years;
' that he retired from the army at the close of
' the war, with a constitution broken by disease
' contracted in the service, and was never after
* able to engage in the practice of his profession,
' or otherwise to secure by his personal exertions
' a competence for his family, and died a few years
' after, having all along lingered under the disease
' thus contracted. That the only compensation
• which he or any member of his family ever !
| ' received for services thus long and faithfully ren-
I ' dered, was his monthly pay while in service
' in the depreciated currency, which was all the
'Government could then command, and the five
' years <^>mmutation allowed in 1783, in lieu of
' the half pay for life which was stipulated by the
' resolution of 1780; which speedily depreciated to
' a few cents in the dollar, leaving them less than
' one year's full pay instead of five, which was the
' intention of Congress to give." Now, upon what
authority did the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunham] assert that Colonel Gray received his
five years' commutation ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Because the report from
which the^gentleinan has read says that he did
receive a certificate, which depreciated in his hands
to the amount of one year's pay. I ask hiin
whether the certificate he received was not after-
wards redeemed, dollar for dollar, principal and
interest ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I am not disposed to dis-
pute with my friend from Indiana in regard td
the construction he may choose to place upon the
verbiage of this report. I do not understand from
it, that Colonel Gray, during life, did elect to take
commutation. I do not deny that ever Colonel
Gray, or his family, procured commutation at a
greatly depreciated rate.
Upon what principle did Congress pass the law
of 1828? It was upon the principle, distinctly
avowed, that the commutation act of 1783 was
wrongly executed upon the officers of the Army
by the necessities of the country. You admit it
was wrong, because it forced them to take com-
mutation: because it authorized a majority of the
officers of the line in 1783 to determine for the mi-
nority of the officers of the line. Let me put a case,
because it was put when the law of 1828 was
passed. You know that when the act of 1783 was
passed, we were upon the point of making peace;
ratifications of it had not been exchanged, but
peace existed. The young officers in the camp,
knowing that no more active service would be re-
quired of them, returned to their families. This
law passed through Congress, and was sent to the
camp. The time limited by law in which to make
the election, whether to take the half pay for life
or full pay for five years, was six months for those
in the most distant service. Consequently, the old
officers who were in the camp in command of re-
giments, in most cases determined for the whole
; corps, whether they would receive commutation
pay for five years, or take half pay for life. The
! young officers being absent, generally, had noth-
ing to do with it. But, sir, I cite this for the pur-
pose of showing that the act of1828, which passed
tha Congress of the United States, was passed dis-
tinctly because the act of 1783 was unjust; and it
was based upon the fact that it was the moral
duty of the United States to provide for those
classes of persons, having failed to provide for
them in 1783.
1 do not feel disposed to consume the time of
the House. I have no reply to make in regard to
the sentiments which fell from my frieqd from
Tennessee. This bill has been subjected to the
ordeal of a regular dlttnding committee of the
Senate. It has been reported upon by ]Vfh
Phelps, a Senator from Vermont, and has passed
the Senate.
Mr. GRBEN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky three questions, the first of which
is, how much is asked for in the bill?
Mr. MARSHALL. Five years'full pay.
Mr. GREEN was understood to ask, as the
second question, is interest to be received on the
commutation ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know.
Mr. GREEN. How long did he live after the
close of the war ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know how long
he lived, no more than what the report represents,
not having had the pleasure of his acquaintance.
[Laughter.] I am acting upon the report, as any
other legislator would act.
Mr. BRECK. The bill gives five years' full
pay. I ask my colleague if he does not know
precisely a similar case, where the Treasury De-
partment, upon an opinion of the*Attorney Gen-
eral, allowed interest upon the act of 1783 ? That
will make this claim for five years' full pay, and
interest on it from 1783 until this day.
Mr. MARSHALL. I never pestered myself
about that. I never troubled myself with what the
