1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
otogy of his resolution, so that the Committee on
Military Affairs be requested, not directed to re-
port a bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Bort,] the
resolution is, that the committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of reporting such a
hill. The resolution, therefore, is merely one of
inquiry.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
Mr. DISNEY asked the unanimous consent
the House, introduced the following resolution;
which was read and agreed to:
Resalred, That it be referred to the Judiciary Committee
to report upon the propriety of giving the same salary to
the Federal marshal of South Carolina as is allowed to the
marshals of other districts,
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BURT, by unanimous consent of the House,
introduced a joint resolution to terminate the 8th
article of the Treaty between the United States
and Great Britain, concluded at Washington the
9th day of August, 1842; which was read a first
Venable, Walden, WWdo, Wellborn,
Wilmot, and Young—87.
Wildrick, Williams,
of*the House to introduce the following resolu- ?,nd.se™nd.ti™?^y i**Le  and referred t0
tion. It was simply, he said, a resolution of in-
quiry:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be
instructed to iuquire into the expediency of employing
Hiram Powers to execute some appropriate statuary for the
ornament of the public grounds or buildings.
Objection was made, and the resolution was not
introduced. 0
GRANT OF LANDS.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following bill:
" A bill granting to the States of Illinois, Indiana, and
Ohio, the right of way through the public lands, and for
other purposes."
Objection was made to the introduction of the
bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to suspend the
rules, that the bill might be received and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill, which was again read, is in the fol-
lowing words:
Beit enacted, t/e., That the right of way through the
public lands be, and the same is hereby granted, to the
States of Ilfinois, Indiana, and Ohio, respectively, for the
construction of a railroad from a point at or near Illinois-
-town, on the Mississippi river, upon the most direct and 1
eligible route to the line of the Central Railroad in Illinois;
thcnce, by branches, upon the most eligible routes—one
to Cincinnati or Sandusky City, or to any point between 1
said cities, the other to New Albany, on the Ohio river ; ■
said road and branches to be located by the Legislatures of
Committee on Naval Affairs.
HARBOR AND RIVER BILL.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I gave notice
last week that I should this morning have the es-
timates of the Department, to enable me to make
the proposed alterations in the river and harbor
bill. I gavejiotice at the same time, that if the
estimates were received I should ask that the bill,
be taken up. I do not wish to make it the special
order, because I consider and believe it comes
under that class of preferred appropriation bills,
about which a point was made some days ago in
the House. I will be prepared to state the point
to the committee, if the House will resolve itself ^
into Committee of the Whole on the state ot
the Union. I therefore move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLaxs] to waive his motion
for a moment.
Mr. McLANE assefnted.
A RETIRED LIST. 1
On motion by Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous 1
consent,
Ordered, That tile Committee of the Whole House on the
State of the Union be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill of the House (No. 209) to promote the effi-
ciency of the Naval establishment, by providing a retired
said States, respectively, within the limits of each; and : foY disabled officers, and reducing the number of offi
said States are respectively authorized to take necessary • ■ - ~
materials of earth, stones, timber, &c., for the con-
struction of so maeh'of said mad, or either or both of said
branches as may be located within its limits; and a copy of :
the surveys of said road and branches, made under the di-
rection of the Legislatures of said States, respectively,
shall be forwarded to the proper local land offices, and to the
General Land Office at Washington city, within ninety
days after the completion of the same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Sfc., That there be,
and hereby is, granted to the States of Illinois, Indiana, and
Ohio, respectively, every alternate section of public land
designated by odd numbers within the limits of each of said
States, for six miles on each side of said road and branches,
for the length thereof: Provided, That the said States, re-
spectively, may supply any deficiency caused by the rale,
reservation, or encumbrance by preemption of said grant,
by taking and substituting any quantity not exceeding the
said deficiency, not reserved nor encumbered by preemp-
tion, anywhere exterior to' the limits of said grant, and
within nine miles of said limits, and nearest the same:
Provided, further, That the grant to Ohio may be located
anywhere within said State, upon any lauds not reserved
nor encumbered by preemption.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of
each of said States may ascertain and report the lands
granted by tbis act within its limits, by their descriptive
numbers, to the proper local land offices, and to the General
Lapd Office at Washington city; but the sani*4 shall be done
within three months after the location of said road, or both,
or either of said branches, according to the case, within the
State. Said lands may be applied under the direction of the
Legislatures of said States respectively; but for no other
purpose than the construction of said road and branches,
or branch within tbe limits of the State; and shall only be
applied as the work progresses: Provided, That each of
said State^ shall refund the proceeds of the sale of said
land, or any part thereof within its limits; and likewise
any of raid lauds remaining unsold shall revert to the
United States, unless so much of the work as may be loca-
ted within the State be finished within ten years from this
date.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said road
aod branches shall be and remain a public highway; and
the mails of the United States shall always be transported
upon the same for such compensation as Congress by law
may direct; and any property, or troops of the United
States shall be transported upon the same free of toll or
other charge. ^
The question was then taken, and the rules
were not suspended.
So the bill was not received.
Mr. DISNEY moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to introduce the resolution he pro-
posed above, which had been objected to.
The question was taken on the motion, and the
rules were not suspended.
PAY OF MARSHALS.
Mr. HOLMES, by the unanimous consent- of
cere," and that the same be recommitted to the Committee
on Naval Affaire.
BREVET RANK.
On motion by Mr. BURT, by unanimous con-
sent,
Ordered, That the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill of the House (No. 15) " to regulate
brevet rank, and to retire disabled officers of the arm y;"
and that the same be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, leave was
granted to withdraw certain papers from the files.
Mr. McLANE renewed his motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with the viewto enablehimto move
| to take up the harbor bill.
Mr. WENT WORTH demanded the yeas and
■ nays on the motion; which were ordered; and the
j question being taken, the result was—yeas 107,
nays 87—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashinun, Bingham, Bissell, Bokce, Bowlin,
Boyd, Breck, Brooks, Buel, Bullard, T. B. Butler, Joseph
Cable, Campbell, Canter, Chandler, Clarke, Clingman,
Cole, Conger, Corwm, Danner, Disney, Duer, Duncan,
Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Fowler, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott,Gould, Grinnell, Halloway,
Hampton, Harlan, Havniond, Henry, Hilliard, Holmes,
Houston, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jack-
son, James I*. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Kerr,
George G. King, John A. King, Leffler, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Ma^on, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, R.
M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, Meaeham, Moore, More-
head, Morris, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Outlaw, Peck, Phcenix,
Reed, Reynold", Richardson, Risiey, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Runisey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhom, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd,Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Stet«on, Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, Thur-
man, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins, Wentworth,
White, Whittlesey, and Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale,
I Bennett, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Wil-
I Ham J. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Casey, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Deberry, Dickey, Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing,
, Featlierston, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Gilinore, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Isham G.Harris, Samp-
i son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Hibbard, Hoag-
land, Holladay, Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson,
; Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, La S&re, Littlefield, Job
! Mann, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McMullen,
I McQueen, McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson,
! Morrison, Morse, Morton, Orr, Otis, Peaslee, Phelps, Pit-
I man, Powell, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle,
! Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,-
Mr. Strong in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in or-
der before the committee is House bill No. 102,
to change the times for holding the district courts
of the United States in the western district of
Virginia, and for other purposes.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. When, Mr.
Chairman, the committee was last in session, a
motion was made by the gentleman frorf Illinois,
on my right, [Mr. Wentworth,J and was enter-
tained by the Chair, that the river and harbor
bill should be taken up as a general appropriation
bill. The question on this motion was put, and
lost, the Chair voting in the negative. At a sub-
sequent stage of our proceedings, the same motion
was also made by the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] also on my right; which
motion was by the Cliair ruled not in order, and
"the committee, on appeal, sustained the decision of
the Chair. A point was raised by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] on the proper
construction of the seventy-ninth and eightieth
rules. I now desire permission to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact, that in the
seventy-ninth rule, providing for general appro-
priation bills 
Mr.' EWING. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that all debate is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion before the
committee is not debatable.
Mr. McLANE. I ask the permission of the
committee 
I Mr. EWING. What is the point of order to
whiclPyou rise?
j Mr. McLANE. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will bear with me a few minutes, I will
designate the point of order. But I should like to
state 
Mr. EWING. If arguments are raised on the
one side, it is but proper, and it is to be expected,
they will be replied to by the other.
Mr. McLANE. I do not mean to enter into
any argument. I have no wish to do so. But I
simply wish to make an explanation. I wish to
make reference to a question of the facts that have
actuated the decision of the Chair. The Chair
had read the seventy-ninth and eightieth rules,
which provide for appropriation bills. I wish to
submit to the Chair this question, whether the
pension appropriation bill, the Military Academy
appropriation hill, the fortification appropriation
bill, and the river and harbor appropriation bill,
are not included in the seventy-ninth rule, and
whether they have not always been taken up by
this committee as general appropriation bills?
The CHAIRMAN. Perhaps the gentleman
from Maryland will more distinctly state his point
of order.
j Mr. McLANE. My point of order is, whether,
; in the usage of this committee and this House,
I the fortification appropriation bill, the Military
j Academy appropriation bill, the pension appro-
priation bill, and the river and harbor appropria-
1 tion bill, have not always been treated as general
■ appropriation bills?
j The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair understands
the object of the gentleman from Maryland in
raising this point of order, it is to take up the river
and harbor appropriation bill?
j Mr. McLANE. That is my object and wish.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion ^
that such a course would be out of order, and *
; desires to state his view of the construction of the
j rule in question, (the 79th rule.) The 79th and.
j! 80th rules were passed on the same day, that is,
!! 14th September, 1837. The 79th rule provides
, first, that the Committee of Ways and Means shall
i report, designating the time; specifying the gen-
j eral appropriation bills in the second portion of
that rule. Rule 80 provides that general appro-
priation bills shall be in order in preference to any
other bills of a public nature, unless otherwise
| ordered by a majority of the House.
1 It seems to the Chair that, so far as these rules
; are concerned, a motion of the kind made by the
j gentleman from Maryland, to be in order, must
I refer to some general appropriation bill. But the
