52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
Chair, in its decision the other day, did not in-!
tend, nor does it now intend, to put his decision
solely on that ground.
Rule 135 designates the order in which business
shall be taken up in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. First, then, is this
prvviao. It provides that general appropriation
bills, and in time of war bills for raising men or
money, or bills concerning a treaty of peace, shall
be preferred to all other bills, at tne discretion of
the committee. It is not necessary, in ruling a
motion out of order, that the Chair should decide
that there are no other general appropriation bills
than those designated in rule 79.
The term, general appropriation bills, seems to
be used in contradistinction to appropriation bills
which are not general in their application. The
Chair understands that the bill referred to makes
appropriation for certain rivers and harbors, and
not for rivers and harbors in general. As for
instance, the harbor of Buffalo, the harbor of New
York, the river Mississippi, &c. The Chair un-
derstands that such a bill is net a general appropri-
ation bill: because, if it be such, there can be no
such bill that is not a general appropriation bill.
If the appropriation bill, for rivers and harbors
were a bill to improve all the rivers and harbors
of the United States, then it would, in the opinion
of the Chair, be a general appropriation bill. But
the Chair understands it simply to be a bill for
the improvement of certain rivers and of certain
harbors in the United States, and not to be for
the general improvement of all harbors and of all
rivers in the country. The Chair therefore rules
that the motion of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLAXE^is not in order.
Mr. McLANE. If it is in order, I wish to
request information of the Chair, that the com-
mittee may understand whether or not the fertifi-
cation appropriation bill, the Military Academy
appropriation bill, the pension appropriation bill,
and the river and harbor appropriation bill, in the
practice of this House, have been treated as gen-
era] appropriation bills? I merely ask for my own
information, and for the satisfaction of the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must be per-
mitted to state, that it considers by its decision
that this matter is now disposed of.
Mr. McLANE. Then, sir, I appeal from the 1
decision of your Honor to the committee.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I hope the
81st rule will he read. I
Mr. BAYLY. I think that the decision of the ji
Chair is unquestionably right. What is it that-i j
constitutes a general appropriation billA general .
appropriation bill is a bill to carry out objects au- |
thorized by existing laws. That is the criterion
by which a bill must be decided, that it is or is not
a general appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. I must remind gentlemen
that all debate is out of order. A n appeal has been
taken from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. EAYLY. I should like to have the 81st
rule read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed to
read the rule in question.
The rule was then read, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bill, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
unless for an expenditure previously authorized by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. Let the second clause of the
rule be read.
The second part of the 81st rule was then read,
as follows:
" Unless in continuation of appropriation* for such public
works and objects ax are already in progress, and for the
contingencies for carrying on the several Departments of the
' Government."
Mr. McLANE. That is the very point at issue
in the decision of this question.
Mr. VINTON. Perhaps I may be permitted
to make an inquiry, whether the rivers and har-
bors that are referred to in this bill are not rivers
and harbors for which appropriations have former-
ly been made by law, and if not for all, at least,
for most of them ? Whether it is not in continu-
ation 
Mr. BAYLY. Whether for appropriations
" previously authorized bylaw."
Mr. VINTON. Yes; whether appropriations
had not already on a former occasion or occasion*
been made for all or almoat all the rivers and har-
bors referred to in this bill ? That is, whether |
it is not in continuation of former appropria-1
tions ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the committee that no debate is now in order. 1
Interrogatories are not in order, since they neces-
sarily occasion debate.
Mr. BURT. I beg leave to say that this being
an appeal from the decision of the Chair, not un-
der an order of the House closing debate, debate
on the decision of the Chair is perfectly in order.
Debate on an appeal from the decision of the
Chair is always in order, unless it prohibits it by
some specific ride. It is undoubtedly in order to
debate the Chair's decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
that the motion of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. McLane,] to take up the river and harbor
bill, is equivalent to a motion to lay aside all bills
preceding it. The 135th rule expressly declares
that a motion to lav aside bills must be decided
without debate. If the principal motion is not de-
batable, all incidental questions, as appeals, are
necessarily subject to the same rule.
The question now being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" it was taken by tellers, (Messrs. Fuller
and Corwin acting as such ) The tellers reported
ayes 85, noes 77. The decision of the Chair was
therefore affirmed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now re-
port the first bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read from the calen-
dar House bill No. 102; when,
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire what construc-
tion the Chair gives to the rule; whether it is in
order to commence at the beginning of the cal-
endar, or whether to commence where the com-
mittee had left off on a former occasion ?
The CHAIRMAN. I have directed the Clerk
to commence where the committee left off last.
Mr. JONES. Does not the rule require that
the committee should go to the head of the cal-
endar ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands it
that it is in order to commence where the com-
mittee has on a former occasion left off.
Mr. JONES. I submit to the Chair, if the rule
does not reauire the committee to take up the
calendar, ana to proceed with the bills from the
first in the list; taking a vote at each whether
the Committee proceed to the consideration of it
or not?
rhe CHAIRMAN. The rule under which the
committee is now acting, is rule 135, passed July
27, 1848. There has been but little practice under
this rule, and the Chair is not aware that there
has been any decision upon the point of order
suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.] The construction which the Chair at-
taches to this rule is, that by the order of a ma-
jority of the committee it can lay aside any bill
upon the calendar, when objection is made to
its being taken up; and that it has the power
of immediately taking up some other bill, which
is subsequent upon the calendar; and, there-
fore, the Chair is of the opinion, that until some
other bill is taken up and disposed of subsequent
on the calendar to those laid aside, the committee
cannot return to those bills which are first upon
the calendar.
The Chair will remind the committee that at
the last session of Congress this practice was
adopted without debate and without objection.
He remembers that when the President's annual
message was debating in Committee of the Whole,
upon this motion it was laid aside, and the Cali-
fornia message was taken up. That California
message was debated from day to day without ob-
jection, and without its being considered in the
least degree necessary on any subsequent day to
move again that the President's message be laid
aside to consider the California message. This
the Chair believes has been the uniform practice
of the committee.
Mr. JONES. The consideration of the Califor-
nia message was resumed by the committee as the
unfinished business; whereas in the present case
it is nothing of the kind. The Chair will see by
reference to the thirtieth rule, that there it is pro-
vided, that when in Committee of the Whole
House upon private bills, the committee shall call
the calendar where it previously left off.
In the 135th rule, on the contrary, there is no
such provision as this. That bill provides tlmt
in the Committee of the Whole the bills shall be
taken up and disposed of in their order on the cal-
endar. This, it seems to me, provides that when
we go into Committee of the Whole, we must com-
mence with the first bill on the calendar, and go
through it, till all are disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair adheres to the
construction it has already placed on the rule, as
its decision.
Mr. JONES. Then, sir, I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, for the purpose of having
this rule settled.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided that
it is theproper order of business for the committee
to commence where it has left off on a previous oc-
casion, which would be with House bill No. 102,
to change the time of holding the di^#ict court of
the United States for the western district of Vir-
ginia, and for other purposes. The gentleman
from Tennessee has appealed from this decision of
the Chair; and the question is, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?
Mr. BOYD inquired if there was any unfin-
is hed business before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN replied that he was not
aware that there was any.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN stated that House bill No.
102, would now be taken up if there was no ob-
jection.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. MEADE thought that gentlemen would
withdraw their opposition when he told them that
it was very important that the time for holding
the courts in the western district of Virginia
should be changed. That was the object of the
bill, and he hoped that gentlemen would withdraw
their opposition to it.
The question was then taken on proceeding to
the consideration of the bill, and decided in the
negative; so the bill was laid aside.
Mr. MEADE said that a great many gentle-
men were not aware, when called upon to vote,
what the bill was. He asked that the title of the
bill might be read before the vote was taken.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question had
already been taken, and the bill laid aside by the
vote of the committee.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, moved that
the committee rise; which motion was negatived.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the next bill in
order on the calendar was Senate bill No. 1, en-
titled " An act to provide for the adjustment and
'payment of expenses incurred and obligations
' contracted by the State of Florida, in providing
' for the safety of the people of that State during
' the recent insurrection of the Seminole Indians.
Objection being made by several members to the
consideration of the bill, the question was taken,
and decided in the negative; so the bill was laid
aside.
Mr. MEADE moved that the committee rise,
and asked for tellers; but tellers were not ordered;
and the question being taken, the committee re-
fused to rise.
The next bill in order was Senate bill No. 25,
entitled "An act to refund to the State'of North
' Carolina the amount of money advanced and
' transportation furnished to volunteers from that
' State during the late war with ' Mexico."
Objection being made by several members to the
consideration of this bill, the question was taken,
whether the committee would consider the bill,
and it was decided in the negative; so the bill was
laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill next in
order was House bill No. 44, entitled " Anactgrant-
' ing to the States of Missouri and Arkansas cer-
' tain swamp lands for the purpose of reclaiming
' them and increasing the value of the public lands
' in the vicinity thereof."
Mr. .VINTON objected to the consideration of
the bill.
And the question being taken, whether th# bill
; shall be considered ? it was decided in the nega-
| tive; so the bill was laid aside.
