1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEL
5S
The CHAIRMAN stated that the next bill on
the calendar was House bill 134, entitled " A bill
to incorporate the Eagle Steamboat Company."
Objection being; made by several members to
the consideration of this bill, the question was
taken, and it was decided in the negative; so the
bill was laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the next bill
on the calendar was House bill 125, entitled "A
bill to authorize certain persons entitled to bounty
lands to dispose of the same by testament."
Mr. MARSHALL. Let us take that bill up
and dispose of it.
Several members objected to the consideration
of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
proceeding to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL called for tellers ,.and Messrs.
Botd and Morton were appointed. •
The question being taken, the tellers reported 81
in the aifirmative, and 40 in the negative. So the
bill was taken up for consideration.
Mr. MORSE, before proceeding to make a few
remarks, asked that the bill should be read.
The ClE*k read the bill; it is as follows:
A BILL to authorize certain persons entitled to bounty
land to dispose or the same by testament.
Be it enaeted ty the Senate and Howe of Representa-
tive* of the Vmited States of jltnerica in Cmgreu ass em -
hied, That it shall be lawful for any person who may be
entitled to bounty land under the ninth section of an act
entitled '' An act to raise for a limited time an additional
military force, and for other purposes,*' to dispose of the
same by last will and testament made in conformity with
the laws of any State or Territory wherein the same shall
have b?en executed.
Sec. 2. Wad be it further en acted, That in default of
such heirs as are created forced heiis by the aforesaid act,
any testament so made previous to the passage of this act,
shall be deemed a good and sufficient transfer of all the
right and title to land so granted by the provisions of the
act, approved the eleventh day of February, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-seven, any acts or parts of acts to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Chairman, I wish to offer
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Morse] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. I wish to add a section to this
bill by way of amendment, which shall provide,
that the bounty-land warrants authorized to be is-
sued under the act of the last session of Congress,
may be assignable. Is it not in order ?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say that
the amendment would not now be in order, as the
gentleman from Louisiana was entitled to the
floor.
[Great confusion here prevailed in the Hall.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must really
request gentlemen to resume their seats.
Mr. VINTON. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has given no
decision, for no motion has yet been made. The
Chair was simply replying to an interrogatory of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Morse] will accept of my amend-
ment, and offer it as an additional section to the
bill. If he will not do so I will offer it myself at
the proper time. '
Mr. MORSE. No. I must decline, respect-
fully, to accept any amendment to the bill; but I
have no objection to the gentleman offering his
proposition; and if agreeable to the committee it
can be affopted. But I feel it due to the Committee
on Private Land Claims, who unanimously in-
structed me to report this bill, to say a few words
of explanation to the committee, which I think will ;
satisfy the committee of the crying injustice of not ,
passing some such bill as this.
The act providing for the raising of an additional >
force for the Mexican war gave to each soldier or
volunteer a certain amount of land, and designated
what is called in civil law a set of " forced heirs," j
who should inherit the land in the absence of wife or
children, and so forth, and unless the person entitled I
to the bounty had "forced heirs" that land would
revert to the United States. Now the Committee
on Private Land Claims, of which I was chairman
during the last session of Congress, had repeated
applications from persons who were entitled to that
land, who had served a year, and in many instan-:!
ees more than a year—during the whole period ofI1
the war, and who, returning disabled and diseased, U
were attended to by the kindness of, in many in-
stances, comparative strangers, and who had no
i means of remunerating those persons except by
this bounty land to which they were entitled. We
I reported bills to meet several individual cases, one
1 or two of which have already passed; but finding
i the cases accumulating rapidly, and feeling it
was a matter of right and justice that these per-
, ■ sons should have an opportunity of disposing of
! their property, the committee unanimously author-
ized me to introduce a bill which would enable per-
1 sons so entitled to land to transmit it by donation,
, provided the will or testament should be made
conformable to the laws of the State where the
person might-die.
There is a second clause to the bill, which pro-
vides that where a person has disposed of his land
by donation or testament, that act shall be legal-
ized. There are a number of cases before the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether that provis-
ion would apply to those to whom gratuities were
granted by the bill of last session ?
Mr. MORSE. It will depend upon the House
whether the bill shall embrace those cases or not.
It does not include them now, as this bill was
prepared before the passage of the bounty land
bill of last session. 1 see no great difference be-
tween the two cases, nor do I know why a dis-
tinction should be made. But it ought certainly,
as a matter of right and justice, to be applied to
the cases provided for in the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that it does not include those to whom
grants were made by the bounty land bill of last
; session.'
Mr. MORSE. No; it does not. The bill was |
introduced at the recommendation of the commit-
tee before the act of last session, " giving a gratu-
ity," as the gentleman is pleased to call it, to the
soldiers, was passed. But there are in-the com-
mittee room now a large number of testaments,
made, I presume, with all due formalities, in
which deceased persons recognize thekindness and
devotion of some strangers who nursed them
through sickness, when they returned from the
Mexican war, enfeebled in their constitutions, and
broken down in health, by leaving them (as they
supposed they had the power to do" not entirely
j as a donation, but in payment of a debt which
; they had no other means of paying) these bounty j
I lands Which the Government had given them as
'! an inducement to enlist.
Under these circumstances, I trust that, what-
| ever opinions gentlemen may entertain concerning
I the policy of passing the amendment suggested by
| the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] to
| make the land warrants transferable, they will
! take up this bill as it stands, and pass the two sec-
tions first, and then^if it be the pleasure of the
| committee, they can add another section.
The reason why I refrained from offering or ac-
cepting any amendment, was, that I did not wish
to endanger the bill or give particular preference
to any gentleman. This bill was examined with
great care by the committee. It provides only for
I two things: lfenables the soldier to transfer the
land by testament where there are no forced heirs,
ana it declares valid any such testamentary dona-
tion which may have be^n made in conformity to
the laws of the State in which the soldier may
have died. I trust, then, that under these circum-
stances the committee will pass these two sections,
and then the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
can take the sense of the committee on the amend-
ment he^ias suggested.
I will state again to the committee, that we have
already sanctioned the principle of this bill by
passing one or two private acts giving to particu-
lar individuals the power proposed to be conferred
by this bill, but in consequence of the accumula-
J tion of such cases we have prepared this general
I law.
j Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, desired to
offer an amendment as an additional section.
' The CHAIRMAN^tated that the bill, would
, be read section by section, and the gentleman could
then offer his amendment in the proper place.
! Mr. JONES moved to dispense with the first
reading of the bill, and that it be read section by
section.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it had already
had its first reading, but that it would now be
read by sections.
The Clerk read the first section of the bill.
Mr. BURT said: I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] whether he
would not strike out so much of that section as
describes the law under which the lands are held,
and allow the section to apply to those who hold
under the act of the last session of Congress. It
seems to me, sir, that if the bill be a good one, it
should embrace all cases of bounty land; and I
move, therefore, with the approbation or permis-
sion of the gentleman from Louisiana, to amend
the first section of the bill, by striking out all after
the word "land," in the fourth line, down to the.
word "purposes," in the sixth line.
Mr. SCHENCK said: The amendment which
has just now been offered by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] brings up the very
question which I sought to present to the consid-
eration of the committee when I interrupted the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse.] There
are two classes of bounty lands. There is the
bounty land which is held up as an inducement to
men to enlist or volunteer as soldiers in the army,
which is as much a part of the contract, as much
a part of the consideration which induces a man
to take his place in the ranks of the army, as his
pay when he becomes a soldier. In all such cases,
therefore, I hold it to be right and proper that the
| persons entitled to bounty land should dispose of
it as he chooses, just the same as any other prop-
erty which he may possess, either as a gift or for
a consideration, in any manner he may think
proper. It is given to nim by the Government as
a part of the contract he has entered into. But
there is another class of bounty lands, granted by
the general, sweeping bill of last session. These
are gplled bounty lands, but they really are not
bounty lands. They are gratuities, which are
given afterwards, for services that have been be-
fore-time performed, and consideration for which
has been, in some shape or other, paid at the time.
They are mere gratuities, not bounties for enlist-
ment—not given as a part of the consideration for
enlisting or volunteering. They were not held
out, in advance, as an inducement to persons to
enlist, in order to stimulate their patriotism, or
their love of adventure, or whatever other motives
may lead them to join the armies of the country.
They do not enter into the contract at all. They
are matters subsequently provided, and are mere
■gratuities or donations made in consideration of
some past services before-time performed and paid
for. Now, it does seem to me that when we
make such donation or gratuity, it is proper to
limit that gratuity or donation; and such has al-
ways been our practice. In this particular class
of cases, -we may give to the soldier himself, if he
survives; or if he is-dead, to his widow; or if he
has no widow living, to his children. But we
should go no further. We should not authorize
this gratuity to be disposed of in any way other
than that indicated by the bill itself, or the act of
the Legislature which bestowed the donation. It
has always been the practice to make such a lim-
itation. I think it a wise one. I see no reason
| for departing from it. I do see a reason why,
1 when the bounty land is a part of the contract
under which the soldier enlists, he should be per-
mitted to dispose of it as he may think proper,
and I have no ^objection to enable him to dispose
of it by will and testament. But in cases of a dif-
ferent character, where \^hat is called bounty land
is, in fact, not bounty land, but a subsequent dona-
tion, paid by the Government in consideration of
past services, in some other way, at a past time
Eaid for, either to the ancestor or to the person
imself, if he still survives—then I think .that it is
not proper to throw open the door, or that we
should make it broader or wider than we have al-
ways done heretofore.
Mr. WENTWORTH. As I understand it, it
is all the same to the General Government whether
these warrants are assigned or not. We give the
land to these parties. We lose the land. Who,
then, has an interest in- it after we part with our
interest? No one but the soldier liimseif. To
show the practical operation of this, I will state
this fact: but a short time ago I was in one of the
eastern States where there was a large number of
soldiers entitled to these warrants. They could not
