54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
e*en give them away. They were valueless to I
them, while the soldiers in the new States where 1
there nre lands can use their warrants, which are
therefore worth something to them. Now, if
gentlemen from the old States wish these warrants
to be valueless there, and the soldiers ill the east-
mi States to have nothing, or only half a warrant,
I do not know why we, of the western States,
should not submit to it.
That is reall v the practical operation of the law;
and how conies it ? Let us look at the facts of the
case. A large number of the old land warrants
were bought up by brokers. They had hundreds
of thousands of dollars invested in these land war-
rants, and if we had not made a discrimination be-
tween the new warrants and the old, Jhe brokers
would have lost an immense amount of money.
Every one knows that. What do they want?
They told me that I was a land reformer, and that
I ought to go for giving the soldier a home, and
hat we who are land reformers should have these
warrants not made assignable; for that then, of
course, the old soldier would go to the new coun-
try, live upon his land and establish a home there.
Such was the reasoning of these brokers who pre-
tended to be the friends of land reform; but their
real reason was that they had bought up all the
warrants in the market, and if these were put on
a par with the old warrants, they would lose on
the warrants which they had already bought up.
At the close of the last session of Congress, on the
morning of the adjournment every one remembers
the scene that took place here. There were, per-
haps, fifty brokers within the bar, and I called
upon the Speaker to drive them out, because they
were not privileged, and their sole business inside
the bar was to have us legislate for their express
benefit, and against the soldier.
Now, the law of the land makes these^var-
nuits assignable, and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior had no right to put the construction on it
which he has done. The practical operation of
that construction of the law will be, that while
the bill will benefit the soldiers of the western
States, it will be to the injury of those in the old
States.
What is one of these land warrants now worth
to an old soldier in New Hampshire, or Virginia,
or South Carolina? Can he sell it? No, he must
enter the land in the first place, and then sell the
land. What difference does it make to the Gen-
eral Government? The benefit arising from it is
only to the broker who bought up a large quantity.;
of the original warrants, and wants to depreciate I]
these until he can sell his original stock. That is 11
the secret of this whole matter. !
Mr. MEADE inquired what was the question |
before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN replied, tfiat it was the
amendment offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
Mr. MEADE wished to know if that amend-
ment made the warrants assignable?
Several Members. No, no!
Mr. MEADE said that he had prepared an
amendment, to make the warrants issued under
the bounty land bill of last session assignable, and
that he should offer it at the proper time.
Mr. SWEETSER, who was very indistinctly
heard at the Reporter's desk, in consequence of
the confusion which prevailed in the Hall, was
understood to say, I propose to submit a few re-
marks to the House upon a single point involved
in this debate. The object of this bill, as I under-
stand it, is to legalize the disposition of bounty
land by will or testament. It is well known to
all who have had any experience with this class
of cases, that great frauds have been practiced
upon soldiers in the transfer of their warrants,
and the object of the law was to prevent that. ,
Now, this bill is not to have a prospective effect
only. Its terms reach back, and legalize transfers
made by soldiers on their return from Mexico.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to this fact. At the time Congress passed
this law, they gave the bounty, in case of the
death of the soldier, first to his widow and chil-
dren, and then to his collateral heirs; and all the
warrants that have been issued to widows and
heirs after the decease of the soldier, will be
affected by the passage of this law. I should
have no objection to the bill if it had only a pro-
| spective effect; but it has this principle in it, it goes
back, and 
Mr. MORSE, (interposing.) Will the gentle-
man from Ohio yield me the floor for one moment?
I think I can explain the matter to his entire
satisfaction.
Mr. SWEETSER. Certainly, certainly.
Mr. MORSE. The first section of this bill
enables the owners of land warrants to transfer
them by will, in default of having heirs, but it does
not affect the wife or children or collateral heirs.
The law, as it now stands, provides that where
the soldier has none of the heirs contemplated by
the taw, the land reverts to the United States.
Now, various cases of great hardship have come
under our notice, in which the soldier returning
home infirm and diseased, and being without
wife, children, father, mother, brother, or sister,
has had no means of compensating some kind
friend who has nursed and helped him, and has
donated to him this land claim on the Government;
and the object of the second section of this bill is,
to legalize the will in such cases, where the trans-
fer has been made in good faith; but it cannot
affect the rights of the wife and children, or other
collateral heirs.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to ask one
question ; it is, whether it is expressly provided
in the bill that the bequest shall depend on the
absence of wife and children, or other heirs?
Mr. MORSE. Yes, it is.
A Member. I think not.
Mr. SWEETSER. There seems to be a dif-
ference of opinion upon that point.
Mr. MORSE. The second section of the bill
is in these words:
u Sec. 2. ~1nd be it further enacted, That, in default of
mich heirs as are created forced heirs by the aforesaid act,
any testament so made previous to the passage of this act,
shall be deemed a good and sufficient transfer of all the
right and title to land as granted by the provisions of the
act approved the 11th day of February, 1847, any acts or
or parts of ac^s to the contrary notwithstanding."
It will be seen that where there are forced heirs
the soldier has no right to transfer the land; but
in cases where the soldiers had no heirs, and have
disposed of the land by will, as compensation to
those who have served them, the committee thought
it only just and right that those wills should be <
confirmed and legalized,#and they instructed me to ;
report a bill for that purpose. '
Air. SWEETSER.. From the explanation
which the gentleman has given of the application
of the bill, I would support it for that purpose; but
if the amendment now proposed should prevail,
in reference to the law of last session, l should
certainly feel obliged to oppose the passage of the
bill.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. I send to
the Chair an amendment to the first section, and I
ask that it may be read.
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will let us take the question upon the pend-
ing amendment, and get clear of that first.
The CHAIRMAN desired to know if the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky was
an amendment to the amendment, or an independ-
ent amendment?
Mr. CALDWELL. It is an independent
amendment. I want it read, because I think it
will save a great deal oftime and discussion. I
ask that it may be read, at all events.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he would have
it read as a part of the remarks of the gentleman;
but that it was not in order to offer it until the
pending question was disposed of.
Mr. CALDWELL. Well, then, I ask the
Clerk to read it as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read the amendment; it is as fol-
lows:
Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful
for any person or persons entitled to bounty land by virtue
of an act passed 28th September, 1850, or any previous act
or acts, to sell and transfer any warrant or certificate of loca-
tion that may have been issued, or may hereafter issue for
the same, in the same manner and with the same effect that
warrants issued under the act emitted " An act to raise for
a limited time an additional mfhtary force, arid for other
purposes," approved 11th of February, 1847, are trans-
ferable.
Mr. GORMAN. Is the amendment just read
the one under consideration?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not now before the
committee. The question now before the com-
mittee is the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Bcrt,] to strikfe
out certain words.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand that it is to
strike out simply the title of the act under which
these land warrants were originally issued, which
would leave the power general to devise by last
will and testament the land, or the title to the land.
The second section of this act, I believe, sir, ought
not to be passed. The provision contained in the
bill is this: If a soldier about to make his last will
and ftestament has neither father nor mother,
sister or brother, wife or children, nor any of the
relations who are designated as his successors to
the warrant, he may then leave it to any one
else not related to him.
Now the object of this grant was, first, to give
this bounty to the soldier himself, if he should
survive; and secondly, to give it to those near of
kin to him, who sympathized with him in his ser-
vice, and had been deprived of his services, so to
speak, at home. But if he has neither father nor
mother, sisters nor brothers, wife nor children,
•nor any near of kin, then this bill proposes that
he shall give it to a stranger. The stranger, sir,
is not entitled to it, and it ought not to be devised
to him. The object of this Government was not
to give land to the stranger, but to the soldier. Af-
ter he is gone, the bounty of the Government is
gone. The bounty was intended for him. A de-
mand was madeupon him, in a spirit of patriotism,
to lend his services to his country, and if he'died
in service, or died of disease while in service or
after his return from service, then the bounty
should be given to his father or mother, or wife
or children, or brothers or sisters? Further than
that it ought not to go. This bill is radically
wrong, because the bounty of Government was
never intended to be given beyond the heirs or the
"forced heirs," in the language of the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse.] By the words
"forced heirs" I understand the gentleman to
mean those whom the law points out as the suc-
cessors to this right to bounty land. "The law,
then, intended that bounty to go to those persons
whom I have enumerated. Beyond that Govern-
ment never did intend this bounty to go, and the
Government never will intend it to go.
The first section of this bill, if the title of the act
granting these lands be stricken out, gives the
•power to devise the lands. I do not understand
that under this first section the warrant becomes
assignable. Rather a strange anomaly, if that
construction can be put upon it, to say that a man
by way of assigning his warrant should make his
will to get to assign it. This first section pro-
poses only that he may devise by last will and
! testament; then he has, by way of assigning his
warrant, to make a will. Certainly that cannot
be the intention. Certainly it cannot be the in-
tention 
Mr. JONES, (interposing.) I would state, sir,
that it is the intention of the friends of this bill,
and of those who wish to make the warrants
transferable, to report an amendment to it, author-
izing the soldier, or any other persons legally en-
1 titled to these warrants, to transfer them by as-
signment in such manner as it shall please them.
This is not provided for in this bill at present,
and we intend to draw up and offer such an
amendment as I have described, believing it a
proper provision, and hoping that it wig receive
1 the support of this House.
Mr. GORMAN. Very well, sir. I do n«t
know what may be the intentions of the friends
and devisers of this bill, nor is it now necessary
to give them any consideration. The question
nbw before the committee, and to which I desire
to address myself, is, as I understand it, one which
simply provides to establish the right of the sol-
dier, while living, to devise by will and testament
his right to the bounty land bestowed on him by
Government, for services rendered to his country.
Because he cannot go beyond the right, which
he has, if the warrant has been issued, and he
has become the bona fide possessor, in actual pos-
session Of it, either by making a location or entry,
or by haying the warrant in his personal posses-
sion, or in the possession of those representing
him, it is then undoubtedly personal property,
and he has most certainly an unquestionable legal
right to devise his right and title to the warrant, ■
