66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Dec. 10,
The evils of the Mexican war will not be con-
sidered as without some compensation if they shall
have had the effect to ingraft such a provision per-
manently upon our foreign policy.
1 may be also permitted to mention, 88 nn aus-
picious circumstances, in the'same connection,
that the present Secretary of State (Mr. Webster)
has recently given the most satisfactory evidence
of his views upon this subject, by proposing orW-
Irafion for the settlement of a long-vexed question
between the United States and Portugal. It is
well understood that the case of the General Jbrm-
itrong, which seemed likely a few months ago to
disturb the amicable relations of the two coun-
tries, has been referred to the decision of the Pres-
ident of the Republic of France.
The memorial concludes with a request that this
subject may be referred to a select committee, and,
in conformity wih that request, I move that it be
so referred. I beg leave at the same time to say,
that I have no disposition to assume to myself any
lead upon the subject, and that the very precarious
character of the tenure by which I hold my seat
here would render it quite unfit that I should be
intrusted with questions which may require much
investigation or consideration.
Mr. BADGER. I have no disposition, if the
Senator from Massachusetts feels any particular
interest in having this subject referred to a select
committee, to interfere with his wishes; but unless
there be some particular reason for pursuing this
course I would suggest that this matter properly 1
belongs to one of the standing committees of this
body, the Committee on Foreign Relations; and '
if the Senator from Massachusetts will not con-
sider it as manifesting a -disposition to interfere
improperly with the memorial which he has pre-
sented , I will submit the motion that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I b^i eve
the general sense of the Senate is that it is scarcely
politic, scarcely respectful to the standing commit-
tees of this body to refer subjects to select com-
mittees which in their nature property belong to
the standing committees appointed by the Senate
for the disposition of the various subjects brought
before it.
Mr. WINTHROP. I stated when I presented
the memorial, though perhaps the Senator from
North Carolina did not hear me, that I moved to
refer it to a select committee in accordance with
an express request of the memorialists in their
memorial. It was in obedience to the request of j
these highly respectable petitioners that I submit-
ted the motion; but I shall submit with great
readiness to any disposition that the Senate may
make of it.
Mr. BADGER. I will merely add, that I think
the very respectable gentlemen who have sent this ;
petition here have gone a step further than proper-
ly belongs to the character of petitioners, when
they not only desire tlflat the Senate shall hear
them, but point out through what committee or '
agency the subject-matter of their petition shall be
considered. I am aware that the Senator from
Massachusetts submitted that motion in accordance
with the request of the petitioners, but certainly
their wishes ought not to regulate the business of
the Senate. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER.
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Ordered, That that the petition and paper* of Joseph
Byrd, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affair*.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which had been referred Senate
bill No. 371, being a bill granting to the State of
Missouri the right of way and a portion of the
public land to aid in constructing a railroad from
Hannibal to St. Joseph, in said State, reported
back the Same without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
Also, from the same'committee, to which was
referred Senate bill No. 364, being a bill to make
good to Missouri the two per centum of the net
proceeds of the public lands heretofore withheld
from that State, reported back the same with an
amendment, and recommended its passage.
The amendment consists of the addition to the
second section of the following words: "Tobejj
faithfully applied by the Legislature of said State
to roads ana canals and works of internal improve-
ment within the limits of the same."
PRINTING FOR THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following:
Ordered, That the Committee on Printing be authorized
to procure the printing, stitching, and binding of five hun-
dred copies of the first part of the Patent Report for the use
of the Commissioner of Patents, and not to exceed the sum
of fifty-five cents per volume, that number to be instead of
those ordered by the Senate the 10th of December, 1850.
It will be seen by the resolution itself that it is a
substitute for that already adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,]
which the committee were of opinion did not cover
precisely the case which it was designed to cover
when it was voted upon the other day.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which lies over one day under the rule:
Resoked, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
Senate copies of any correspondence, if any has taken place,
between the Department of State and the Austrian Charg6
d'Affaires respecting the appointment or proceedings of the
agent sent out to examine and report upon the condition
and prospects of the Hungarian people during their recent
struggle for independence.
Mr. WHITCOMB submitted thefollowing reso-
lution; which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior inform the
Senate of the number of insane persons at present supported
by tbe United States in the lunatic asylums of Maryland;
the cost of transporting the same from the District of Colum-
bia, and the annual expense of each person.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for
holding a term of the United States District Court for the
southern district of California semi-annually at San Diego.
HIGHWAY TO THE PACIFIC.
Agreeably to notice, Mr. BENTON asked leave
to bring in a bill for the location and construction
of a great central national highway from St. Louis,
on the Mississippi, to the Bay of San Francisco,
on the Pacific ocean; and said that, not being of
the committee to which the consideration of the
- bill might be referred, he took occasion to explain
its leading features befefre it was referred, so that
its object might the better be understood in the
committee, ft conforms, he said, to all the ideas
of a national highway.
First centrality. I deem this a cardinal idea in
every conception of a national road: and my bill
conforms to it. It is central under all aspects. It
is to begin and to end between the parallels 38°
and 39° of north latitude, and, with slight deflec- !
tions, to follow these latitudes from the Mississippi ;
to the Pacific. These are the middle latitudes of
the United States from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
They cover the central parts of the Atlantic States,
the centre of the valley of the Mississippi, cut the
centre of all the territory west of the Mississippi,
and strike the Pacific coast both at the central
point of our possessions, and that of the whole
North American coast. Beginning and ending be-
tween these latitudes, and following, with little
variation, the route which the bill proposes fulfills
with rigorous exactitude the essential condition to
every national highway—that of centrality. |
Secondly. It is to be national in its form and j
use, consisting not of a single road adapted to a
single kind of transportation, but of a system of
roads adapted to all kinds of traveling, and of all
kinds of carrying, free from monopoly and private
interests, and free from tolls. It proposes a rail-
road and a common road, to be begun at once, and ,
the common road finished next Summer; with such
other roads, either macadamized, plank, or addi-
tional tracks of railroad; and a margin for lines of
magnetic telegraphs, all running parallel to each
other, and at sufficient distances apart to avoid in- I
terference, and yet near enough together to admit i I
of easy transition from one to the other. This ful- j
fills another requisite of nationality; for a nation |
must contain people of all conditions, rich and
poor; and of all tastes and tempers, and addicted
to all the modes of traveling. Some, to whom time 1
is everything and money nothing, and who demand j
rapidity, without regard to cost. Others, to whom
money is an object, and time a subordinate consid-
] eration, and who want a cheap conveyance, no
! matter how slow. Others, again, who may choose
to carry themselves, going on a horse, or in a vehi-
cle, or on foot. All these will be accommodated,
and without crowding or jostling; a mile wide for
the whole, and an ample track for each, gives room
for all .
Thirdly. Accommodation to the different parts
of a nation is another requisite of nationality.
This projected highway fulfills that condition. It
-accommodates all the populations west of the Mis-
sissippi. Its straight line would accommodate
California and Utah, and the Territories hereafter
to be formed on the Kansas and Arkansas. A
short branch at or near Bent's Fort would lead to
Santa Fe; another branch would lead to the Mor-
mon settlements on the Great Salt Lake, if the
main way dots not pass it; and a branch, still
lower down in the Great Basin, would lead to Ore-
fon. Thus, a straight line, and two or three
ranches, will accommodate all our present popu-
lations west of the Mississippi—California, Ore-
gon, New Mexico, and Utah—and also the valua-
ble Territories which may soon be formed on the
Kansas and Arkansas.
Fourthly. Nationality requires the work to be
done by the National Government, and owned by
it when it is done: and so the bill provides. The
construction and the jurisdiction of the highway
are both to be in the hands of the General Gov-
ernment; and these are the hands in which every
public and national consideration would require
them to be. The means are to come from the pub-
lic resources; and, what amounts to a particular
propriety in this case, they are to come from the
places where the roads are to go: they are to come
from beyond the Mississippi—from beyond the
frontier of Missouri—so as to leave untouched all
the present sources of revenue, now needed for
the payment of tlie principal and interest of the
new national debt. The means proposed in my
bill are; 1. A strip of land from the frontiers of
Missouri to the Bay of San Francisco,one hundred
miles wide and sixteen hundred long, for the main
highway. 2. A strip fifty miles wide and about
two hundred long, from a point on the main road,
on the Upper Arkansas, to Santa Fe, for the New-
Mexican branch. 3. A strip fifty miles wide and
■ about five hundred long from some point on the
main highway in the Great Basin to the mouth of
the Columbia, for the Oregon branch. 4. The
income from the customs and the sales of the pub-
lic lands in California, Oregon, New Mexico, and
Utah, over and above the expenditures in those
places. 5. Loans in anticipation of these resources,
founded upon their hypothecation.
In these strips, a breadth of one mile wide is to
be reserved for the main, leading highway in the
reservation of one hundred miles wide; and one
thousand feet each is to be reserved for the branch
roads in the reservations of fifty miles wide.
These are the resources for constructing this
great national highway—all of them national—all
to be derived from the new countries to which the
highways are to go—and amply sufficient in my
opinion for the speedy accomplishment of the '
work. The lands set apart in the three slips will
be about one hundred and fifty millions of acres,
or the one tenth part of the public lands belonging
to the Federal Government ; in which, after deduct-
ing for the tracts of the highways, dnd ffir dona-
tions to first settlers, and for private claims, and
gold mines, and for that which may be unfit for
sale, it is probable that one third, or fifty millions
of acres, may be made available at the present
minimum price for constructing the roads. That
would be about sixty millions of dollars. The
income from the customs would be considera-
ble and immediate. San Francisco alone will
probably yield $2,000,000 the ensuing fiscal
year; and increase forever. The public lands to
be sold in California and the three Territories,
after all deductions for liberal donations to first
settlers, will still be large, amounting in a few years
to some millions of dollars per annum, The pro-
ceeds of the whole—the reserved' slips, the cus-
tom-house revenue, and the income from the land
sales—will soon be eight or ten millions per an-
num; which, with loans in anticipation of these
avails, will yield enough to have the system of
