1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5?
roads commenced at all points—both ends and the
middle, and all along—at the same time; and with
men enough at work upon every section to finish
the whole in as short a time as any one section of
it could be finished.
These are the leading features of the bill, every
one fulfilling the condition of nationality, and pre-
serving to this highway the exalted, beneficent,
and disinterested character of a public work. No
tolls, or local jurisdictions, or private interests
to debase or injure it: none such should ever be
allowed to degrade the character, impede the use,
or diminish the utility of such a work.
Practicability, and upon the parallels indicated,
is the only question;-and that the concurrent voice
of experienced men enables me to answer. The
men of the mountains—the men who have spent
their fifteen, twenty, or thirty years in the region
of the Rocky Mountains, and in the regions be-
yond—they answer the question, and say that the
loaded wagon can now go upon that route, with a
little assistance at a few points—some axes and
pickaxes—to remove some obstructions. These
men say there is a way for a straight road across
the continent; and they can show it, and mark it
out, and that about as fast as a horse can trot.
There is an idea become current of late—a new-
born idea—that none but a man of jseience, bred
in a school, can lay off a road. That is a mis-
take. There is a class of topographical engineers
older than the schools, and more unerring than the
mathematics. They are the wild animals—buffalo,
elk, deer, antelope, bears, which traverse the for-
est, not by compass, but by an instinct which leads
them always the right way—to the lowest passes
in the mountains, the shallowest fords m the
rivers, the richest pastures in the forests, the
best salt springs, ana the shortest practicable lines
between remote points. They travel thousands of
miles, have their annual migrations backwards and
forwards, and never miss the best and shortest
route. These are the first engineers to lay out a
road in a new country; the Indians follow them,
and hence a buffalo road becomes a war-path. The
first white hunters follow the same trails in pursu-
ing their game; and after that the buffalo road be-
comes the wagon road of the white man, and
finally the macadamized or railroad of the scien-
tific man. It all resolves itself into the same thing—
into the same buffalo road; and thence the buffalo
becomes the first and safest engineer. Thus it has .
been here, in the countries which we inhabit, and |
thehistory of which is so familiar. The present
national road from Cumberland over the Aflegha-
nies was the military road of Genera1 Braddock,
which had been the buffalo path of the wild ani- I
mala. So of the two roads from Western Vir- j
ginia to Kentucky—one through the*gap in the i
Cumberland mountains, the other down the val-
ley of the Kenhawa. They were both the war-
path of the Indians and the traveling route of the
buffalo, and their first white acquaintances the .
early hunters. Buffaloes made them in going from
the salt springs on the Holston to the rich pastures I
and salt springs of Kentucky; Indians followed1
them first, white hunters afterwards—and that is
the way Kentucky was discovered. In more than
an hundred years no nearer or better routes have
been found; and science now makes her improved
roads exactly where the buffalo's foot first marked
the way, and the hunter's foot afterwards followed
him. So all over Kentucky and the West; and so
in the Rocky Mountains. The famous South Pass
was no scientific discovery. Some people think
Fremont discovered it. It had been discolored
forty years before—long before he was born. He j
only described it, and confirmed what the hunters j
and traders had reported, and what they showed
him. It was discovered—or rather first seen by
white people—in 1808, two years after the return
of Lewis and Clark, and by the first company of
hunters and traders that went out after their report
laid open the prospect of the fur trade in the Rocky
Mountains.
An enterprising Spaniard of St." Louis, Manuel
Lisa, sent out the party; an acquaintance, and
old friend of the Senator from Wisconsin, who sits
on my left, [General Hf,\-ry Dodge,] led the party
—his name Andrew Henry. He was the first
white man that saw that pass; and he found it in
the prosecution of his business, that of a hunter
and trader, and by following the game, and the ]
| road which they hod made. And that is the way
! all passes are found. But thsse traders do not
I write books and make maps, butthey enable other
people *o do it. There are plenty of these men in
the Great West at present—men who know every
pass in the mountains, every ford in the rivers,
every spot fit for cultivation, and the best and
shortest way from any one point to another—who j
know every buffalo road and every Indian war |
trail, between the Mississippi and the Pacific !
ocean—and these men can go and mark out a road
from the frontier of Missouri to the Bay of San
Francisco, as fast as a horse can trot. And they j
can cut out a common road passable for wagons
and carriages, with the aid of some axemen and
some pickaxes, in the course of next Summer, and ;
upon the parallels which I have mentioned, with
occasional slight deflections. There is a good
route for the system of roads which should con-
stitute the national central highway from the Mis-
sissippi to the Bay of San Francisco—a good way
and central—a better way than any one not cen-
tral can found in the United States. It is-up the
main branch of the Kansas, along the Upper Ar-
kansas, along the Huerfano river, the Utah Pass,
out at the head of the Del Norte, through Roubi-
doux's Pass, and thence across the valley of the
Upper Colorado, and through the Great Basin,
crossing the Sierra Nevada near its "middle, or
turning it on the south; the whole way nearly
free from obstructions, a great part of it fertile,
with wood and water fit for inhabitation, and
brushing the present settlements of New Mexico
and Utah. I have the map, and the description
• of the country, but cannot use it because the au-
thor is not here. ■ I know what I say, and stake
myself upon it. It will cross the Rocky Moun-
tains between three and four degrees south of the
South Pass, (now a misnomer, so called at the
: time because it was south of Lewis & Clark's
■ route,) and can be traveled earlier in the Spring,
and later in the Fall, on account of grass, and
easier all the Winter. This route, besides ful-
filling all the requisites of a national highway, ful-
fills another condition of high national and treaty j
obligation. It traverses the ground which the pro-
tection and defence of the country requires to be
occupied—to be garrisoned—that country which
lies about the heads of the Arkansas and Del
Norte—the hunting ground and war ground of
1 the Utahs, Arapahees, Navahoes, and other tribes
which make war upon New Mexico and upon us.
I We are bound by treaty stipulations to protect
I Mexico against these Indians, and are bound by
duty to'protect our own people against them. A
line of military posts is necessary through their
| country to give that protection: and this bill pro-
! vides for it as a part of the road system, and also
provides for the settlements which are to support
the posts.
I have demonstrated the nationality of this work
j —its practicability—and the means in our hands
for making it; I do not expatiate upon its import-
' ance. when finished it will be the American
road to Asia, and will turn the Asiatic commerce
of Europe through the heart of our America. It
will make us the mistress of that trade—rich at
home and powerful abroad—and reviving a line of
oriental and almost fabulous cities to stretch across
our continent—Tyres, Sidons, Palmyras, Balbecs.
Do we need any stimulus for the undertaking?
Any other nation, upon half a pretext, would go
to war for the right of making it, and tax unborn
generations for its completion. We have it with-
out war, without tax, without treaty with any
power; and when we make it all nations must
travel it—with our permission—and behave them-
selves to receive permission. Besides riches and
Eower, it will give us a hold upon the good be-
avior of nations by the possession which it will
give us of the short, safe, and cheap road to India.
The work is great, but nothing compared to our
means, and to the magnitude of the object, or to
what was done by the Incas of Peru before the
New World was discovered. Their two roads from
Q,uito to Cuzco (to say nothing of many shorter
ones) were each nearly as long, both over more
difficult ground, equal in amount of labor required,
and more commodious than the proposed system
of roads from the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean.
One of our classic historians (Prescott) thus de-
: scribes them: '
I •' There were man; af these roads traversing different
parte of the kingdom; but the most considerable were the
two which extended from Quito to Cuzco, and, again di-
verging from the capital, continued in a southern direction
towards Chili. One of these roads passed over the grand
plateau, and the other along the lowlands on the borders of
the ocean. The former was much the most difficult
achievement, from the character of the country. It was
conducted over pathless sierras buried in snow; galleries
were cut for leagues through the living rock; rivers were
crossed by means of bridges that swilng suspended in the
air; precipices were scaled by stair ways hewn out of the
native tied; ravines of hideous depth were filled up with
■olid masonry; in short, all the difficulties that beset a wild
and mountainous region, and which might appal the most
courageous engineers of modern times, were encountered
and successfully overcome. The length of the road, of
which scattered fragments only remain, is variously esti-
mated, from fifteen hundred to two thousand miles; and
some pillars, in the manner of European milestones, were
erected at stated intervals of somewhat more than a league,
all along the route. Its breadth scarcely exceeded twenty
feet. It was built of heavy flags of freestone, and, in some
parts at -least, covered with a bituminous cement, which
time has made harder than the stone itself. In some places
where the ravines had been filled up with masonry, the
mountain torrents, wearing it for ages, have gradually eaten
a way through the base, and left the superincumbent mass
—«uch is the cohesion of the materials—still spanning the
valley .like an arch. Over some of the boldest streams it
was necessary to construct suspension bridges, as they are
termed, made of the tough fibres of the maguey, or of the
osier of the country, which has an extraordinary degree of
tenacity and strength. These osiers were woven into ca-
bles of the thickness of a man's body. The huge ropes,
then stretched across the water, were conducted through
rings or holes cut in immense buttresses of stone raised on
the opposite banks of the river, and there secured to heavy
pieces of .timber. Several of these enormous cables, bound
together, formed a bridge, which, covered with planks,
well secured and defend"d by a railing of the same osier
materials on the sides, afforded a safe passage for the trav-
eler."
" The other road of the Incas lay through the level coun-
try between the Andes and the ocean. It was constructed
in a different manner, as demanded by the nature of the
ground, which was for the most part low, and much of it
sandy. The causeway was raised on a high embankment
of earth, and defended on either side by a parapet, or wall
of clay; and trees and odoriferous shrubs were planted
along the margin, regaling the sense of tlio traveler with
their perfumes, and refreshing him by their shades, so grate-
ful under the burning sky of the tropics. All along these
highways, caravanserai's were erected at the distance of ten
or twelve miles for the accommodation of travelers, mili-
tarily constructed for security, and supplied with water
brought in aqueducts when not found at the place. Cou-
riers, in relieves, and running swiftly, carried dispatches the
whole extent of these long routes at the rate of one hundred
and fifty miles a day; and, besides dispatrhes, often carried
fish from the distant ocean, and fruits and game from the
hot regions on the coast, to be served up fresh at the Inca's
table in the imperial capitals."
The Baron Humboldt, " the Nestor of Scientific
Travelers," thus speaks of the remains of the same
roads from his own personal observation:
" As we were leading our heavily-laden mules with great
difficulty through the marshy ground on the elevated plain
del Pullal, our eyes meanwhile were continually dwelling
on the grand remains of the Inca's road, which, with a
breadth of twenty-one English feet, was there remaining
by our side. It had a deep understructure, and was paved
with well cut blocks of blackish trap-porphry. Nothing
that I had seen of the remains of Boman roads in Italy, ill
the South of France, and in gpain, was more imposing
than those works of the ancient Peruvians, which are situ
ated, according to my barometric measurements, 13,353
English feet above the level of the sea—or more than a
thousand feet higher than the summit of the Peak ofTen-
eriffe." There are two great artificial paved roads, or sys-
tems of roads, covered with flat stones, or sometimes even
with cemented gravel; one passes through the wide and
arid plain, between the Pacific ocean and the chain of the
Andes, and the other over the ridges of the Cordilleras.
Milestones, or stones markingthe distances, are often placed
at equal intervals. The road was conducted across rivers
and deep ravines by three kinds of bridges—stone, wood,
and rope bridges; and there were also aqueducts for bring-
ing water to the resting places (caravansaries) and to the
fortresses. Both systems of roads were directed to the cen-
tral point, Cuzco, the seat of government of the great em-
pire, in 13oV31' south latitude, and which is placed, accord-
ing to Pentland's map of Bolivia, 13,378 English feet above
the level of the sea. The two important capitals of the
empire, Cuzco and Quito, thus connected by two different
systems of roads, are 1,000 English geographical miles
apart, in a straight line—(S. S. E. N. N. W.)—without
reckoning the many windings of the way; and, including
the windings, the distance is estimated by Garcilasso de la
Vega and otherconquistadores at 500 leagues."
Such were the roads constructed on our own
continent before the discovery of the New World,
and by a people whom we consider uncivilized,
and who certainly had but few of the helps of civ-
ilization—no knowledge of iron—no mechanical
powers—no beast of burden but a sort of a sheep
—the lama—too light for the draught, and too
weak for the burden—only carrying an hundred
pounds ten miles in a day: and yet a people whq
constructed two such roads, each near about as
long as from Missouri to the Pacific—one at a
mountainous elevation only about a thousand feet
