1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
Tiduals who are stockholders and men of straw to
escape liability. But is it a liability which ought
to be imposM upon a company at all ? When a
man enters into a joint stock company he generally
adventures as much as he thinks proper, as much
as he can spare. If he subscribes one thousand ;
dollars, it is probably as much as he can afford to
risk. Well, if there is a fir$ which sweeps away
the whole property of the company, some ex- ,
traordinary misfortune which prostrates the com- i
pany, is it not enough that they should lose the ,
whole amount of their investment ? I think that j
is loss enough, and why should they be subjected !
,to any further liability? If they are, they will
escape this liability in some form or other. But I
would suggest whether it is not better to reject the
amendment of the House entirely than to adopt
the amendment to the amendment ? The amend-
ment with its amendment must be wholly fal-
lacious.
Mr. BORLAND. Before this question shall be
disposed of, I desire to state the reason which will
control my vote upon it. As part of my political
creed, I am, upon principle, opposed to moneyed
corporations, however closely they may be re-
stricted, especially when it is proposed to establish
them by Federal legislation. More particularly
am I opposed, for reasons even beyond though
corroborative of that principle, to legislate addi-
tional advantages to persons who may choose to
invest their funds in corporations, over and above
the very great advantages they derive from the as-
sociation of capital, and the use of it in a concen-
trated form. I hold it to be politically wrong to
discriminate, by legislation, between any of the
interests of society, so as to give one individual,
or one set of individuals, advantages over others;
and I hold it to be equally wrong in morals to
do anything, by legislation or otherwise, to " im-
pair the obligation of contracts," or in any way re-
lieve an individual from the full force of any of the
obligations he may voluntarily have taken upon
himself. These are the principles, political and
moral, which I hold. They are those which will
govern my votes upon all questions which involve
them.
And, as a practical question, I would ask,
wherein is the difference between a number of in-
dividuals associated for the purpose of using a
moneyed capital in a concentrated form, and any (
single individual in the community who may
choose to invest his funds in the same branch of
business, or in any industrial pursuit ? I ask
wherein is the difference between them, which
should entitle the one to facilities and advantages j
at the hands of the Government (tfhich is, by our !
theory, equally the agent and servant of each) j
which are not granted to the other ? TTie answer
to this question would, in its full extent, exhibit .
the true character of our Government in its rela- 1
tions to the citizen, and extinguish the last flick-
ering gleam of legislative discriminations—of
" class legislation." I deem it sufficient, for this
occasion, merely to allude to it to remind this body
of the true principles involved, even in a question
so small as the one now before us. I will add to
this allusion, however, the expression of my own :
opinion, for what it may be worth, that while I am
opposed—utterly and uncompromisingly opposed
—to all such discriminations, on the one side or the
other, it would be much more conformable to prin-
ciples of equity, and far more in the spirit of hu-
manity, to lean to the side of the single individual
against the association. I
To illustrate my view of this matter I will state
two cases, and compare them. Holding all citi-
zens to be equal, and all industrial pursuits in
which they may think proper to engage or invest
their moneyed capital to be equally entitled to the
protection of the Government, I will suppose an
individual citizen owning acash capital of $50,000;
one half, or $25,000, he lends out at interest, upon
good security, so conditioned that he can call it in
and make use of it at any .time he may desire; the
other half, or $25,000, he invests in a farm, and
all necessary fixtures, implements, &c., for agri-
cultural pursuits. After a short experience he
finds that, either from unpropitious seasons, bad
management, or some equally potent cause, the
proceeds of his farm do not meet its current ex-
penses, and yet, in order to keep it up, he, instead
of calling in the other half of his fortune, leaves
that still at interest, and himself borrows money
to expend in keeping up his firm. A further ex-
perience shows the proceeds of the farm still fur-
ther in arrear of its expenses—in a word, that the
experiment has been a failure, and to such an ex-
tent that the farm itself, and everything upon it,
when sold in the market, falls short, by many
thousand dollars, of paying the debt for money j
borrowed to keep it up. What would be the con-
dition of this individual citizen, under the law and
in morals, in relation to his creditor? Because
the farm and everything upon it had been sold,
and the full amount of money it had realized in |
the market had been appropriated to the payment I
of this debt, would he be released from his moral
obligation to pay the balance which he still owed
of the borrowed money? Would the law exempt
him from that obligation, or protect the other half
of his fortune, the cash capital of $25,000 he had
lent out at interest, from the just claim of his cred-
itor? Certainly not. He would be responsible
for the whole debt, and the law would take of any
portion of the means remaining in his possession !
enough to satisfy it. 1
The other case I suppose is this: Ten individ-
uals, each owning a cash capital of $20,000, asso-
ciate themselves together, contribute to a common
fund $10,000 each, making up a joint fund of
$100,000. This joint fvind the association invest
(like the individual I have before mentioned) in a
farm, necessary fixtures, implements, &c., for ag-
gricultural pursuits; the remaining $10,000, or half
the fortune of each of these associated individuals,
he reserves to himself, and lends it at interest upon
good security. *The farming operations go on for
this association, as in the case of the individual
citizen I have instanced, and with the same result.
A debt has been contracted to keep up the farm—
the experiment proves a failure; the farm and
everything upon it, when sold in the market, falls j
short of paying the debt! What is the conse-
quence to the association and the individuals com-
posing it? Are they absolved from the responsi-
bility to pay this debt? Does the law exempt
the remaining $10,000 which each yet owns in
cash and has at interest? Certainly not. As
in the case of the individual citizen, all the re-
maining property of each individual of the asso- |
ciation is liable, and the law appropriates as much i
of it as may be sufficient for the payment of the ;
debt. And why is this so ? Upon the well-es- !
tablished and sound rule of law and morals, that j
in whatever pursuit a person shall engage, the
successful result of which is to be his profit, he is
bound to the full extent of hiameans and ability to
protect all other persons against the loss which
may result from its failure.
But if these principles and rules apply to an in-
dividual, or an association in the pursuit of agri-
culture, why should they not equally apply to in-
dividuals and associations in every other pursuit ?
For myself, I confess that I am unable to conceive
of any sound and sufficient reason for exception
or discrimination, and utterly unable to appreciate
the validity of the many arguments I have heard
attempted in favor of their introduction.
In the particular case before us, (and I speak
not of it as a particular association, or as com-
posed of particular individuals, for I know nothing
of it except what the bill discloses,) this excep-
tion, this discrimination, is proposed in favor of a
fire insurance company. What particular claims
has such an association, over any other of the kind,
or indeed over any individual citizen that may
choose to invest capital in any other branch of
business? Under what "higher law" does this
particular pursuit, of making a profit upon capital
by insuring houses against fire, ask for exemption
from the liabilities and obligations which the law
and good morals impose upon the property and
business of all the other citizens of the same com-
munity ? I have no prejudice against companies
for insurance against fire, nor against any other
kind of companies or persons who follow an hon-
est and useful pursuit. But it may not be im-
proper to call attention to the fact, that of all the
forms of associated capital in our country, that
which is wielded under the name of " fire insu-
rance companies" is held to be the most profitable
to its owners—to return by far the largest dividends.
If the publications of these companies themselves
are to be believed, (and if not they are criminal in
making diem,) their profits range from fifteen to
thirty per cent, per annum. IS there any other
business, whether conducted by individuals or by
associations, which pays so well as this ? And if
none, why do the associations for carrying it on
ask or even desire protection, or claim exemption
at the hands of Government against those losses,
and from those liabilities and obligations, which
sometimes result from unpropitious turns in busi-
ness, and oftenerfrom bad management, but which
sound laws and good morals impose upon every
other person in the community ? Through the
whole range of the business pursuits of our coun-
1 try I much question whether the annual profits
upon investment average five per centum. Indeed
I do not believe they are so high as that. In many
parts of the country I am very sure they do not ex-
ceed Ihree percentum. Andyetthese pursuits,the
most importont ones too, indeed the vital ones,
neither ask nor receive any protection against loss,
or exemption from responsibility, in the manage-
ment of their business. I repeat the question
then, What higher claim have such companies as
these upon our favor—under what " higher law"
do they demand that we shall, by discriminating
laws, elevate them so much above other members
of the same community, and fill so full the pe-
cuniary measure of their profits? Until these
questions shall be answered to my satisfaction,
(an achievement I cannot anticipate,) I must, from
a sense of high moral and political duty, and as a
measure of sound legislative discretion, oppose
what I cannot otherwise regard than as a most ex-
travagant prehension and unreasonable demand. I
shall vote for the amendment of the House, which
insures individual liability.
Mr. MASON. To make the meaning of the
amendment definite, according to the suggestion
of the Senator from New York and others, I ask
to modify the amendment by inserting the words,
" they shall be liable to the amount of capital
'held by them respectively, provided that such
' liability shall be confined to the stockholders who
' were such at the time when the debts were con-
' tracted." I would suggest to Senators that those
who do not approve this amendment can attain
their ends by voting for the amendment, and then
by voting against the amendment as amended.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
j Mr. CLEMENS. Does the question now re-
cur on the amendment as made by the House?
I The PRESIDENT. It does.
' Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to record my vote
on that question, and ask that it may be taken by
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to insert after
the words "debts contracted," the words "and
j liabilities incurred," so that it will read " debts
{ contracted and liabilities incurred."
1 Mr. MASON. I am against the whole princi-
ple of devolving individual liability at all upon the
stockholders. The House proposed to devolve
no liability upon them except that of •debts. A
policy of insurance is not a debt, I presume; and
, I see no reason why the provision of the House
should be extended beyond that which the House
itself intended. If the company incurs debts be-
yond its means of payment, this liability will ex-
ist, but I can see no reason for extending it fur-
ther.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and on a division being taken
there were—ayes 22, noes 12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now hope the amend-
ment will be adopted. Several Senators say they
are opposed to it entirely. I wish to suggest to
the Senate a reason or two why I think it should
be adopted. This corporation has property to the
amount of a million of dollars, perhaps, and in-
sures property to the amount of a million of dol-
lars, and the whole amount of property, thus in-
sured is burnt up, and the whole property is lost.
I wish to ask now if that will prevent the company
from going on and taking further risks to the ex-
tent of another million? Will they stop, or will
they go on ? If they go on and insure another
million, and the stock is all lost by the first fire,
where will those who are subsequently insured get
] any pay ? It does seem to me proper that some-
