64
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
take the stock. There are never a large number j
of stockholders. This principle excludes small
stockholders, all those wno have nothing to spare
except the little amount they .invest. No one
■wishing to invest for an orphan, or for a widow,
in trust, will talffe a dollar of stock in an institu-
tion of anv kind burdened with such risk. Those
joint stock companies that are burdened with this
kind of risk are for the benefit of a few wealthy
capitalists; and men of ordinary property, that
class of individuals to whom I have referred, are
absolutely excluded. They do not partake of it.
But the capitalist will not touch the stock of a fire
insurance company when there is such a prospect
of his whole property being swept away. No
man would run the risk of losing his whole prop-
erty, and of dying and leaving nothing to his wife
and children. Then the effect of this amendment
is to deny to these individuals the benefit which
they would otherwise derive from their investment.
People will insure their own property, and if
this insurance company is swept away they will
seek others. If thev cannot find them in their
own District they will find them in Virginia, in
Maryland, in Connecticut, in New York, in Mas-
sachusetts; they will find them somewhere, and '
they will be insured. And the insertion of the
amendment will have the effect of compelling them
to resort to what are to them foreign corporations,
to indemnify them against loss by fire. I shall
therefore vote against the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment as
amended, by yeas and nays, it resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Bradbury,
C*«, Chase. Clemens, Davis of Mi*«issippiu Dodge of
Wi«enn in, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Fetch, Foote, Ham-
lin, Hun'er, Jon's. Kim, Norri«, Phields, Stnrgeon, Tur-
ney. Underwood, Walker, and Wbitcomb—34.
NAY?—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Butler,
Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Ewing, Mangum,
Mason, Miller, Morton, Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Smith,
Spnianee, Upham, Wales, and Winthrop—30.
So the amendment of the House, as amended,
was concurred in.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. Piist&Eirr: The Hovse of Representatives bave
passed a bill to change the time of holding the district court
of the United States for the eastern district of Tennessee,
in which they request the concurrence of the Senate.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Millabd P. Fillmore, Esq., I
his Private Secretary, concerning the Texas j
boundary. [For the message, see House pro- ■
seeding* of this day.}
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the message be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. That motion goes .to the
Committee on Printing under the rule.
Mr. BORLAND. I was under the impression,
especially from the action of the Senate at the last
session, that such Was not held to be the rule. I
mav be mistaken, but such was my impression.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair supposes that,
■trictly speaking, the message may be ordered to
be printed without the motion to print being re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing. The rule
states that " every question on the printing of
documents, reports, or other matter transmitted
by either of the Executive Departments," shall be
referred to the Committee on Printing. It is for
the Senate to say whether a message from the
President comes under the rule.
Mr. MANGUM. I am sure that the rule must
have been modified. I drew up the rule originally,
and it contained two exceptions. Reoorts of
committees were excepted from its operation. So
were reports from the chief Executive Depart-
ments.
The PRESIDENT. There is no such excep-
tion in the rule.
Mr. BERRIEN called for the reading of the
rule; and it was read, as follows:
" A Committee on Printing, to consist of three mem-
bers, to whom shall be referred every question on the
printing of document*, reports, or other matter transmitted
by eitli<ir of the Executive Departments, and all memorials,
petitions, accompanying documents, together with all
other matter the printing of which shall be moved, except-
ing bitl  originating in Congress, resolutions offered by any
Senator, communications from the Legislatures of the re-
spective States, and motions to print by order of the stand-
ing committees of the Senate ; and it shall be the duty of
such Committee on Printing to report in every case in one
day, or sooner if practicable/' j
Mr. BERRIEN. I apprehend that the expres-
sion " transmitted by either of the Executive De-
partments," relates to communications transmitted
bv the executive officers subordinate to the Presi-
dent, and not those transmitted by the President
himself.. It would be very singular, and would
involve us in very strange controversies, if a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, the
annual message, or any other, should be referred
to the Committee on Printing, for the purpose of
deciding whether it should be printed or not. I !
take it that the rule does not require that messages
from the President of the United States should be
referred to the Committee on Printing. I under-
stand, however, that, in the opinion of the Chair,
this message can be ordered to be printed without
being referred to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that construction has heretofore been
put upon the rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe it is a uniform rule
with the Committee on Printing to recommend the
printing of a communication from any Depart-
ment, whenever its printing is desired. It is also
a rule with them to recommend the printing of the
ordinary number of-any document coming from
those Departments or from the Executive. My
impression is, that the practice, under the rule,
has uniformly been to refer even messages from
the President to the Committee on Printing. I
think the language of the rule is very clear. It is
true, it does not mention directly that documents
coming from the President of the United States
shall be referred to the committee. It designates
documents coming from the Executive Depart-
ments, and then savs " all other matter the print-
ing of which shall be moved." This must neces-
sarily include messages from the President. But,
inasmuch as the committee would be sure to re-
Eort in favor of the printing of this message, I
ope the Senate will at this time consider the mo-
tion to print. I apprehend there will be no objec-
tion to putting the question of the printing now.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from Maine is
entirely mistaken in supposing that the rule re-
quires that messages from the President of the
United States should be referred to the Committee
on Printing. I imagine this has not been done
in a single instance since the rule was adopted. ,
The matter is only referred when the printing of
an extra number of copies is moved. Then the
question as to the number to be printed goes to the
Committee on Printing. The practice has been,
| I think, to put the question upon printing the
usual number of copies of messages of the Presi-
dent of the United States, without its being re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
| The PRESIDENT. The Chair would state
that the rule has not been strictly enforced with re-
gard to communications from the President of the
United States. His messages have generally been
received and ordered to be printed, without being
referred to the Committee on Printing. If it be
1 the understanding of the Senate that that should
be the rule with regard to the printing of mes-
! sages from the President, that course will now be
I pursued. The practice has varied, however, in
several cases.
The motion to print the message for the use of
the Senate was then agreed to.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
i body the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and the motion to
print was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MANGUM. I would remark that it is
very desirable that an extra number of copies of
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
should be printed for tile use of the Department.
Many applications are made for it, and it has to
be distributed to the different bureaus. There has
sometimes been a neglect to print any extra num-
bers of it for the Department; but there should be
five hundred or a thousand copies printed for its
use. I therefore move that twenty thousand extra
comes of this report be printed.
( . The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
that motion until the Committee on Printing re-
port on printing the document.
Mr. MANGUM. Then I would mention that
I believe it has been usual to print twenty thou-
sand extra copies of this report. 1 hope the com-
mittee will decide in favor of printing that number
of copies, out of which some should be reserved
for the use of the Department.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business t
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 17, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Secre-
t tary of the Treasury on the state of the finances.
I Mr. BAYLY moved that this report be referred
to the Committeeof Ways and Means and printed;
and also that the usual number of extra copies
(ten thousand) be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. VINTON said that he had been informed
. that the Treasury Department desired copies of the
, report for distribution, and he therefore moved
1 that one thousand extra numbers be printed for
the use of that Department.
Mr. JONES hoped that if the Treasury Depart-
ment wanted extra copies of this document, while
it was in type they would contract for the printing
of it themselves, and pay for it out of their own
contingent fund, and not burden the contingent
fund of the House with printing for the Treasury
Department. He hopea the House would not
agree to the amendment of the gentleman from
( Ohio.
[ Mr. VINTON did not know whether the De-
partment had the right to order the printing of this
document. It was just as long as broad; the
, money came out of the Treasury, whether paid
■ for in one way or the other.
Mr. VENABLE inquired whether the printing
of this report would be furnished at this or the
next Congress? [Laughter.]
The amendment of Mr. Vinton was then
adopted, and the motion, as amended, agreed to.
OBITUARY.
! Mr. MORSE then rose and addressed the House
I as follows:
Mr. Spkakkr: Since the termination of the last
session (but a few weeks since) death has been
busy with the members of this body; and it be-
comes my duty to announce formally to this
House, what is known to all—that my late friend
and colleague, John H. Harmanson, is now no
more.
Our acquaintance, which commenced with the
29th Congress, soon ripened into friendship, con-
tinued without, interruption, and terminated with
his death in the city of New Orleans in October
last. Thither, accompanied by his wife, he re-
paired, in the vain hope that the kind attentions
• and medical skill of his friend and relative, Dr.
Davezac, might arrest the disease which had de-
prived his constituents of his valuable services du-
ring most of the last protracted session of Congress.
Mr. Harmanson was born in 1803, in the bor-
| ough of Norfolk, in the State of Virginia. His
father removed with his family, while John was
but eleven years of age, to the parish of Rapides,
in the State of Louisiana. His death, a few years
after, threw upon his son at an early age the cares
and responsibilities of a family, and his affection
and devotion to their welfare is often spoken of by
those who knew him at the time. Subsequently
he removed to the parish of Ouachita, where he
read law for a time with his early friend, General
Downs, (now one of the Senators from Louisiana;)
but it is believed he renounced the profession partly
from a disrelish, but more from a love of an active
life and the labor of a planter, to which he was
accustomed, and which was more congenial to his
industrious and energetic habits.
He located himself in the parish of Avoyelles,
where he followed diligently and successfully the
happy life of a cotton planter. His sterling integ-
rity and great information upon all political sub-
jects soon attracted the attention of his fellow-citi-
