66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
Government of the United States in regard to said Terri-
tory, (of California,) in refusing to provide territorial gov-
ernment therefor, has been and is eminently calculated to
promote, and is about to effect indirectly, the cherished ol>- j
ject oi the Abolitionists, which cannot be accomplished by
direct legislation, without a plain and palpable violation of
the Constitution of the United States.
" Resolved, That the admission of California into the
Union as <*i sovereign State with its present constitution,
the result of the aforesaid false and unjust policy on the
part of the Government of the United States, would be an
act of fraud and oppression 011 the rights of the people of
the slaveholding States, and it is the sense of this Legisla-
ture that our Senators arid Representatives should, to the ex-
tent of their ability, resist it by all honorable and constitu-
tional means."
And whereas the Hon. Jefferson Davis, one of the
Senators, and the Hons. A. G. Brown, William McWil-
lie, W. S. Featiierston, and Jacob Thompson, mem-
bers in Congress from this State, in accordance with said
resolutions, and with the interest and will of the people of
Mississippi, did, by their action in Congress, resist by all
honorablelinri constitutional means the admission of Cali-
fornia, with her existing constitution, into the Union as a
sovereign State: and whereas the Hon. Henry S. Foote,
one of the Senators in Congress from this State, in violation
of the spirit and intent of said resolutions, and in opposi-
tion to the interest and will of the people of Mississippi,
did not resist, by all honorable and constitutional means*
the admission of California into the Union as a sovereign
State with her existing constitution, but by giving his sup-
port to the miscalled compromise, reported by the Commit-
tee of Thirteen in the United States Senate,violated the
instructions of the Legislature as contained in said resolu-
tions, based upon his own request, and disregarded the in-
terest and will of the people of Mississippi: therefore,
Resolvedly the Legislature of the State of Mississippiy
That the course of the Hon. Jefferson Davis, as Sena-
tor, the Hons. A. G. Brown, Wm. McWillie, W. S.
Featherston, and Jacob Thompson, as Representatives
in Congress from this State, on the question of the admis-
sion of California, is approved, as representing the interest
and will of the people of Mississippi; that the course of the
Hon. Henry S. Foote, on this question is not approved,
being, in the judgment of the Legislature, opposed to the
interest and will of the people of Mississippi.
Beit further resolved, That the course of the Hon. Jef-
ferson Davis, as Senator, and Hons. A. G. Brown, Wm.
McWillie, W. S. Featherston, and Jacob Thompson,
as Representatives in Congress from this State, in their
firm and consistent support, and able advocacy of the rights
and honor of Mississippi and the South, in all the questions
before Congress at its late session involved in the slave con-
troversy, is approved; that the course of the Hon. Henry
S. Foote on all these questions is not approved; and this 1
Legislature does not consider the interests of the State of j
Mississippi committed to his charge safe in his keeping. I
JOHN J. McREA,
Speaker of the House of Representatives. *
JOHN J. GUION, j
President of the Senate. „
Approved, November 30,1850.
J. A. QUITMAN.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the following as an amendment to
the rules of the Senate:
"No amendment shall be received to any general appro-
priation bill unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution previously
passed by thkSenate during that session, or in pursuance
of an estimate from the head of some of the Department*;
and no amendment shall be received whose object is to
provide for a private claim, although the same may have
been previously sanctioned by the Senate."
The proposed amendment lies over for consider- 1
ation.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. [
Mr.BALDWIN,fromtheCommitteeofClaims, i
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives No. 59, being the bill for the relief
of Solomon T. Nicoll and James Clinch, of the !
city of New York, reported back the same with-
out amendment, and recommended its passage. j
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print- i
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the Finances, reported in favor of printing the
same; which was concurred in.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That ten thousand additional copies be printed j
for tile use of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of Au- '
gustus Steele, asking payment of his salary and
expenses incurred for the hire of boat hands while ,
inspector of the customs at St. Marks, asked to be :
discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to tf'hich was referred Sen-
ate bill No. 366, to indemnify the State of South
Carolina for money expended for the United States
in the war in Florida with the Seminole Indians,
reported it back without amendment.
He stated that this was a case in which the
amount lost by the volunteers of South Carolina i
had been paid by the State, their accounts having j
been audited by the State authorities. A bill has
been passed to indemnify the various States for 1
the expenditures incurred by them during the
Mexican war; but, as that applies only to expend-
itures made during the Mexican war, it becomes
necessary to provide for this case by a special act. !
Mr. DAVIS also, from the same committee, !
to which was referred Senate bill No. 368, to au-
thorize the President of the United States to se-
lect and procure- a site for the Western armory,
and to commence the building thereof, reported
back the same with amendments.
The amendments were merely verbal in their
character, consisting of inserting the word " of,"
and substituting the words " as sooh as practica-
ble, "for that of immediately.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. Fillmore, his Private
Secretary, transmitting a report of the Secretary
of State, with accompanying documents, relating
to the African slave trade, made in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 28th August last,
calling for a copy of a dispatch to the Secretary
of State, dated January 8th, 1850, from Mr. Tod,
at the Court of Brazil, and of the letter of Mr.
Parks, late Consul at Rio Janeiro, with such other
dispatches from said Envoy as relate to the sub-
ject of the slave trade; which was read, and the
motion to print referred to the Committee on
Printing.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by M. P. Fillmore, Esq., his
Private Secretary, transmitting a letter from the
Secretary of War, communicating a report of a
board of officers relative to the expediency and
necessity of creating additional grades of commis-
sioned officers in the army, and of enacting pro-
visions authorizing officers of the army to exercise
civil functions in emergencies to be enumerated,
and restraining them from usurping the powers of
civil functionaries, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate passed the 30th of September last.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill granting to the
State of Missouri a right of way and a portion of
the public land, for the purpose of aiding in ma-
king a railroad from St. Louis to the western limits
of said State.
Mr. PRATT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to increase the salary of
the judge of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia.
TENNESSEE AND GEORGIA RAILROAD.
Mr. TURNEY, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad
Company; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
change the time of holding the district court of the
United Statesfor the eastern district of Tennessee,
was read a first and second time by its title, and
On motion by Mr. TURNEY, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE IN SPANISH.
The resolution offered by Mr. Gwiv, in the
words follovyng^was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State cause the Presi-
dent's message at the opening of the present session to be
translated into the Spanish language, and that two thousand
copies of the said translation, with the original, be printed
for-the use of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that resolution will be
adopted. A large portion of my constituents do
not speak the English language, and I know that
it will have a favorable effect upon them to give
them this document in their own language. There
is also a large population in New Mexico who
likewise speak but the Spanish language, and to
whom it is desirable to send the President's mes-
sage in their own topgue. There is a great dif-
ference between printing such a document for the
inhabitants of California and New Mexico, and
the printing it for those emigrants who have come
to our shores, who ought lo be prepared to read
these documents in the language of the country
to which they have come. In this case it is both
proper and desirable that this resolution should
be adopted.
Mr. BRADBURY. I dislike to oppose the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Cali-
I fornia, but I believe this would be introducing a
new practice and a dangerous one. If we be^in
by translating into one language we shall be called
! upon to translate into every language which is
spoken by the different inhabitants of our Repub-
; lie. I hope, therefore, we shall not begin this
! practice. I say this, although I should be ex-
ceedingly pleased to gratify the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the resolution offered
by the Senator from California will be adopted. I
do not see that it is liable to the objection made by
the Senator from Maine. It is not the commence-
ment of a system of translating the President's
message into every language spoken by the various
citizens of the United States. This is a case of a
peculiar character and description. It is not pro-
posed to translate the message into Spanish for the
accommodation of individual Spaniards or Mexi-
cans who may have migrated to and settled in the
United States. That is not the object. That is not
the principle upon which this translation is asked.
The case is one of a totally different description.
It is not a precedent that can be used for a bad pur-
i pose. It is not a precedent that in all future cases
can be called up and repeated. I hope I may say
the case is one that will never occur in our annals
again. The case is this: We have acquired by
conquest and by quasi treaty stipulations, partly
by the sword and partly by contract, a large do-
main of country, inhabited by persons speaking
the Spanish language. We have brought them
into the Union, and I think that, under such cir-
cumstances, it is wise and just and reasonable to
present them this document in their own language.
Where is the injury? There can be no case like
this that can call for the printing of the President's
message in any other language. There is no class
of population not speaking the English language
that stands in the same relation to us, or who
were brought into the Union under similarturcum-
stances. I think it is but reasonable and fair that
this small boon should be conceded to them, that
they should have an opportunity of perusing the
President's annual message in their own tongue.
Besides, the printing of these two thousand copies
will not be attended with very great expense.
The precedent is not a dangerous one. A like
case cannot occur without a new acquisition of
territory, and it is to be hoped that no such ac-
quisition will ever take place. But if it should, it
is very obvious that we cannot be called upon to
repeat similar proceedings very often. I hope,
therefore, that my friend from Maine will with-
| draw his objection, and will permit the resolution
; to pass.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I think it
safer to abide by the settled practice of the Gov-
ernment. Upon the acquisition of Louisiana the
same reason existed for the translation of the Presi-
dent's message into the French language that now
exists for its translation into Spanish. And still,
! if I am correct in my recollection, nothing of the
kind was then done. Upon the acquisition of
Florida a similar application might have been
made, btit was not. 1 apprehend there would be
no manner of difficulty arising if we abide by the
settled usq^e of the Government. It will be easy
i for the presses using that language to make the in-
habitants who have not acquired the English ac-
quainted with the messaga. But I think it is de-
sirable that we should furnish every inducement
possible to the citizens of the United States to
speak one common language. I therefore do not
feel at liberty to withdraw my objection to the
passage of tliis resolution.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I am really much
mortified that any opposition has been presented
to this resolution. I thought we had determined
to do all we could speedily to Americanize those
persons, lately citizens of Mexico, who have now
resolved to become citizens of the United States.
I thought we were all disposed to supply, in the
most liberal manner, facilities to those people to
acquire a knowledge of our institutions and the
modtu operandi of our Government, and to acquit
themselves honorably in all respects, as doubtless
they are ambitious of doing, m the discharge of
their duties as American citizens. I shall vote for
