69
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
Dec. 17,
and the accompanying documents in their own I
language; and, so far as they are concerned, it
Mrms 10 me quite as much a duty to print docu-
ments in their language as to print them in the
language of those who have become our fellow-
cmzens.aml who are of Spanish extraction. I do
not think any particular rule can be applied to this
class of cases. The best rule is, perhaps, to de-
cide each case upon its particular merits, and if
there be in the country a sufficient number of our
fellow-citizens who would be benefited and grati-
fied by the publication of the message of the Pres-
ident and tne accompanying documents in their J
own language, I would confer upon them that ben-
efit and offer to them that gratification. I believe
the number of Norwegians referred to, though
there is a very respectable and flourishing colony
existing in Wisconsin, is very small; and I think
the propriety of printing the President's message
and accompanying documents for so small a num-
ber is rather questionable. I am therefore of the
opinion that it is better, even if we print these
documents in the Spanish and German languages,
not to print them in the Norwegian; and I ask to
have the question divided and taken on printing in
the Spanish and German only.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio propose to amend the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin by striking out the words
*• and a like number in the Norwegian language J"
Mr. CHASE. That is my motion.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I believe we have this
claim of the people of California for these docu-
ments put on the ground that their case is a new
one; and that there has never been one that was
analogous to it. I think the condition of the peo-
ple of Louisiana was clearly analogous to that of
the people of California; and if the Representatives
of the people of Louisiana or Florida will show
that there is in those States a sufficient number of
persons who require it, I am willing that the mea-
-sage should be printed for them. But I believe
the message has never been printed in any other
than the English language.
Mr. GWIN. When Louisiana was admitted
into the Union the newspapers printed in Louisiana
were printed in the French language; but there is
no paper in California in the Spanish language.
In Louisiana the President's message and the ac-
companying documents were communicated to the
people through their papers; and if we had papers
in the Spanish language, I should not propose to
have these documents printed in any other form, j |
Mr. DODGE. I have the greatest sympathy j!
for the people in California, which I will manifest !
in my votes. It was not by their own choice that
thev became part and parcel of our Government; i
but I take it that the Legislature of California has
provided for publishing a sufficient number of the
statutes which are to govern their people in their
own language. If we print the President's mes-
sage for them, it will be simply as a compliment
to them, and a compliment that we should be
willing to pay if we had been in the habit of doing
so in similar cases; but we have not done so in
the case of any other people. I understand from
the Delegate from Oregon, that he has a large
number of French people among his constituents, ,
and that he would be gratified to have these docu-
ments printed in French for their benefit.
Mr. GWIN. I would like to know how many
rotes were given in Oregon at the time the Dele-
gate was elected. I think the population of the
country was very small indeed when that Dele-
gate was elected. In California the Spanish pop-
ulation is very large.
Mr. DODGE, There is no doubt that the num-
ber of those who are familiar with the Spanish lan-
guage in California is much greater than the num- ,,
ber of those who ape familiar with the French lan-
guage in Oregon. But I think we should make
very little if any distinction between persons who
come into the country as immigrants, and those
who are acquired with the territory ceded to us.
If we are to give a compliment to any portion of
our citizens, I would sis soon give it to our Ger-
man and French population, who have left their
homes and. traveled so far and at so great an ex-
pense in order to become a part and parcel of our
people. It is not so with the people of California.
We do not know that any portion of them were j
willing to become a part of our people. I have
no doubt they are good, worthy persons; and I I
should be as willing to compliment them as if they |
were my own constituents; but if the resolution
be adopted, I would like to have the privilege of
sending these documents among the German'pop-
ulation composing my constituents. I cannot,
however, vote for the precedent.
Mr. FOOTE. I can see no objection to print-
ing these documents in the German language,
though the Germans may have the means of print-
ing them for themselves. But I do not see that
the case applies to the Norwegians. I doubt ex-
ceedingly whether we could get any person here
to translate accurately in that language. It would
be a task of great difficulty, and that constitutes a
serious impediment to printing in the manner pro-
posed in the resolution. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Dodge] has alluded to the case of Louisiana.
I am not prepared to state what is the history of
that matter. I feel certain of one thing, however,
that the President's message was not printed, and
some local laws of Congress affecting the interests
of that country at the time were not made known
to the people by Congress in their own language.
A former Congress did not do its duty to that peo-
ple; but I am not willing to fore™ our duties now
because a former Congress neglected to perform
theirs. I feel anxious to be understood on another
point. It is not as a compliment that I wish to do
that which is proposed in this resolution. As a
mere compliment it is unmeaning. I believe it is
important to enable the people of that country to
understand the condition of things here. I be-
lieve it will give them facilities for speedily be-
coming good American citizens; and on that
ground, and no other, I shall vote for the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DAYTON. This question has been dis-
cussed, I think, at nearly every session of Congress
for many years, and I believe that uniformly that
discussion has resulted in one conclusion, which
was, toprint English documents and English laws
in the English language. There are reasons, cer-
tainly, why those who come here from foreign
countries, ignorant of our language, should have
these documents in a language with which they
are familiar. It is desirable that all this popula-
tion should be fused, run into one homogeneous
mass with our people as rapidly as we, by legis-
lation, can bring it about. We have but one le-
gislative language. If we "print our Executive doc-
uments in a foreign tongue" why should we not
print all our laws in a foreign tongue? Every
reason which would induce us to furnish these
documents in the Spanish, French, and German,
or any other foreign tongue, would certainly in-
duce us much more strongly to print the laws
which spring out of these Executive recommend-
ations in these tongues. And yet we have uni-
formly acted on one principle—that of printing
our public laws and documents in our vernacular
tongue, and in that one alone. I do not think it
wise to depart from that principle in this case. If
we do depart fro'rfi It, at all events we should not
print these two thousand documents for the use
of the Senate at large. Of what avail would any
number of them be to me, or any other persons
on the Atlantic shore? They should be printed,
if printed at all, for the benefit of those Senators
who come from California, or that part of the
country where the Spanish language is used.
We cannot circulate these documents if the reso-
lution be passed. I think it is wise and desirable
that we should continue the same course that we
have taken heretofore, and print our documents
as we print our laws—in one language, and that
our vernacular tongue.
Mr. BADGER. I agree in the general propo-
sition which the Senator from New Jersey has laid
down. Undoubtedly it is for the interest of the
Government that we should pursue such a course
in our legislation as to "fuse," according to the
expression of the Senator from New Jersey, the
foreign population which comes among us with our
own people as speedily as we may. But that does
not affect this question. In what relation do the
people of California stand to us? We made them
American citizens almost against their consent.
We acquired the territory by cession, and the
Senate refused to amend the treaty so as to acquire,
as a preliminary to the accomplishment of the ces-
sion , the assent of the governments or States of Mex-
ico which were to be ceded to us. V& gave the
Mexicans living on the ceded territory one of two
alternatives—either to lose by banishment their
homes and their country, or to retain that home
I and that country upon the condition of becoming
American citizens. Now, the Senator from Cali-
fornia informs us that in that State the Spanish
population is separated from the American. They
do not live together, and they are kept from any
communication with the American people. They
have not any newspapers printed in tne Spanish
language in California. They are shut out from
all the ordinary benefits which those who can read
these public documents can attain. Then, I take
it, this case is peculiar; it is unlike anything that
has occurred m our past history. The case of
Louisiana has been referred to. That was, how-
ever, a totally different Case. The honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa is entirely mistaken if he_supposes
there is any resemblance. Were the "people of
Louisiana without the means of reading the mes-
sages of the President in French? Certainly not.
There was no need of any translation on the part
of Congress. The message was immediately trans-
lated into the French, and printed in the newspa-
pers of the country. Every facility possessed by
other citizens they had the means of enjoying.
This is a totally different case. I agree with
the Senator from New Jersey that it is desirable
to have these people learn the language of our
common country, if they remain citizens of it.
If they choose to continue in an isolated state, and
I to speak the Spanish tongue while they are Amer-
| ican citizens, I would be opposed to any legisla-
tion which would induce them to remain in that
; condition. But we have recently acquired them.
They are now here; they have recently become
citizens of our Republic, and for the present I am
disposed to extend to them every inducement to
acquire a knowledge of our language and institu-
tions. But if, after the inducement has been ex-
tended to them to become acquainted with the lan-
guage, they fail to avail themselves of it, let every
facility for acquiring it be withdrawn. The ques-
tion now is, whether these American citizens, cut
off from every means possessed by every other
citizen of the country for reading and understand-
ing the message of the Chief Magistrate of thecoun-
, try in their own tongues, shall be furnished with
this document in a language which they can un-
derstand ?
As to the Norwegian portion of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin, I take
it for granted it was intended as a humbug—to
: treat the whole proceeding of printing as unwor-
: thy of notice, and to cast over it the shadow of
j ridicule. As to printing it in German, I have no
i objection to it, though tnere is no necessity for its
being printed in that language. The German
\ population is supplied with an abundance of news-
: papers. The message is printed find circulated
among them ; and, besides, a large portion of the
German population who now speak no other lan-
1 guage, have been born on the soil, and it is not to
be expected that we should make such a provision
for them. But the state of things in New Mexico
and California is entirely different. It is peculiar,
and unlike anything that has ever occurred in our
history, and it seems to me that the request made
by the Senator from California is one that ought
to be conceded.
' Now, as to the suggestion made by the Senator
from New Jersey, that if these messages are to be
printed at all, they ought to be printed and dis-
J tributed for the benefit of the people of California
and New Mexico, and that those who represent
an Atlantic or an American constituency have no
need of them, his observation is true. But we
may order the printing in the common form, and
I take it for granted that every Senator will place
his share, if they are ordered to be printed, under
the direction of the Senators from California, or un-
der the direction of the Delegate from New Mexico,
and that they will finally take the direction which
it is the object of the resolution to accomplish. . I
conceive, therefore, there is no reason for the
amendment; that this resolution ought not to be
encumbered with it, but that the resolution is a
proper one, and should be adopted.
The question was then taken on the_ motion to
strike out the words "andalikenumberinthe Nor-
wegian language," and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now recurs
on the amendment as amended, which is to print
in the German tongue; and on that question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. In order that we may as-
certain at once, without further delay, the sense
