1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
69
of the Senate upon the whole subject, I move that
the resolution and amendment be laid upon the
table, and I ask the yeas and nays upon that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bradbury, But-
ler, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Fetch, Greene, Ham-
lim, Hunter, Jones, King, Miller, Norris, Pratt, Smith,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, U nderwood, and W alker—37.
NAY S—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Berrien, Cass,
Chase, Clemens, Douglas, Ewing, Foote, Gwin, Phelps,
Seward, Shields, Wales, and Whitcomb—16.
So the motion to lay on\he table was agreed to.
DEATH OF THE HON. J. H. HARMANSON.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. Fuiihiit : I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to inform the Senate of (he death of the Hon.
John H. h^axissoH, late a member of the House from
the State of Louisiana, and of the proceedings of the
Hoose thereon.
Mr. DOWNS rose and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. Puudbnt: In announcing, as I now do,
the death of the Hon. John H. Harmanson, late
a Representative from the Third Congressional
District of Louisiana, I perform not" merely an
assigned duty in a formal ceremony, unmoved
and without sorrow, but I do it under a sense of
bereavement and regret second only to that of his
family and nearest relatives. During many years
I was his most intimate friend and associate. For
more than thirty years we were in the most cor-
dial relations of friendship, undimmed by a single
shadow of coldness or estrangement. Our sports
and amusements of youth and early manhood
were much together, and some of our sorrows and
our trials were common to both. In the active •
pursuits of life and is politics we pursued the
same general course, and were of the same party.
I knew the purity, and warmth, and nobleness of
his heart, for he stood by me firmly, in some of
those dangers and vicissitudes of life " that try
men's souls," and prove their firmness and disin-
terestedness. How strong an illustration of the
uncertainty of human life and the destiny of men
does an incident in hishistory afford!
Twenty-three years since, on a cold December
day, with the north wind drifting the sands of the
beach, like those of the deserts of the Old "World,
on an island in the Mississippi river, famous, half
a century before, in border romance and story,
and under the jurisdiction of the State of the same
name, were to be seen eight persons. A hostile
meeting had taken place, and one of the combat-
ants had fallen, dangerously—it was thought mor-
tally—wounded. The other seven were in the vigor
of early manhood, with the prospect of a long life
before them; and the most vigorous and the young-
est of these was the individual whose death we
now mourn. Five of the eight had departed be-
fore him, and but two survive—one of each antag-
onist party—and one of these the individual whose
end, it was then thought, was so near that it was
doubtful whether he would' survive until he could
be carried, in their boat, some half mile to the
Louisiana shore. Such is the uncertainty of hu-
man life!
Mr. Harmahsok was born in Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, in January, 1803, and his father removed
to Louisiana with his family when the deceased
was eleven years of age. He was educated,
in part, at Jefferson College, Washington, Mis-
sissippi; one of the present Senators of that State
[Mr. Davis] being at the same time in that insti-
tution. His father died in Louisiana before the
subject of this notice, though the oldest of the
family, was of age or his education completed;
leaving the widowed mother and several'children
with means inadequate to their support and prop-
er education; so that John, the oldest, was not
only left at a very tender age to depend on his own
resources in a great measure for his support, but
also found it necessary to assist in supporting and
educating the other members of the family. This
duty he performed nobly, as he did all other du-
ties during his whole life, giving his labor and his
time sometimes to one pursuit and sometimes to
another, as best answered his purpose. He once
thought of devoting himself to one of the mechanic
arts, and pursued it for some time, but gave it up.
Afterwards he studied law for a while in the office
of the individual who now addresses you, in Mon-
roe, Louisiana, but unfortunately he gave it up
before he was admitted to the bar; for the high in-
tellectual qualities he afterwards exhibited in pub-
lic life as a debater showed that he would have
succeeded in that profession had he persevered a
little longer.
He engaged in agriculture and other kindred
pursuits about the year 1829, near the mouth of
Red river, and married, a few years afterwards,
a lady of the same quarter of the State, who is
now left with her eight children to mourn his un-
timely loss.
Mr. Harmanson commenced public life as a
member of the State Senate in 1844, never having
held or been a candidate for any public office before
that time. In November, 1845, he was elected a
member of the House of Representatives of the
United States, was reelected in 1847 and 1849,
and died in New Orleans in 1850. So that he was j
in public life only about six years; and surely few, Ij
especially those unaccustomed as he was to public j
speaking, have in so short a time risen as rapidly i
in the public estimation and effected as much for !1
the general good. Though a new member, he
took a conspicuous part during the 99th Congress
in the debates on the great questions of that day—
the treasury system and the tariff of 1846, then j
adjusted so much to the benefit and satisfaction of 1
j the country. His speeches on those subjects were
much admired and read at that time, and will be
referred to as high authority hereafter. In the
, House of Representatives his energies had a wide
range, and, whilst his active and powerful mind
was engaged in devising measures to promote the
interests of his State, the concerns of his humblest
constituent were not only not neglected or over-
looked, but received his consideration, and were
followed up with a zeal and fidelity peculiar to
himself.
The terrible and destructive inundations to which
the State of Louisiana has been subject, had at-
tracted his earnest attention and anxious delibera-
tions, in order to provide a remedy. The result
was, that in 1847 he originated and brought for-
ward, in the House of Representatives, a project
to secure a grant from the United States to the
State of Louisiana of all the overflowed lands in
that State, with a view to their redemption from
that condition, and to placing the property and
health of the people beyond the reach of that
periodifcal scourge with which they had been so
frequently visited. This measure, so dear to his
heart, he pressed forward with a sleepless vigilance
which defied defeat, and until it was, with the aid
of other members of the delegation, in March,
1849, crowned with success.
But he did not stop*at this. This grant could
not be made available for several years. A still
greater flood occurred in 1850 than that of the
year before. He saw that something more was
necessary, and that, under all the circumstances
of the case, the United States ought to make a
further and more readily-available grant. For i
this purpose he first suggested, at the last session i
of Congress, the project of Congress ceding the
whole of the unappropriated lands in Louisiana ;
to the State, and by his indefatigable attention
was the chief means of obtaining and bringing ;
foward such information on the subject as to leave j
scarcely a doubt of its ultimate success. His
j failing health, it is true, did not allow him to pre-
sent this last project to the House; but he origina-
ted it, and left it to be carried out by other mem-
bers of the delegation. A bill for that purpose was
presented in the Senate and reporfed on favorably
by the Committ# on Public Lands; and it now
-stands on the calendar ready for the approbation
of the Senate, which I doubt not it will receive at
an early day, approved, as it is, not only by the
committee, but by the Land Office.
Louisiana has not and will -not prove herself
ungrateful or forgetful of the important services
rendered by her public men. She once made a
large donation to the heirs of a distinguished
statesman of another portion of the Union. She
is not now as prosperous as she has been and will
be again. Two successive floods have desolated
some of her richest fields and destroyed some of
her most beautiful villas; an early frost has just
greatly lessened the' production of her two great
staples-^-sugar and cotton—but with such re-
sources as her soil and climate afford, and such
energy as aetuates her people, her period of de-
pression cannot long continue. Her prosperity
will soon return, and when it does, then will she
remember*ine of her most faithful and useful pub-
lic servants; and I think I may venture to antici-
pate for her that at Baton Rouge, the seat of gov-
ernment, in his own district, or at some other con-
spicuous point on the banks of that great river,
whose hitherto uncontrollable and disastrous
floods he had contributed so much to reduce to
subjection, she will erect a monument to the mem-
ory of John H. Harmanson as a proof of her
gratitude and an encouragement to her future pub-
lic servants. _
He expired jn the city%f New Orleans on
the 25th of October last, of a lingering illness,
which had been aggravated by his arduous public
labors, to which he had devoted himself with a
zeal and energy that suffered no abatement even
during his wasting malady, and which terminated
only with his life. He was thus cut off in the
meridian of his life, and only at the beginning of
what gave promise of being a career of usefulnes 
to his country and credit to himself. Doubtless,
had he lived, his State would have bestowed upon
him its highest honors.
Mr. Harmanson possessed natural abilities of
a very high order; a keen, sagacious, and/dis-
criminating mind, with unsullied integrity. These
characteristics made their way to the'hearts of the
people with whom his lot was cast. There his
strict business habits, his active industry, his dis-
interested friendship, his enlarged benevolence and
philanthropy, and his patriotic devotion, gave him
an enviable standing and popularity. In all the
relations of life he was amiable, affectionate, and
kind; a devoted husband and parent, who watched
with ceaseless solicitude over the early develop-
ment of mind in his young and numerous family,
.with whose tears ours are mingled on this sad
i occasion.
As a member of the socif# circle, he had no di-
i luted friendships. His attachments were slowly
j formed, but lasting as life. In every relation of
society he scorned concealment or undue advan-
| tage, but with openness and frankness of heart he
j inspired every one with a conviction of his integ-
: rity and purity of purpose.
! Though a radical in politics, and an enemy to
1 monopolies in every form, he knew how to appre-
ciate an honest difference of opinion; and, although
wedded by the deepest attachments to theyeculiar
interests of the South and of his own State, in
whose soil he now sleeps, yet, as an ardent patriot,
and indulging a just pride in our lofty rank as a
nation, he loved and cherished, as thechief element
of our national greatness, and as the ark of our
political safety, the Union, for the Union's sake—
that Union in which we are bound together, may
we not hope, inseparably and forever, and whose
Representatives are now called upon to mingle their
sympathies on this melancholy occasion.
Mr. President, I now move the adoption of the-
following resolutions:
Retokei, That the Senate receives with sincere regret
the announcement of the death of the Hon. John H. Har-
kanson, late a member of the House of Representatives
from the State of Louisiana, and tenders to the relatives of
the deceased the assurance of their sympathy with them un-
der the bereavement they have been called to i
> sustain.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to transmit to the family of Mr. Harmanson a certified
copy of the forgoing resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. On rising to sec-
ond the resolutions which nave been presented, I
may be permitted, as an early friend of the de-
ceased, to offer very briefly some tribute to his
memory. At the school referred to by his col-
league, the Senator from Louisiana, as that in
which I had been with him in the period of boy-
hood, we were together not only in the same
school, but in the same boarding-house and in the
same room. We there, at that early period oflife,
formed that strict friendship which, most of all,
endures through all the changes of time and cir-
cumstance. ft was a friendship which matured
with our manhood, continued until the death of
the deceased, and remains to measacred memory.
We were intimately associated while members
of the House of Representatives, which we en-
tered at the same time, and an identity of political
opinions gave to our pu■ 'lie relations the confiden-
tial character which had existed in our private in-
tercourse, and brought us into such close associa-
tion as gave me a better opportunity than I
otherwise could have had, to understand all his
high moral worth as a public mun. That, hotr*
