70
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. 18,
ever, the country is better able to appreciate than ,
his private character. It is of the lattei^tlierefore,
that I would speak, and because of the advan-
tages which lonsj acquaintance and private friend-
ship give.
His temperament *ns ardent, sincere. His na-
ture was honest. He was emphatically what we
understand by the phrase " a true man." True
to his trust, true to his friends: generous to his
enemies; frank and decided to all men. What-
ever there was of hi?h energy and fixed purpose,
wh never there was soft feeling and warm at-
tachment, were happily blended to form the char-
acter of afriend. Those who knew him intimately,
will long mourn his loss; those whose representa-
tive he was. will long remember his devotion to
them, and be fortunate, indeed, if they find his
equal—not his equal in mere attainment, not his
equal in mere talent—these are but the gilding
which ornament the exterior; the real substance,
the reliable quality of the representative, is the
moral character which lies beneath. His educa-
tion, like my own, was formed in the imperfect
schools and academies of our country at the time
we were young, and, having terminated there,
never reached that maturity which would have
enabled a young man without fortune or influen-
tial friends to' rise above the common level of his
fellows, without far more than common merit.
But he was endowed with that degree of energy,
resolution, and talent which, coupled with a high
moral character, gave to him the confidence ofthose
who knew him, and finally raised him to the po-
sition in which he died, and, had he lived, would
have elevated him to yet higher station.
I have said he was ardent; he was so, even to
the extent of enthusiasm. It was not in his
nature to compromise his sense of right from any
motive of expediency. He followed truth and jus-
tice whithersoever they led. Yet the generosity of
his character, to which I have also alluded, always
tempered the ardor with which he maintained his
opinions so far as not often to give offence to his
opponents. He has been taken from us by an
inscrutable Providence; as it seems to us, before
his task was done, in the midst of his usefulness.
It becomes us to believe, however, that his course
has been thus abruptly terminated for wise pur-
poses which we cannot discern. His labors were
closed v^hen his intellectual sun was on the meri-
dian, but his services had been sufficient so to
illustrate his character that he may serve as a
model for a faithful representative. He will be ]
an example not the less valuable because it was ' j
not by learning, not by fortune, not by friends, 1
not by the gift of popular eloquence that he ac-
quired the elevation to which he had attained. It ,
must be a useful stimulus to youth to see how
much honesty, zeal, and faithfulness in the dis- !
charge of duty may achieve. His example will
live after him.
For us, it is useful on such occasions to pause
and review the career of a deceased associate. It
is kind and courteous; it may be even consolatory
to his bereaved widow and children, to see the
tribute of respect paid to him by those with whom
he was connected here. His colleague has said what
was due to his services in Congress, but language
would fail to express half that was due to his
Frivate and public worth. Wholly unprepared,
have brought this poor offering to his memory
in the name of friendship, and leave it to time and
his beloved constituency to do him justice.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. As the hour of the day is
somewhat advanced, and as it is not likely that
the Senate will desire to attend to important busi-
ness after this melancholy announcement, and as ,
committees of the Senate are now preparing busi- |
ness to occupy our attention, I move that the Sen- !
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agTeed to, and the Senate ad-
journed. ,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wedne dat, December 18, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday having been read,
Jifr. VINTON moved so to amend it as to in-
sert, after the clause providing for the printing of
ft'n thousand copies extra of the report from the
Treasury on the finances of Government, the ,
\rords " for the use of the House." i
The amendment was agreed to, and the Journal
was approved.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. FITCH said that there was upon the Speak-
er's table a joint resolution from the Senate pro-
viding for the appointment of Regents for the
Smithsonian Institution whose term of service had
expired. He hoped the House would take up and
consider the resolution, as it would occupy but a
few minutes. It was absolutely necessaiy that it
should be passed, for the reason that the Board of
Regents was not full, and no business could be
transacted by the Board until the vacancies should
have been filled. He hoped the resolution would
be taken up.
There being no objection,
The joint resolution was taken up, read three
several times, and passed.
SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. SIBLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution, which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Public Land* be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for transferring the charge of the 16th and 36th sections of
school lands in Oregon and Minnesota Territories, to the
Legislative Assemblies thereof, and to allow of their being
leased by said Legislative Assemblies and that said com-
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ALBERTSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial emanating from a meeting of a
portion of the citizens of the West, held in the
city of Evansville, Indiana, in favor of western
interests: which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GILBERT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to create the office of surveyor general of
public lands in the State of California; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PHCENIX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to establish a collection district in the State
of New York, and a port of entry at Whitehall,
.and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. P. inquired of the Speaker, whether it
would be in order to ask that the bill be put upon
itspassage?
The SPEAKER replied that it could be dori^
by unanimous consent; but that the practice had
been, where bills had been received by unanimous
consent, to commit them. v
Mr. PHCENIX moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Commerce; which motion
was agreed to, and the bill was so referred.
A REVENUE CUTTER FOR OREGON.
Mr. THURSTON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill to provide a
revenue cutter for the district of Oregon.
The'bill having been read for information,
Mr. CARTTER called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER said that the reg-ular order of
business having been called for, the bill of the gen-
tleman could not be received.
CHEAP POSTAGE.
Mr. POTTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to take up the special order.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr Burt
in the chair.
Mr. POTTER. I believe the House bill 351,
to reduce and modify the rates of postage, is the
special order for this day; therefore I move that
it be taken up.
There being no objection, the bill was accord-
ingly taken up, and read by the Clerk, as follows:
A BILL to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representor
tivesof the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That letters carried in the mail of the United States
shall be charged with postage as follows: Upon^ach let-
ter not weighing over one half ounce, when postage is
paid where such letter is mailed, three cents; and for each
additional half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce, when
so prepaid, there shall be charged three cents. There shall
be charged upon each unpaid letter, weighing not more
than one half ounce, five cents, and for each additional half
ounce, or fraction of half on ounce, when so unpaid, the
sum of five cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, There shall be charged
on each newspaper, of no greater size than nineteen hun-
dred square inches, transmitted through the mails from the
office of publication to any place out of the State where
published, the sum of one cent; and for any such newspa-
per delivered within the State where published, the sum of
one halfcent; and for eacli newspaper of larger dimensions
than above specified, shall be charged with an additional
rate for each additional nineteen hundred square inches or
fraction thereof. And all pamphlet*, periodicals, maga-
zines, and every other description of printed matter, (ex-
cept newspapers,) which shall be unconnected with any
manuscript or written matter, and which it is, or may be
lawful to transmit through the mails of the United States,
shall be chargeable with postage at the rate of two cents
for each copy sent of no greater weight than one ounce,
and one cent in addition for each additional ounce, or frac-
tion of an ounce. Bound books not weighing over thirty-
two ounces, shall be deemed mailable matter under the
foregoing provisions, anything in the fifteenth section of
the act approved March third, eighteen hundred and forty-
five, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 3. And be U further enacted, That directors of the
Mints in the United States are authorized and required to
coin pieces of the value of three cents, composed of three
parts silver and one part alloy, which shall be a lawful ten-
der for all debts due to the Government of the United
States, and to individuals, persons, and corporations.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. It shall be the duty of
the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to all deputy
postmasters, and other persons applying and paying there-
for, suitable stamps of the denomination of three cents to
facilitate the prepayment of the postages provided for in
this act. And to any person who shall desire to purchase of
the Postmaster General, or of any deputy postmaster at any
onetime, an amount of stamp* to the value of fifty dollars
or upwards, such stamps shall be furnished at a discount of
ten per cent, upon their par value. All deputy postmasters
who shall receive at any one time stamps to the amount of
$50, shall be allowed a deduction of ten per cent, upon the
par value.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of $1,300,000, to supply any de-
ficiency that may arise in the Post Office Department.
Mr. P. resumed. I offer the following amend-
ment, as a substitute for the whole bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert:
Sec. 1. That letters carried in the mail of the United
States shall be charged with postage as follows:
If pon each letter not weighing over one half ounce, three
cents ; and for each additional half ounce or fraction of
half an ounce, three cents.
Sec. 2. There shall be charged upon each newspaper,
pamphlet, periodical, magazine, book, and every other de-
scription of printed matter, which shall be unconnected
with any manuscript or written matter, and which it may
be lawful to transmit through the mail, of no greater weight
than two ounces, one cent; and for each additional ounce,
or fraction of an ounce, one cent. Bound books, not weigh-
ing over thirty ounces, shall be deeiaed mailable matter un-
der the provisions of this scction: Provided, That news-
papers delivered in the State where printed shall be charge-
able with only one half the foregoing rates.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That the directors of
the Mint in the United States are authorized and required
to coin pieces of the value of three cents, composed of
three parts silver and one part alloy, which shall be a law-
ful tender for all debts of thirty dollars or under, due to the
United States, and to individuals, persons, and corpora-
tions.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. It shall be the duty of
the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to all deputy
postmasters, and other persons applying and paying there-
for, suitable stamps of the denomination of three cents to
facilitate the prepayment of the postages provided for in
this act. And to any person who shall desire to purchase
of the Postmaster General, or of any deputy postmaster, at
any one time, an amount of stamps to the value of fifty dol-
lars or upwards, such stamps shall be furnished at a dis-
count of ten per cent, upon their par value. All deputy
postmasters who shall receive at any one time stamps to the
amount of fifty dollars, shall be allowed a deduction of tea
per cent, upon the par value.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of .§1,500,000, to supply any de-
ficiency that may arise in the Post Office Department.
Sec. 6. There shall be.charged upon all letters trans-
ported in the mails from any of the Atlantic ports in the
ITnited States to any of the ports in the United States upon
the Pacific, or from any of the ports in the United States
upon the Pacific to any of the Atlantic ports in the United
States, four times the usual rates; and upon all news-
papers, pamphlets, periodicals, magaziues, books, or other
printed matter herein provided for, three times the usual
rates.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. Before the ques-
tion is taken upon the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] which is, to strike
out the whole bill, and substitute a new one, I be-
lieve it is in order, Mr. Chairman, to amend the
original. I desire to send to the Chair an amend-
ment. I move to amend the original bill by striking
out the first section.
Mr. POTTER. I will only yield the floor for
explanation; I cannot yield it to the gentleman
from Indiana to make a motion 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to the
