1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
gentleman from Ohio that his amendment being to |
strike out the entire bill, it is in order, first, to ,
perfect the original bill.
Mr. POTTER. I am aware of that, but I did
not yield the floor to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr* Brown,} to allow him to make a motion.
Mr. BR0\\ N, of Indiana. If the gentleman
refuses to yield the floor, I will give way.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Potter] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise, sir, merely for in-
formation. I would inquire if it is not in order to
take up the bill section by section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] to move to
strike out the first section of the bill. The bill ,
will be acted upon section by section, and an ;
amendment to perfect the first section of the bill i
proposed to be stricken out will be in order. 1
Mr. POTTER. I do not propose to enter into
any labored discussion on this subject. The ques- ;
tions involved in this bill have been well discussed j
throughout the entire country in newspapers and
at public meetings, and it is hardly worth while >
for me to spend the time of the committee in dis-
cussing it at this time. Almost every member on
this floor, perhaps, is as capable of enlightening
me as I am him in regard to the questions that
arise in the consideration of this bill.
As it is my intention to reserve my remarks to j
the close of this debate, in order that I may an-
swer any objections that may be made to the re- ;
duction of postage, I will briefly state the leading
features of the bill and amendment, and leave the ,
floor to those who are now desirous to enter at
large into the discussion..
In the first place, we believe the Post Office De-
partment was not established as a means of ac-
quiring revenue for the support of other branches
of the Government, but that when it had paid its j
way, and at the same time furnished all the need- i
ful mail facilities to the whole people of the United
States, it had answered all its ends.
Now, we are to look at this subject mainly in
a financial point of view, and in doing so, it is only
necessary to travel back to the provisions of the
law previous to 1845, and the reductions that
were made in that year, to ascertain whether any
further reduction may be made consistent with the
revenue and a proper performance of the various
duties connected with the Department.
In 1839, the old rates of postage in Great Brit-
ain were four cents for eight miles, six cents for
fifteen miles, and twenty-eight cents for five hun-
dred miles, and a corresponding increase for a
greater distance. What was the operation there
under that system? In the year 1839, the number
of letters amounted to seventy-six millions, whilst
under the uniform rate of one penny, or two
■ cents a letter, the number had increased in the
year 1849 to over three hundred and forty-six mil-
lions—producing an amount of revenue almost
entirely equal to the amount obtained by the for-
mer higher rates, and exceeding the expenditure
of the Department by over a million and a half of
dollars per annum. There is no doubt, then, that
the reduction of postage in the United States will
be attended with the same result as in Great
Britain; and I will remark here, that in Great
Britain no charge was made for the transportation
of newspapers through the mail, but the amount
referred to arises from letter postage alone.
In 1844, when we were charging the rate of six
to tweny-five cents, our revenue did not increase
in proportion to the increase of population. It
was believed, and I now believe, that if those rates
had continued, the revenue would have fallen
short of what it now is, and far short of what was
needed to supply the country with mail facilities.
Under the act of 1845, reducing the rates of post-
age on all letters to five and ten cents, our revenue
has been enhanced, until 1849 and 1850, when it
has become greater than it ever was before, and it
has exceeded in those two years the expenses of
the Department almost half a million of dollars,
showing clearly that a further reduction may be
made with equally flattering results. There is a me-
dium and a standard of postage for revenue; and the
proper inquiry is, what is that standard. The
duty on an imported article may be so high as to
prohibit its importation; and the rates of postage
may be so high as to prohibit the use of the mail
to the great mass of the people. In either case
direct taxation must be resorted to to carry on the
operations of the Government. It is better to have
the rates of postage too low than too high, if ap-
propriations are to be made to carry on the ope-
rations of the Department; for in the former case,
the great mass of the people would reap tlie benefit
of the tax, whilst in the latter case its benefits
would be confined to a few only, who are able to
use the Department as a means of transporting
their letters.
There is no reason why the like causes in this
country should not produce the same results as in
England. The comparison is in our favor. "We
are as well educated, as commercial, as migratory,
as the people of Great Britain. The expenses of
transportation do not increase in proportion to the
increase of the revenue, for upon lines which fifteen
years did not afford revenue enough to defray the \
expenses of transportation, now pay a large sur-
plus into the Treasury. This is owing to the in-
crease of population on the lines, whilst by the
improvements made in the country, they are able
to perform the service cheaper and more expedi-
tiously. And this change is constantly going on
in every new State and Territory in the union.
We believe that the newspaper postage of one
cent out of the State, and half a cent within the
State, will operate to the benefit of the country
press, which is needed for its support and preser-
vation. Propositions have been urged to allow
newspapers to go free within thirty miles of their
place of publication. I can see no good reason or
justice in making the individual who resides forty
miles from where a newspaper is published, pay
the expenses of transporting a paper free to the
person living but thirty miles from such place of
publication. And then, the postmasters who de- ;
liver papers without pay, would be very likely to '
discourage the transportation of newspapers in the
mail, by which publishers would be made to suffer
more than they would, were a small sum charged
upon their papers, to be divided equally between ,
the postmaster and the Department.
Tnere is some propriety in charging fourfold '
for Pacific mails, because the same service in
California and Oregon costs the Department four ;
times as much as the same service in this country, i
It is proposed to put all printed matter, news- !
papers, periodicals, &c., upon the same footing, .
| changing all by the ounce. One of our largest
newspapers will not weigh over two ounces, and
I this is made in the bill the standard. Periodicals,
| &c., are charged with one cent for the first two
I ounces, and on each additional ounce or a fraction
j of an ounce one cent is to be charged.
To show at one glance the absurdity of these
i high rates of letter and newspaper postage, it is
j only necessary to state, that whilst the ordinary
, price of transporting a barrel of flour from Detroit
to Buffalo is ten «ents, the same amount is charged
for carrying a letter, weighing half an ounce, in
, the same conveyance.
But as I said before, I will defer any further re-
marks at this time, and will content myself with
, listening to objections, which I have no doubt I
i shall be able to answer to the satisfaction of every
i one who will listen with a view only of eliciting
) truth.  
j Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an
! amendment to offer to the bill now before the com-
mittee, which I ask to be read, and which I intend
! to offer at the proper time. It is to strike out the
word "three" in the first section of the original
j bill, and insert the word " five" in lieu thereof,
so that it will read, " upon each letter not weigh-
ing over one half ounce, when postage is paid
where such letter is mailed, five cents, "&c.- Also,
! in the eighteenth line, second section of the bill,
after the word "ounce," to insert the following
proviso,
Provided, That no portage shall be charged upon any
j newspaper mailed and delivered within the county where
> published.
The amendment having been read,
! Mr. C. continued: I am sorry that I am com-
1 pelled to come to a different conclusion from my
' colleague, to whose deliberations on the subject of
\ that bill I pay much deference, and to whose re-
i searches and labor in connection with it the whole
I country is much indebted. But it occurs tome,
from the little examination I have been able to
give it, that if the project is carried into execution,
it will involve the Post.Office Department in bank-
ruptcy; and that the system that it creates of
obliterating the distinction between the different
rates of postage, is a principle that must operate
unequally and unjustly upon the different sections
of the Republic. It seems to me to be calculated
to build up asystem which will concentrate thelit-
erature of the country in theEastern cities. It will
build up and create an influence in the cities,
through the medium of cheap postage, which I
do not wish to see. The effect, as I before said,
will be to reduce the Post Office Department to a
state of bankruptcy.
It is conceded by the able chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, that
this Department of the Government ought to be a
self-sustaining department. There we agree. It
is also conceded that those who receive the bene-
fit of the facilities of the Post Office, ought to con-
tribute to the support of those facilities, and that
a tax for their benefit ought not to be levied on'
other citizens of the Republic. Why, sir, if we
are correctly informed, by the very bill the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads have intro-
duced and recommended the passage of, the Gov-
ernment is called upon, the very first year of the
experiment, to pay from the general Treasury
$1 ,500,000, to supply the deficiency that is to
arise from the proposed reduction of the rates of
postage. This scheme of postal reformation is
based, in the very bill itself, upon the anticipation
of a deficiency of the postal revenue, in the first
year of its existence, of $1,500,000.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman allow me
for a moment ?
Mr. CARTTER. I believe the gentleman has
the last of the argument.
Mr. POTTER. I only want to set my friend
right on this point. If he has examined into the
subject, he will find that there is a surplus revenue
in tlie Treasury of the United States, arising from
the receipts of the Post Office Department.
Mr. CARTTER. If that is the explanation I
understand it already.
Mr. POTTER. The other explanation I pro-
pose to make is, that the surplus revenue now in
the Treasury, arising from the Post Office Depart-
ment, is to be applied to the deficiency which
shall arise from the proposed reduction.
Mr. CARTTER. I was going to comment
upon the subject of this explanation also. My
friend gave notice that there was a surplus in thfe ,
Treasury. He has told us that this Department
has sustained and surfeited itself with r* enue—
that one million and odd dollars are now on hand.
I have no doubt the chairman of that committee
thinks so. I do not hesitate to assert that the re-
port of the Department says so ; but I totally deny
that the Post Office Department, under the present
rates of postage, has ever sustained itself. It is
perfectly palpable to any one who will go into an
examination of the subject, that that Department
is now indebted to the general Treasury. Who
pays the expense of carrying your mails to Cali-
fornia and Oregon ? The general Treasury does
it. What supports the franking matter? The
general Treasury does it. When you add these
items to the expense of the Post Office Depart-
ment, you will find, instead of there being a sur-
plus on hand, that there is a deficiency. Who
sustains the machinery of the Post Office Depart-
ment? The General Government does it, from
the funds of the general Treasury. I would rec-
ommend to the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, in making out the
balance sheet of that Department, to refer to the
items of expense paid from the common revenues
of the Government, and he will find that instead
of the postage system proving a source of revenue
to the Government, it has rather proved a tax
npon it.
BuUto return to my subject. I was about to re-
mark that this bill contemplates the bankruptcy of'
that Department—that it provides in the outset for
an appropriation of (1,500,000 from the common-
Treasury to sustain it. If such a result is not
anticipated, why is this appropriation in the bill?-
But, sir, the provisions of this bill are not the
only indications that such a result is to be the
effect of its passage. It is contemplated by the
message of the President. It is contemplated by
the report of the Postmaster General, who says,
in so many words, that the adoption of this re-,
duction will run the Department into temporary
bankruptcy, and that it will be necessary to secure,
it against that result by drawing resources from
the public Treasury. It is true, the Postmaster
