72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
General says, as a sort of problematical proposi-
tion, that in the process of time—in the course of
five years, more or less—he has hopes that this
Department, under this reduction, will recover it-
self, and be able to restore its revenue. Sir, are
we going to follow the speculations of a Postmas-
ter General who is not nine days old in office—
looking into the future for five years, when your
public debt needs to be paid ? And are you going to
take the only branch of Government that approxi-
mates to a self-sustaining character, and reduce it
to bankruptcy, upon the mere speculation of your
Postmaster General, that, perhaps, in the future,
this revenue may be restored ana the Department
sustained ? For one, I am not willing to see it
done until the obligations of the Federal Govern-
ment to its honest creditors are cancelled.
But, then, if you wish to try the experiment in
this branch of the Government, perhaps I may
consent. But, sir, what is the prospect before us ?
This bill contemplates drawing from the general
Treasury, the ensuing year, 01,500,000, to sus-
tain the reduction of postage and to obliterate the
distinction between carrying newspapers one hun-
dred miles and fifty miles. Now, what is the
condition of the Treasury? The receipts in the
Treasury, if we are to believe the Secretary, will
fall $8,000,000 annually below the revenues ne-
cessary to support the Government; for your Sec-
retary of the Treasury reports to you, that, with
the present fullness of revenue, unparalleled in
the history of the Government, and with the pres-
ent plethora of money, the receipts will fall short
of the current demands upon the public Treasury
$8,000,OOOannually, orfrom$4,000 to $8,000,000.
Here is one branch of the Government threat-
ening the representatives of the people that they
will be under the necessity of hypothecating the
credit of the Government for money, admonishing
th6m that the receipt of customs will fall short of
the demands upon the Government by millions;
while another head of another Department of the
same Administration, recommends the throwing
away of the only self-sustaining branch of the
public service. We find the President, in words,
advising economy, and one member of his Cabi-
net certifying to the bankruptcy of the public
Treasury, and the necessity of borrowing money
.to liquidate the public debt; while at the same
time we find another member of the Cabinet rec-
ommendSig the cutting off the revenue of the
only Department sustaining itself.
Now, I submit, as a candid proposition, if it is
not better to study economy and to maintain the
credit and-good faith of this Government, by hus-
banding its revenues and paying its creditors, in-
stead of breaking down the self-sustaining system
of postage. We ought not to maintain this De-
partment from the general Treasury until the Gov-
ernment indebtedness is redeemed, and there is no
occasion to draw upon the Government credit.
But, sir, this is not the only objection I have to
the proposition, the only reason I have for op-
posing it. There is a principle incorporated in this
bill, as I remarked before, which cannot command
my vote—that is the obliteration of a graduating
scale or tariff of postage. I do not make this
objection principally for the reason, that a man
who has occasion to use fifty miles transportation
on mailable matter, is to be compelled to pay
for one hundred, employed by some other person;
although it involves doubtful justice and great
inequality. That is not the reason. Lying-be-"
hind it, and concealed beneath it, is a result which
I fear much more than this.
The present centre of the publishing business
is located in the eastern cities, chiefly in New York
city, Boston, and 'Philadelphia. In those cities
we find the greater part of the book, periodical,
and newspaper making and selling establishments.
The effect of one or two of the provisions in
this bill is to obliterate all distinction between the
transportation of this kind of matter, whether it is
carried fifty or five hundred miles. What is the
object, sir? What is the effect of it? The result
of it will be, that the city publishers will circulate
their matter in the country at less expense than
the local papers can do it, so that the latter will be
supplanted and the city publishers will lake their
place. This is the design—this is the motive, and
this will be the effect.
Now, I have no objection to all this, provided
these city presses would disseminate pure senti-
ments and correct principles. Afld in that case,
the further they circulated their publications the
hetter. But these cities have become proverbial
as the sinks and hot-beds, from which are fulmi-
nated all the political corruptions of this Union.
To destroy the distinction that now exists in re-
gard to the distance of transportation will kill off
the independent press of the country, and bring
the interior of this Republic into a sort of political
and literary servility to the cities. The city news-
papers are solely influenced by local interests, and
by the corrupt and selfish means and appliances,
that are usually brought to bear upon the press in
large and populous cities.
I do not propose, sir, to involve the independent
press of the country in this condition of servility
and slavery -to local interests. I would prefer to
have the country press maintained, to reflect the
sentiment of an independent and honest people, as
it now does, unapproached and safe against the
assaults of sinister and monetary influences, which
have so much to do in guiding and directing city
politics. For the purpose of resisting such a state
of things, I am opposed to the principle attempted
to be established by this bill—that is, do away with
the distinctions between long and short distances.
I have no objection to these city publications being
sustained by the food that seems natural to their i
digestion. It is just like getting up city dinners
to distinguished politicians, where the only ques- '
tion involved in the whole matter, is the cost of
the turkey that is served up on the occasion.
[Laughter:]
I have seen fit to propose to insert in the eigh-
teenth* line of this bill, a proviso, " that no postage
shall be charged upon any newspaper mailed or de-
livered within the county where the same is pub-
lished." I wish now to offer a few remarks, by
way of explanation of my course, and to show that
I am in favor of reducing the postal tariff just as far
and just as fast as that tariff will sustain the Depart- i
ment. Mr. Chairman, should we make this De-
partment of the Government like the Navy, like i
the military establishments, dependent upon the j
general Treasury, who are to be the sufferers i
from it? The interior of the Republic—the agri-
cultural regions of the Republic. When the ques-
tion comes up as to the granting of this route or
that, in some sparsely settled region of the country,
it will be answered that the route cannot sustain it-
self, and therefore it oughtnot tobegranted. Itwill
be the thinly-inhabited regions of the country that
are to be sacrificed. The cities and densely-pop-
ulated parts will come forward under the influences
they have created, and say, "We claim your rev-
enue. We sustain the mail service. Shall the
State of New York be taxed for transporting mail
matter in Missouri ?" This will be the language
of the cities; and, by combination of interests,
they will divert the revenues of the Government
to sustain their own objects of expenditures, and
leave the West without proper mail facilities,
for this reason, that Representatives will give such
votes as have a tendency to promote the interests
of their own constituents, and in such a manner
as will be felt by them. If a ship is to be built
in Philadelphia, and an appropriation is to be
made out of the Treasury of the United States to
build it, a Representative from Philadelphia would
take that money out of our postal service, because
the mechanics who are to build the ship, and the
men who are to furnish the materials of which it
is to be constructed, are his constituents.
I do not propose to place this system, ar^l par-
ticularly the interior of the Republic, at the mercy
of eastern combinations.
But, sir, this bill contemplates the receipt from
the general Treasury of 01,500,000—to do what?
To pay the post routes! The postage is already
so much reduced, as every Representative on this
floor from an agricultural district is well aware,
that the receipts of our country deputy post-
masters are purely nominal, and instead "of their
being sustained by their pay, they are supported
by the anxiety of the community within which
they discharge their ditties, to receive mail facili-
ties. They consent to get up at twelve o 'clock, at
night in the month of January, without a fire,
to open the mail, and all this without reward.
W ell, reduce the rate of postage, and what is going
to become of these country postmasters? Unless
they are greater patriots than they are generally
esteemed to be, they will abandon their offices.
That will be the end of the matter. And, sir,
the moment you throw the support of the Post i
Office Department on the general Treasury, you
bring postal facilities into conflict with demands
for naval appropriations, for military appropria-
tions,-for fortification appropriations, and appro-
priations for all the interests of the ecountry.
Now, sir, these are some of the objections that
occur to me, and I will not detain the committee
much longer.
The amendment which I design to offer, pro-
poses to reduce the rate of postage one hundred
per cent.—to five cents, instead of three cents. If,
! as is speciously pretended by its friends and ad-
vocates, a reduction of the rates of postage is
! justified by the accumulation of patronage to the
Department, why not approach it gradually? why-
must you leap from one extreme to the other ?
Let us try the experiment first, and then, if the
receipts of revenue by the Department shall justify
another step in the grade of low postage, how
easy it is to take one. The interests of the peo-
ple, fcnd the sympathies of the people, are all with
the movements to reduce the rates of postage;
and if the reduction to five cents is justified by the
receipts of the Department, they will adopt a still
lower grade. Is it wisdom, by a single act of
legislation, to run to the extreme verge of post-
age, as at present established in the old, densely-
populated regions of Europe? In Europe, the
penny postage system has produced a greater rev-
enue than did the higher rates; but it is wrong to
suppose that it would have the same effect here;
and for this plain and palpable reason,—that the
reduction in Europe was in a densely-populated
1 country, where packages and messages were al-
ready transported by express at a lower rate than
the postal rates, and the effect of the reduction
there was to bring this already existing necessity
of the public into the channel of the mail. But
^ here, in the interior of the Republic, there is no
such drtnand—there is no such competition witlv
the postal facilities. It will be found to be ai 
entire mistake, that the reduction contemplated inr
this bill will be accompanied by a corresponding
increase of the patronage of the Department. The
patronage does not exist. If you had express;
lines running through the centre of the country, in
competition with the mail routes—if the matter
existed, and if the public required such facilities—
why, then the effect of a reduction might be to-
transfer the patronage bestowed upon these ex-
presses to the Post Office Department; but the
competition is not there, the matter is not there,
and it will fail ■ of success for want of the nutri-
ment to support it. These are the reasons why I
fear the reduction proposed in this bill, and why
I think that it would be wiser and better to try the
experiment first of a hundred per cent, reduction
before we bring it down to so low a rate as that
contemplated by the bill now under the consider-
ation of the committee. Let us, at any rate, sus-
tain the principle of providing at once for all the
citizens of the United States, that which they so*
much require—proper post office facilities. I am
willing to vote for a reduction of postage, but I
hold it to be better that that reduction should be
gradual, and that we should try the experiment
before we reduce it to the lowest rates. With
these remarks I resume my seat.
Mr. ASHMUN. Mr. Chairman, I do not rise
for the purpose of making any extended remarks
] on the general subject connected with the bill
which is now under the consideration of the com-
mittee; but I suppose that, after full discussion, the
sense of the committee will be tested in regard to
the various propositions which may be submitted.
One of the propositions—that of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads—is a measure for
a reduction of the rate of postage to three cents,
and I wish to propose a parallel measure, that con-
templates a reduction to two cents. I wish to of-
fer it at such time and in such form that it shall be
before the committee and thoroughly understood
when they come to take the vote. I suppose, sir,
that the substitute offered by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads is
now open to amendment, and that it is competent
for me to move to strike out the whole of that bill,
and insert the substitute which I hold in my hand.
Th is I intend tt> do before I sit down; and I merely
desire to say, further, that my plan is substan-
tially the same as the one which I introduced at
the last session, and is substantially the same as
that which has been agreed upon by the commit-
| tee of the Senate, and reported to that body by
