1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tar
the distinguished SenatorfromTexas, [Mr. Rusk,]
who is chairman of the committee. It proposes a
postage of two cents upon all letters prepaid, and
that all un-prepaid letters shall be taxed a postage
of five cents. It proposes, also, that the franking
privilege, except as regards the Departments, shall
be entirely abolished; but that all communications
for the puhlic servict, all public documents, all
speeches of members made in either branch of
Congress, and all communications to and from
members of Congress, instead of being, as they
are now, made a charge upon letter postage, so as
thereby to increase the amount of postage charged
for the transportation of letters, shall be made a
charge upon the public Treasury, and that what-
ever we send to or receive from our constituents—
either public documents, letters, or speeches—shall
be paid out of the contingent funds of the House
ana Senate.
The other provisions of my amendment are
nearly similar to those contained in the bill pro-
posed by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and, without entering at this time
into any further explanation of it, I will offer it
as an amendment to the substitute of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. Ashmun'i substitute was then read, as fol-
lows:
A BILL ft* the reduction of postage on letters, periodicals,
and pamphlets.
Be it inacM by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United State* of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and alter the first day of July next the
postage on all letters shall be as follows: AH letters, not
exceAing half an ounce in weight, conveyed any distance
within the United States, shall be chanted with two cents
postage, and a like sum for ever}- additional half ounce, or
fractional part thereof, the postage being prepaid in all
cases; and all drop letters, or letters to be delivered at the
office where deposited, shall be charged with one cent1
postage, to be prepaid.
Sac. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster General to provide suitable letter
stamps for the prepayment of postage, of the several de-
nominations of two, four, and ten cents, and such others as
he may deem expedient, and cause them to be furnished
and kept for sale in each of the post offices of the United
States; and any deputy postmaster who shall fail by his
own neglect to have the same for sale, to any person ap-
plying therefor, shall be liable to a penalty of five dollars
for every such failure, to be recovered bv the person so ap-
plying. That any person who shall counterfeit, alter, or
forge, any letter stamps, or shall knowingly have in bis
possesion any Bach false, forged or altered letter stamps,
with latent to sell or ase the same as genuine, shall be
deemed to be guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine
not exceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not
exceeding five years.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the postage on
newspapers shall be charged, for any distance in the United
States, one cent; and periodicals and pamphlets shall be
charged half a cent for each ounce, and the same for eveiy
additional half ounce or fractional part thereof; handbills
and circulars shall be charged letter postage, prepaid, and
all newspapers not sent from the office of publication shall
be charged one cent, prepaid: And provided, also, That
bound books may be carried in the mails on prepayment
of one cent per ounce.
#8ec. 4. Jlnd be it fwrther enacted, That if the pub-
lishers of newspapers, periodicals, and pamphlets, desire
to prepay the postage on depositing them at the post office
they shall be allowed a discount of fifty per cent, for all
such newspapers, periodicals, or pamphlets, deposited and
paid for.
Sec. 5. -dud be it further enacted, That if by reason
of this act, the compensation of any deputy postmaster
shall be reduced below the prepeat rate, the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized, at his discretion, to Increase
such compensation as far a* justice fiiay require, having
regard for the amount of labor, and the character of the
service performed: Provided, That the whole amount of
compensation in any year shall not exceed the amount al-
lowed in the same office in the fiscal year ending the first
day of July, 1850; and whenever a new post office shall
be established, the Postmaster General may fix the amount
of annual compensation of the deputy postmaster, at a rate
not larger than is allowed to existing offices requiring the
same amount of service.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be tile
duty of the Postmaster General, at all post offices where
the postmasters are appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States, to provide for conveying letters to the post office
by establishing suitable and convenient places of deposit,
and by employing earners to receive and deposit thein in
the post office, and at all such offices it shall also be his
duty to cause letters to be delivered by suitable carriers, to
be appointed by him for that purpose, for which not ex-
ceeding one cent shall he charged; and on advertised let-
ters there shall be an additional charge not exceeding one
cent.
Sec. 7. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the franking
privilege, except so fnr as it may have been conferred by
Congress upon individuals as a mark of respect and honor,
is hereby abolished, and the postage on all documents pub-
lished by either House of Congress, and all communica-
tions to or from either House, mailed during the session,
including speeches delivered therein, and all communica-
tions to and from the officers of either House upon public
service, shall be paid out of the contingent funds of the
respective Houses, under such regulations as each House
shall prescribe for itself; and all communications to and
I from the general departments of the Government, property
; chargeable to the public service, shall be marked as such,
and the postage thereou be paid like other contingent ex-
; penses of the Government.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the PostmoS-
j ter General be, and he is hereby, authorized to draw upon
. \ the Treasury, under such checks as are provided in the act
!, of July two, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, entitled " An
i I act to change the organization of the Post Office Depart-
! mem, and to provide more effectually for the settlement of
the accounts thereof," or by any other law any amount
exceeding the actual postages of the year, which may be
needed lor any of the purposes specified in the second
section of the act of eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
aforesaid: Provided, The same shall not, in addition to the
actual amount of postages, exceed the aggregate sum ap-
propriated in each year, under the third section of the said
act of eighteen hundred and thirty-six; and such differ-
ence between the actual amount of postages and the
amount appropriated by law, shall be paid, on the requisi-
tion of the Postmaster General as aforesaid, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the directors of
tlic Mints in the United States are authorized and reqiffred
to coin pieces of the value of two cents, composed of three
parts silver and one part alloy, which shall be a lawful
tender for all debts due to the Government of the United
States, and to individuals, persons, and corporations.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts, or
parts of acts inconsistent with this act, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
1 The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Bttrt) remarked that
! the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio was not
! now in order, and that therefore an amendment to
it was not in order. It was first in order to amend
the sections of the bill reported by the committee,
proposed to be stricken out, so as to perfect that
bill; and having acted on all these amendments,
the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio would be
in order, and then the gentleman from Massachu-
setts could offer his amendment to that amend-
ment.
Mr. ASHMUN. I think, if the Chair will re-
, fleet a moment he will see that it is in order to
j submit amendments both to the substitute and to
| the original bill. The difference between the Chair
and myself is this, that it will be perfectly in order
J for any gentleman to propose to amend the ori-
' ginal bill, and that amendment to the original bill
| must unquestionably be first acted on, but it is
: perfectly in order to propose to strike out or to
i amend the substitute for the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that no
practical difficulty can arise, whether thS gentle-
man from Massachusetts be correct or the Chair;
but the practice unquestionably is, and so is the
parliamentary law, that the question shall first be
taken on the amendments to the original bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts will perceive,
that if the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Potter] was nowin order and wasthe pefld-
: ing question, there could be no amendrtient to the
I original bill whatever until it had been acted on,
! because the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is as far as amendment can pro-
ceed, so the there could not be an opportunity of
acting on amendments to the original bill.
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not wish to make issue
with the Chair, although I think he is in error.
The principal reason why I desire to offer my
amendment at the same time as that of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is, in order that the parallel
propositions may be before the committee before
the discussion proceeds further.
' The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
' gentleman shall be read if he desires it.
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not wish to take up time
in reading. I desire only that it may be before the
Committee, and it was for that purpose that I in-
troduced it at this stage of the discussion.
Mr. DUER. Has any amendment been offered
yet to the original bill?
Several Members. No; none.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to offer one.
1 Mr. ASHMUN. If the Chair rules my amend-
ment out of order, I desire to move an amendment
to the first section of the original bill. I move to
strike out the first section of the bill, which pro-
vides for a three cent postage, and insert in lieu
thereof what I have sent to the Chair.
Mr. CARTTER, (interposing.) I wish to un-
derstand from the Chair whether the amendment
I have offered to the first section of the bill is in
i order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly. It is an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill. The Chair
1 decides upon the same principle which guided his
I decision in the case of the gentleman from Massa-
! chusetts. What the gentleman froih Ohio signi-
I fied his intention to do, is to move to amend the
| first section of the bill. The amendment of the
I gentleman from Massachusetts is to strike out and
; insert. Before that motion is put, it is in order to
' perfect the section proposed to be stricken out by
amending it.
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not doubt that at all,
but I desire to present my amendment now, in or-
der that it may be before the committee. I ask
that it may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, tfc., That from and after the first day of
July next, the postage nn all letters shall be as follows:
All letters not exceeding half an ounce m weight, conveyed
any distance within the United States, shall be charged
with two cents postage, and a like sum for every addi-
tional half ounce, or fractional part thereof, the postage be-
ing prepaid in all cases; and all drop letters, or letters to
be delivered at the office where deposited, shall be charged
with one cent postage, to be prepaid.
Mr. VENABLE rose and said:
Mr. Chairman; I feel that the subject now un-
der consideration is one of deep and abiding inter-
est. In the history of this system of intercommu-
nication by means of mails there have been many
popular errors which experience has exposed-
There is nothing more instructive than the study
of the progress and the development of this great
design for the civilization of man." The time is
not allowed me, nor is the occasion a proper one,
to go into these incidents, however interesting in
their character or instructive in their effects. I
shall only remark, that of all the conservative
policies which have been adopted for ameliorating
the burdens of Government and ministering to the
perfection of social institutions, none can be com-
pared with this. And it is a little remarkable that
there should be objections found amongst those,
whose views on kindred subjects are so clear and
so convincing. Gentlemen havefor years labored
to prove that a low tariff increases revenue, because
the expenses of the machinery of collection are
but little increased, whilst the consumption of the
subjects of import is incalculably enlarged. This
argument prevailed at last, and the tariff on im-
ports was reduced. The result, in the increase of
revenue, justified the anticipations and confirmed
the conclusions of the friends of that measure.
What, sir, is the difference between an impost on
# yajrd of cloth or of ribbon, and the postage on
a letter? Each is a tariff—the one on physical
necessities, or the demands of luxury; tnesother
upon the affections of the heart, and the blessings
of civilization. The high postage of 1844 and
previous years, was reduced in 1845. The people,
not accustomed to the benefits, and long unused to
the burdens of correspondence, did not avail them-
selves of the advantage at first, and the first year
showed a decline in the revenue; but it has since
steadily increased, and has shown a surplus above
the expenditures. Such will be the result of a
further reduction, reasonable, not extreme, or else
the experience of the present and the history of
the past are unsafe guides in our conclusions con-
cerning the future. The popular error which
j seems to influence some gentlemen on this subject
; is, that the consequence of a reduction of postage
will be the denial of mail facilities to those dis-
tricts of country where the population is. sparse.
What is the language of experience since the re- .
duction of postage? Since 1845, the era of reduc-
! tion to five and ten cents, the post offices have
I been increased twenty per cent., and the number
! of miles traveled five per cent. Still the revenue
| increases, and the means of communication are en-
[ larged. But, sir, the error is in this: the high
; postage will decrease the income by curtailing
i correspondence; and if the principle is adopted
| that the Post Office must be a self-sustaining
machine, the sparsely-settled districts must l.e
denied the benefit of the mails. Besides, the
loss on dead letters must be greatly increased.
] Under the old system of twenty-five cents, one
i dead letter made as great a loss as five under a uni-
form system of five cents postage. If this be not
a fair statement of the case, the unfairness must
consist in assuming that cheap postage does not
increase the amount of correspondence. This as-
j sumption must be made by those who oppose re-
I duction; for if there is an increased correspondence
i only in proportion with the reduction of postage,
| the revenue cannot suffer; it will remain the same,
i Put if it be increased beyond that amount, the
j increase of revenue must keep pace; so that there
must be more than five times the amount of dead
j letters under the low than the high system of post-
