1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TS
this change will be merely nominal. Suppose
every paper to weigh one ounce, (which is too large
an estimate,) the whole increased weight,per week,
for the entire number of the country circulation,
will be less than thirty-five thousand pounds per
week, or less than six pounds per route, on the six
thousand mail routes of the country, and only
require the deputy postmasters to distribute about
thirty more papers each per week; and all this ad-
ditional service is to be performed in the interior
of the country, where weight of the mails does not
to any considerable extent enter into the consid-
eration of the price paid for its transportation,
and when the increased amount of service required
of the postmasters will not call for any change in
the rate of compensation. If seven or eight hun-
dred thousand papers can be secured to the mails,
as they certainly can by this change, in the room
of a loss to the Department, there will be a gain of
at least $50,000 annually, and the postmasters in
the place of receiving fifty per cent, on an average
of two country papers eacn, will receive that per
cent, on at least fifteen times that number.
In every point of view in which this question
can be presented, I think no enlightened mind can
fail to see the advantages of the change, both to
the revenues and to the people.
A well-regulated, well-sustained, widely-circu-
lated free press at this day and in this country
enters into the very organism of society. It is no
longer an incident, but an element in this common-
wealth. Its pulsations Me felt alike amid the
throng, and the homes of, and the firesides of, the
whole country. It is not only the daily compan-
ion of the man of business, the politician, the
statesman, and hero, but of the philosopher, the
moralist, the christian—of the man who thinks to
read and reads to think.
To aid, by ail just legislation, to send abroad
this great ministerof light and knowledge, is a duty
so plain it will admit of no illustration. In what
can we better serve our constituents than by the
{Jftssage of a measure like this?
Mr. SACRETT offered the following amend-
ment:
Strike out from the second section the follow-
ing:
" From the office of publication to any place out of the
State where published, the sum of one cent; and for any
such newspaper delivered within the State where pub-
lished, the sum of one-half cent; and for each newspaper
of larger dimensions than above specified, shall be charged
with an additional rate for each additional nineteen hun-
dred square inches or fraction thereof'—
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
" To any place out of the State where published, one cent
postage, and for every such newspaper transmitted through i
the mails out of the county where published, in the same
State, there shall be charged one-lialf cent postage; and for
every newspaper transmitted through the mails in the
county, or within thirty miles of the place where published,
two mill* postage."
At the end of the second section:
"jlnd yrvvided, furtkcr, That newspapers delivered in
the county, or within thirty miles of the place where pub-
lished, shall be chargeable with only two mills postage for
each paper."
Mr. BROW^T, of Indiana. I am desirous, Mr. >
Chairman, of occupying the time of the committee
for a few moments on the subject that is now under
consideration. The more so, as circumstances
have made me familiar with many of its details
and arrangements, and the effects and results of
the present system. I therefore feel it to be incum-
bent on me to present my views to the committee. [
1 have, Mr. Chairman, an amendment which I
propose to submit to the committee, if it is in or-
der, intended as an amendment to the first section
of the bill. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana is not in order now. The gentleman can, how-
ever, send his amendment to. the Chair. !
Mr. BROWN. My motion is to strike out the |
whole of the first section, and insert in its place
the amendment I propose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman's amendment is not now in order.
If, however, he will send it to the Chair it can be
read. j
Mr. BROWN, (resuming.) Mr. Chairman, I
am an advocate for the system of low postage upon 1
the same principle, so justly and appropriately
urged by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venabi.e,] that I would vote for a low tariff \
tax. I do not think in the one case, (the case of j
the tariff,) that we should levy any more duty than <
may be necessary to support an economical admin-
istration of the Government. Upon the same
principle I am in favor of so graduating our postal
I: system as to produce revenues sufficient to main-
j tain and support the Post Office Department, and
' no more. I desire the Clerk to read the amend-
! ment which I have sent to the Chair, and which I
intend to offer as an amendment to the first sec-
tion of the bill. **
The Clerk read the amendment as follows:
Strike out the first section of the original bill
and insert the following in lieu thereof:
" That from and afterthe thirtieth day of June, J851, let-
ters carried in the mail of the United States shall be charged
with the following rates of postage: On all letters not ex-
ceeding half an ounce in weight five cents, and for every ad-
ditional lialfounce or fraction thereof, there shall be charged
the like sum of five cents additional, and all drop letters
two cent*."
Mr. BROWN, (in continuation.) Mr. Chair-
man, that rate of postage I am satisfied would sup-
port and sustain an economical administration of
the Post Office Department. That Department is
the only one in this Government which is managed
with strict economy. And why ? Because it is
thrown upon its own resources. Each Postmaster
General is ambitious; he is envious to show, by
his annual report, that his administration of the
Post Office Department has been as economical as
that of his predecessors. It may be, and I believe
it will bp, found that in a few years we may be
enabled to reduce the postage on letters to three
cents; but I am for testing this by experiment; for
adopting at this time a system that we are con-
vinced, from data before us, will maintain and sup-
port that Department of the Government, without
throwing it upon the Treasury. If by anv system
that you adopt, the expense of the Post Office De-
partment is thrown upon the General Treasury,
you tax the great agricultural districts of this
country for the benefit of the cities—for the benefit
of the mercantile and commercial interests of the
country.
Mr. Chairman, in the great cities of New York
and Boston there are resrularly-organized cheap
postage associations. Under the auspices of this
organization, printed petitions have been sent
through all parts of the country, praying that Con- ,
gress may reduce the rate of postage to two cents. '
These petitions are sent tq merchants, lawyers, '
: bankers, traders, and indeed to all who are in-
' terested in a reduction of postage. They are pre-
sented to honest farmers vn the country, with the
question: Are you in favor of a reduced rate of
postage? The answer they receive is, yes; but
they take good care not to tell them that when they
sign this petition they sign a petition which prays
Congress to levy a tax upon them, to aid in sup-
porting that system. j
Now, one of the chief arguments which has
been urged by the advocates of two and three
cent postage, is the manner in which the reduction
of postage in England has operated. There they
have a uniform rate of two cents, under the
penny postage system. Before the adoption of
that system, the post office in England was looked
unon as one of the sources of revenue; for, origin-
ally, under the high postal system, it produced a
revenue of #8,00(1,000 annually, but upon the re-
duction what was the result?. The result was,
that instead of producing a revenue, it fell below
the actual expenses of their postal system.
The first year, the reduction was over four mil-
lions of dollars. It is now in the neighborhood
of two millions, and it will be remembered that
their system is based on false estimates, because
the reports which I have before me show that only
the land mail service is charged to the Post Office
Department proper. In England all mails that
are carried upon water, whether carried by steam-
boats or sailing vessels, for the shortest distance,
are charged to the marine service of the country;
and that in 1847 amounted to something near seven
hundred thousand pounds sterling. Now, what is
the system adopted in this country ? All our steam-
boat mail service is charged to the Post Office De-
partment, with two exceptions. We have a mail
carried in steamboats from Washington to Acquia
creek; if we followed the English system, that
would be charged to the Navy. They call such
service the home stations.
Then it will be remembered that the English
foreign postage is the highest foreign postage in
the world. The revenue arising from their foreign
postage is immense. Besides, they receive a reve- >
j nue from a system of registry. For instance: a
J gentleman goes to the Post Office to deposit a letter
containing money, and, in order that it may be
transmitted safely, or at the risk of the Department,
he is obliged to get it registered. For this he is
chawed a fee of one shilling, or twenty-four cents,
which goes to make up the revenue of the Post
Office Department. Now England isa small coun-
try, having only an area of about one hundred and
sixteen thousand square miles. She has no unpro-
ductive mail routes. Itisadensely-populated coun-
try • There is not a single mail route in all England
that does not pay, or more than pay, its expenses.
Such is not our condition. "We have a wide-
spread. country, extending from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. And here let me say, that I would
make no difference between letters mailed between
Philadelphia and New York; and those conveyed
to the extremest portion of the Union; and I would
not inquire whether the routes supported them-
selves, as is the practice of the Department. This
I is a false system. It is the great terminating, and
not the intermediate points that pay. I can take
hundreds of cases in illustration of this; for in-
stance, the mail route extending frym Louisville,
in Kentucky, to Yincennes, in the State of Indiana.
If you examine the receipts of that route you
will find that they do not more than one tenth 
one twentieth part—support that line. And what
is carried by that line? Why, the great east-
ern mail from the eastern States to St. Louis: and
it is the same with regard to the great southern
line, which passes through the States of Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Ala-
bama, to New Orleans. The comparison between
England and this country fails in another particu-
lar. England is densely populated in her agri-
cultural districts. The inhabitants there are prin-
cipally tenants. The landlords live in the cities,
and the sons of the tenants go to work in the com-
mercial marts of the country, in manufactories,
&c., a constant communication is kept up be-
tween the landlord and tenant, and also between
the tenant and the scattered members of his
family who are engaged in other portions of the
island. But it is not so in the agricultural dis-
tricts of our country. Here the farmer, with his
family around him, lives in a state of almost patri-
archal simplicity, and seldom has an opportunity
of either reading or writing letters. This reduc-
tion of the postage will not, therefore, very greatly
facilitate or increase the number of letters he will
write, or tend to enlarge the amount of his episto-
lary correspondence.
Now, I propose, Mr. Speaker, to make the rata
of postage uniform throughout the Union, at five
cents.
The three cent system, if adopted, will require
about a million of dollars from the Treasury.
Major Hobbie, in 1849, made a very careful, and
what I regard as the very best report that has been
made upon that subject. It was based upon his
long experience as an officer of that Department.
He shows there by estimates, that if the three cent
system were adopted, and the franking privilege
abolished, and Government paid annually the post-
age upon all mail matter sent out from the public
offices and Departments of Government, that for
the first year it would require a million of dollars
to be appropriated from the National Treasury.
There is now an accumulation, or rather there
will beat theend of the present fiscal year, of some-
thing more than one million of dollars surplus reve-
nue in the Post Office Department, and that will
require to be appropriated, or at least a very large
proportion of it will necessarily be used, for the
maintenance of the Post Office Department, if you
reduce the rates of postage as proposed to five cents
per letter uniform. With this balance, and by the
Government making the annual appropriation to
pay forthe transmission of their own matter through
the mails, a uniform system of five cenff postage
can be adopted, and the Treasurer never be called
upon for a single cent to support the Post Office
Department. And to this standard, in my opinion,
it will be our interest, both in view of economy
and convenience, to come. We should so arrange
and regulate the postal machinery of the country,
that the Department shall never look to any other
source than its own proper revenue for its sup-
port and maintenance. In doing this, if I made
any further reduction, I would make it upon the
newspapers of the country. Our people at the ■
present moment enjoy the luxury of a newspaper
