78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
at Benicia, the dinner and supper having been 1
cooked by his beautiful and accomplished lady,
and placed before us to help ourselves. 1 could
name numerous other instances of peculiar hard-
ship, hut I hope 1 have said enough to induce early
and prompt action on the subject by the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
PRINTING OF LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That fire thousand extra copies of the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office be printed—
one thousand of which shall be for the u.-e of the General
Land Office.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PHELPS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill changing the places
for holding the Circuit and District Courts of the
United States in the District of Vermont.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. ATCHISON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting to
the State of Missouri a right of way and a por-'
tion of the public land for the purpose of aiding
in making a railroad from St. Louis to the west-
ern limits of said State: which was read a first
and second time bv its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to increase
the salarv of the Judge of the Criminal Court of
the District of Columbia; which was read twice
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOTE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Charles D. Arfevedsen, late a Charge d'Affaires
ad interim of the United States at the Court of
Norway and Sweden: which was read a first and
second time by its title and referred to the Com-
mute on Foreign Relations.
INSANE PATIENTS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Whitcomb on the 16th instant, was considered
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior inform the
Senate of the number of insane persons at present supported
by the United States in the lunatic asylums of Maryland ;
the cost of transporting the same from the District of Co-
lumbia, and the annual expense of each person.
MISSION TO AUSTRIA.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. j
Cass on the 16th instant, came up for considera-
tion:
Retolted, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
Senate copies of any correspondence, if any has taken place, ;
between tile Department of State and the Austrian Charge
d'Affiures, respecting the appointment or proceedings of the
agent sent out to examine and report upon the condition
and prospects of the Hungarian people during tlieir recent
strugg!e_for independence.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, let that resolution
lie on the table for a day or two. I have received
information from the Senator from Connecticut
{Mr. Smith] which affords me pleasure, and I
doubt not it will the Senate, as it may be an indi-
cation of the Executive action. I am informed that
the Charge d'Affaires to Vienna, Mr. McCurdy,
though some time appointed, has not yet taken his
departure. I hope, therefore, that this resolution
will lie over for the present.
It was laid over accordingly.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
The following resolution,reported by Mr. Hun-
ter, from the Committee on Finance, came up for
consideration:
" No amendment shall be received fo any general appro-
priation bill unless it be made to carry out the provisions of
Mlne exi-ting law, or some aet or resolution previously
passed by the Senate during that session, or in pursuance
of an estimate from the head of some of the Departments;
and no amendment shall be received whose object is to
provide for a private claim, although the same may have
been previously sanctioned by the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
LAN.D TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN gave notice that on Monday next
he would call up for consideration the bill to ascer-
tain and settle the private land claims in the State
of California.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution originally proposed by Mr. ,(
Bradbury:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be |
laid before the Senate all charges which have been pre-
ferred or filed in any of the Departments against individuals
who have been removed from office since the 4th day of
March la-t, with a specification of the cases, if any, in
which the officers charged have had opportunity to be
heard, and a statement of the number of removals made
under each Department, including subordinates in the cus-
tom houses and other branches ot the public service.
For this resolution, when under consideration
on the 12th instant, Mr. Bradbury substituted an
amendment in these words:
" That the President be requested to cause to be laid be-
fore the Senate a list of all the officers of the Government,
who derived tlieir appointment from the nomination of the
President and the concurrence of the Senate, who have
been removed from office since the 4tli day ot March, 1849,
denoting in each list their names and grades and the dates
of their removal; also a statement ot the number of re-
movals of other officers under each Department, including
subordinates in the custom-houses and other branches of
public service."
To this Mr. Underwood offered the following
amendment, which is now the pending question:
" Aud that the President be also requested to furnish the
Senate with the number of removals which have taken
place during each Administration in every Department of
the Government since the 4th of March, 1835."
Mr. DAYTON. If no gentleman desires to
speak on that resolution, I move to lay it on the
table, and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I trust the Senator from
New Jersey will withdraw that motion, in order
to allow me to submit a few remarks.
Mr. DAYTON. As the Senator desires to
make some remarks, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WHITCOMB addressed the Senate at some
length in defence of General Lane, to whom al-
lusion was made when this subject was last under .
consideration. His speech, which was sent for
revision, will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I think it
verjkprobable that the prediction which I made as
to the length of time this resolution will occupy is
on the point of being verified. But I wish to say
a word upon the matter to which the Senator from
Indiana has referred, and I wish it to be under-
stood that in any expression of opinion I may
make upon this occasion I am as disinterested as
any gentleman on this floor. The last Administra-
tion was not a special favorite with me. Besides,
Gen. Lane, I believe, was of North Carolina birth,
and has many friends in that State, whom I have
the honor to represent oh this floor, and who sym-
pathize in everything that is attached to him, or
that can affect him in the slightest degree. He |
has been the "Marion" of the Mexican war. If j
he deserves that reputation, as I hope he does, it Ij
reflects a degree of honor upon his native State. ! I
In reference to his removal from office, I would say
that, according to my construction of Executive
duty and Executive self-respect, there was no alter-
native left with the President of the United States
but to remove him. Sir, if you were the President
of the United States, or if I were the President, nei-
ther of us, I am very sufe, would hesitate to turn
out from a position so highly honorable and re-
sponsible any individual who acted as I understand
General Lane to have acted. It will be remem-
bered, that as far back as the battle of Buena Vista
there were complaints made of some of the troops in
the field. It seems to have been understood or in-
ferred that General Taylor cooperated with those
who expressed an opinion detrimental to the repu- "
tation of some of those troops. My recollection of
this transaction is this, and I may stand corrected
by any gentleman who knows facts better, that
after the appointment of Gen. Lane as Governor
of Oregon, for which position all his qualifications
may have fitted him, he made a publication in an
eminent degree vituperative of the late President of
.the United States. My opinion is, that that pub-
lication went to the extent of impeaching the repu-
tation of Gen. Taylor as a private gentleman. *
Sir, I suppose that if any man, living or dead,
in this country was above all imputations upon
his personal honor or affecting his veracity, Gen-
eral Tayl'or had that character as high as afiyman
ever known in this country, the Father of his
Country alone excepted. If that impeachment of
his veracity was made, it was a reflection upon his
personal honor; and if he should have retained in
an office so high, dignified, and responsible as the
one held by General Lane, any individual that at-
tempted to inflict such an injury upon him, he would
have lost the respect of many of the best friends
he had in the country.
As to the report, I know nothing about it. As to \
General Lane's merits, I am proud to think them
very high. I would not remove a pebble from the
foundation on which he stands, so as to weaken
his position before the public. But men of that
peculiar temperament, who can distinguish them-
selves on the field of battle, may indulge in re-
marks that are highly reprehensible, and of which
they would be ashamed in their cooler moments.
I put this matter upon this ground: if, in any pub-
lications of his, General Lane went to the extent
of impeaching the honor of General Taylor as a
private gentleman, upon the score of his veracity,
then the President owed it to himself, owed it to
his position, owed it to his friends, owed it to a
proper degree of self-respect, to dispense with the
services of that officer.
In the bitterest political contests—and no men
perhaps were assailed, with more fierceness than
the late President and his Cabinet—I have never
vet met the man who uttered an insinuation calcu-
lated to affect the personal honor of that venerable
man—the late President of the United States. His
private character is national property, and was the
crowning glory of his brilliant and useful career.
Mr. CASS. When this matter was before the
Senate a few days ago, the honorable Senator from
Ohio said that I asked him if Colonel Weller
would have been removed if he had been a Whig?
He answered that he would. I wish now to read
the law, and show that he would not have been
removed if he were a Whig. A memorandum has
been given to me by the honorable Senator from
California, from which it appears that Colonel
Weller left the United States on the 2d of March,
left Panama on the 17th May, was removed on
the 26th of June, and arrived at his station on the
6th of July.
Mr. GWIN. He arrived on the 1st of June,
but the commission was not organized until the
6th of July.
Mr. CASS. Here is the law:
" Every officer or agent of the United States who shall
receive public money which he is not authorized to retain
as salary, pay, or emolument, shall render his accounts
quarter yearly to the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, with the vouchers necessary to the correct and
prompt settlement thereof, within three months at least
after the expiration of each successive quarter, if resident
within the United States, and within six months if resi-
dent in a foreign country: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall be construed to restrain the Secretaries of
any of the Departments from requiring such returns from
any officer or agent, subject to the control of such Secre-
taries, as the public interest may require."
So that, according to the very terms of the law
on this subject, Colonel Weller was only to make
quarterly reports, and then not until the end of
the next quarter. This gentleman, then, was not
in office the six months which the law gave him
to make his report before he was removed. He
was removed before he was actually in office six
months. Hence the Senator was entirely wrong
in saying that he would have been removed if he
were a Whig. No chance was allowed him to
render his accounts, and he was removed because
he had not rendered them.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I was not in my '
seat in the Senate on Thursday last when the re-
moval of Colonel Weller from the position of
boundary commissioner was discussed by the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] and the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing.1 On being informed that
the Senator from Ohio had given the reasons for
the removal, I asked him to repeat them that I
might know the exact grounds taken by that Sen-
ator to justify the act. The Senator made a brief
statement, to which I briefly replied. There were
some issues of fact between us, arising on my part
from being entirely unprepared for such a discus-
sion, and no doubt the same cause operated with
the Senator from Ohio. I conceive it to be due to
Colonel Weller to give a more complete refutation
to the charges brought against him, and have ac-
cordingly looked into the documents to which the
Senator referred us, and the result of my exami-
nation I will now lay before the Senate. In the
first place I find from the published debates that
the statement of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ew-
ing,] in reply to the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge,] is much more injurious to the character
of Colonel Weller than what he said in answer to
my inquiry. He is reported in the National Intel-
ligencer to have said as follows:
" As to Colonel Weller, there was difficulty with respect
to him and the execution of his duty. There was an appro-
priation of $50,000 to commence the boundary survey.
That whole sum was expended, and in addition to that, as
