1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
f*r as could be ascertained, some twenty or twenty-five
thousand iMlars wen4 drawn for, and no more work was
done by him than simply to tix tilt: initial point on the Pa-
cific coast; that is. to measure^vo marine leagues south
of the Bay 01" San Diego, erect a rough monument there,
and to find the point of junction of the Gila and the Colo-
rado. The services performed bore no just relation to the
expenditure. In Addition to that, there were heavy com-
plaints asainst him from those that were with him on the
commission of inefficiency and want of attention to his
duty. All these tilings, and more, appear from the papers
accompanying the. reports presented to the Senate, and
gentlemen, if they please to do it, can read and understand
thru).
" I have said thus much, however, not because I wish to
go into particulars, for I do not feel disposed to do that on
a general challenge. 1 want to deal with no man's character;
but, because the case of Colonel \Veller was distinctly and
specifically put, I could uot remain silent without seeming
to admit what was so poiutedly alleged."
Although the Senator says that he wants to deal
with no man's character, yet he has made a terri-
ble onslaught upon Colonel Weller's, and with
what justice the following statement will show.
In the first place, he says the appropriation for
commencing the boundary survey was $50,000,
and that Colonel Weller had expended the whole
sum, " and in addition to that, as far as could be
ascertained, some twenty or twenty-five thousand
dollars were drawn for" by him. This is the
charge, and here is the refutation, made by T.
Ewing, as Secretary of the Interior, in His report
of the 28th February, 1850:
" The sum appropriated by the act of Congress of Augnst
19,1648, towards defraying the expenses of running and
marking the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
was  $50,000
Of this appropiiation Colonel Weller's
drafts have been paid to the amount of .$33,325
Draits have also been presented, but not
yet paid, to the amount of.    14,000
Making the whole amount for which drafts
have been received, paid, and unpaid.. 47,335
Leaving of the appropriation a balance of $2,675
Here it is proved by the Senator himself, while
acting as Secretary of the Interior, that, instead
of having expended the whole sum of $50,000
and drawn for twenty or twenty-five thousand dol-
lars more, Colonel Weller never had but $33,325,
and drew drafts for $14,000 more, which were pro-
tested, and remained under protest for many
months, prostrating his credit as an officer and man,
and subjecting him to heavy pecuniary loss. How
are these extraordinary statements from the same
source to be reconciled ?
See, again, how disparagingly the Senator speaks i
of the important services rendered to the country
by Colonel Weller and his associates in closing
the most difficult part of the labor to be performed
in running this boundary line. He says all that
was done was " simply to fix the initial point on '
• the Pacific coast; that is, to measure two marine
' leagues south of the bay of San Diego, erect a
• rough monument there, and find the point of
•junction of the Gila and Colorado." The Sen-
ator would induce us to believe that this was a
lijht job; but see what the able associates of Col.
Weller on the commission, Major Emory, the as-
tronomer, and Mr. Gray, the surveyor, who with
their assistants did the work, say on the subject:
"The surveys and measurements for defining upon the
ground the southernmost point of this port, the marine
league, and the initial point upon the Pacific, as referred to
....J explora-
tion, with distances determined and topography taken, I
have al««o made of the country approximate to the line be-
tween the Pacific and the mouth of the Giia, being that por-
tion of the boundary separating Upper from Lower Cali-
fornia, (very nearly one hundred and thirty miles in a
utraight line.) Plans of the two extremes of this line, with
tile topography and the country in their vicinity, I have pro-
jected and drawn from my triangulations and surveys, both
of which have been authenticated by the signing of the same
by the commissioners and surveyors appointed under the
treaty."
This is the statement of Mr. Gray, in a letter
dated February 90th, 1850, and addressed to hon-
orable Thomas Ewins;, Secretary of the Interior,
Washington city. In another communication,
dated March 1, Mr. Gray says:
(t My triangulations, surveys, and reconnoissances kept
along with those of the Mexican commission, chiefly from
the fact that the assistants did the ordinary work of em-
ployees. The high rate of wages demanded by laborers, with
the almost impossibility of procuring any at San Diego, was
anticipated from the existing state of things in California,
and hence the advantages derived, undeMhe circumstances,
from the above persons being on the work."
The following is the statement of Major Emory:
" The boundary is an astronomical line, from the initial
point on the Pacific to the junction of the Gila and Colo-
rado. The determination of this line requires the highest
exercise of geodetic and astronomical skill combined. Itis
not the work of a day or a month. The precise latitude and
longitude of the two extremities were to be detcrmiued, or
rattier the difference of latitude and longitude between the
two pouits; with this data the azimuth of the line was to
be computed. Now, the latitude and longitude of these
two points were determined by a series of elaborate obser-
vations, running from the 20th July to the middle of No-
vember. Then an exchange of results took place, and the
chief astronomer on the American side deduced the azi-
muth or direction of the line and proceeded to mark it on
the face of the earth. This determinauou was accepted
by the Mexican commission. The line was then begun to
be run and marked, and was pursued with difficulty, frotu
the rugged nature of the country, but still more from the ab-
sence of funds. The Government not only faiied to send
the funds voted by Congress, and promised in the letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, dated April 19th, but with-
drew from the officer in charge of the commission his mil-
itary command, v^ich, after November, was the only
means lett to prosecute the work. This officer was then
left without anything, and he was compelled to carry on the
work by borrowing money at one place, horses at another,
and provisions at another.
"This line is completed and accepted by the Mexican
commission, and nothing remains but the erection of the
monuments. But whether the monuments arise or not, the
line is irrevocably fixed from beginning to end, and forms
the most important part of the whole boundary—the most
important politically and geographically, and that part in-
volving the highest, and indeed the only high science.
"Not a cent was ever giveu to the people who stood
faithfully by this work under all the excitement of gold;
but, on the contrary, they were cruelly deceived and duped.
The Secretary of the Interior ordered the officer in charge
of the commission to reorganize it. He did reorganize
it, and reported the result, as appears in Ins two letters
dated March and April 2d, published by the Senate, (Part
II.) This, after being approved, was practically repudia-
ted, first, by the failure to send the promised funds; and,
secondly, by the failure of the then Secretary to exhibit to
the new Commissioner this list, in consequence of wliich
they were thrown overboard, after having sacrificed all
their golden visions to a sense of duty."
. After reading these statements, what must be
thought of the statement of the Senator that ** the
service performed bore no just relation to th# ex-
penditure?" The Senator mistakes the distance;
it is one instead of two marine leagues south of the
bay of San Diego. Again, he says: " In addition
to that, there w«re heavy complaints against him
from those that were with him on the commission
of inefficiency and want of attention to his duty;"
in proof of which he says, " All these things, and
more, appear from the papers accompanying the
reports presented to the Senate, and gentlemen,
if they please to do it, can read and understand
them." I have read these reports to find some-
thing to sustain these allegations, but I find noth-
| ing. Here they are, and! challenge the Senator
to point out any paper sustaining them. Who
among his associates on the commission com-
plained of him ? I wish to know their names, and
of what they complain. Let his enemies on the
commission, if he had any, speak out, and they
will be promptly met, and their charges refuted.
Again: the Senator, in reply tQ a request of mine
to repeat the statement he had made, says:
" When the account was received it was ascertained that
the whole amount of money ($50,000) had been expended,
and the only work done up to that time was the fixing of the
point of departure upon the Pacific coast; that is, two ma-
rine leagues south of San Diego, and fixing the point of
junction of the Gila and Colorado. That was the report
received prior to the time of his removal."
*Now, Mr. President, I will turn to these re-
ports, sent to the Senate by T. Ewing, Secretary
of the Interior, and see how this statement tallies
with the facts therein set forth. In Senate Docu-
ment No. 34, page 9, I find the following letters.
I will observe that the date of the letter to Colonel
Fremont, appointing him commissioner, is by
mistake printed the 20th, instead of the 26th, of
June, 1849, the correct date. Here are the letters
to Colonels Fremont and Weller: ♦
u Department of State,
"Washington, June20,18491
"Sir: The President having thought proper to appoint
you Commissioner on the part of the United States for run-
ning and marking the boundary line under the fifth article of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, 1 transmit your commis-
sion in that character. You will also receive herewith a
copy of the several instructions which this Department has
addressed to your predecessor. It is not considered that
you will need any further instructions at this time. I would,
however, invite your special attention to the necessity of the
regular transmission of your accounts and vouchers for their
settlement at the Treasury Department, as those instruc- 1
tions require. Any drafts, also, which you have occasion
to draw on account of the expenses of the commission,
must be addressed to the Secretary of State and not to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
" You will also forward to this Department a full list of
the persons (other than military or naval) in the service of
the commission on our part, with the rates of compensation
allowed to each; and will apprise the Department of any
changes therein which may from time to time take place. !
" Your compensation, as well as that of your predecessor,
will be settled bv Congress at their next session.
" 1 am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
"JOHN M. CLAYTON.
"To J. C. Fremont, Esq.,
" San Francisco, California
" Department or State,
" Washington, June 26, 1849.
"Sir: Your letter from Panama, under date of 20th
March last, marked No. 1, has been received.
" It is to be regretted that you should have omitted to
comply with that part of your instructions which requires
you to furnish the Department with a list of the persons em-
ployed to assist you in the discharge of your duties. In the
absence of such a list, and of the statement of the compen-
sation stipulated to be allowed to each person, it is impos-
sible for the Department to form an estimate of the probable
expenses ofthe commission.
" Your instructions also direct you to transmit vour ac
count of those expenses at the close of every quarter, with
the vouchers requisite for adjustment of the account at the
Treasury. The first quarter since your appointment expired
on the 31st of March last, but, although large sums had been
advanced to you previously to that time", no account or
vouchers in support thereof have yet been received from
you. Under these circumstances, the-Department has
deemed it necessary to suspend the payment of your drafts,
of which a memorandum is subjoined.
" The President having thought proper to appoint Mr. J.
C. Fremont the Commissioner on the part of the United
States to run and mark the boundary line under the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, you will transfer to him all the pa-
pers and other public property in your custody relating to
the duties of that office. Your obedient servant,
"JOHN M. CLAYTON.
" To John B. Weller, Esq."
Here is the correct date of the removal, when
no initial point was established, or the junction of
the Gila or Colorado ascertained; long before it
was known Colonel Weller had arrived in Cali-
fornia, or what he was doing.
Now, Mr. President, I must ask the indulgence
of the Senate while I present a few comments upon
this extraordinary letter to Colonel Weller, dis-
missing him from the public service. It is written
in reply to a letter from Colonel Weller, dated
Panama, Mwch 20, 1849. The first complaint is,
that he had railed to furnish a list of the persons
employed on the commission. Colonel Weller's
letter of the 20th of March explains this most sat-
isfactorily. These employees had not reached Pan-
ama. Some were at Gorgona, and others had not
at that date left the United States. Mr. Gray,
the surveyor, and several of the employees, left
New Orleans on the 21st of March, and arrived
at Panama about the 1st of April. Colonel Wel-
ler states the fact in his letter, and I know it to be-
true, for I accompanied them from New Orleans
to Panama.
Again: he is charged with not rendering his ac-
counts for the quarter ending on the 31st of March,
and this in reply to a letter dated the 20th of
March, the last received from Colonel Weller,
and the only one up to that date he had an oppor-
tunity of transmitting to the Department. W«i
there ever a more infamous attempt to trump up
a reason for a premeditated political proscription'?
It is the most barefaced attempt at imposition I
have ever seen. If the Secretary of State had not
exhibited such hot haste to apply the political guil-
lotine he would have been deprived of all excuse
or apology, by a little delay; for, on the very next
day after the letter of removal was written, June
27th, he received a dispatch from Colonel Weller
making the very return of the names of his em-
ployees which the Secretary had the day before
complained of not having received, accompanied
no doubt by his account and vouchers, which b~
had availved himself of the first opportunity of
forwarding to the Department.
Did the Secretary withdraw the letter of removal
when the reasons assigned for that removal had
been answered by this dispatch of the 15th of
May, 1849,and received at the Department on the
27th of June? Oh, no! but it caused him to indite
another letter to Colonel Fremont, which I will
read to the Senate:
Department or StXte,
Washington, June 98,1849.
Sir : In a letter from this Department, under date of the
36th instant, you were informed of your appointment as
commissioner of the United States, under the fifth article of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. With that letter, one ad-
dressed to your predecessor was also transmitted ; which,
however, it is deemed advisable you should not deliver or
forward to him until you are about to enter upon the duties
ofthe office. The letter for him which is herewith trans-
mitted you will consider as addressed to yourself, when
you shall have communicated to him that above referred to.
I am, respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
JOHN M. CLAYTON.
J. C. Fremont, Esq.
Here is a beautiful specimen of political honesty
