84
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
Dec. 19,
the Senator from Ohio to show within what time;
for without that there can be no limitation.
The law further requires that the removal shall
ta lee place upon the report of the proper officer of
the Treasury, showing the neglect. Was there
any eh report ?
I hazard little in saying that no accounting offi-
cer of the Treasury would have dared to make
such a report, so directly in the face of the law.
Colonel Weller was dismissed for not doing what
the law had not required him to do; and what still
adds'to the injustice of the transaction, is the fact
that these very accounts arrived, with surprising
promptitude, the day after the removal had taken
place; and if their previous non-reception had
been the true ground of removal, that removal
should have been cancelled, and restoration taken
place under the power given to the President, as a
case where full satisfaction had been made. Still,
the Senator from Ohio, who ought to know, says
that politics had nothing lo do with this case. He
will not put the removal on the ground of politi-
cal action, but assails the official conduct and
character of an able and honorable citizen, and
thus adds injustice to a previous disregard of the
law. If the honorable Senator believes that a
Whig would have been removed under these cir-
cumstances, and that the political associations of
Colonel Weller had nothing to do with this act
of the late Administration, I must give him credit
for good intentions, while I think he will find
very few here or elsewhere to agree with him.
3ir. DAYTON. Mr. President, I think it has
become necessary that I should renew the motion
I made at the commencement of this debate, to ■
lay the whole subject on the table. This question
originated in a matter of general politics^ but the
discussion has traveled on until it has become nar-
rowed down to an individual case—the merits or
demerits of Colonel Weller. It seems to me that
the Senate have heard enough on that subject. I
therefore move to lay the whole subject upon the
table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw that motion.
Mr. DAYTON. I will do so, if the Senator
from Indiana will renew it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will, if the Senator insists
upon it.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I have taken
my seat in the Senate to-day for the first time" du-
ring the session, and consequently have had no ■
opportunity of hearing in person the arguments
that have been had upon the resolutions now un- 1
der consideration.' I learn, however, in conversa-
tion with Senators around, and from the remarks
of my colleague this morning, that in discussing
the relative merits of tKe persons removed by the
late Executive, the name of General Lane has
been noticed; and I understand that the Senator
from Ohio illeges that he was removed for causes
not political, but connected with the discharge of
his official duties. I had Ae pleasure of hearing
the remarks of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Mangum] this morning, and he
puts the removal of General Lane upon other and
very different ground than that of the Senator
from Ohio. As I understood the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina, General Lane was re-
moved for the reason that he had given publicity
to falsehoods against the late Executive of the
United States. I will preface what I have to say with
the remark that I am not now prepared to discuss
this question at length; but at a proper time I pro-
pose to do so. I think I can show most conclu-
sively that the Senator from Ohio, to say the least,
is mistaken, and.that General Lane was never re-
moved from office lor a dereliction of his official
duties as Governor of the Territory of Oregon.
I think I can show most conclusively that lie per-
formed his duties while in that positio/i, under the
embarrassing circumstances surrounding him, in
a manner that may well challenge the scrutiny of
all, even those who seek to find fault with him.
I am as conversant with General Lane's official
acta, and perhaps a little more, so, than any gen-
tleman upon this floor. I know the circumstances
under which he took the office of Governor of
the Territory of Oregon. I know something of
the toils and privation he underwent in reaching
his new home in that far-off Territoi'y. I think I
may say, without fear of successful contradiction,
that he performed those duties in u manner highly
I creditable to himself and eminently satisfactory to '
! the citizens of Oregon. Hence, sir, I am unwilP j1
1 ing, as one of his mends, and he one of my most
valued constituents, it should be announced that
he was removed for a failure to perform his duty.
No, sir, he was removed for political considera-
tions—none other—and not for the reason as-
signed by the Senator from Ohio.
I think I am in possession of proof to show
that from the hour that General Lane received the
telegraphic dispatch advising him of his appoint-
ment—and at that time he was a guest in my dom-
icil—until the day he was dispossessed of his
office, no public man ever labored more indus-
triously or faithfully to discharge his duties as be-
came an American patriot than he did. But I do
not' propose pursuing this point at this time.
I now turn for a moment to the remarks made
by the Senator from North Carolina. I say to
him, in all kindness, that he is mistaken when he
charges that General Lane ever made a publication
derogatory to the reputation of General Taylor.
Mr. MANGUM. I have an indistinct recollec-
tion of the circumstances. I heard of the matter
about two years.ago. My impression was derived
from the public prints of tjie country, that not
only a publication was made which reflected upon
General Taylor's personal honor, but went to the
extent of insinuating an impeachment of his vera- ,
city as a gentleman. And I have heard further,
; since I enme into this hall this morning, from a
Senator, that a gentleman in whom he reposed con-
fidence, a man of character, had informed him that
General Lane had repeatedly stated in public ad-
dresses to the people of Indiana, that General Tay-
lor's view of the subject, as presented to.the world,
was false in reference to the Indiana volunteers.
I did not speak upon my own knowledge; I only
assumed that if the facts were so, General Taylor
could not have done otherwise than discharge him
from public service under him.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not misunderstand the
honorable Senator from North Carolina. I did
not say that he had asserted that General Lane
had made such publication, or that he uttered such ,
declarations, but hypotheticaliy that if General
Lane had done so, he ought to have been removed.
I concur with him in that opinion, unless he stated
the truth; but I venture to assert that General
Lane made no such pulsations, and I will say i
; that in the public addresses which I heard General ;
i Lane make—and I heard him on several occasions
: —lie made no such statement as that to which the :
| honorable Senator from North Carolina alluded. I
! If time be extended to me, and I should hereafter !
. go into an investigation of the reports, the unfor- ;
- tunate reports, made in reference to the troops that
volunteered from the State of Indiana, I trust I
shall be able to show that they have been more
misrepresented than any troops that ever took up
arms ill defence of their country. I will go into
that investigation hereafter, if this discussion is
continued. I think I shall be able to show that ,
the fault in that case was not attributable to the
men, to the soldiery, to the volunteers from the
State of Indiana; not attributable to General Tay-
lor; not attributable to General Lane, but attribu-
table to another officer, who gave the order to re-
treat, and concealed that fact from the Commanding
General at the time he made his official report.
And I will here take occasion to remark that a
braver set of men never fought upon a battle-field.
I will call upon the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] a distinguished participant
in ail that occurred, to sustain me. To use his
language, -in talking to* me on the subject some
months since, (and I am sorry that he is not now
in his seat to repeat it:)
" The second Indiana regiment gave that unnr.Utakablc
evidence of bravery that challenges contradiction; it was
the number of dead left upon the ground they occupied."
But, sir, I do not propose following this subject
at this time. I merely rose for the purpose of
asking the Senate to give me an opportunity of re-
plying to so much of the speech of the Senator
from Ohio as charges General Lane with official
negligence as a civil officer, and to disprove the
statements made by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina. I have no doubt they will do so.
I move now, if the Senator from New Jersey in-
sists upon it, that the resolution be laid on the
table. But I hope the motion will not prevail. If
it does not prevail, I wish to move that the reso-
lution lie over for a day or two.
Mr. DAYTON. If the Senator asks as a right,
or as a matter of courtesy, that the resolution lie
over, I am disposed to give him plenty of time. I
therefore withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am very much obliged to the
honorable Senator. I do not claim it as a right,
but I wish to occupy half an hour on this question
so/lie day this week or next. I move the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 19, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BOYD asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce ik joint resolution; which was
read for information, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House 0} Representatives oj
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
William S. Messervy be admitted to a scat on the floor of
the House of Representatives, as J Delegate from the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, with all the rights and privileges en-
joj ed by the Delegates from the other Territories of the
United States. ^
Mr. JONES objected to the introduction of the
resolution. He was opposed to admitting a Del-
egate from any unorganized Territory.
The SPEAlvEI^ said, objection being made theN
resolution could not be received.
Mr. BOYD said, that he had been directed by
the Committee on Territories to ask that that com-
mittee be discharged from the further consideration
of the certificate of election of Mr. Messervy, and
that it be referred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER said, that there being no ob-
jection it would be ordered accordingly.
Mr. BOWLIN inquired whether it would not
be in order to move to suspend the rules, for the
purpose of admitting the resolution of the gentle-
man from Kentucky? [Mr. Boyd.]
The SPEAKER said, that a motion to suspend '
the rules was not in order to-day.
Mr. BOWLIN said that it seemed to him to be
a very plain and simple question. The election
in-this case was held under the regulations of the
territorial government.
Mr. POTTER inquired whether debate was in
order?
The SPEAKER said no debate could be al-
lowed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the unan-
imous consent of the Mouse to permit him to in-
troduce a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting to the States of Arkansas and
Missouri the right of way for, and a portion of
the public lands to aid in the construction of, a
railroad from St. Louis, Missouri, viaLittleRock,
to some point on the Red river, near the town of
Fulton, in the State of Arkansas; and for a branch
of said road in Arkansas to the Mississippi.
Mr. J. said his object was merely to have the
bill referred to a committee.
Objection being made, the bill was not received.
THE CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into
a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Bprt in the chair,) on the special
order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business in
order was the bill to reduce and modify the rates
of postage, upon which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thompson] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said:
Mr. Chairman: When my friend, thehonorable
member from Ohio, [Mr. Cartteu,] moved yes-
terday that the committee rise, after I had obtained
the floor, I had intended merely to submit a prop-
osition for the consideration of the committee on
the subject of low postage. I shall do but little
more now. I propose to amend the bill of the
committee,in substance as follows: That newspa-
pers may be circulated free of postage within the
counties in which they are printed; out of the
county, but within the State, at one half cent post-
age—equaling twenty-six cerrts per year for a
weekly paper; when printed out of the State,
one cent, and transient newspapers two cents each.
This is m substance the proposition I shall have
