86
> THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 19,
Mr. MORSE. I will answer the gentleman's !
question. I was willing'to vote for these armed
vessels, and that their expenses should be charged
to the Treasury of the country, and that they should
be kept, if needed, in the naval service altogether;
Tor I have stated here in my seat, that when we
had acquired immense territories upon the Pacific,
of more than one thousand miles of coast, and gen-
tlemen were anxious,in prospect of the probability
of a war, and it is true we offered to vote the ne-
cessary expenses; and when it was represented
that more steamers were required, I was willing to
vote for them.
Sir, it is true, that it was urged upon us that
such an addition was required to our naval force, :
and that it would be a legitimate arm of the ser-
vice, and we voted a large sum to support a branch
of the naval force, which all the great European
maritime powers are now and have been doing.
We certainly did vote such an amount as seemed
necessary to effect the desired object.
It is true, that if we acquired California and Ore-
gon by treaty or otherwise, or in any other way
induced the citizens of the United States to migrate
• there, it is your duty, under the Constitution, to
provide- them with efficient marine defence, and
also to provide them with a post office and mail
facilities. And in time of war, when the com-
merce of the country requires protection and these
armed steamers are taken into the service of the
United States, it is a perfectly legitimate charge
that the expenses should be placed to the marine
service, and in particular as one of the expenses of
the steam navy.
But I object to this way of concealment, as to
the real condition of the Post Office Department,
so as to make the revenues exceed the expendi-
ture, when a fair and legitimate charge, that really
belongs to this Department, is placed to another
Department, whilst all the receipts are placed to
the credit of the Post Office Department.
Sir, I must be very unfortunate to differ on al-
most all occasions from my friends,and findmyself
compelled to oppose many of the great reforms
demanded by the public. If we were to listen to
and believe all that gentlemen urge on the floor of
this House in reference to this subject, we might
suppose that Government had nothing to do but
to furnish reading matter for all the people of the
United States. No one can object to our people
being supplied with healthy reading; but 1 am
sure that all who are eager to obtain it, and are
likely to be benefited by it, are willing to pay
reasonably for it
I believe a reform is needed, and I am for put-
ting the mail service as low as can be—as low as
is consistent with the expenditure of the Depart-
ment. Sir, the people have no right to come and
ask this House to furnish them with reading mat-
ter at the national expense. If there are good
papers in their various districts, the people will
have them^ but if the cities furnish a better mate-
rial and they choose to pay for it, let them have
it. What right have you to tell a man what he
shall read ? Let him be free in this respect. What
matters to us whether his paper comes from New
Orleans, or from any of the other cities of the
United States—let him discriminate for himself.
But, gentlemen talk of protecting the country
press from the.unequal competition to which it is
exposed with th^ city papers. Now, sir, I am
utterly opposed to protection of any kind, whether
it be protection for iron, sugar, or cotton; or for
newspapers, or literature, or political opinions,
that may be diffused. Political knowledge is as
much an article of purchase as anything else, and
should always be worth the money paid for it.
I say, sir, then, that the press have no right to
send their papers free, any more than I have a
right to send my confidential letter. Not in the
least degree has he a better right. It is not a right
principle. Now, sir, I am not for drawing a dis-
tinction between particular classes of the people
in the United States; on the contrary, I am op-
posed to it. Sir, it is the duty of this Congress to
make the expense of this Department least onerous
upon those people who are the least able to pay it.
There should be no distinction of classes in the
tariff on letters.
What, after all, sir, is all this clamor for a re-
duction of the postage? Where does it come
from? How is it operating? How kas this pub-
lic sentirtient been generated? Why, sir, in the
large cities. They have large meetings held, and
I magnificent resolutions are passed in favor of a re- j
| duction. Now, I am willing that these gentlemen '
' should send out their circulars over the country,
I willing that newspapers should be circulated in the j
country at the least possible price. But, sir, the ;
agricultural portion of this community, the farm-
ers, the hard-working men, who are taxed as
heavily, and yet receive but one, or two, or three
letters per year, do not ask for this reduc-
tion. Certainly, if the question be put to them in
the abstract, " Are you in favor of paying five and
ten cents on letters for which you are now paying
twenty-five cents?" the reply would undoubt-
edly be, "Yes." And they are thus induced to
! send petitions.
But recollect, that if you throw the expense of
this Department upon the Treasury, every man,
every property-holder according to his means,
whether he only receives an occasional letter from
' his friend or relative in a distant part of the coun-
try, or has a multitude of business letters, circu-
i lars and cards, continually coming to and mailed
from him, all are taxed alike to meet the expense,
an expense which is almost solely incurred for the
benefit of the merchant, whose business cards,
circulars and letters are thus distributed over the
land; and he gets paid for every letter he writes.
But the laboring man, the mechanic, who writes
but seldom, is called to pay his full share of the
expenses. His letters are family letters, and the
few he writes he is willing to 4>ay for. The busi-
'I siness circulars, the cards, the three or five hun-
! dred letters that are continually going from the
; great counting-houses of the millionaires, are an
actual source of pecuniary returns. They are, as
I said, paid for every letter they write. They do
1 not receive a letter that does not pay its own post-
age indirectly.
Now we must look at the proofs that render an
experiment safe before we try it. I suppose that
Government—that every man is desirous and
willing to have the letters carried at as low a, rate
as possible. But, sir, I cannot consent to be im-
i posed upon by fraud; I cannot consent to be de-
'■ ceived by misrepresentations that the Post Office
Department is a money-making machine, whilst,
i in reality, the expenditure exceeds the revenue.
I It is not a money-making machine. The Collins
!l line of steamers, the Chagres line, and the Panama
it line, are all charged, as I said before, to the ma-
i rine service, when there iA)o earthly reason why,
if the expenditures be placed to it, the receipts
also should not be placed to the marine service.
I have, Mr. Chairman, on more occasions than
one, been obliged to place myself in opposition to
whatis called the march of improvement and the
advance of free principles in this House at the
risk of being thought crabbed and narrow-minded.
Sir, there is a mistake that I am sorry to see
gentlemen disposed to encourage, and that is a
growing feeling that it is the duty of this Govern-
ment to aid, assist, and help in every way the citi-
zens of this vast country, in all the different de-
partments of industrial life. And, sir, the few
remarks I shall make upon this subject apply with
equal force both to the Post Office Department and
to a great many other subjects'that are urged
upon us by different members of this body. One
would suppose that we were sent here to take care
of the private enterprises of the people of the
United States; that if, by the expenditure of a
million or two of dollars of the public money, we
could aid any particular branch of industry, it was
certainly our duty to do it. •
It is the same feeling that shows itself in the
clamoring of the great cities of the Union for a
reduction of the postage. If a certain class find
they eannot make coal, or iron, or cotton, or
sugar, or manufactured articles without the help
of the Government, they appear to expect it; but,
sir, I do not care what may be the business inter-
ested, Government has no right to meddle in such
a matter.
Sir, suppose the people of Pennsylvania, the
people of Massachusetts, or of Louisiana, can-
.not, by an honest application of their time and
talents, get a living in one department of indus-
try, they must try something else. They have no
right to come up here; least of all, sir, the press
of the United States—the letter-writing commu-
nity; they haVe no earthly business to ask this
Government to help their papers free.
! Sir, I must confess I have no great admiration
{ of the great benefits derived from the press. I
think that, unfortunately, within the last ten years
it has very much degenerated in character, and un-
less some very great reform takes place, the less,
in my opinion, it is circulated, the better for the
happiness, peace, and interests of this country.
Now, if gentlemen are really sincere in their
views, I will test their sincerity, by moving, at the
i proper time, a proviso, that whenever the revenue
i of the Post Office Department shall fall below the
| expenditure, that thepostage shall be brought back
( to the original rates.
| But I have another suggestion to offer, and it is,
: that I shall in due course move a resolution that
[ the Postmaster General shall furnish the House
; with an exact statement of the actual receipts and
j expenses of this Department, in order that we may
i know exactly the state of this Department, and
; see that these various expenses are not charged to
i any other Department.
! Mr. TAYLOR said: I do not desire to occupy
much of the time of the committee; indeed, I
should prefer that we should terminate this debate
and proceed early to the consideration of the busi-
ness before us. But, sir, I do not wish this bill
to pass, without performing what I conceive to
be a duty to the constituents whom I have the
i honor to represent here. I wish to express my
opinion in favor of the reduction in the postage,
as recommended by the Postmaster General and
the President of the United States. Sir, I believe
it will be to the interest of the people generally to
i introduce the system of rates of three cents on
prepaid letters, and five cents on those that are not
prepaid. But, sir, in addition, I intend,at the.
proper time, to introduce an amendment wholly
1 abolishing the postage upon newspapers eircula-
| ting in the county, or within thirty miles, of the
place of publication. Why, sir, in the interior of
, the country and in the western portion of the Uni-
ted States, there are papers that circulate from
fifty to sixty and one hundred miles from the
place of publication; and shall these papers be
taxed as largely as those circulating from the great
eastern pities? It would be exorbitant and im-
proper to place as large a tax upon such papers as
upon the large newspapers published in New
York, New Orleans, Washington, or Philadelphia,
and thus flood the villages of the rural districts
with city papers. This is wrong—the whole press
of the country are crying out against it. I am
opposed to it.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to say a few words?
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly.
Mr. POTTER. Do I understand that my col-
league is in favor of taxing the country newspa-
pers in proportion to the distance within which
they circulate? In the amendment .that I have
offered, I propose to fix the rate for papers circu-
lating out of the State at one cent, ana at a half
. cent on the country paper circulating within the
limits prescribed—this, for a weekly paper, would
make twenty-six cents annually. +
Mr. TAYLOR. -This appears to me to operate
unequally. I see no propriety in taxing the papers
in the rural sections of the country for the benefit
of the great eastern press. In the larger cities
these things are conducted on an extensive scale,
and they are enabled to throw off their newspapers
in immense numbers,and thus can afford a cheaper
paper; and here they are scattered all over the
Union, at a cheaper rate than the papers in the
interior and in the small towns can afford to com-
pete with. Now, I have heard it stated,that it is
not very important whether this country press be
suppressed or'not. I am not of that opinion. I
believe a good newspaper, published in a country
district and circulating from fifteen to thirty miles
around, is valuable, if well conducted,-and it is im-
portant that it should be possible to obtain it at-a
reasonable rate.
In the district I have the honor to represent, I
believe there are about ten papers published, and
! all of them complain of the impropriety of taxing
them in their circulation "at a rate nearly as high
] with those published in the large eastern cities. I
; am for striking off the postage on the country
j papers altogether, when their circulation does not
I extend without thejimits of the county, or within
; thirty miles of the'place of publication. Unless
you throw off the excessive postage from the coun-
| try press, they cannot compete with the large city
j papers, whose increased facilities of production
; enables them to furnish a cheaper article.
