1850,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
There are some Congressional districts in the
United States where there are no newspapers; and
this brings to my recollection an anecdote related
by one of my political friends: that some years
since he was speaking with a gentleman of the
fact, that in certain districts, and in the interior
of the country, there were no newspapers. It
was proposed to aid in the diffusion of political
and other intelligence, by the establishment of a
newspaper, when some gentlemen expressed their
astonishment, and insisted upon it that it was ex-
tremely impolitic, as, if this were adopted, the
people would be enlightened on the political ques-
tions of the day.' Gentlemen would not uphold
the newspapers of the interior of the country.
Well, if they are not worth being upheld, peo-
ple will discriminate for themselves; and should
they decide they are really worthless, they will
discard them. But many of them are well con-
ducted, and convey useful information, intelli-
gence of various descriptions, and agreeable
amusement at the same time, in the districts in
which they circulate. They are proper mediums
of advertisement, and are almost essential in the
transaction of business. There is not an intelli-
gent man in the western country but would pre-
fer patronizing his own newspaper, which circu-
lates in his own county, is identified with the
interests and social relations and business of the
district, to taking a paper from some of the large
eastern cities, in which he is not so immediately
and locally interested.
Mr. Chairman, I perceive by the report of the
Postmaster General, that the income of the Post
Office Department is $5,552,000, and more, and
' that the expenditure of that Department in a like
period is $5,212,953; leaving, as an excess of re-
ceipts over expenses, a sum of about $300,000 in
that Department alone.
This is one reason -why I wish to see a reduc-
tion in postage. I think that it could be reduced
fairly and safely to three cents on prepaid, and
five cents on unpaid letters; and I have confidence,
sir, in the man who administers the gournment
of the Post Office Department—the POTtmaster
General—a man who is known to every member
of this committee to be a highly intellgent, hard-
working, responsible, and trust-worthy man, who
is intimately acquainted with all the details of his
Department. Sir he recommends and thinks
that the rate of postage may be properly reduced
to three cents on prepaid, and five cents on un-
paid letters. I do not think this gentleman would
make this recommendation if ne supposed it
would operate injuriously to the revenue of the
Department, and it is upon the ground that it
will not injure the Post Office receipts that I stand
here to advocate the reduction.
Sir, I see that the President of the United States
endorses this recommendation of the Postmaster
General, and we find the proposed change antici-
pates a probable deficiency in the revenue for the
next year or tw«, and provides for the deficiency to
be made up by an appropriation from the general
Treasury. It has been proposed to abolish the
franking privilege, and that Government should
pay out of the general Treasury the postage of all
letters, &c., mailed from or by public men, and
others authorized now to enjoy this privilege by
the laws of Congress. I think the former prop-
osition, (that of the committee,) should be con-
curred in. I think it the preferable mode. I
am opposed to abolishing the franking privilege.
This enables the people within rentote districts
to keep up an easy and constant and familiar
intercourse with their Representatives. This is
very desirable. And I for one am opposed to
abolish a privilege which I think so materially
tends to facilitate this free and unrestricted inter-
course between the Representative and the con-
stituency.
Certainly, if it were abolished we should be re-
lieved of a great deal of labor. But, for myself,
I am willing to incur this amount of labor, because
of the immense benefit which thus accrues both to
the people, and perhaps, on the whole, to the Rep-
resentative. They are enabled to transmit their
communications, their petitions, their requests,
&c., without the cost of postage, and to receive
the answers without charge.
Besides, this object is as long* as it is broad. It
matters not whether you continue the franking
privilege, or you make an appropriation in its
place out of the public Treasury—it still at last
comes out of the pockets of the people in indirect
taxation. If we abolish it, we, as I have inferred
before, abolish what is one of the most useful
features of the Department. It cultivates and sus-
tains a constant intercourse between the people
; and their Representatives here. It makes the rep-
resentative exercise greater industry; he is com-
pelled to do much more in various ways than he
would in its absence.
Mr. Chairman, I have said a great deal more on
this subject than I intended when I rose. I now
merely, in addition, wish to give notice of an
amendment I propose to offer at the proper time; and
I hope that, after a limited and reasonable amount
of discussion, we may proceed to business, aiid
take the votes on the various amendments. I pro-
pose to offer the amendment I now send to the
Chair, to come in at the tenth line of the second
section of the bill. I ask that my amendment may :
be read for the information of the committee. i
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Ohio will send his amendment to the Chair, it
shall be read. i
The Clerk then read the amendment, as fol- !
lows: * ]
Provided, That no postage shall be charged on any news-
paper within the county in which the same is published,
nor within thirty miles of the place of its publication. (
Mr. GREEN. I am desirous of saying but a <
very few words upon this subject, at the present i
time; indeed, I should not have said anything, :
but that I am anxious that the reduction should |
not be carried.too far, so far that the country dis- |
tricts would have an unequal share of the expenses j
incurred to pay in proportion to the amount of
benefit derived to them by the proposed alterations |
in the postal rates.
I am in favor of a reduction so far as such a
reduction shall contribute to the increase of mail
facilities, without risking the postal revenues. A
reduction, it is well known, has been heretofore
made, and it is now proposed still further to re-
duce our rates of postage to two or three cents on
all letters, prepaid. In support and defence of
this proposition, Mr. Chairman, wc are referred
to a former example, and to the experience of the"
country, to prove that such reductions have been
! uniformly followed by an increase in the revenues
j of the country, and that by inference it is to be
j expected that a similar result would follow a. like
1 reduction at the present time.
In answer to this I have to state a few simple
facts, which 1 think give a clue to the reason why
the revenues and the Department were sustained un-
der former reductions, and which necessarily grew
i out of those reductions. The cost of the contracts
j for carrying the mails is not so great as formerly;
I and the reason why the cost is not so great is not
because the quantity of mail matter has been di-
minished—for it has undoubtedly been greatly
increased—but because the Department pays ex-
clusive attention to the letting of contracts to con-
tractors for carrying the mails, without any refer-
ence whatever to the carrying and convenience of
passengers. It is by changing the mode of letting
these contracts that they have effected this great
saving. The cost of the transportation of the
mails is diminished: This is an item in which the
expenses have been curtailed. By this method
of administering the business of the Department,
the mail carrying has been done at a much less
cost than heretofore. .
Now, I ask, in reference to this point, in pros-
pect of further reductions, if gentlemen have con-
sidered if any further reduction can be effected,in
the contract for transportation, whether it is sup-
posed that the expenses can be correspondingly
diminished in this way to meet the reduction in the
postal rates? I answer the question myself, and
say it cannot be. You cannot hope to decrease
your expenses in this way. It cannot be, because
the circumstances that rendered it applicable to
former reductions no longer exist. The mail con-
tracts are now let simply with reference to carrying
the mails, and without the most remote view of
rendering accommodation to the traveling public.-
When the high postage of 1844 prevailed, the con-
tracts were let, binding the contractors to provide
accommodation for the transportation of passen-
gers, as well as of the mails. That system has
now been changed, and it appears to me there can
be no further reduction in that particular—that
there can be no further saving to the Department
; in the matter of transportation.
I But, sir, the amount of mail matter has in-
creased, and I admit that it is perfectly reason-
able to assume that with further reductions this
. amount will be of necessity again increased. A
reduction of postage has, undoubtedly, a tendency
to increase the amount of matter to be carried. It
is a principle founded in truth and experience; but
connected with this truth is one equally plain, that
the cost of transporting the mails must also be in-
creased with the increase in the quantity of mail
matter. As the mail matter is now increased, in
* precisely the same ratio must the cost of trans-
portation be increased. Nor is it true thtvt a re-
duction in the postal rates will always cause an
increase in the gross receipts. There is, Mr.
Chairman, a principle connected with the subject
of postage as applicable, as true, and as unvarying,
as the principle that applies to the collection of the
duties on imports.
There is a point in the collection of revenue,
beyond which if you reduce your duties, the rev-
enue must diminish. You may carry it so far as
to diminish the collection of revenue from imports,,
so as to leave the Treasury of the country to be
supplied by direct taxes on the people. The same
principle applies now with equal force to the prop-
osition for the reduction of postage upon letters
' and other mail matter.' The Incest rate at which
the highest revenue will be received, should be
called the maximum rate. You may carry your
maximum rate of reduction so far that the increase
of business will not be corresponding to the amount
of reduction on what is carried. The moment you
go beyond that maximum point, to which I have
referred, your receipts are lost, and the increased-
expenses that will necessarily follow an increase4
amount of mail transportation must be charged to
thegeneral Treasury.
tiut I would submit to the committee, in all can-
dor, that there is a great deal of propriety—that It
is necessary and proper, that we should be ex-
tremely guarded and cautious in making the re-
ductions which are now proposed to be made
upon the mail matter carried. If we go beyond
the maximums,so as to fix the rates so low that the
Department ceases to be self-sustaining—if we go
so far in the reduction thai the postal receipts will
not pay the expenses of this institution, it may
cause such a reaction in public sentiment in rela-
tion to this question, as to throw us back ten or
fifteen years in the gradual reduction of our postal
rates. In such a case, should quch results follow
any undue system of reduction, we of necessity
impose a burden upon the Treasury, and there-
fore, indirectly, upon the tax-payers of the coun-
try. I am sure that such a result is not contem-
I plated or desired by any member.
j These are the reasons of an increase in revenue,
' which account for that increase following the re-
duction of 1844-'5, and which do not, I think,
and cannot exist at the present moment, to their
full extent.
1 The first cause, the decrease in the cost of
transportation, does not apply to all; and the sec-
ond, the increase of mail matter, only applies in a
very partial degree. I am inclined to think that a
uniform rate of postage of five cenis upon all let-
ters would be amply sufficient, and would be
found to work well. And if, in the course of
time—perhaps in six or twelve months, or in two
, years—the experience that has followed all our
, experiments in reduction, warrant us in presum-
! ing that it may be proper again to reduce, let us
try the experiment of**reduction. I am content to
fix the rate at any price, I do not care what, so
that we keep within safe bounds. Even should .
i the receipts be barely sufficient to meet the ex-
E: enses of that branch of the Government, I should
e satisfied.
But, sir, there is a third cause, that accounts
1 for the fact that the law of 1844 was sustained,
: which I believe does not exist now; at least, not
I at all, except in a sense that I do not think any
gentleman would wish it to apply. It was the
curtailment, the tofal abolition of many mails in
; different districts, where such mails did not pay
their own expenses. But I know that even,
I gentlemen who vote for the greatest amount of
reduction, are still desirous that the mail facil-
ities, both to the great cities and to'the more
sparsely populated districts, should be increased
and extended, rather than in the smallest de-
gree diminished; they are anxious that no wrong
should be done to the people in the country,
