£8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
they are willing to frame unit ado^t a system
which shall) if possible, sustain itself, and at the
same time secure to every portion of the country
of all postal facilities, as much to tho&e engaged
in agriculture as those whose correspondence is
more extended. They will admi^ that they are
equally entitled to the greatest amount of mail fa-
cilities that their wants and the abilities of the
country will warrant. Now, sir, it is v. ell known
to all who hear mc, that under the law of 1645
—the reduced system of postage—that no mail
contracts were let out in the western country, and
the thinly-populated districts generally, unless the
niail lines thus contracted, could he made to pay
the cost of transportation.
If, sir, that principle is to be followed hereafter—
if it is to be carried out in future lettings of eon-
tracts—if it is to be applicable under the operation
of this law, you may bring down die rates of
postage to one cent, in perfect confidence that the
receipts will pav the cost of transportation, be-
cause every mail line that did not receive sufficient
encouragement to pay the cost of transportation
• would be abolished; and you would thus, doubt-
less. abolish many of the mail lines through the
agricultural and rural districts. Only those mail
lines would be continued in existence that would
pay the cost of transportation.
But, sir, what would be the effect of the opera-
tion erf this principle r Why, you first destroy
one mail line and then another, and thus you
go on until you leave but a few of the principal
prominent mail routes in existence. I say only
a few, bccause I feel certain, that with a great-
ly reduced rate of postage, the vast majority, es-
"pecially of the rural mail routes, would not have
receipts sufficient to meet the cost of transporta-
tion; therefore, not being able to support them-
selves, they would, as I have said, be abolished.
# No man, I am sure, is desirous of depriving
any part of the country, by an undue reduction
of the rates of postage, of mail facilities. I beg
of gentlemen, therefore, not to reduce the rates so
low as to drive the Post Office Department to the
application of that rule by which our small lines
will be abolished.
It is true that many of these mail lines will be
enlarged—some, perhaps, in twelve months, in two
years or five years; but even should they never
become larger—as doubtless will be the case in some
of the poorer States—still they are fully entitled
to mail facilities. Still, if the aggregate receipts .
of the entire Department can be made to meet the ;
expense, it is the duty of Congress to give to all, j
more or less mail facilities. !!
It may be supposed from what I have said, that
I am running counter to the wishes of the people '
of the rural districts. The people of the West
and agricultural districts are sending in petitions
to Congress, praying that these rates may be re-
duced. Sir, I arn aware of this fact. I believe that
every man, whether livingin the city or thecountry,
is desirous to see the rates of postage reduced to
one cent, if you could effect it, and at the same
time afford tnem the same facilities of mail trans-
portation, and still insure that the Post Office De-
partment be self-sustuining. But when you con-
nect with this reduction the appalling fact, that
one of two results must happen: either that the
mail facilities must be diminished, or that the ex-
pense must be thrown upon the tax-payers, they
will say, Bring the reduction to as near an approxi-
mation to the proposed rates as shall not entail
upon us either of these results.
That these petitions have been pouring in from
all quarters I will not deny. That many of my
own constituents have sent memorials upon this '
subject, and that I have presented them, is equally
true. But there is a fact in connection with these
memorials that I wish to state, and it is this: that
the vast majority of them—that nine-tenths, nay,
ninety-nine out of one hundred, were printed me-
morials, got up in the great eastern cities and sent
thence through the mail. They originated in the
eastern cities. Sir, the peopl in the country re-
ceiving these memorials, and being as desirous as
any of having a cheaper rate of postage, provided
they can get their usual or increased mail facili-
ties, signed them and sent them here. But, sir,
this is what they cannot say when they come to
examine the proposed system. You would,! fear,
in adopting thi  system, so reduce the rates, and
consequently the revenue, as to compel the head ,
of the Department to diminish the mail facilities,
instead of enabling him to comply with the gen- i
eral demand for their increase.
I believe that if you continue to reduce the rates
so as to bring him under the necessity of cutting
off our mail facilities, that a general complaint will
be made by the people, who will demand that
those facilities be restored, even should it be ne-
cessary, in effecting it, to return to the present or '
a higher rate of postage. Why, sir, I think it is
a matter of clear demonstration that the cost of
transportation hereafter must be greatly increased
instead of diminished, and that the consequences
of a change now. from the present rates to a lower
scale, will not be followed, as in 1844-'45, by a
diminution in the cost of transportation, as 1 have
before stated, but that that cost must be increased. I
This being the case, Mr. Chairman, I am deci-
dedly in favor of only a moderate reduction. I
feel that a uniform rate of five cent* would be safe,
and would be as great a reduction as we should
venture upon; and, in proposing this, I would
make no distinction as to distance, for this palpa-
ble reason, that the trouble of mailing and carrying
a small amount of letters is about as great, if the
distance be. short or long. The cost of trans-
portation is so small that it amounts to little or
nothing. Hence I would make no distinction what-
ever for distance on letters. But, as respects
printed matter, the cost of transportation is greater,
because the bulk is greater, and the expense would
thus increase with distance. I do not now decide
what particular prescribed rate should be adopted.
I will leave that to others who have investigated
thesubject. I agree with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Taylor,] in favoring the free circulation of
newspapers within thirty miles of the plac&of pub-
lication. Newspapers should, I think, be received
free of expense within such limits.
They are a matter of no trouble or inconveni-
ence. They arc not like letters in this respect, in
which, in addition to the mailing, accounts must :
be kept, &c.; it is simply a matter of depositing,
transporting, and delivery.
Now, sir, with these remarks I leave the sub- ,
ject, anxious that the House shall come to the
discussion of the subject with a spirit of liberality,
and remembering that if the reduction made should
be so great as to impoverish the Department, a i,
reaction might be caused in public feeling on the !
subject that may long retard the progress of postal !'
reform. We must not throw the expenses of the (
Department upon the general Treasury.' , j
I sliall make no reference to the subject of mail- I j
steamers until that subject comes up at the proper | i
time before the House. I am disposed to act as 1 {
liberally as the judgment of the House shall see
fit. I hope the spirit of accommodation will seek !
to secure the greatest advantage without injury to
any. Our general steam mail facilities need ref-
ormation, and in due course, I hope, the subject
will receive the attention of Congress.
Mr. BOWIE. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether it is in order now to move to strikeout
the first section of the bill of the committee, and
to insert another in lieu thereof?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. AshmunJ has
offered a similar amendment, but it is not now in
order.
Mr. BOWIE. I desire, then, to give notice
that I will, at the proper time, offer the following
additional section as an amendment to the bill:
•Be it enacted, That all letters addressed to officers and
sailors of tbe United States Navy, or officers and privates
of the Marine C'orp«, or officers and privates of the United
States Army, in actual service, shall tie carried free of
postage on all the mail routes of the United States, by sea
or land.
I had intebded, (continued Mr. B.,) until very
lately, to vote for a reduction of the postage upon
letters, but I am satisfied by the arguments which !
have been adduced by gentlemen upon this floor,
and by my own reflections, that such a vote would
be adverse to the interests of the rural population
of this country, part of which I have the honor to
represent upon this floor.
I take this occasion to make these remarks, be-
cause I have been instrumental in representing a
different state of public opinion. I have been j
the instrument of presenting to this House sundry i
memorials in behalf of a reduction of the postage ,'
upon letters, believing that all such memorial?) were
consistent with the interests of my constituents ,
and reflected their wishes. But I am now con-
"trained to believe, from the general appearance
and character of those memorials, that they ema-
nated from one common source, and that they are
not a true expression of the wishes of those whom
I have the honor to represent here.
Mr. Chairman, if the Post Office Department
is in that prosperous condition which will enable
it to reduce its charges, I will offer now a sugges-
tion, which I think will be acceptable to all the Rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States. I
will offer a suggestion which will enable them to do,
not a matter of privilege, but a matter of right to
those who are especially entitled to all the advan-
tages which that great arm of the public service can
confer upon them. 1 think, sir, that those who are
bearing our flag upon the seas, and those who are
braving the dangers of the field on our frontier,
should be especially entitled to all the benefits
which can be derived from the prosperity of this
Department. 1 am told that they are now sub-
jected to onerous burdens. I am told that the poor
soldier or the poor sailor, who gets a mere pit-
tance, and who lives and who dies for glory, is ac-
tually subjected to the highest taxation for the
privilege of hearing from his wife and from his
children. Can any one here, whoduly appreciates
the services of these two great arms of our coun-
try—the Array and Navy—be unwilling to extend
to them this benefit ? We know what an immeasur-
able distance separates the Army and Navy from
their families and firesides. We know how great
the difficulties of communication are; and if the
prosperity of the country has so far increased the
number of letters among the commercial and agri-
cultural portions of the people as to enable the De-
partment to offer gratuities, let those benefits be
conferred upon those who have secured to us this*
increased prosperity. -
I think, Mr. Chairman, we can, with the ut-
most propriety, waive all the benefits which would
inure to ourselves under the first section of this
bill, and confer them upon those to whom I have
referred; and I think it would be infinitely safer, be-
cause the Department will suffer much less. The
DepartrMnt has but recently made an experiment
in the reauction of postage. It is altogether doubt-
ful what maybe the result of a greater reduction;
but the extent of the burden which the Department
will assume by this grant of qualified franks to the
soldiers and sailors may be exactly ascertained,
and no risk incurred.
Again, Mr. Chairman, this is, I think, a par-
ticularly inopportune time for proposing such a re-
duction of the letter postage as will require the im-
position of a tax of $1,500,000 on the Treasury.
What have we been told lately by the Secretary
of the Treasury ? What have we been told is the
actual condition of the Treasury at this time? We
have been told that our public debt is not now less
than seventy millions of dollars, and that in 1852
it will be some eighty millions of dollars. That is
the present condition of things. Then, too, we
have paralyzed one of the great resources of the
public revenue. Our public lantfs will yield us
nothing hereafter, and we are not contented with
taking away from the public revenue all the re-
sources which the public lands now yield, but we
are for imposing upon the Treasury an additional
tax of *11,500,000. Had not the people as well be
taxed for the transportation'of their letters, as be
taxed indirectly for the payment of the public
debt? Is it not"wholly immaterial to our constit-
uents whetherwe draw this money from the right-
hand packet or from the left? It comes ultimately
from them. You cannot reduce it to any other
complexion at last. The money is at last taken
from the pockets of our constituents.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that we are only enact-
ing a solemn farce here when we propose to re-
duce the postage from five cents to two and a half,
and at the same time propose to make the Treas-
ury pay ^1,500,000 to meet the effects of that re-
duction.
I greatly regret that I am not sufficiently ac-
quainted with the details of the Post Office De-
partment, to present my objections in more forci-
ble language. But, sir, if the Department is
flourishing, let us confer this favor upon the most
glorious, the most meritorious part of our popula-
tion, and let us manifest something like genuine
generosity—not mock philanthropy—in giving to
those who are poor and needy, and require this
boon at our hands, and abstaining from its bene-
fits ourselves.
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to offer an amendment.
