1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U
e
Panama northward would not have been estab-
lished; but that the Atlantic States are not inter- '
ested in keeping up that line is not true, and that |
Oregon and California alone are served by either :
line, I totally deny.
Let us inquire into this. The line from New
York, by way of the West India Islands to
Chagres, is met with a line from New Orleans,
taking the mails from Charleston, Savannah, and
the former city. To these four points the letters
and papers from the thousands ot routes and post
offices, all over the whole United States, concen-
trate, and pass off into this great mail trunk from
New York to Chagres. By this line not only let-
ters, papers, &e., bound to Oregon and Califor-
nia, but mail matter from all parts of the country,
and more particularly from the commercial por-
tion of the United States, are taken for the West
India Islands, for the eastern portions of Mexico,
for the States of Central America, and for the
whole eastern coast of the South American con-
tinent, and for the Islands of the Pacific ocean and
the nations bordering on its eastern and western
shores. The New York line meets the trail of
the British line to the West Indies, Central Amer-
ica, «fec., and terminates at Chagres, where the
British line from Valparaiso to Panama connects
with the-first-mentioned British line. Hence the
mail matter taken by the New York line is de-
posited, a part at the West India Islands, to find
ita way to our southern cities, to Europe, to the
eastern coast of Mexico, the States of Central ■
America, and the South American States fronting
the Atlantic on the east; another portion goes
over the Isthmus to take the Valparaiso line for
the various ports on the western slope- of South
America; another portion takes the Howland &
AspinwaJl line for the western ports of Mexico,
Acapulco, San Bias, Mazatlan, and the various
ports of Oregon and California, and some, per-
naps, running up by sailing vessels to the British
and Russian possessions north; thence across
1o the eastern coast of Russia. And stilt another
iortion, leaving Panama, goes either direct, or
iy way of California and Oregon, to the Sand-
wich Islands: thence to Cliina, Australia, the
Islands of the sea; and part's "beyond either."
The same figure, mutatis mutandis, may ^ be
carried out in taking the western mail and bring-
ing it East. Hence, sir, you see at once, that
these two lines of steamers afford a great artery
of communication with three fourths of the civil-
ized world, thus affording not only our Pacific
and Atlantic States and Territories means of con-
verse with each other, but the business and cor-
responding portions of either the means of com-
municating with the business emporiums of the '
world. I submit, then, sir, that the idea that these
lines are only necessary as a means of communi-
cation between the two slopes of this nation is fu-
tile, and not worthy the head or the heart of the
great statesman. Were the whole Pacific a foreign
country, these lines would be necessary. But, as
it is, they are more so; and I hope my eyes will
not sleep the last sleep of nature, till I shall see
the rail cars pace the continent, running all the
way within the sacred folds of the Union, and ter-
minating on the Pacific, and unlading their freight
and mails, to be transferred thence by a steam line
to China and the eastern, or rather, western world.
But it is said, by some, that those lines must
be maintained by the proceeds of postage on mail-
matter .transported by them. I believe they are.
Gentlemen may think that because the postage
received at New York, on matter mailed on the
Pacific, does not amount to this sum, that there-
fore the revenue does not meet the expense. Gen-
tlemen cannot reason in this way. To ascertain
what all the postage is on matter mailed on the
Pacific, for offices in the States, and on matter
mailed at offices in the States for offices on the
Pacific, they must follow all this matter to the
offices where the matter is delivered and the post-
age paid. Added to this, they must next com-
pute the postage on all matter taken by either of
these lines, either alt the way, or part of the \yay,
to or from foreign countries, and the postage on
all matter carried by either of them between one
domestic port and another; and when they have
summed it all up, and considered the vast benefit
which accrues to the nation from them, I believe
they will find that these lines will strike a balance
against the country. I have no means of know-
ing accurately; but from what I have, I believe
they will pay, and more than pay. But admitting
they do not, and that they will not for some time
to come: the argument, then, is without weight.
Governments are like parents—they must first
nurse their offspring, that the offspring may acquire
, strength to provide for itself, and ultimately help
support the parent. All Governments planting
colonies, or promoting emigration, and the en-
largement of its frontier settlement, must first give
before thfey can expect to receive. This is now
the state of facts between the two coasts.
It should be borne in mind, that the contract
with both of these mail lines has almost eight
years yet to run. The amount of the mail during
this time is of no account, for they must carry it,
much or little. If you will place our postage
tariff at five cents a single letter of half an ounce,
and one cent on our newspapers, &c., I have no
hesitency in saying that the routes will pay better
than now. At present our postage is forty cents per
letter. It is certainly a great drawback on corre-
spondence. There are but few men on the Pacific
who cannot name ten parsons in the list of his pri-
vate correspondents. Suppose I write, then, only
once a month, as I would be glad to do oftener,Iam
quite sure to be repaid by the reception of thatnum-
ber, and here would be four dollars out, by every
mail. This is a fair illustration. The result will be,
and particularly when money and other things find
their level there, that correspondence will gradu-
ally die away between the two sections; friends
will forget friends, cold and alienated feeling will
take the place of warm sympathy and warm
hearts, ana the end will be a breaking up of the
Confederacy East and West.. As much as I love
my little ones, may jk>d ip his infinite mercy
cause all my posterity to sleep by my side before
the time of that calamity draws near.
Gentlemen, I invoke you, by the spirit of
the Union which we adore, and before whose
shrine we all bow and make mutual and com-
mon sacrifice of our prejudices and sectional ani-
mosities, to reject this proposition, and all others
of a kindred nature; and in doing it, to bind us all
up in one common brotherhood, where neither the
elements of strife, nor the combined power of the
balance of the world, can shake this nation of ours
from tlie unity of its orbit.
I must say one word by way of illustrating the
; ruin this proposition would bring upon our read-
' ing public on the Pacific. We are young yet,
, and we cannot make books if we would; but we
must read or be ignorant. Now, sir, a few days
ago there were forwarded to me twenty-five names
, as- subscribers to the " Philadelphia Saturday
1 Evening Post. " Upon applying to the publishers
for the amount of subscription for such a club, I
was informed that it would be twenty-four dollars,
1 I believe, which I paid. Should the proposition
of the honorable chairman prevail, (and I am con-
fident that he, through his enlarged generosity,
half hopes that it will not,) these same men would
have to pay as postage on those papers thirty-
nine dollars per year, or nearly double the amount
of the original subscription. Should that recom-
mended by the Postmaster General be adopted,
then they will have to pay fifty-two dollars, or
more than double the amount of subscription.
I assure you, sir, that the people on the Pacific
' coast will be mortified, even astonished, at the
enormity of a proposition which must shut their
eyes to reading, or impoverish them for gratifying
this laudable desire. I must close, gentlemen of
the committee, but I cannot do it without implor-
ing you most feelingly,while you are just, to re-
member mercy.
: Mr. HEBARD. I do not propose,Mr. Chair-
* man, to go into any statistical view of the bill un-
der consideration. All general facts and statistics
bearing upon the subjcct have been better pre-
sented to this committee and to the public through
the press, and the circulars published for the ben-
efit of the members of Congress, than I can do it.
Nor do I desire to repeat the arguments of others
that have been advanced; but there is a general
1 view of the subject, embracing one or two points,
to which I desire briefly to allude. It will be ad-
mitted upon all hands that the subject is one in
which the whole people are more immediately in-
terested than upon, almost any other. It is one
affecting their every-day business transactions,
\ and their friendly and social intercourse. It is one,
i too, upon which they are supposed to have some
information. It is of no sectional or party char-
acter in its nature, and it is therefore supposed
that gentlemen will approach it freed from all con-
siderations, but such aa appertain t£ it.
It is also an admitted fact, that no subject has
appealed so forcibly and directly to us from the
people as this. Petitions-have accumulated upon
our hands, asking for a reduction of letter postage
to some uniform rate. The only question seems
to be, to what rate can the postage be reduced anil
the Department sustain itself? It is particularly
to this point that I desire to submit a remark. It
is, in the first place, questionable, whether a high
and enlightened policy would stop to make this
inquiry. But if this is to be the point, then what
is fairly to be charged to the Department, among
the expenditures, to make up the amount that is to
be covered by the revenue derived from post-
age? It is claimed, that all the expense of the
ocean steamers that carry the mails to Europe and
the Pacific ocean, are to oe taken in. This is not
a liberal test. If, as a matter of national policy,
it is thought advisable to furnish these facilities to
foreign nations, make that a charge upon the
Treasury,like any other expenditure of a national
character. If you will confine the operations of
the Department within its original and legitimate
sphere, I hazard nothing in the prediction, that you
may reduce the postage to the lowest rate that any
one ha* named, and the Department shall sustain
itself, and yield a revenue to the Treasury besides.
Where is the justice or the propriety, in making
the postage upon our domestic correspondence
contribute to defray the expenses of a mail steam-
er? If the doctrine of compensation is to prevail,
then it should be so made as to meet the case.
And if the Government, for any national purpose,
chooses to engage in an enterprise not necessary
or beneficial for the original and obvious purposes
of the Post Office Department, let that enterprise
support itself, or let it be supported by the Gov-
ernment, for which it was instituted. There can
be nothing magnanimous m the attempt to derive
revenue from the correspondence of our own citi-1
zens; which is nothing less than a tax upon intel-
lect. The people have demanded a reduction of
postage: in my judgment, the demand is reason-
able, and ought to be complied with. I go for the
lowest rate. The experience of all governments that
have taken an enlightened view of the subject,
has established its practicability. The experience
of our own, though poorly tested, satisfies me that
| the experiment is not hazardous. Business in-
' creases with the facilities for its transaction. So
far as our experiment has gone, the increase of
postage has more than kept up with the reduction ■
of the rate. If the future may be judged of bv the
past, a further reduction is demanded. But 1 am
not strenuous atf" to the particular point to which
we may go. If two cents is too low, and the com-
mittee shall so decide, I am content to fix it at
three cents; but with anything short of this I am
not content.. The people have demanded it; ex-
perience warrants it, and justice and an enlight-
ened policy dictates it.
At the proper time, Mr. Chairman, I propose to
offer some amendments to the bill, which I now
desire to have read.
The following are the amendments:
In section 2, strikeout " nineteen'' and insert "twelve,"
so that it will read, " that there shall be charged on each
newspaper of no greater sire than twelve hundred square
inches transmitted through the mail from the office of pub-
lication to any place out of the State where published, the
sum of one cent," &c., &.c.
In the same section, strike out as follows: "And fi>r
any such newspaper delivered within the State where pub-
lished, the sum of one half cent," and inecrt in lieu thereof
the following:
"And for any such newspaper delivered ip the State
where published and more than thirty miles from the placc
of publication, the sum of one half" cent; and any such
newspaper delivered in the State where published, and
not more than thirty miles from the place of publication,
shall go free of postage."
Strike from the bill the third section.
Mr. H., without Concluding, yielded the floor
to his'colleague, [Mr. Pf.ck,] on whose motion
the committee rose.
The SPEAKER resumed the chair, and the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Burt] reported
that the committee had had under consideration
the bill to modify the rates of postage, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
grant of land.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill, of which previous no-
