1850-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
being no proposition to amend, it waa reported to
the Senate, and was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. TURNEY. I ask that it may be read a
third time now.
Mr. BELL. I think it ■will be necessary that
this biD should be amended, and therefore I would
suggest that the third reading be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. TURNEY assented.
The bill was accordingly postponed until to-
morrow.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PHELPS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill changing the
place of holding the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the district of Vermont;
which was read a. first and second time by its title
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BADGER. You had better have a bill to
remove them from the State, since your late law.
Mr. PHELPS. We will do that ourselves.
Mr. DAYTON asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate for leave to bring in a
bill to change the terms of the circuit courts for
the eastern and western districts of Pennsylvania;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. UNDERW00D gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to bring in a bill to provide for
surveying the Ohio river and its tributaries, in
order to test the practicability of improving their
navigation by reservoirs.
JOINT COMMITTEES. *
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Yovng, their Clerk:
Mr. Pkcsident : The Hon«e of Representatives have ap-
pointed, u parsuance of the joint rale of the two Houses,
Ike following committees on their part:
On Print**;-—Mr. William McWillie, Mr. Charles S.
Morehead, and Mr. Thomas J. D Puller.
On the Library.—Mr. Isaac E. Hughes, Mr. Horace
Mann, and Mr. William Duer.
On Enrolled Bill*.—Mr. Isaae Wild rick and Mr. Jesse
C. Dickey.
SPECIAL ORDER?.
Mr. DOWNS. I ask the Senate to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 328, entitled " A bill to aid the State
of Louisiana in reclaiming the overflowed lands
therein, and for other purposes," with the view of
making it the special order for some future day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Like the Senator
from Louisiana, I take great interest in that bill,
and hope that it will be considered at an early day;
but when the proposition is to take it up and make
it a special order, I must make the same objection
to it that I made to another bill on a former occa-
sion. I am opposed to making any bill a special
order, and I trust the calendar will be gone through I
with in its regular order, believing that we can
transact more business in that way than in any
other.  
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I was not in
my seat the other day when a bill of mine came
up in its order^-I mean the " bill to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed to clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the Circuit and District Courts of
the United States, and for other purposes." That
bill came up in its order, according to the rule laid
down by the Senator from Mississippi, and hence
I may call it up at as early a day as may suit the
convenience of the Senator from Georgia, who has
an amendment to offer to it. I hope the Senate
will permit it to be called up and disposed of at an
early day.
Mr. DOWNS. It seems to me that it will bea
very strange mode of proceeding if we are to have
no special orders. It may be very proper, as the
gentleman suggests, ordinarily to take up a bill
when it comes up in its regular order. I have no
objection to that course, but there are often cases
when it is important and useful to the Senate and
to the parties interested in the bill that a particular
day should be fixed for its consideration. Some-
times it is desirable to make some preparation,
and to collect information; hence it is desirable to
know beforehand when a measure may come up.
In all legislative bodies of which I have any
knowledge, special orders have been made. I hope
we shall not now abandon that practice. Besides,
this bill is one of great interest to my constituents,
and on that account I wish it be taken up and
made a special order for an early day. It was in-
troduced late in the last session, and therefore it
will be a long time before it can be reached on the
calendar.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The difficulty is,
j that every one's case is to him a special case. I
, should be very sorry to see the Senate enter into a
i scramble as to who should get a bill in which he
is particularly interested made a spccial order.
Every one will be able to ascertain, by observing
the progress made with the bills on the calendar,
when a bill in which he has a particular interest is
likely to come up, and he may therefore be pre-
pared to discuss and explain it; but nothing will
throw us into more confusion, as was shown at
the last session, than the making of special orders.
The observance of the order of business on the
calendar will give every one just that advantage
which belongs to the priority of the business of
which he has charge, and he is entitled to no more.
I hope the request now made will not be acceded
to, and I object to it with the more readiness be-
cause I feel a great interest in the particular meas-
ure which is proposed to be made a special order.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
The amendment to the rules, offertd by Mr.
Badger yesterday, came up in its order for con-
i sideration.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Secretary to read the
• rule as it will stand if the amendment be agreed to.
The Secretary read it as follows, the amend-
ments being in brackets:
" A Cqramittee on Printing, to consist of three mem-
' bers, to whom shall be referred every question on the print- ;
ing of documents, reports, or other matter transmitted by ,
either of the Executive Tlepartments, and all memorials,
petitions, accompanying documents, together with all other
I matter, the printing of which shall be moved, excepting
Mils originating in Congress, resolutions offered by any |
Senator, communications from the Legislatures [or Con- '
ventions lawfully called] of the respective States, and mo- I
tions to pnnt by order of the standing committees of the
Senate, [and excepting also, messages and other comniuni- ;
cations ftom the President of the United States, and such
I reports and communications from the heads of Departments
[ as may be made to Congress or to the Senate in obedience
' to law, or in answer to calls from the Senate,] and it shall
! be the duty of such Committee on Printing to report in every
case in one day, or sooner if practicable.
i Mr. BADGER. The precise effect of the pro-
posed amendment is, that the Senate may have
control of the messages of the President, and of
reports made by heads of the Executive Depart-
ments, in obedience to law or in answer to a call
of the Senate, and to extend the same courtesy
to Conventions called by the several States as the
rule now does to the communications from State !
Legislature^.
The amendment was agreed to,
BIIfMJfG OF DOCUMENTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted yesterday by Mr. Borland in relation
to the binding of certain reports of the Secretary
| of War, .
i Mr, W ALKER moved to amend the resolution
! by striking out all afler the word " resolve," and
! inserting—
| " That the Committee on Printing be authorized to pro-
cure Senate Executive document No. 64, of the last session I
, of Congress, to be bound for the use of the Senate in a
; style and manner equal to a specimen in the possession
i of said committee, of a volume entitled 'Turkey and its |
i Destiny,' bound for the War Department, said binding not |
} to exceed thirty cents per volume." ' I
! I hold in my hand a specimen of the binding to ;
which the amendment alludes, and it is far superior '
to the manner in which our documents are gen- :
erally bound. The amendment limits the price of I
this binding to thirty cents per volume, and points ;
out a guide for the government of the committee
in making the contract.
Mr, BADGER. I like exceedingly'the phrase-
ology of the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin, because it reduces the matter to
a certainty. But I would suggest to him that it
is rather a new mode of proceeding* to direct com-
mittees to make these contracts. 1 think the usual
mode is to direct the Secretary of the Senate to
make them.
Mr. WALKER. I do not know what is the
usual method pursued in relation to the subject.
The committee reported the resolution, and seemed
to have had the subject under consideration. Per-
sons came forward and submitted the specimens to
the committee. They are acquainted with these
I persons, and therefore would be better able to
j make a contract than the Secretary.
' Mr. BADGER. I did not make the suggestion
by way of objection to the amendment, but merely
threw it out fnr the consideration of the Senator
from Wisconsin, in order that he might see that
he was proposing a new course.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I thought we
had gone over this whole question at the last session
—about employing our committees in the business
of trading, dealing, and making bargains. I thought
we had decided that that was not the proper busi-
ness in which to engage our committees. I thought
it was the proper business of the ministerial offi-
cers of the Senate to contract for work of that kind.
They are responsible. Senators are not responsi-
ble, nor should we complain of Senators. Sena
tors cannot get up and complain of Senators. W e
cannot dismiss a Senator if he should make a bar-
gain which we .should afterwards disapprove.
This whole business properly belongs to the Sec-
retary. I wish, therefore, to move to strike out
of the amendment " the Committee on Printing,"
and insert the " Secretary of the Senate."
Besides that, Mr. President, I see that there is
a provision for binding, which is to be done in a
" superior " way, but no provision is made about
stitching; and everybody knows that binding is
nothing unless the stitching is good. Stitching
gives way oftener than the binding does. You
i will see the book fall to pieces while the binding
is good upon the outside. That is not the way it
was in the old time, with the books that were
stitched and bound in " The Strand," London, in
those places where book-making had to be done
well. I have seen the binding wear off, and the
stitching be firm and good, so that you could still
use the book. It is useless to make any provision
about binding, unless you make a provision about
stitching. Therefore, I am opposed to the reso-
lution on that ground.
Again, Mr. President: We have got into this
practice of binding; and this binding of books will
cost as much as the original printing. We all
have some experience in this business. Before
this system of paying separately for binding was
introduced we had very thick octavos. Indeed,
they were enormously thick—some of them con-
taining fifteen hundred pages—and, consequently,
were rather inconvenient to handle. But since we
have commenced paying for binding as a separate
i thing by the volume, we have almost got. to having
] primers. We could put five or six of the volumes
I that are now bound for us in one of those that we
were formerly in the habit of using; and the rea-
son is that we now pay separately for binding by
the volume. If gentlemen will look at this matter
seriously, they will find that some of our volumes
now are almost primers.
I am told that there is a limitation—that less
than three hundred pages shall not be bound in
one volume. Three hundred pages are nothing;
they make but a very thin octavo—very thin, in-
deed; and such a one as we ought not to pay for.
It may be that this report has three hundred pages
or more in it. I do not know how that is; but I
know that this business of paying for binding
upon a separate contract by the volume is becom-
ing an enormous abuse, so that, while we are try-
ing to save money in one branch of this printing
business, we have opened a sluice at another place,
where the public money ia running out in almTif"
any quantity. Everything is now to be bound
separately. The question of binding the Patent
Office report was up the other day, and it had to
be divided. The Patent report proper could not
be mixed with the Agricultural report; they would
not agree together; they must be bound in two
volumes, and we must pay for the binding of each
separately. And thus we go on from day to day;
abuse after abuse is created; while we are trying
to stop one abuse, another breaks out on the op-
posite side worse than the previous one. I now
move to amend the amendment by striking out
"Committee on Printing" and inserting "Secre-
tary of the Senate."
Mr, WALKER. Mr. President, I agree pre-
cisely with what the Senator from Missouri has
said. But I will ask him, if the Senate is deter-
mined to force upon us this binding, whether it is
not better that it should be done in good style, and
that reasonable limitations should be imposed?.
My simple reason for moving this amendment
was, that a resolution came in yesterday, in gen-
