96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBk
Dec. ID.
•ral terms, proposing to print this document in a
style superior to that in which our documents are
usually printed, provided the cost should not ex-
ceed thirty cents per volume. I rose then and ob-
jected to uie consideration of the resolution, aud it
laid over until to-day. And I have offered the
amendment under the supposition that if we are to
bind this document, we ought to impose some
reasonable limitations as to price and style.
Mr. BENTON. 1 thank the gentleman for stop-
ping this matter yesterday. I am very much
obliged to him for that. But I am against this
whole thing. It is proposed that this should be
done in a superior style. Then the question is,
which of the heads of the Departments will have
their documents bound in a superior, and which
in an inferior style. In order to avoid jealousy,
they will all have to be "superior." This is to
be so superior that it is to be two and a third
times better than our ordinary binding.
The cost of the present binding is twelve and a
half cents per volume. It is proposed that this
shall be thirty cents per volume; that is, that it
shall be bound almost two and a third times better
than our present binding. Three, four, or five
cents make a very great aifTerence, as those who
go to the bookbinders ascertain. A few cents :
will make an immense difference.
I am against the whole thing, and I hope the
matter may be disposed of by laying it on the
table. We shall te able to get ria of it in that
way.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not want to enter into a
discussion as to what is or what is not the proper
course for the Senate to pursue in relation to bind-
ing documents which the Senate shall order. I
think the Senator from Missouri, upon this occa-
sion, while he may be right in his general views,
has not made his remarks precisely applicable to
the case presented to the Senate. I hold in my
hand a document of two hundred and fifty pages;
!that is the limitation, and. not three hundred.)
t is a report from the Secretary of War, con-
taining '1 Reconnoissances of Routes from San Ap-
tonio to £1 Paso, by Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
J. £. Johnston, Lieutenant W. T. Smith, Lieu-
tenant F. T. Bryan, Lieutenant X. H. Michler,
and Captain S. G. French, quartermaster depart-
ment."
This report was ordered to be printed, and three
thousand extra copies were ordered to be printed
for the use of the Senate, on motion of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] By law, as j
it now stands, this document will ba bound; it
will be bound at twelve and. a half cents a copy. 1
The question now submitted to the Senate is, ,
whether, from the character of the report, it ;
shall have a superior binding to that which is em-
braced in the contract which the Senate has made;
and that is the only question. I hold in ray hand
—I do not know exactly how many, for I have
not counted them—some thirty or forty very su-
perior engravings. They embrace views of the
country; they present some engravings of its ge-
ological features, of its inhabitants, and of its to-
pography, and indeed, of almost everything that
serv es to render it a useful and valuable document.
It is, indeed, an ornament, and adorned with some
of the finest specimens of engravings that 1 have
ever witnessed. In that view of the case, it was
deemed important by the committee ttiat it should
be presented to the Senate in a binding; superior
to that which the contract requires. The resolu-
tion reported by the committee proposes to leave
it to the Secretary of the Senate. There was a sug-
gestion made by the Secretary of the Senate to^
myself that he would be very glad that the com-
mittee should assume that duty. The Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] has offered an
amendment proposing to leave it to the commit-
tee. As the Senate shall determine, so will the
committee do. I will express no opinion on that
matter myself, leaving it to the determination of
the Senate; but it is a simple question for the
Senate to determine, whether tliis report, printed ,
on motion of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] accompanied by so large a number of
splendid engravings, shall be bound in a manner
superior to that which the contract requires, and
costing some $100—a very large sum, and one
which may startle the nerves of others but it does
not mine.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. The motion which >
I submitted at the last session, and which has
been referred to by the Senator from Maine, has
no particular connection with the subject of bind-
ing. The motion I then made was to have three
thousand conies printed, and bound at a price not
exceeding *elve and a half cents. Such was the
aosition that I submitted last session in relation
is matter, having no view at all to any special
expenditure for the binding. At the last session ,
it was resolved to bind all documents, but I should
prefer that these documents should not be bound.
They can be more safely transmitted to remote
points by mail without binding than with it. They
can be transmitted more safely unbound through
the mails, when the mails are carried in stages or
on horseback, as they are in various parts of the
country. Nor do I think it necessary to resort to
an expensive binding for this document, believing
with the Senator from Missouri that stitching is
much more important than binding. When a par-
ticular book was presented as a sample, I looked
at it, and examined the stitching, and I believe it
to be very bad. Such plates as are submitted with
this doenment would probably suffer by having
the work bound in the exact mode in which the
sample is done. The engravings which accompany
this volume constitute some reason for giving this
document a better binding than is usually given to
documents; but this consideration is not, I think,
sufficient to warrant so great a departure from our
contract for the binding of books as is now pro-
posed. And I would say further, that I should
much prefer that the Secretary of the Senate should
make such contracts rather than involve our com-
mittees in disbursements for the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. As I offered this resolution
yesterday from the Committ^ on Printing, I would
state that the original resolution provided that the
Secretary of the Senate should attend to having
this work bound; but it is the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin that proposes to put this
labor Upon the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I find on looking
at the resolution I offered last session in relation to
this matter, that that resolution provided that these
reports should be bound, provided the cost of bind-
ing should not exceed twelve and a half cents. I
would be glad if the committee had not reported in
favor of binding at all, so as to leave it to those
persons who receive the document to have it
bound, if they think it worth binding.
Mr. WALKER. I have already said that I
agreed with the honorable Senator from Missouri
in the expression of opinion which he made. Such
had been my opinion. In conformity with what
seems to be the general desire of the Senate, 1 move
that the resolution and the amendments be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to. i
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT then announced the special
order of the day to be the resolution offered by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,J in relation
to removals from office, and stated the pending
amendment for the consideration of the Senate to
be the one offered by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood.]
Mr. WHITCOMB. I would ask to have the :
consideration of that resolution postponed till to-
morrow, and made the special order for that time,
as my colleague, who is absent, desires to be heard
upon it.
The motion was agreed to,
THE PATENT LAWS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill entitled " A
bill to amend an act to promote the progress of the
useful arts."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state what
is the condition of the bill. There is an amend-
ment pending, which is to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert what was reported by
the committee as an amendment to the bill. That
amendment will be read if desired.
Mr. TURNEY. I presume it is not necessary.
I have an amendment which I will offer to the
amendment proposed by the committee, which is
to insert after the word "patent," in the eighth line
of the fifth section, the following words:
" And upon such proceedings on scire faciar being coin-
mcnccd, all proceedings at law or in equity against such
person or person? shall be stayed until the determination of
the proceedings on tcire facias, or the further order of the
court obtained after due notice of application therefor."
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator from Tennessee
will perceive that my colleague is now absent.
He is a member of the Committee on Patents,
and is much interested in this bill, and has hereto-
fore intimated his wish to speak upon it. I would
therefore ask the Senator from Tennessee to post-
pone the consideration of this bill until he shall be
liere and have an opportunity of being heard.
Mr. TURNEY. The amendment which I offer,
and jhe other amendments which I propose to
offer, have been considered by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] and I believe he is sat-
isfied with them. He was also in favor of the
passage of the bill, as reported with the amend-
ments proposed by the committee. I would have
no objection to the postponement of the consider-
ation of the bill, however, until the arrival of the
Senator from Georgia, if it were at all certain that
he would arrive in time to allow the bill to be con-
sidered and adopted here, so that it may, at no
very distant day, be sent to the House. It is a
very important bill, as I think, and it was.defeated
in its passage at the last session of Congress only
because business of paramount importance at the
time came up. I had hoped the Senate would dis-
pose of it before the Christmas holidays, in order
that it might go to the House and take its chance
there. If the Senator from Georgia thinks his
colleague will be here soon, and if he will set a
day for the consideration of the bill, I will not ob-'
jectto its being postponed, after a motion is adopted
to print the amendments.
Mr. BERRIEN. I have no desire to retard the
progress of this bill, but I have made the sugges-
tion in order to fulfill a duty which I owe to my col-
league, who is absent. I do not know when he
will be here. He was a member of the Conven-
tion, which terminated on Saturday last. Iam
under the impression he will be here in the course
of the week. If the amendments which the Sen-
tor proposes are such as my colleague takes an in-
terest in, of course I should hope he would not
press the consideration of the bill at this time, un-
less he is advised that my colleague has concurred
in these amendments. I repeat, that my only mo-
tive in asking the delay is the duty I owe to my
absent colleague.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to suggest to the
Senatorfrom Tennessee whether it would not suit
his designs and his views, to submit his amend-
ments, in order to have them printed, that we may
have an opportunity of examining them; and pass
over the consideration of the bill for to-day ? I
desire to agree with the honorable chairman of the
committee on some suitable provisions in this bill.
I wish, however, to look into it a little more; for,
though it was somewhat considered at the last
session, it comes upon me now rather suddenly,
and I am not prepared to act upon it as I could
wish.
The PRESIDENT. This bill was before the
Senate at the last session, and received various
amendments. It was afterwards recommitted to
the committee, and the bill now proposed to be
amended was reported in place of the original bill.
Mr. TURNEY. The course I propose will not
embarrass, but rather facilitate the considera-
tion of the bill; and that is, that the Senate shall
now act upon the amendments reported by the
committee. The bill will still remain in Commit-
tee of the Whole. But, after these amendments
shall have been acted upon and adopted, as I sup-
pose they will be, then I propose to make an order
to reprint the bill, with the amendments. So that
every Senator on a subsequent day can have the
bill, as amended, before him, in the form in wlych
it will be recommended that it shall be passed. I
can see no objection to that course, and I am will-
ing if that is done to postpone the consideration of
it to afford an opportunity for the arrival of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.]
Mr. BERRIEN. With the understanding that
the bill will remain as in quasi Committee of the
Whole, and not be reported to the Senate, I see
no objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. At the last ses-
sion of Congress I stated my objection to the
general features of the bill, which was recommit-
ted to the committee, and has been reported back
to the Senate, amended to its present form, fram
sorry to say my objections have^ot been removed.
The provisiqn in the Constitution, from which we
derive our power to legislate upon this subject, is
designed to secure to inventors the exclusive use
