THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION-
31s* Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1850.
New Series No. 7.
of their inventions. From time to time laws have I
been enacted in accordance with the object of that \
grant of power, to protect inventors for a term of '
veare in the exclusive rijht to their discoveries.
"To stimulate genius to exertion, and to reward its
useful contributions, it is not only proper, but ne-
cessary to throw around its labors such legal
guards as will protect them from the more shrewd,
who would unscrupulously appropriate to them-
selves the toil of greater minds, by availing them-
selves of the characteristic negligence of inventive
genius. To protect the inventor only to the ex-
tent to which he had made his claim, with entire
technical accuracy, was early found to he quite
insufficient; and even' before any provision had
been made bv law for the correction of a patent by
reissue, the courts equitably protected whatever
was shown to be truly within the patented inven-
tion. Now, by the act of 1836, a mode is provi-
ded by which an inventor may protect his patent
against infringement by one who should fraudu-
lently seek to take advantage of a technical defect
in the description or model on which the patent
was granted. This provision experience had
shown to-be requisite, and it is surely both politic
and just to preserve it. Adequate protection has
not yet been afforded to patentees, as is plain from
the long and fruitless litigation on the most valu-
able discoveries, but instead of this biN being suffi-
cienttosupply thatwant,I do not think alawcould
be much better fitted to take from the inventor the
little protection he now enjoys than that which is
here submitted. The first section enacts a rule
which has long existed in the Patent Office; the
second section must be unnecessary, the third
section would involve much labor and expense for
objects probably useless to the applicants or the
Patent Office; the second part of this section is be-
lieved to be covered by existing provisions. The
fourth section would utterly destroy the kind and i
equitable provision of the act of 1836 for the re-
issuing of patents. It is hostile to the object of
that act, which was to protect the meritorious in-
ventor; and, connected with subsequent sections
of the bill relative to the scire facias and the
notice required to be publicly given of applica-
tions for reissue of patents, would seem to be a
law framed not for the protection of tJie patentee,
but for the benefit of infringers of patents. The
reissuing of a patent is designed to secure the
property of the inventor in that which he has
eally given to the world, the knowledge, or at
east the useful application of which was de-
-jved from his specifications, composition, or
model. There are provisions in this hill which
are as hostile to such reissue as though it were a
fraud upon the public, to correct defective speci-
fications. The act of 1836 perhaps does not suffi-
ciently distinguish between a reissue and an addition
to a patent: the latter is of little importance, be-
cause a new patent would answer as well. It is
to the former I have directed my remarks. If any
modifications are needed in relation to that, I think
it should be changed for the benefit of the inventor,
rather than for the impunity of the infringer.
This bill requires that any inventor who wishes
to amend his specifications shall give sixty days' •
notice, and all machines or articles begun before
the reissue are to be used as though the reissue
had not been made, being in fact a distinction m
favor of those who have violated the inventor's
right, and an invitation to any infringer of the
patent to take advantage of this notice, and free
himself from future restraint. A patent may be
taken out without sufficient specifications to cover
all which was invented and shown in the model;
and some better informed as to what constitutes
a sufficient description, to fulfill the requirements
of the law than the inventor, may take advantage
of this notice, to the injury of him whom the law
should be framed to protect. The sixty days'no-
tice is an invitation to the dishonest to come for-
ward and take advantage of any defect in the spe-
cifications. They have only to manufacture the
composition, or to get up the machine, or, by way
of beginning,'to cut a few bolts, or something of
that kind, and have the right to use it ever after.
I count as nothing the restriction intended to com-
mence with the date of notice. In many cases it
would be worthless, in more ineffectual.
Those who would pirate on a patent, would
probably not be restrained by the distinction of be-
fore or after notice. Nor ao I perceive a moral
difference between the two classes of infringers—
those who discovered the defect of the patent by
examination of the machine, and those who learned
it from the notice of the inventor.
As to the scire facias provided in this bill, I will i
only say that, apart from the extraordinary dis- j
tinction between the patentee and the infringer
which is made in the proposed penalty, it seems to i
be but a harsher mode of executing that feature :
of the existing law whith is considered the most i
objectionable. On this point I wish, to direct the
attention of the Senate to the proceedings of a con-
vention of inventors who assembled at New York
and prepared a " memorial in relation to the defects
of the existing law of patents." They point out as
a defect in the law of 1836 that it permits the de-
fendant, in a suit for damages, to put the patent in
issue; and that it provided no means by whiph
the validity of a patent might be tested and finally
settled by a properly-constituted tribunal. The
inventors justly complain that the validity of a
patent may be tried in every suit brought for its-
infringement. They propose that a court shall be
established, by the appointment of special judges,
to be associated with the circuit judges, for the
purpose of trying causes growing out of patents;
they also propose a commission to decide on the
extension of patents.
In an address delivered by the Hon. John K.
Kane before the Franklin Institute of the State of
Pennsylvania, he portrays in powerfully-descrip-
tive language the utter inability of any ordinary
court to examine and try a case involving the
question of a patent. He speaks of himself as a
member of the bar and of the bench, and treats it
as a great mistake to suppose that lawyers and
judges are therefore capable of judging of all the ar- j
cana of science in which a patent case may be in-
volved. 1 would much prefer to have a special
court established to try all suits growing out of
| patent cases in which the validity of the patent
! was put in issue. Such a tribunal would be able
to test by a single suit the validity of a patent, and
thus settle the question of the "inventor's right,
and leave him free from harassing disputes, which
make him poorer instead of richer by the badly-
secured property which he has in his invention.
But, as the Committee on Patents have indica-
ted their views, and the means on which they rely,
by presenting as amended this bill, and the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have not, so far as I am
informed, proposed to establish such a tribunal for
the trial of patent cases as has been alluded to,
this preference may be considered unattainable.
I therefore, when in order, propose to offer as a
substitute for the bill of the committee, one pro-
viding:, among other things, for regularly-augment-
ing damages; so that the meritorious inventor, the
valid patent, mav"be better protected, by increas-
ing the penalty for every additional judgment in
a suit for damages, progressing as the number of
the decisions in favor of the patent. On the other
hand, an invalid patent would be restrained by a
like progression of damages against the patentee.
In this manner litigation may be to some extent j
limited. |
I think the bill we have under consideration j
cannot be amended so as to answer any valuable
purpose, and that it will fail to give to inventors the
benefits that ought to be secured to them. ' The
provision to repeal a patent by a single suit should
have been preceded by all which could serve to
insure a proper decision. As proposed, it is be-
iieved that the courts before whom the suits will
be brought may, from their habits of thought, the
very eminence to which they have attained in their
all-absorbing profession; probably will be less
qualified to "decide the nice questions in natural
philosophy which a patent case will often present.
I will again remark that it is strange that, in a law
amendatory of the act to secure to inventors an
exclusive right to their discoveries, there should be
a discrimination against them even in suits to main-
tain that right. Such, however, is surely the case
in that feature which makes the decision against a
patent repeal it, but if the decision be in favor of
the patent, then the patentee may go to the next
circuit or State, to answer a like summons by
some other trespasser upon his patented right;
there to run all the hazards of trying again the
merits of his claim to a patent before a court such
as is provided, and at a point remote perhaps from
models, books, and witnesses necessary to explain
and establish the justice of the letters patent he
holds.
The court proper for such investigation would
be one composed of students of natural science as
well as of law; adepts in the mechanic arts; a court
permanently organized to try causes originating in
questions which involve the validity of patents; a
court thus constituted, with inquiries thus spe-
cially directed, daily would acquire more exact in-
formation in relation to all the subjects which would
come before it.
I shall at the earliest proper moment offer a sub-
stitute for the bill, unless, which I would greatly
prefer, the whole matter can be postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. TURNEY. I shall not follow the exam-
ple of the Senator from Mississippi, and proceed
to discuss the whole merits of the bill, as he has
done. Nor can I see the object of discussing the
particukir amendment under consideration. That
amendment proposes that, under the provisions of
the bill, no man shall sue out a scire facias, except
the man who has been sued by the patentee for an
infringement of a patent. This amendment pro-
poses that, after the issuing of the scire facias, pro-
ceedings shall be stayed until the validity of the
patent can be tried upon the scire facias, or until
the further order of the proper court.
The Senator from Mississippi objects to this bill
because, he says, judges in ordinary courts are
not competent to try patent cases. I think, if
such lawyers as sit upon the befich of the Supreme
Court of the United States cannot try a patent
case, they are not competent to try a man formur-
| der under the laws of theUnited States, where life
I is destroyed, as it often is, by the most culpable
carelessness or presumption on the part of those
conducting the navigation of steamboats on our
| waters. In such cases the crew, it may be, or the
I officers, are considered guilty of murder.
The Senator from Mississippi says the trial of
J these patent cases requires a knowledge of sciences
j and of mechanics which lawyers and judges do not
possess. How often does it happen where a man
: is indicted for murder that it becomes necessary to
investigateand examine the character ofthewoundS
And where the murder is caused by poison, it be-
i comes necessary to call in a skillful chemist to
analyze the contents of the stomach. Who but
' the scientific and skillful physician or chemist can
be competent to judge of the facts in such a case ?
Will you say a court is not competent to try a
tnan for murder because the judge is not a doctor*?
Do you not call before the court and jury all the
medical skill and all the medical science necessary
to decide as to the facts to be determined upon?
And has not the court all the benefit of that science
to enable the court and jury to determine and pass
upon the case correctly? Why are not judges as
competent to pass upon a patent case as upon cases
of this description, upon which they are daily
called to give their decision ?
If the opinion of the Senator is correct, that
there should be a special court to try cases of this
kind, where a patent is litigated, there should
be a court composed of doctors and chemists to
try such cases as those to which I have referred.
1 Even supposing he is right, that lawyers are not
j competent, his .argument does not affect the merits
I of the proposition contained in the amendment,
: which is to provide a remedy by scire facias. But if
j his argument is correct, it would go further to
i prove that we are ourselves incapable of legislating
j upon the subject of patents; that the Senate of the
I United States is incapable of enacting laws relating
