98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19,
lo this branch of business; and that nobody but
those who are inventors, or some persons from
the class of mechanics, or the walks of science,
are tit in legislate on this subject. I agree to no
s-ich do'trnie. But supposing it to be true, is it
an argument against the provision contained in
this anwndiiieii:, that when the proper tribunal is
established, the patentee shall have the right to
lui\f a >le ision repealed or to postpone a decision.:
AVou d this be wrong, and an injury to inventors
if mere were a tribunal which would guard the
interests of the public, and where inventors may
!u\\e s mie remedy when their inventions are stolen
from them or taken by fraud and villainy? This
is the only effect of the scire fittias; it is to cut off
litigation. .Now, a suit decided against the in-
fringer of a patent does not stop the litigation; he
can sue a hundred other people. Is it not, then,
correct policy to limit this litigation, to have some
end to it, and when the fact is established that the
patent was obtained by fraud that the country shall
have peace and quiet ?
This is the only object of the bill, and the only
thins to be effected by the provision ituthorizinir a
wirr f iciri*. The amendment now under consid-
eration, however, simply provides that no person
shall have a right to apply for a scire facias except
those who have been sued, so as to guard and pro-
tect the patentee; and that he may not be injured
by a number of lawsuits in every part of the Uni-
ted States, we limit it so that no person will be
effected by it but the person who is sued. That
being done, and the man having no right to apply
for a scire facias till he is sued, the committee
thought it proper to adopt this provision. This is
the only effect of the amendment under consider-
ation. At present I have heard nothing from the
Senator from Mississippi which shakes my confi-
dence in the provision of this bill. In the first
place, I doubt the correctness of his position that
there must be a court to try cases of this kind
which knows nothing about the law, though they
may know something about matters of science. I
think our judges, in the ordinary courts, are as
competent to preside at trials of such cases as any
one else.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If my friend
from Tennessee had no other object in this bill than
to limit litigation and to check fraud, he has been
very unfortunate, I think, in its provisions. I
will say nothing about the generosity of the Sen-
ator, shown in the attempt to make an issue
with me upon the capacity and acquirement of
lawyers, in a chamber in which nearly every
member is of that profession. My remarks dicl
not warrant the attempt. I assail no profession,
and woidd decline to accept that issue, even did I
entertain the opinions he ascribes to me, and were i
the decision to be made by a tribunal differently I
constituted from this, where nearly all the seats, '
and an equal proportion of the ability of the cham-
ber belong to that profession.
The remarks I made in relation to the ability of
the lawyer, as such, to judge of those nice ques-
tions, which are often involved in a patent suit,
cannot be escaped from by construing them into a
hostile charge against the profession. The opiition
. advanced by me was derived from the profession—
from some of its most distinguished members—
from men whose legal and scientific attainments
enabled them to grapple with questions requi-^
ring both kinds of knowledge, and whose opin-
ions will no doubt be received as authority by
most of those who follow the ordinary walks of
the legal profession. Judge Story says that the
patent laws are the metaphysics of the law. He
evidently held that the judges were very poorly
able to decide such cases merely by legal knowl-
edge, however great it might be.
But the Senator drew his argument closer and
closer upon me, until he thought he had me entirely
bound, when, by his last proposition, he reduced
me to the alternative of supposing that the Senate
was not able to legislate upon this subject. I do
not hesitate to tell him that, unaided by the offi-
cers of the bureau, or those equally familiar with
it, the Senate is, in my opinion, unable wisely
to legislate upon the minute details of patents and
the Patent Office. I think it would not detract
from the Senate, but be acting the part'of pru-
dence, to go to those who have special information
before legislating upon such subjects. It is a par-
ticular branch of knowledge; and, if there beany
in this body, they must be very few who are so i
familiar with it as to be able to legislate upon it |
with ordinary confidence. I am offering, in this, '
no reflection 011 any, of which I do not take an
equal share; and am proposing nothing more than
is u^ual in many other branches of legislation not
as intricate as this. 1
I have said that my opinion as to the necessity
of a special court to try patent cases was derived
from the bar itself. I have here an address of the (
Hon. John K. Kane, before the Franklin Insti- 1
tute, at the close of the exhibition of American '
manufactures in 1849, from which I propose to
read an extract. Judge Kane, after stating the
history and steady improvement in our patent
laws, shows how imperfect they still are, and how
much the inventor suffers by them, even as now
improved. The extract is to explain the condi-
tion in which an inventor is placed when he sues
_for the violation of his patent and appears before
the court:
'• Let me explain how this happens. An ingenious man
has invented a labor-saving machine, and obtained a patent
for it. He has begun to use it himself, and has sold licenses
to others. It is a highly useful machine, we will suppose,
producing, it may be, an entire revolution in some branch
of art; its usefulness universally admitted by tile unanimity
with which it is adopted anions his brother mechanics. It
is, in a word, just the sort of invention that confers on
society the highest beneflt^aiul for wlucli society is most
anxious to reward him abundantly.
*■ \ow, just in proportion as his invention is valuable,
just in that proportion is the temptation to defraud him of
it. The invention is at once pirated ; litigation follows, for
bis exclusive title is worthies*, unless vindicated; and in
tins litigation, all who have invaded his rights,and all who
have an interest in breaking them down, present a com-
bined front against hiln.
" Libraries are rummaged to find in ancient books dreamy,
half-formed, unpractical notions, bearing more or less of
the same complexion with the matter ot his invention; wit-
nesses come trorn every quarter to tell of contrivances, like
his in all hilt usefulness, that were once upon a time put
together, in some rude imperfect mechanism, in some out
ot the way place, and then abandoned. Old machines,
that were m the Patent Office before it was burnt, come
out fiom their allies refined, improved, gifted with new
vigor, by the imaginative memory of old men when talking
m things of the olden time ; scientific theorists are called
m, (and there are many such, as impracticable as they are
honest, who can see nothing new 111 any new combination
of known agents,) to puzzle us with their arguments, and
to demonstrate that as the lever, and the pully, and the in-
clined plane, and the wedge, and the screw, are the car-
dinal elements of the patented machine, and as in fact it
consists of nothing else, therefore the invention has no
novelty, and the patent is void.
" The poor inventor sits all this time in the court room,
flushed and fevered, wondering much, and indignant, per-
haps, as he hears that the invention, on which he has been
waiting his strength and his fortunes tor a lifetime, was
known to all the world before he began, though 110 one
thought ot"using it till he took out his patent, and every one
uses it sow.
" But he has his witnesses also, his books, and bis theo-
rists, and peradventure he has been too poor, or too wise,
to retain the ownership, of his patent-right, and having sold
it out to some corporation or some capitalist, he has become
disinterested, and may he a witness himself, to detail in
person the story of his invention.
"The story has been told, and his case is now in the
hands of bis advocates— skillful and conscientious men—
who have sought to master the subject, and have succeeded
in so far reviving their college recollections of mechanical
science as to understand and explain the merits of their
client.
" Their first business is to teach the judge his lesson ; and
this, if we may admit the testimony of the gentlemen of
the bar, is not always an easy one. There are few of us,
indeed, that hold the judicial place, who must not confess
our alienation from all other sciences except our own. The
law is a jealous mistress, that tolerates no divided affec-
tions or pursuits among those who aspire to her favors.
'• Gut let us suppose this difficulty overcome, and that
the judge has succeeded, during his intervals of leisure, as
we term the languid intermissions between the exhausting
sessions of his daily court, in studying as many treatises of
mechanics as are indispensable to a knowledge of the sub-
ject. The next thing is to enlighten the jury, twelve men,
gathered by lot from the streets and the by-ways, to render
unanimous verdicts upon oath—unlearned men, whose of-
fice is to determine and apply scientific truths, when the
learned disagree—arbiters of art often without one particle
of instruction in its simplest dialect.
" They retire to their jury room, and there, without
books to enlighten them, hut with an occasional newspa-
per, perhaps, to lead them astray by some distorted view of
the evidence, or some ignorant commentary upon it, they
begin their consultations for unanimity, stimulated not a
little by the narrow comforts of a closely-locked apartment,
their ' parlor, kitchen, and hall,' on the floor of which,
when night comes, they are permitted to spread their mat-
tresses, and dream of that admirable Procrustean device,
the boast of Anglo Saxondom, which claims to expand one
conscience and contract another, till they shall coincide. If
under circumstances so favorable to a harmonious conclu-
sion of their labors, they obstinately refuse to think alike,
they must be discharged at last, and the whole affair, with
its witnesses, and books, and theories, its expenses and ex-
citement, is to be begun over again, and again, and again,
until twelve ' sober and judicious men' are found to concur
in the tame ' true verdict' upon their oaths.
" For the sake of hurrying through this detail of incidents,
with which all of us are familiar, let me imagine at once
that a verdict has been rendered, that it is in favor of the
patent right, and that the judge is so far satisfied with it as
to refii-e the defendant's 111011011 for a new trial, and that
there is besides no legal eu nse lor submitting the tilial |udg-
nient, by writ of error, to 11 court of review. The patentee
has triumphed in one cause, against one defendant, 111 one
judicial district. Each new defendant, cneh new cause,
opens anew the whole question of the originality of his in-
vention ; and for each succeeding trial, 111 cadi of the thirty-
odd judicial districts of the United States, fiom New Hamp-
shire to Texas, between Tape Cod and San Francisco, the
patentee is to eome prepared witli all his testimony to en-
counter the same vexations, and abide the same hazard.
" Is tills the just and politic reward of inventive talent, for
its self devotion to the public benefit.' I have seen men, over
and again, who had grown gray in litigation and penury bv
seeking 10 vindicate for themselves the rights which the
faith of theUovemment was pledged that they should enjoy.
I have known a patent, among the most meritorious that
have done honor to our country, which, after the lapse of
more than twenty years, had produced nothing to the in-
ventor but barren praise and substantial wretchedness, still
continuing to ' hold the word of promise to the ear, and
break it to the hope.'"
The Senator from Tennessee will now perceive
that his issue is not with me, but with the bar and
the bench. This is the address of a lawyer and a
judge, whose reputation for scientific and legal at-
tainments would borrow nothing from my eulo-
gium, and who is said to be one of the best informed
lawyers in the country upon this particular branch
of his profession, patent cases. Let it not be said
that he attacks the trial by jury; he was directing
his mind to a particular branch of jurisprudence,
and in another part of his address he pays a de-
served compliment to the trial by jury as a safe-
guard of popular rights, but connects with it the
reason why he did believe that a jury trial was not
so favorable to justice in patent cases:
" No one who has studied political history can undervalue
the trial by jury as a safeguard of popular rights. But^ have
not yet found the frank and well practiced jurist who would
he content to trust to its arbitrament an issue involving
large familiarity with science, acute analysis, or continuous
reasonings.
" The metaphysics of social life, which we dominate the
law, rarely challenge more refined and intricate discussions
than some of the questions which arise under our patent
( laws. The difficulty which embarrasses the learned in both
sciences is found, not in determining upon those abstract
truths, which we call fundamental principles, and which
to them are always simple, if not obvious—but in selecting
out from the mass of such tmths, those which apply most
directly to the particular case, and then in assigning to each
its appropriate share of influence or control—and a weary
■ difficulty it often is even for the best of us. But what must
it be for those whose minds have undergone no special
training in science—for whom there are no axioms, no
starting points in argument, 110 definitions, no vocabulary,
no alphabet even ? For we think in words, and cannot be-
gin to reason till we have been instructed in the language
of argument."
! My friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,]
in support of this view, says that Whitney, who
patented an invention for taking the seed out of
cotton, the staple which now controls the com-
merce of the world, was once turned out of court
by a jury, when he brought a suit for an infringe-
ment of his patent. In another part of the ad-
dress is noticed the long succession of suits which
go to test the validity of patents. Each infringe-
ment of the patent, in each of the thirty-one States,
thirty when he made his address, gives so many
opportunities of trying the claim to a patent. The
only difference between this bill and the existing
law being that this provides that there shall be but
one suit at a time. If, then, as is probable, each
should take one year, it would make thirty-one
years, or three years more than double the length
of time for which his patent would run. For this
reason, with others, I preferred, and still prefer,
a special court having exclusive power to try the
validity of a patent, the decision of which, should
be conclusive on that point in all suits arising in
tfce circuit courts, so that those courts should only
I try the question of the infringement of the patent.
| I do not propose now to debate this question
i further. I intended to show the Senator, that in
making an issue with me as one who assailed
either the bar or the bench, he was mistaken.
The authority of Justice Story and Judge Kane
certainly sustain me in the position I took; he must
dispose of them first; he must show me that my
teachers were wrong; he will not easily convince
the Senate that they were prejudiced against the
legal profession.
Mr. TURNEY. I wish to say that I was not
taking issue with the honorable Senator, nor with
the legal profession. I was quoting his own ar-
gument. He says that by this bill it would re-
quire thirty years to bring a patent suit to a close.
It is not so; and his remark only shows that he
, does not understand the provisions of the bill. It
