1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
is true, he may have as many suits as he chooses;
but if he chooses to have but one, and to have his
rijht tested by that, and to put an and to litiga-
tion by it, he can do so. He can have one or
twenty in each State, just as he chooses. But
every man that he sues will, by this bill, have a
right to a scire facias.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to ask this question: Sup-
pose his patent to be infringed in each of the thirty
States of this Union where the inventor endeavored
to enforce his right, and that each infringer serves
this scire facias in each of the States, how can he
answer at the same time?—can he be in all these
{daces at once ?
Mr. TURNEY. That is for the patentee to
determine. If he sues one man in Tennessee and
another in another place, he can apply for'a scire
facias in each place, and it will be for him to ar-
range his own lawsuits for himself. But that is
not at all to my argument. As to the argument
of the judge, so far as it has any bearing on the
case, it is in my favor. The judge goes on to show
that a judgment rendered is not conclusive be-
tween the patentee and anybody eise, except the
particular individual who is sued. The remedy
would be the scire facias. We need not discuss the
question about the propriety of a jury trial; that
question is settled by the Constitution. And why
may we not expect an able jury, who are capable
of deciding even upon a patent case? What is
there about a patent case which requires more
ability than many other cases? Some cases, it is
true, may be intricate, and may'require science to
explain them. But it is so in every kind of law
eases. There may be a degree of science required
to illustrate the case; but that does not prove that
a jury is not capable of passing upon it. If it
was so, if this matter was one of so much diffi-
culty and darkness, I fear that we have nota Com-
missioner who understands his business. Your
Commissioner, a partisan Commissioner, is to give
patents in cases which the Supreme Court is not
competent to revise. I hold to no such doctrine. I
have a better opinion of the several departments
of this Government. I think the Supreme Court
better qualified to revise decisions of the Commis-
Tsioner than the Commissioner is to grant patents
by which he makes those decisions, or than the
President was to select a man for the office of Com-
missioner. Is it to be supposed that where there
issuch a vast mass of business brought before the
Supreme Court, they are not as well prepared to de- 1
cide upon a patent as upon the other cases brought '
before them ? I am happy in having confidence
in the judicial tribunals of my country. I believe
they are as capable of deciding even a patent case
as the Commissioner of Patents himself. There
must be a check upon the granting of patents, ,
some revising power, so that the decisions of the
Commissioner shall not be final and conclusive on
all the world. But according to the view of the
Senator from Mississippi, a man ought not to be
permitted to set up a defence against the decisions
of the Commissioner. I am opposed to making
the judgment of the Commissioner final. I am for '
leaving it to our courts, believing them to be the
better judges in the case; and if there is to be any j
change, I hope it may be a change' for the better. 1
I am of the opinion that the Senator is capable
of making laws upon this subject, notwithstand-
ing his statements in regard to it. If he is not,
then the framers of the Constitution were wrong.
They ought to have provided for a separate branch
of Congress, if nobody but such men as he has
referred to can comprehend this subject, or ue
capable of legislating upon it. I think Congrlfts
is capable of legislating upon it, and that our
judges are capable of trying causes growing out of
it, although it involves many questions of science
and mechanics^
Mr. SEWARD. I labor under some difficulty
in speaking upon this question. My knowledge of
this bill is very imperfect, and I find that in the copy
I have before me the sections are not arranged so
as to enable me to understand the precise bearing
of the amendment under consideration. But, if I
correctly apprehend, the effect of the proposed
amendment is this: that whenever a patentee or
assignee shall bring a suit for the infringement of
his patent, that it shall be the right of. the defend-
ant in that action to sue out a writ of scire facias
against the patentee, and making all persons inter-
ested in the patent parties, to try the validity of
the patent in the court where the original suit is 11
I commenced. That I suppose to be the effect in
| part; and further, that whenever the defendant
! shall have sued out the scire facias, then the ori-
ginal action commenced by the patentee shall be
suspended until a decision shall be had on the scire
facias, involving the validity of the patent.
1 do not see the advantage which is to be gained
in the administration of justice by the proposition
that is'thus submitted. What difference can it
make to either party ? The original action involves
the validity of the patent. The scire facias involves
the same question—the validity of the patent—
upon the title of the patentee to his invention.
The judgment is the same in both cases in its ef-
fect upon the patentee, or upon the validity of his
patent. The scire facias may give further reme-
dies, or the judgment may preclude the plaintiff
from further actions, but so far as the merits of
the controversy are concerned, the judgment is the
same. What reason is there why the plaintiff
should be converted into the defendant every time
that he shall find his invention violated by any pi-
rate on his property ? What justice is there in
depriving him of his advantages of being the actor
and making the other party the respondent ? I do
not perceive the advantage. But, again, there may
be as many writs of scire facias as the infringers
may choose; there may be as many writs of scire
facias all pending at the same time as there are de-
fendants called into court to answer for the viola-
tion of the patent. There is no limitation to the"
right of the defendant to bring the writ of scire fa-
cias. The defendant is obliged, to be sure, to give
security; but on giving security the defendant may
always have his writ of scire facias. Now, there
will be no more actions in the first place, and there
can be no more than the patentee or his assignees
may bring. There may be in the other case, if
this amendment is adopted, just as many suits
pending as there were before; because every de-
fendant may bring his wnit of scire facias, and all
that I can see that is to be accomplished is, that
the defendant is in every case to be converted into
a plaintiff, and a plaintiff into a defendant.
Mr. TURNEY. If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to say in reply to that statement—that the
defendant will be converted into a plaintiff and the
plaintiff into a defendant; that if you will bring
one of these suits, for which a scire facias has been
granted* to trial, and the patent is found invalid
and repealed, that puts an end to all farther litiga-
tion, and every lawsuit, in everybody's name.
Mr. SEWARD. I was coming to that point.
It is a judgment in one case repealing the patent.
What becomes of the other cases in which the same
question is involved? Shall the judgment of one
court be conclusive in all other cases ? Suppose a
judgment is rendered repealing a patent in the
northern district of New York, and there is an-
other ease pending in the southern district of New
York, or in the eastern district of Pemfsylvania,
and a writ of scire facias is pending, is the judg-
ment in the northern district of New York, when
it is rendered by the court, to be conclusive against
the patent in other districts of the United States ?
Mr. DAYTON. I wish to ask the question
whether, if it was any other question which was
to be tried than that of the validity of a patent, a
judgment in' one district would not be equally con-
clusive ?
Mr. SEWARD. The judgment would be con-
clusive between the same persons or their privies
on any other question, and not otherwise, as I
understand it.
Mr. DAYTON. I mean upon the same ques-
tion. Suppose the validity of a note of hand, or
a bond, or anything else is brought for trial in the
southern district of New York, is it conclusive in
every other court ?
Mr. SEWARD. I reply that between the same
parties or privies the judgment of onecourt is con-
clusive on the exact and precise question, but not
unless it be between the same parties, and on pre-
cisely the same question. I now answer further,
that the judgment of. the circuit courts of the Uni-
ted States in the northern district of New York is
not conclusive against the patent between different
parties on different evidence in any other court in
the United States. On the contrary, the same pa-
tent is often held almost daily to be good and valid
in the district of Massachusetts, which is held in-
valid in the district of Pennsylvania.* I thus an-
swer those questions. Now, as I said before, un- '
less the judgment of the repeal of a patent is to be I
conclusive beforeallthe courtsofthe United States,
nothing at all is gained. I do not think this Sen-
ate will be prepared to make the judgment upon a
certain class of proofs in one of the circuit courts
of the United States conclusive upon the validity
of a patent in all other cases of proofs in all the other
courts of the United States. There is already a
mode of ascertaining the validity of patents; and
notwithstanding all that has been said here, I do
, not suppose there can be a better one; nor do I
know that it is necessary that there should be a
better. We know the course which is taken, that,
when a case is brought up from a lower court to
the Supreme Court of the United States, upon cer-
tain proofs, the Supreme Court may make a con-
clusive and final decree upon the validity of any
patent. If the proofs in such a case are suf-
ficiently comprehensive, I do not see that we need
anything more.
Mr. DAYTON. Is that decision authority in
all cases ?
j Mr. SEWARD. It is authority upon the same
I question, upon the same proofs, the evidence being
| the same, and the judgment of the court being the
same, upon the-validity of a patent, it would be
conclusive. But the course generally taken is to
file a bill in equity, in which the circuit court pro-
ceeds without a jury, and where the same*question
is involved. I have known no instance where a
patent has been held valid upon a full examination
of the question of validity in any court of the
United States, which was afterwards held invalid
in any circuit court in any part of the United
States.
i I have made these remarks with reference to the
proposition of introducing as a remedy the scire
facias. I do not see, as I have said, what is gained
by it. I think it tends to the oppression of the
patentee, and of course to the hindrance of justice.
But there is another feature in the matter which
deserves consideration. This proceeding by scire
facias may be got up by collusion. A patent is
valueless except for the reason that it may be as-
i signed, or that licences can be granted upon suffi-
cient compensation for its use. The assignments,
or the licences, thus bring to the inventor the
reward of his invention. Now, any assignee
having an exclusive right in any district in the
United States, may bring this writ of scire facias,
or he may collude to bring the writ of scire facias.
He may therefore become an assignee for the mere
purposes of colluding in the action with some
infringer against the interest of the patentee or in-
ventor; and yet, as I understand it, the judgment
in that court would be conclusive against the pat-
entee or inventor, unless indeed he could show, as
he would have a right to show, the fact of collu-
sion—a fact which, perhaps, would not be within
his knowledge.
I have said this much in relation to the scire facias,
and I wish to say now a word or two with regard
to the provisions of this bill, which attempt to cor-
rect the proceedings on the subject of the reissuing
I of patents.
I believe the history of jurisprudence, in regard
to patents, will bear me out in saying, that until
the year 1836 inventors generally failed in obtain-
ing a reward for their inventions, both in England
and in America; and the great reason why they
failed was a defect in their specifications. I think
any person who will take up the volumes of re-
ports of trials in patent causes, will find that the
: patentee lost his suit in three out of four of all the
! actions that were ever brought. It would be an in-
teresting study to examine the grounds upon which
the patentee was defeated. It would turn out that
it arose from the inability of the patentee or inventor
to describe his invention within the requisitions of
the statute, so as to not only 'give an account of his
own machine, or invention, but to distinguish it
from every other machine or invention that had ever
been known anywhere upon earth. Now the pat-
entee or inventor may be, and usually is, or often is,
an uneducated man; and it is an extraordinary fact,
! that it is easier to produce a valuable and useful in-
! ventisn in the arts than it is to describe it when it has
been produced, so as to separate from it every-
thing that was ever known before, and to set forth
| in the description every essential part of the in-
vention and nothing more. The failure to do this
, was always a cause for defeating the plaintiff either
at law or in equity until the year 1836, when the
Parliament of Great Britain adopted a provision
which authorized patentees to surrender their pat-
