100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
ents and obtain a reissue, on amending the spe-
cifications so as to correct any defects in the for-
mer description of the invention to the require-
ments of the law. But before that improvement
hail taken place in England, the same difficulty
had been experienced in this country for several
years; and Mr. Justice Thompson, when on the
bench of the United States Supreme Court, had
coi.ie to the relief of the patentee, by what seemed
to be an extraordinary stretch of judicial power.
Altliough the acts of Congress did not provide at
all for a surrender and amendment of the specifi-
cations, Mr. Xustice Thompson decided that when-
ever a jlatent was defective and void by reason of
a defective specification, that it was the right of
the patentee to surrender that patentinto the Patent
Office, and take out an amended patent, or a new
patent, or a reissued patent with amended specifi-
cations. Tins question went from the Circuit
Courts of the United States^to the Supreme Court,
and the decision of Mr. Justice Thompson was
approved and confirmed.
Congress in 1836 adopted that principle, and it
stands now a part of the law. It was a necessary
one, as I have shown, by reason of the failure of
justice before it had been adopted both in England
and this;, country. It is an indispensable one.
Now, I have no knowledge and no belief that.it is
fraudulently or oppressively exercised. I do not
see-that any further remedy against the abuse of
it is necessary, because the courts of law are com-
petent to determine whether the patent has been
reissued correctly and justly and rightly, or whether
it has been reissued fraudulently. If it has been
reissued for the same thing and for nothing else,
but only amending it in any point, where the de-
scription of the invention was deficient, then the
amended patent is held valid by the courts of law.
If, on the other hand, anything shall be incorpo-
rated in the description which was not invented
originally by the patentee before his suing out his
original patent, then the amended patent is frudu-
lent and void. I do not know what more in rela-
tion to that subject can be done, or what more is
necessary to be done. In short, it has seemed to
me—with the greatest desire on every occasion to
perfect the patent laws, so as to make them a se-
curity not only for inventors, but also a protection
for citizens against oppression by patentees—that
the general scope and tendency of this bill was to
hinder and defeat the administration of Justice
rather than to assert it; and therefore I snail be
obliged to vote against the proposition of the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, and I look forward
with hope and expectation for the bill which may
be offered as a substitute to it by the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, I will not
complain at the course this discussion has taken;
nor will I complain that on this incidental question
the whole merits of the bill have been debated. 1
wish, however, not to follow the example of the
other Senators. I propose to look at the amend-
ment which is now under consideration. When
the Senator from Mississippi shall offer his sub-
stitute to this bill, the whole argument of the mer-
its of the bill and the merits of the substitute will
be opened to discussion, and will have their due
weight and consideration when called upon to vote.
The question under consideration is the amend-
ment which I have offered to perfect the bill, in
order that it may come in fair competition with
the substitute which may hereafter be offered. I
shall not follow the example of the other members
and travel all over the merits of this bill.
By the provisions of this bill, no person can
apply for a scire facias except the man who has
been sued for an infringement of a patent. The
object of the amendment under consideration is to
leave it in the discretion of the Secretary to stay
proceedings of the suit until the question of the
validity of the patent may be tried t>y the scire fa-
cias. That is the only question submitted by the
amendment now under consideration, and how
that involves all the arguments that have been
urg-ed against it, I am wholly incapable of com-
prehending. I hope the Senate will agree to this
amendment, and then order the substitute of the
committee as amended to be printed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY. I have one other amendment
which I will offer as an additional section; and I
would remark to the Senate that this amendment
is one prepared by the Committee of Patents of the !!
I House of Representatives. They have examined
' this bill and approve of it. They desire that this
amendment should be made, so that if the bill
should pass tlie Senate, it may go through the
House without its passage being jeoparded by its
being sent here again.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" Be it enacted, ire., That copies of foreign patents and
the specifications thereunto belonging, describing any in-
vention or discovery in the arts or sciences that may be cer-
tified as exact copies of the originals by any consul or vice
consul of tlio United States under his hand nnd official seal,
shall be read in evidence in any suit, either in equity or at
law, in any of the courts of the United States, and the con-
sul or vice consul shall be subject to the same penalties for
falsely certifying any of said papers as exist in other cases
of issuing false certificates: Provided, also, That said cer-
tified copies shall be subject to disproval according to the
rules of the common law."
Mr. TURNEY. I will state what I understand
to be the only object and the only effect of this
amendment. As the law now stands, if any in-
vention is made in England or some other foreign
country, and a person sees a patent obtained there,
and its specifications, that person may come here
and obtain a patent for the same discovery, alleging
himself to be the real inventor. The provisions
of the section which I now offer as an amendment
would authorize certified copies of any such for-
eign patent or specifications to be read in evidence,
which would demonstrate to the court and to the
jury that this man was not the inventor of the
thing patented. That I understand to be the whole
, effect and operation of the amendment now under
consideration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY. I now move that the amend-
ment reported by the committee, as it has been
amended, be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I now offer the
substitute of which I spoke. I should have been
very glad if this matter had been postponed, and
the Senate had referred it to the committee with
instructions to examine witnesses, so that the ad-
vice of a commission should have been had upon
it, as it were the teachings of a convention of
savans, lawyers, judges, experts, and inventors.
Then a committee from this source might have pre-
pared a satisfactory bill. But, knowing the de-
termination of the chairman of the Committee on
I Patents to pass a bill, I have obtained from such
sources as I deemed best the information upon
which the substitute which I now offer is based.
It adds some provisions which are new, and other-
wise generally conforms to the act of 1836, to
which it is amendatory. I have endeavored to
avoid what I think a great error in the bill before
us—going back over the experience of many years,
and readopting the original provisions of the act
of 1793, which had been found defective in prac-
tice, exploded, and upon the ruins of which had
been reared the present act of 1836. I ask that
the substitute be printed for the use of the Senate.
The substitute is to strike out all of the amend-
ment reported by the committee as amended, and
to insert an entirely new bill. It was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not pro-
pose at this time to enter into any discussion of
the substitute which I have offered, as I believe it
was the understanding that this bill should not be
finally acted upon until the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] should return. I think the further
consideration of the bill had better be postponed
until some future day.
Mr. TURNEY. I do not perceive any neces-
sity for that. I desire myself that the bill shall
not be finally acted upon until the arrival of the
Senator from Georgia, if he should arrive in sea-
sonable time.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the bill was laid
upon the table.
RECESS.
Mr. BADGER. At the request of a number
of friends around me, I desire, now to submit what
is called the usual and appropriate motion, at this
period of the session—the Christmas holidays not
yet being over—that when the Senate adjourn to-
day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope that the motion
will not be adopted. At any rate, I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Benton, Bernen,
Chase, Clarke, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Douglas,
Ewing, Foote, Gwin, Mamiuni, Mason, Miller, Morton,
I'helps, Pratt, Seward, and Uphain—20.
NAYS—Messrs. lJaldwin, Borland, Bradbury, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Downs, Felch, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Norris, Sebastian,
Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Wales, and Walker—1«.
! So the motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 20, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
' Mr. VINTON said that the Hon. Daniel F.
Miller, the Representative elect from the First
Congressional district of Iowa, was present and
desirous of taking his seat.
Mr. MILLER then presented himself at the bar
of the House, and was qualified by taking the
usual oath to support the Consiitution of the Uni-
ted States. He tnen took his seat.
Mr  DANIEL moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the private calendar.
CHARLOTTE LYNCH.
Mr. MARSHALL reminded the House that
on the last private bill day the subject pending
when the House adjourned, was the bill for the
relief of Charlotte Lynch. He expressed the hope
that the House, before going into committee,
would dispose of the motion to reconsider in con-
nection with that bill.
Mr. DUNHAM suggested that it would be bet-
ter to go into committee on the private calendar,
and after the committee shall hitve risen, to then
take up and dispose of the motion indicated by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. POTTER inquired of the Chair whether
it would be in order to submit a motion to sus-
pend the rules to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER said he would entertain such a
motion.
The question now being on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] it was taken
by tellers, (Messrs. Fowler and Potter acting,)
and decided in the negative—ayes 47, noes 74.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Daniel, it was taken and carried in the affirma-
tive; and
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Schenck in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bills on the private calendar.
COLONEL JOHN H. STONE.
The CHAIRMAN said that the first bill in or-
| der was that for the relief of the legal representa-
; tives of Colonel John H. Stone.
Mr. MILLSON said: I had supposed that the
gentleman who objected to the bill on a former
occasion, would make opposition to it now. As
he has not thought proper, however, to do so, or
may not be in his «eat, I deem it my duty to pre-
sent to the consideration of the committee a few
of the objections which I have to the relief asked
i for in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. I will inform the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] that if there
is no objection to the bill, it will be laid aside to
be reported to the House. The objections made
u n a former occasion have no weight at the
present time.
Mr. MILLSON. I presume the Chair is la-
boring under the impression that I am friendly to
the bill. I beg leave to state that such is not the
case, as my purpose is to oppose its passage.
Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, I do not concur in the
favorable report of that committee, and I deem it
my duty, therefore, to indicate some of the ob-
jections which prevented me originally, and which
still prevent me from giving my assent to the
passage of this bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a point of order. Is
it in order to make objections to the consideration
of bills oil the private calendar to-day?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is open now for
amendment and discussion. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] is proceeding to discuss
