|850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
the bill; and it is in order to do so,-as this is not 1
the day, under the rules, that an objection to a bill
will prevent its consideration.
Mr. M1LLSON resumed. This is a bill, Mr.
Chairman, which appropriates money to the heirs
ol" Colonel John H. Stone. Colonel Stone was,
I *ni willing to concede, a highly distinguished
officer of the revolutionary war, and displayed
great valor and bravery in many of the battles of
the Revolution. He received a wound, I think,
at the battle of Germantown, which caused him
treat physical suffering during the whole of his
life, and which induced him, as his heirs affirm,
from motives of patriotism, to resign his commis-
sion in the Army. Colonel Stone survived until
aome time in the year 1801, and during all that time
he never made any application to Government for
relief of any kind. But in the year 1818, the pres-
ent claimants and heirs-at-law of Colonel Stone
applied to Congress for the payment of commu-
tation as due to their ancestor.
1 have before me the report of the Committee
oil Revolutionary Claims, made to this House
upon the petition of these heirs in 1818. The re-
port was adverse, it appearing very plainly, from
the statements of the petitioners themselves, that
Colonel Stone had not served until the close of the
revolutionary war, and, therefore, that he was
not entitled to receive the commutation.
No further demand was made upon the Govern-
ment until the year 1834, when the claimants pre-
sented another petition to the Senate, claiming,
first, commutation as before; secondly, his pen-
sion, under the act of the Continental Congress
of 1776, or an alternative grant of bounty lands.
The report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims in the Senate was again adverse to the pe-
titioners. That report took the ground, that they
were not entitled to commutation, because that
was due only to those officers who had served to
the close of the war. They were not entitled to
the pension, because it had not been claimed by
Colonel Stone in his lifetime, and because a pen-
sion is not a debt due from the Go vernment which
descends U> the heirs of the party. The report
considered a pension as a mere gratuity—a favor
which the party claiming it may waive entirely,
if he does not think proper to claim at the proper :
time, and which he cannot be entitled to unless he ;
complies with the preliminary conditions; one of I
which is, that he shall make oath that he is unable I
to support himself, and that his necessities are i
such as to require the aid of the Government. 1
wish that the Clerk may read as much of the re-
port aa I have indicated, and particularly the sec- ■
tions of it to which I have referred: |l
" Your committee have considered this branch of the sub- !|
jeet attentively, and have come to the conclusion, that the I!
provisions made by Congress for the allowance of pensions, 11
were provisions intended for the maintenance and support i
of those disabled in the public service; that they were per- |
tonal, and upon condition that .the disabled person needed
the aid of Government, pmonaUy applied for it, made the
oath prescribed, and furnished the other testimony required.
The person disabled by wounds was made, exclusively, the !
judge whether he needed the money provided for his sup- 1
port. If fee applied, took the necessary oath, and fur-
nished the requisite evidence, no one could say to him he
was so well off that he did not stand in need of the money,
and thereby defeat his claim; nor could any one, in his
lifetime, claim kit pennon for Aim, on the ground that he
was in indigent circumstances, and from pride, patriotism,
or any other motive, was improperly sacrificing his own in-
terest, and that he should receive what he was entitled to.
As Colonel Stone died without having complied with the
conditions precedent, and upon which his title to the pen-
sion depended; and as, from the nature of these condi-
tions, his heirs cannot comply with them, they have no
claim to the money which the fether mi;ht have been wall
entitled to if he had made the necessary application, ac- :
eompanied by the testimony necessary. I
" VVoold it not seem straiuce that a proud, high-minded,
gallant, and distinguished officer should be unwilling, all j
his life, whether rich or poor, to be placed on the pension
Hat, lest it might lessen his claim to patriotism, should
transmit to his representatives, often not of his blood, such
a title to a pension, & would enable them to commute for j
money that which he considered beyond price ?"
Mr. M. continued. That is the extract I referred
to. It is a report of the committee in the Senate,
which had the subject under consideration in the
year 1834; but I ought, in fairness, to say, that
there have been many, very many, reports made
upon this case at different periods; some of them
favorable, but most of them adverse to the claims
of the petitioners. \
There are many objections which occur to me
might be made to the passage of this bill, and
which might, perhaps, have an important bearing
upon its favorable reception in this House, but
which, for a very obvious reason, it might be a
matter of some delicacy for me to urge at this time.
This bill was reported by a gentleman [Mr.
Butler, of Pennsylvania,] whose loss we all la-
ment, and who would doubtless have been pre-
pared to urge its passage. I do not know that
there is any gentleman present who is now pre-
pared to do so. Under these circumstances, I do
not think it proper, certainly not necessary, that I
should say more to the committee, than merely
to present some of the objections which induced
me, when the claim was before the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to withhold my assent to
the recommendation made in the report of that
committee. 1 have done no more than this, as
there was no one present prepared to vindicate
the bill, but when 1 saw it about to be laid aside,
without comment, I felt it my duty to offer the
objections which 1 have presented.
1 now move that this bill be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Chairman, it is but re-
cently that I became acquainted with the merits of
this claim, and, of course, I have not been able to
collect such evidence in relation to it as, in justice,
ought to be presented for the consideration of the
committee. If the able member of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, who presented the report
of that committee, were now here, with all the
evidence which I have reason to believe he had
collected in relation to it, I doubt whether there
would have been a dissenting voice among us. If
this claim had been presented under such circum-
stances, it would have commanded the unanimous
consent of the House.
From the slight information I have been able to
gather from the report of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, the action which has been taken
at various periods in relation to it may be summed
up in a few words. In the report No. 40, of the
second session of the Twenty-first Congress, it ap-
pears that Colonel Stone entered the army of the
Revolution in the year 1776; that during-the time
he continued in the army, he rose from the rank of
Captain to that of Colonel; that in the sanguinary
battle of Germantown, he received such wounds as
rendered him wholly incapable of service; that in
consequence of such wounds, he was obliged to
resign his commission and retire from the army,
i The act of Congress passed 26th of August,
I 1776, declared that every commissioned officer,
non-commissioned officer, and private soldier, who
should lose a limb in any engagement, or who
should, in any way, become disabled in the service
of the United States, shallreceive from the time of
his retiring from the service of the United States,
during his lifetime, one half his regular monthly
^e committee reported that the evidence on file
was satisfactory in showing that Colonel Stone
was disabled by reason of wounds received by him
in the battle of Germantown, and that his dis-
ability continued to the time of his death. It ap-
pears, by evidence on file, that in January, 1803,
Colonel Stone made application to the then Secre-
tary of War for the half pay to which he was en-
titled, to commence with the first day of August,
1779, at which time he resigned his commission
and retired from the service of the United States;
that his application was then refused, but the Sec-
retary of War proposed that he should receive liis
half pay, from the time his application was made,
being in 1803, and that the time when the payment
should commence was the only objection which
was made to the claim.
I understand the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] to say, that Colonel Stone never asserted
his right to compensation under the act of 1776.
I will say that if he so asserts, he is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. MILLSON. I am aware that the report
states, that application, was made io his lifetime,
and that the report was favorable; but if the gen-
tleman will examine into the matter he will find
the application made by Colonel Stone was not,
like the present one by his heirs, for pension, but
for the settlement of accounts which he held against
the Government.
Mr. BOWIE. I presume that tl>e House are
acting upon the report of its own committee. In i
the absence of all proof, the inference is irresisti- .
ble, that the last report' is the' true report. The I
last committee had the benefit of the communica- '
tions of those committees which preceded it, and
it was their duty to avail themselves of such
knowledge. It would be entirely unreasonable
for this House to infer that they have not only
neglected their duty, but perverted the facts.
The committee who made this report, assert
that there is satisfactory evidence on file, that
Colonel Stone presented his application for the
benefit of the law of 1776, and that the application
| was refused, solely because the Secretary of A#ar
j thought him entitled only from the date of his ap-
j plication, and not from the date of his resignation. •
I The report of your committee also shows that
Colonel Stone soon after decided to appeal from
the decision of the Secretary to the next Congress,
the then Congress being near its close. But be-
fore the appeal could be made to the next Con-
gress, against the decision of the Secretary of
War, the death of Colonel Stone took place, and
the claim was not urged.
That claim is yet alive, and is urged by his heirs.
It is true, as stated by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] that the same committee,
upon a partial examination of his case, perhaps,
have reported unfavorably; but it is equally true
that, from 1836 to the present time, there has been
a series of favorable reports made, and it is only
for want of time that this House has not done jus-
tice to this noble and gallant hero of the revolu-
tionary war. I am sure that, after this House has
acted so generously towards the heroes of the
Mexican war, and after they have remunerated so
nobly the soldiers who rendered their services to
the country in the late war of 1812, and the Indian
wars that have succeeded since, they will be dis-
posed to favor the claim of an officer of the revo-
■ lutionary war, who raised troops by his own per-
sonal endeavors, using his own personal funds;
' who took his position in the front of battle at Ger-
mantown, ana who fell covered with incurable
wounds, I am confident that, after a full consid-
: eration of facts like these, this House will not re-
fuse the small pittance which this report proposes
to give. In my humble judgment, such a denial
would be as gross an act of base ingratitude as
! any of which Republics have ever been accused,
i and of which I hope this Republic will never give
us another example.
It appears, Mr. Chairman, from the report of
this committee, that in a precisely similar case—
thecaseof Lieutenant Richard Wilde—this House,
or rather the Congress of theUliited States, passed
an act entitling him to the benefit of the resolu-
tions of Congress of 1776. This resolution is un-
questionably binding upon the Congress of the
' United States throughout all time. It is not one
I of those claims against which the act of limitations
can ever be pleaded. It is one of those claims
whose justice increases year by year, and day by
day, and yet accumulating with mere geometrical
ratio, as long as it remains unpaid. I hope this
House will not hesitate to sanction, unanimously,
I the report of the committee, and that their action
will be such as to secure the speedy passage of the
I bdl.
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Chairman, this is a case
: that has been awaiting the action of Congress
many years. I have not examined it sufficiently
to understand it very well myself, but I wish to
present some of the facts in its history for the
consideration of the House; and then they can
! give them what weight they think proper. I hold
in my hand a report published by the Senate last
year, showing the history of the action of the
Senate upon the cases that they have had from
time to time before them. Such a report is in the
course of preparation for this House, but has not
yet been completed. •
! Now, from this report, it appears that this case
was before the Twenty-second Congress at its
first session, and a report adverse to the bill in
question was made at that time. At the second
session of the same Congress, the bill was again
under consideration, but in that case the petition-
ers asked and had leave to withdraw their papers.
I At the Twenty-third Congress, first session, there
j was again an adverse report in the same matter;
j and at its second session there was another ad-
verse report. At the Twenty-fourth Congress," it
was rejected, and leave was granted to withdraw
the papers in the case. At the Twenty-fifth Con-
gress, first session, the committee was discharged
I from its consideration; and at the second session
I it was rejected again. At the first session Twen-
