104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
sion agent, during a time when there was a law
expressly prohibiting that he should receive any
compensation for those services. It is known to the
House that during the existence of the Bank of
the United States, these pensions were paid free
of charge; but when that bank broke down in 1836,
Congress then passed a law putting that matter
under the control of the Secretaries of the Navy
and of the Treasury. It passed a law authorizing
them to appoint agents to pay pensions, but ex-
pressly prohibiting them from paying anything to
those agents. I have here the act of the 20th of
April, 1836, to which I call the attention of the
committee. It says:
[Mr. T. here read an extract from the law:
'•Thatall laws and parts of laws, authorizing orrequiring
the Bank of the United States, or its branches to pay any
pensions granted under the authority of the United States,
shall be, and the same are hereby, repealed; and such pay-
ments shall be hereafter made at such time and place, by
such persons or corporations, and under such regulations
as the Secretary of War may direct; but no compensation
or allowance shall be made to such persons or corporations
for making such payments, without authority of law.
"Approved, April 20th, 1836."
Thisact passed on the 20th of April, 1836. Well,
sir, under that act of Congress, or about that time,
the Secretary of the Navy appointed the president
of the bank at Norfolk, Virginia, to pay pen-
sions. He wrote to the Secretary of theTreas-
surv, that by an article in the charter he and
and the cashier of the bank were both prohibited
from taking any office under the United States
Government during the time they held the posts;
but he added, that if Mr. Wilkinson was appointed
agent, the public funds intrusted to his keep-
ing might be deposited in the bank, and he would
guaranty their safety. Mr. Wilkinson was then
appointed, and performed the duties up to 1838.
Here is the letter appointing him, written by Mr.
Dickerson, and dated the 30th March, 1836. He
says:
" Navy Department, March 30, 1836.
" The president of the Bank of Virginia has informed
the department that the charter of the bank prohibits him
and the cashier from holding any appointment of trust or
profit under the United States; and therefore neither of
these gentlemen can be agent for payment of navy pensions.
He also requests that yon shall be made agent, and states
that the bank will become responsible for the money in-
trusted to your care. You are accordingly hereby appoint-
ed agent, and in the settlement of your accounts you will
pursue the instructions furnished to the president of ttim
bank by the Second Comptroller and Fourth Auditor."
Now on the 13th of March, 1838, Mr. Dicker-
son, still Secretary of the Navy, wrote Mr. Wil-
kinson a letter, dismissing him from the service, in
which he tells him:
" Navy Department, March 13,1838.
" Sir : Your letter of the 28th ultimo to the Hon. Mr.
Mallory was referred to this Department by his letter of the
8th instant, expressing an opinion in favor of your claim.
" The business of the navy pension agency at Norfolk
was formerly transacted by the United States Branch Bank
without charge; and in no instance has any compensation
been made to the deposit banks for performing the duties of
navy pension agents, the advantage of having the deposits
being considered as equivalent for such service.
"It would seem that your claim for services as navy pen-
sion agent should be made to the bank in whose employ
you were, and who received the benefits of the deposits—
at least for the period during which the bank received the
deposits."
The letter from Mr. Wilkinson, referred to by
the Secretary of the Navy, was one calling upon
the Department to pay him for his services.
Here, now, is a letter from Mr. Edwards, Com-
missioner of Pensions, in 1847, addressed to the
Hon. John Y. Mason, then Secretary of the
Navy. Upon this subject, he says:
" Sir : I herewith return the papers in relation to the
claim of Mr. John G. Wilkinson, for compensation as agent
for paying Navy pensioners.
" It appears that on the^5th of March, 1836, the President
of the Branch Bank of Virginia at Norfolk, was appointed
tgent for paying Navy pensioners. The president declined
the appointment, as he could not accept of any office un-
der the Federal Government consistently with the law :
chartering the bank. On the 30th of the same month, Mr.
Wilkinson was appointed agent. The bank became re-
sponsible for the money intrusted to his care. In the letter
of appointment, nothing whatever is said concerning com-
pensation.
" In the enclosed memorandum, itis stated that Mr. Wil-
kinson applied for compensation on the 16th January, 1838.
I know nothing of such an application. When the Navy
pension business was transferred from the Navy Depart-
ment to this office, in 1840, no letters from pension agents
w^re sent from the Department with the other paper? con-
nected with the business. I can, therefore, report norhm*
in the matter but what appears from letters from the Secrc-
tarv of the Navy recorded in the letter books. ,
" I find a letter addressed to Mr. J. G. Wilkinson, dated
on the 23d January, 1838, in the following words:
t(i Yours ©f the 16th instant has been received. In an- (
|swer, 1 have to state that your application shall be respect-
!ully considered.1 ^
* On the 13th March, 1838, George Loyall, Es?q., was ap-
pointed pension agent; and on that day a letter was ad-
| dressed to Mr. Wilkinson, iPwhich the Department declined
i making any compensation tor his service. A copy oi that
| letter is herewith enclosed. Tius office affords noturther
I information on the subject."
Now, I have another letter here, written in 1847,
by Mr. William B. Lamb, late president of the
Bank of Virginia. He is the individual who was
first appointed. He says:
" The Government found it necessary to appoint an agent
—requiring both capacity and integrity—to pay off and set-
tle with the pensioners in and near tins city. The Secretary
p( the Navy applied to me, and requested that I would ac-
cept the appointment. I refused it, and it was tendered to
you, by whom the duties were performed for about two
years; and I know that they were faithfully performed, and
with much care and trouble on your part. The bank was
| in no manner responsible for the performance of your du-
ties, nor liable to you in the way of compensation; nor do
I perceive any reason why you have not be«n paid by your
employers, as other agents were and since then have been."
Then, here is a letter from the Hon. John Y.
Mason, written on the 4th of November, 1847,
in which he says:
" Sir : Your letier of the 12th ultimo, in relation to the
claim of Mr. John G. Wilkinson, was duly received, with
its enclosures.
" From the length of time which has elapsed since the de-
cision of the Secretary ot the Navy denying compensation,
the Department cannot open the case and make any allow-
ance, without the authority of Congress. A wise rule tor-
bids the reexamination ot such cases atter they have been
| decided, and those familiar with the circumstances have re
I tired from office."
! Now, I beg leave, in connection with these facts
here exhibited, to submit a remark or two to the
consideration of the committee. There was a
period, after the failure of the Bank of the United
: States, of a number of years—1 forget the number,
i and should be much obliged if tiny gentleman w(JUld
state in what year Congress passed the law au-
thorizing the payment of commissions to pension
agents?—
Mr. EJWING. It was in 1836.
Another Member. No, it was in 1837.
Mr. THOMAS. In 1836 the Bank of tire Uni-
ted States failed to pay pensions, and Congress
then passed a law authorizing certain heads of De-
partments to employ other agents, but expressly
providing that no compensation should be paid to
such agents, whether they be private individuals
or corporations.
This remained the law for ten years, during
which time nearly $2,000,000 were paid out in the
shape of pensions annually, which money had been
deposited in various banks, and they had the bene-
fit of those deposits. W hen the pensions were not
paid by corporations, they were generally paid by
men of large capital. These men of large capital
and corporations had the benefit arising from a use
of the public funds; and, by referring to the his-
tory of the country, it will be manifest that much
larger deposits were made in this way for the pur-
pose of paying pensions, during this interval of
ten years, and placed in the hands of these indi-
viduals, or corporations, than were actually neces-
sary, and this was done in order to give these cor-
porations, or individuals, the full advantage of
these funds, the full benefit of the deposits.
Mr. Chairman, this was tha policy of the Gov-
ernment for ten years; and during a part of that
time this individual (who presents the claim we
are now discussing) exercised the duties that were
placed upon him, voluntarily, and at the request of
the president of the Bank of Norfolk, Virginia.
That bank kept his deposits. In his memorial he en-
ters a grave complaint against the Navy Depart-
ment for refusing the sum of two and a half per
cent, upon the amount of pensions paid. Now I
say, he undertook all this, knowing the law did not
remunerate him, and therefore I think he ought
not to be remunerated.
1 wish to call the attention of the committee to
another consideration. If this claimant is to be
paid, why should we not pay others who have qn
equal right to payment? I know that there are
a great many in the Union—some in my State—
who have taken upon themselves great responsi-
bility in the payment of these pensions, and they
are as much entitled as anybody is to remunera-
tion. And, if you do this, and make this a gen-
eral bill, and remunerate all these persons, you
will have to expend $500,000 or #1,000,000. If
you are not prepared to do this, you should refuse
this claim at once.
The properand legitimate way to do is to reject
this claim, and then it will be for the consideration
of this House hereafter, to see if they are prepared
to compensate all these persons who come and
prefer claims on this ground. But this plan of
selecting one out of five hundred is,in my opinion,
very improper. There are many individuals just
as deserving as this one, and if this ought to be
allowed, it must be made, as I have said, a general
law. There is no legal nor moral reason why we
should pass this claim; for there are no stronger
or more conclusive arguments in favor of this
case than any other. I therefore move, sir that
this bill be laid aside, with the recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. This case
seems a very simple one, sir, and one which ap-
pears to me, in which there cannot be the slightest
doubt of the propriety and justice of making the
payment which is proposed m the bill now before
the committee. It seems, sir, when the public
moneys were removed from the Bank of the United
States, the pension fund was offered to the bank
I of Virginia, and that bank refused to receive it and
perform the duties of pension agent. It was then ,
at the suggestion of the president of that bank,
• handed over to the petitioner in this case, (Mr.
Wilkinson,) who performed the duties of pension?
i agent, of course with the expectation of being
reasonably compensated for the performance of
that duty. At that time, sir, there was no law
that prohibited such a payment as is now proposed
to be made. Afterward the law which has been
read by my colleague [Mr. Thomas] was passed.
But I have observed that my very worthy colleague,
| distinguished for his zeal in business of this kind,
has not laid so much stress upon a particular
clause in this act as would have been entirely just
to the claimant. I have no doubt that his zeal for
Government makes him forget and overlook what
is due to those who have claims against the Gov-
ernment.
Now 1 must beg you and the committee to un-
derstand, Mr. Chairman, that this law was not a
law at the time this man was appointed agent,
and therefore, of course, he was not acting under
this law; he did not accept the appointment under
this law. "But no compensation ot-allowance'
shall be made to such persons or corporations for
making such payments without authority of law."
Why, sir 
Mr. THOMAS, (interposing.) I would in -
quire of the gentleman whether there-is any law
authorizing such payment?
Mr. STANTON, (resumiag.) By no. means;
but he might very reasonably come and ask you
to pass a law to authorize the payment, and that
law contemplated this very state of things. Cer-
tainly it did not expect that any case of this kind,
wherebanksrefusedand individuals were required,
to take upon themselves the burden of performing
this duty without compensation, however meri-
torious their services were.
But, sir, my honorable colleague read a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Dickerson;
but there is one clause of that letter which the
honorable gentleman did not think proper to read;
and this omission I must supply for him. "Your
case," says he, in writing to this very petitioner,
Mr. Wilkinson, "as well as others of a like char-
acter, can only be provided for by some general
regulation authorized by law, which, I think, re-
quites the interposition of Congress."
Sir, he pointed him to Congress as the proper
place to get what was due to him. Well, my
worthy colleague has also referred to the presi-
dent of the Bank at Norfolk;.and there again my
worthy and honorable colleague, in his zeal in
the resistance of a claim which seems to me to
be perfectly just, has omitted to read a portion of
the aforesaid letter, which is certainly favorable
to the claimant.
The President of the bank says:
" The Government found it necessary to appoint an ajfpnt,
requiring both capacity and integrity, to pay over and settle
with the petitioners in and near this city. The Secretary
of the Navy applied to me, and requested that I would ac-
cept the appointment. I refused, and it was tendered to
you, by whom the duties were performed for about two
years, and I know that they were faithftilly performed, and
with much care and trouble on your part. The bank was
in no manner responsible for the performance of your du-
ties, nor liable to you in the way of compensation; nor do
I percpive any reason why you have not been paid by your
employers, as other agents were and since have been."
This is the portion of the letter which my hon-
orable colleague did not think it necessary to read.
