106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Deo. 3*),
making any distinctions. His was a meritorious
case: and if it is to be rejected by the committee,
there is 110 reason why we should make a distinc-
tion in favor of (he bill now before us. I shall, there-
fore, from the information I have received, vote for
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. CONGER rose, but gave way to
Mr. AVERETT who said: With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from New York, I will sav a
word or two more 111 relation to the facts of this
case. I am as much opposed to back pensions as
any member of this House, and I hope I shall be al-
lowed to state that, as a member of this committee,
I have uniformly set my face against them. But
I wish to know, Mr. Chairman, whether a peti-
tioner, who came forward and proved to the sat-
isfaction of a committee of this House years ago,
that he was an invalid, laboring under disabilities
inflicted upon htm in the service of his country, in
the line of his duty, is to be rei^irded as the re-
cipient of a back pension, because of the delin-
quency of Congress in not acting on his case
Now, sir, I stated when I was up before, that I
Heliered a bill had been reported as far back as
1834 for the relief of this invalid. I find by a
hasty glance at his papers filed, that I was mis-
taken 111 this. He petitioned in 1833, but the bill
for his relief was not reported until 1842. That
bill ^reported by Mr. Gordon, granted the peti-
tioner a pension from 1834, the period at which
the committee considered his case made out; but
owing to the neglect of Congress, he has not yet
obtained relief.
Now the principle we have adopted is this, (and
I hold it to be a sound one,) that whatever may
have been the delinquency or the non-action of
Congress, the pensioner ought to receive a pension
from the time when he established his clsim to it.
I hold that this claim was established in 1834, as
is evidenced by the report made by Mr. Gordon at
thesessionof 1842. I am willing, however, to adopt
the amendment, that the pension shall commence
from the time when the first report was made.
But I repeat the fact, that the claim was fully es-
tablished as stated in the report of 1842, and that
after a thorough reexamination of all the testi-
mony, the committee of last session arrived at the
same conclusion. He was, however, willing that
the pension commence from the year 1842.
Mr. PRESTON KING said: The gentleman
from Virginia seems to suppose that the pension
ought to date from the time when the pensioner
made out his application. Such is now the law of
the land. Whenever a person claiming a pension
shall have made out his case and proved his right
to it, it is granted to him; but when he cannot
do so he comes to Congress for relief, and asks a
soecial law for his benefit, granting him a pension
whe 1 he has not made out his cage according to
the law. If he had done that, he would have no
occasion to come here at all. The uniform practice
of the House, or nearly the uniform practice, has
been, not to go back with these pensions. It
would be a dangerous precedent to establish, and
would afford a great temptation to procure false
testimony, which would not be used under other
circumstances. 1 say this from the experience
which I have had as chairman of that committee
for one Congress. There the rule was inexorable
not to give back pensions, and I think from mo-
tives of good policy.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I know some-
thing about this case. I happen to know the ap-
plicant, and I know it to be a meritorious case.
Congress has neglected its duty towards him ses-
sion after session and year after year. For fifteen -
years he has been endeavoring to pick up a preca-
rious subsistence at home, disabled and broken
down as he is by infirmity and disease brought
upon him by his services. While this has been
going on—while Congress has been neglecting its
duty towards him, he has been struggling along,
trying to pick up a subsistence, and now gentle-
men seem disposed to allow him a pension only
from January, 1851.
If there is any merit at all in this case, as I in-
sist there is, (and I speak from my knowledge of
the applicant,) I hold that he is entitled to a pen-
sion reaching back through a long series of years.
I am not particular about its running back to 1834,
though I do hold that it is a safe rule for this com-
mittee to adopt, to allow a pension from the time
when the case was perfected and the case* estab-
lished. * i
The papers in this case show that this was done 1
in 1834. This case should, therefore, have been
acted on by Congress years ago. The claimant
is not responsible for tk'e neglect of Congress; and
because Congress has not acted 011 it, shall this
individual be cut otl' from an amount of money
which he would have received, had his case been
acted on favorably at the time it was presented
here? I hold tiiat he should not. This is not
a back pension, as I understand it. What I un-
derstand by a back pension, is one which allows
the individual to draw the pension dating from the
time when he received the injury. No such claim
is made here; nothing of the kind "is asked. But
the Committee on Invalid Pensions have asked
that if we allow this individual anything—and I
do think he is entitled to what the committee have
reported—lie shall receive what he would have re-
ceived had his name been placed upon the roll at
the time his papers were presented here.
Mr. JONES. Mr Chairman, this case, of itself,
is of very little importance, I presume, to any per-
son except to the individual for whose benefit the
bill is proposed to be passed. But there are im-
portant interests involved in the principle which
it contains. That principle is one which, if es-
tablished by this Government, will take from the
Treasury thousands upon thousands of dollars.
As the general law of the land is at present, there
are two very important requirements in order to en-
able a person to obtain an invalid pension. The first
is, that he has received a wound or an injury while
m the military-serviceof his country and in the line
of his duty. That fact is shown here by the report
of the committee. Another thing that is required
of him is, that he shall show, by reputable sur-
geons or physicians, the degree of disability re-
sulting from the injury he has received while in
the line of his duty and in the military service of
the country. That great fact, without which no
pension can be granted under the general law of
the land, is not shown by this report. The com-
mittee do not show whether he is totally disabled,
three fourths, two thirds, onehalf, one third, or one
fourth disabled; but they propose to give him the
pension of a three fourths disability. If that is not
shown—if the degree of disability cannot be
proved—the party can receive no pension at the
Pension Office under the general law. Hence this
case is brought here. Butsupposethisindividual's
case is made out—that he did receive this injury
while in the line of his duty and the military ser- j
nee of his country, and the degree of disability is
also shown: then his name would be placed on I
the pension roll, and he would receive the rate of
pension allowed by law, from the time that that
proof was perfected, and not from the time he re-
ceived the injury.
Then it is for the purpose of getting a greater
amount of pension than the general law allows, or
of getting a pension by means of proof which the
feneral law does not deem sufficient, that the in-
ividual comes here.
If we give this individual a pension from the
time he received the injury, we invite every in-
valid pensioner to come and get a back pension
from the time he received his injury, and not from
the time he perfected the proof of disability and
the degree of disability. If we adopt the princi-
ple in this case, it will apply to all similar cases.
How many of these cases there are, I am not able
to say. I will mention one, which I presented to
the Pension Office during the last session of Con-
fress. That was for an officer who claimed to
ave been wounded at the battle of Talladega, in
the year 1813. The case was made out by com-
petent proof, that he had received the injury in the
battle of Talladega; that it was a total disability;
and the Commissioner of Pensions placed that per-
son upon the pension roll at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per month from the time the proof was per-
fected.
Rut, sir, there was another circumstance con-
nected with his case. He had prepared the proof
which the provisions of the law required, and gave
it to me. On my way here, my trunk, containing
the application, the papers, and the proof, was
stolen; and consequently he had to make them out
again. I afterwards recovered a part of those pa-
pers, but not the whole of them. I was, however,
ready to certify, from my recollection of them, that
the papers which were made out the second time
were the same as those stolen from me. The same
facts were proven in both sets of papers. In con-
sequence of the first being stolen, some two months
elapsed before the second set of papers could be got
ready and sent on here; and he only obtained a
Eension from the day that the proof was perfected
y the second set of papers.
The case to which I have referred and the one
presented by this bill, are as nearly similar as
two cases can be. This person received his
wound, I understand, while upon parade, in the
military service of the country. The person to
whom 1 have referred—and who received a pen-
siop for a total disability from the time the proof
was perfected—received a wound in the ankle by
a poisoned arrow at the bnttle of Talladega, in
1813. If we adopt the principle proposed in this
bill, we will have to go back and give a pension
in that case from 1813 to 1850, a period of thirty-
seven years. Then the person to whom I have
referred will be entitled, according to this princi-
ple, if we establish it, to thirty-seven years back
pension, which would amount to $8,900. Here
nearly $9,000 would have to be paid in one case.
The presumption in that, as in all other cases, is,
that this individual did know of the law for his
benefit, but that he did not deem himself to be in
such circumstances as to require him to make
application to his Government for this allowance,
to which he was entitled, in consequence of the
injury he had received, and his disability to obtain
his support by manual labor.
If we give the individual in this case a back
pension, we establish the principle of making
these allowances of back pensions. If the princi-
ple is right in one case, it is right in all cases; and
instead of legislating in this way upon a special
case, we should pass a general law, and say all
these pensions should go back and date from the
day of the injury which produced the disability.
Mr. AVERETT. Will tlje gentleman allow
me to correct him ? The individual in this case
asks for no such thing as he supposes.
Mr. JONES. I did not say that he asked for
it; but I say that if the principle be right in this
case, it is right in all other cases.' "I say, if the
pension in this case should date back from the
time of the injury, it ought to so date in every
other case. Now, I would ask the gentleman, 13
there proof made out in this case sufficient to en-
title the individual to a pension ?
Mr. AVERETT. There is.
Mr. JONES. If so, if proof is made that he
received this injury while in the military service
of the country, and in the line of his duty, and of
the degree of the disability, and that he was there-
by prevented from earning a livelihood, he is un-
der no necessity to come to Congress and ask them
to pass a law for his special benefit. If he proves
these two facts, the Pension Office will grant him
the pension which the general laws of the country-
have provided for his relief and benefit. I do not
myself think, from the report of the committee,
that this is i case which calls for the action of
Congress at all. The individual should apply to
the Pension Office; and if his application is not
there granted, then he should come and ask the
Congress of the United States to determine whether
the case possessed that sort of merit which would
entitle the applicant to & pension although he was
unable to bring himself within the general laws
and regulations prescribed for the granting of pen-
sions. That, in my opinion, would be the correct
course.
But, as I before remarked, if this principle is to
be established, that we are to give these back pen-
sions, let us pass a general law and extend the
same justice to other cases that we do to this case.
I know of other cases, of individuals who received
wounds during the last war with Great Britain,
who received wounds in Indian battles during that
war, that have obtained pensions, some two years
ago, some three years ago, and some five years
ago. Why should you reduce them to the level
of the general law, only allowing them pensions
from the time they perfected their proof, and allow
this individual to receive a pension from the date
of the injury? They would consider themselves
, unjustly dealt by, if any special case was n ale an
exception to the general rule. If you establish
such a precedent in this case, you will have to
carry it out in every other case. It would be
I much better either to adhere to the general law in
every respect, or to amend it in this particular,
j Mr. AVERETT here made a few remarks,
1 which were wholly inaudible to the Reporter, but
