108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
By Mr LBVTN: Ttw petition *fi>hake Ann BetMeMey, !
fcr am i r*ses of pension.
Bt Mr. IirS'TF.R: The petition of Sarah Wudel, (br a
pension.
By Mr. BENNETT: A petition for m mail route from
Union, New York, to Friendsville, Pennsylvania.
nlMoa Mr. Kwins for the papers in one of the cases
rtrielTOiere was alleged to be fraud or malpractice on
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondat, Dtetmbtr 23, 1850.
TheHousemet at twelve o'clock. The Journal
of Friday was read and approved.
GRANT OF LAND.
Mr. HAYMOND, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting land to the State of Virginia to aid
in the construction of certain railroads therein;
which was read a first and second time by its title
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notiee had been given, granting
the right of way and a grant of land to the States
of Louisiana and Mississippi, for the construction
of a railroad from Madison ville, Louisiana, to
Jackson, Mississippi.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business having been called for, the business first
in order would be the bill reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Strong.] to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elections,
the consideration of which bill had been postponed
till to-day; and that after that subject shall have been
disposed of, the call of the States for resolutions
would be in order, when the bill of the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] could be intro-
duced.
Mr. BROWN inquired whether it would be
in order to submit a motion to suspend the rules
to introduce the bill of which be had given notice?
The SPEAKER said it would be in order.
Mr. BROWN then made the motion.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Brows, of Mississippi, and Tuck, acting,) and
decided in the negative—ayes 60, noes not counted.
Mr. STRONG expressed the hope that the
House would indulge him for a short time in the
consideration of the bill prescribing the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elections,
which had been postponed till to-day. ,
Mr. MORTON asked the gentleman from Pena- j
aylvania to yield to him the floor for a moment,j
to enable him to, submit & motion to withdraw j
certain papers from the files. !
Mr. STRONG expressed his willingness to do
so, on the condition that he should not lose his
right to the floor.
Mr. MORTON then took the floor, and asked_
leave to submit his motion; but objection was
made.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RICHARDSON (Mr. Strong having
yielded the floor for that purpose) asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a personal
explanation.
There being no objection,
Mr. RICHARDSON proceeded: I find pub-
lished in the New York Tribune, a letter written
from this capital, in which I am charged with sup-
pressing certain papers, as a member of the inves-
tigating committee which was raised during the
last session of Congress to investigate into the
conduct of the Secretary of the Interior, (Mr.
Ewivo,) touching the payment of certain Indian
and other claims, which had been rejected by pre-
ceding Administrations. 1 desire that the letter to
which I allude shall be read.
The letter was read by the Cjlerk, as follows:
Correspondence of The Tribune.
Political Iniquity—Garbling Official Papers;
WiSil!.i6Tn«, Wednesday, December 18.
A specimen of partisan ra«cality has just come to light
which demands, if not a Congressional investigation, at
lea^t an exposure to the eyes of the People.
Yon may know that at the last session of Congress cer-
tun charges were preferred by Mr. Richardson, of Ilinois,
a ain«t Hon. Thomas Ewivg, then Secretary of the Inte-
rior. These charge* were of a very grave character, and
Mr. Richardson pledged himself on the floor of the House
that he would prove their truth} and that he might be able
to do so more effectually, he was himself appointed chair-
man oi'tlie committee to investigate them—the accuser, in 1
fact, was made the judge. Having a majority of the com- :
mittee of such a complexion a* suited him, Mr. JUchacd- I
■ok
in whic!
the part of the Secretary, and those papers were promptly
furnished by that otfier, together with a letter from himself
fully and triumphantly refuting any charge of dishonest con-
duct or even ol error ot' law or of fact. Mr. Richardson,
however, having pledged lumsell the other way, his concur-
ring majority were obliged to report unfavorably, which
they did; but the minority of die committee, Messrs. Vin-
ton, Outlaw, Rockwell, and Alston, relying wholly
upon the evidence and Mr. Gwino's letter, did not deem
auy report necessary 011 their part, further than tlie print-
ing of the documents. This was ordered by the House,
and Mr. Richardson, as chairman of the committee, un-
dertook to see to its execution. The document has came
from the printer, (Mr. Ritchie) and Mr. Ewisg's letter, so
important to a full understanding of the case, is wholly omit-
ted, This outrage lies between Mr. Richardson and Mr.
Ritchie ; one or the other perpetrated it. if the former, it
is an offeuce deserving to be punished by expulsion from
the Hall he disgraces; if tlie latter, I do not know what
punishment can be awarded for such a gross and insulting
contempt of a House of Congress whose servant he is.
DEMOCRACY.
The letter having been read, caused some laugh-
ter.
Mr. RICHARDSON resumed. Mr. Speaker,
I do not know at what point to begin, in refuting
the falsehoods that are contained in that letter.
There is not, so far as I am concerned, one word
of truth in any portion of it. It is utterly and ab-
solutely false that I pledged myself, when I was
appointed on that committee to prove all those
charges. I said then, and I now repeat, that I
believed those charges were true; and my belief
was based upon information which I relied upon
as correct, that they were true. The facts bear-
ing upon those charges, elicited by the committee,
and summed up in their report, are before the
country. The people will determine for them-
selves, whether the charges were substantiated or
not. I am perfectly willing to rest the case with
that tribunal. I shall be perfectly satisfied with
their verdict as to how far Mr. Ewing's conduct,
its Secretary of the Interior, was proper, in re-
opening and paying those claims, and the interest
thereon. There is another error into which the
writer of this article'has fallen. He says the print-
ing of the documents was ordered, and that I, as
chairman of the committee, undertook to see to the
execution of the order. This is untrue. After the
report and documents had passed from the commit-
tee to theHouseof Representatives, I had no more
to do with them than any other member of the
House. Itwas not my duty to supervise the print-
ing of the report; nor did I undertake its super-
vision. In examining the Journal of Friday, i
September 6,1 find that the House itself ordered [
nothing but the reports to be printed. On motion 1
of my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] itwas |
ordered that the views of tne minority, also, be
printed.
The following is the order, as it appears upon
the Journal:
" The House proceeded to the consideration of the report
of the select committee appointed under the resolutions of
the House of the 22d April last, together with the resolu-
tions reported by a majority of tlie said committee—the
pending question being on the motion to print the said re-
port, together with the views of the minority of said com-
mittee, submitted by Messrs. Vinton and Richardson
respectively.
" After debate,
" On motion, by unanimous consent,
" Ordered, That the report just under consideration, to-
gether with the views of the minority, be printed."
The order for the printing having been made by
the House, the duty devolved upon the Clerk to
see that the printing was done in accordance with
that order. 1 had nothing to do with it. All the
papers .which came into my hands, as chairman
of the committee, were handed over to the Clerk;
and if there was, therefore, any suppression of
any portion of the documents ordered to be print-
ed, it was not by me. If there was any fault in
regard to the mode of executing the order of the
House, it did not attach to me. So far as I am
charged, either directly or by implication, the ar-
ticle is an unmitigated falsehood. I have shoyn
clearly, Mr. Speaker, that the House ordered only
the reports to be printed; and you and the House
know that it was not my duty to superintend the
printing. I again repeat that all the papers, of
every kind and description, the testimony, the de-1
fence and explanations of Mr. Ewing, were re-
ported by me to the House on the 4th September j
last. I have had nothing to do with them since, j
In conclusion, I have only to say, that the author
of this letter, containing so many falsehoods, is
unknown to me; but it strikes me, that if I am j
not mistaken in my conjectures as to who he may '
be, there is a peculiar fitness in the author writing
such a letter to such a paper as the Tribunt. The
Editor of that paper, Mr. Speaker, was, in our
presence, upon this floor, proved to have lied.
The correspondent stands before this nation con-
victed of falsehoods—not one, but many.
TESTIMONY IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Speaker, I am very sen-
sible that I am trespassing upon the indulgence of
the House in asking them to take up and con-
sider at the present time this bill. 1 know, sir,
that there are numerous members of the House
who desire this morning to offer resolutions, and
if I supposed the consideration of this bill would
detain the House a long time, I should prefer to
postpone its consideration to a future day. i think
it will require but a very brief explanation to com-
mend itself to the favorable attention of the entire
House. This bill has reference to a subject which
I have considered with a good deal of attention,
and it proposes what I regard as eminently neces-
sary for the convenience of the House in future
sessions of Congress.
I have had during this Congress considerable
experienceof the difficulty under which the House,
and the Committeeof Elections, labors in determin-
ing upon those cases of contested elections which
are brought before it. I httd determined during the
last session of Congress that I would endeavor to
frame such a bill as would remedy the most of the
evils, and enable the House to dispose of those
cases without such great, consumption of its time,
and without suffering the evils under which it has
labored in past years. I have framed such a bill;
and if the House will do me the favor to give me
its attention for a short time, I have no fears that
they will refuse to do their duty, and to enact into
a law the bill which I have presented.
This bill, with the exception of two or three of
the first sections, is a duplicate, substantially, of
the law which formerly existed.
A Voice. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. STRONG. It has. In the Fifth Congress,
on the 23d of January, 1798, an act v/Ks passed pre-
scribing the mode of taking evidence m cases of
contested elections of members of the House of
Representatives of the United States, and com-
pelling the attendance of witnesses. That bill ex-
pired Dy its own limitation, and was never reen-
acted. This bill which I have now presented for
the consideration of the House, is in all essential
particulars the same, with the addition of a single
matter, to which I will call the attention of the
House hereafter.
I propose, in this bill,to guard against a variety
of evils which are apparent to the House. Our
best observation has showed us, that if there be a
case of contested election, it cannot be decided
until some months have elapsed after the com-
mencement of the session. There is no mode now
provided by law, by which testimony can be taken
anterior to the commencement of proceeding by
the presentation of the memorial of the contest-
ant. Until that time, therefore, the parties are
obliged to wait the action of Congress from the
day of election until the memorial shall be pre-
sented. A commission is sent from the House to
examine witnesses and procure the necessary evi-
dence. The result is, that the testimony which
might have been procured at the time, or imme-
diately after the election, cannot be procured,
when the commission is sent from the House,
until months afterwards. The testimony is wholly
that of -witnesses, and it is found to be the case
often, that when important testimony is to be pro-
cured, the witnesses tire absent or not to be
found. It is undeniably true, that there have
been many cases where contestants who were
justly entitled to their seats, have failed- of ma-
king good their claims, because of the absence
of witnesses competent to give the testimony re-
quisite to establish such claims. These witnesses
might have been obtained, had there been any le-
gal mode of taking the testimony soon after the
election. But there are other evils which it is the
pu rposeof this bill to guard against. For instance,
a man having a just and proper right to his seat,
comes here in the attitude of a contestant. He
presents his memorial—a commission is sent out
from this House for taking the testimony of wit-
nesses, and for procuring the necessary evidence.
Before that testimony can be returned, and .a re-
port be submitted to the House, months must
elapse, and months do, ordinarily, elapse in such
