110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
was sent back with him at the end of this time, !
both of them, however, having received tlieir per
diem and mileage. This matter of contesting a
seat has proved to be a great abuse, and the object
of the present bill is to correct this surest evil.
And now, I submit to this House, as this bill
has come from the standing committee who have
given it proper consideration, if we cannot just as
well proceed to read it by sections, and^>ass it in
some form, and let that be the end of it, as to send
it to the Committee of the Whole, or rather to
that committee which has been the bone-yard of
all good laws which have been proposed" during
the last twenty-five vears.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and decided in the negative.
The SPEAKER said the bill would be read by
sections, with the view to amendment; and
The first section of the bill was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, That from and after the passage of
this act, whenever any person shall intend to contest an
election of any member of the House of Representatives of
the I'nited States, he shall, within thirty days arter the re-
mit of such election shall have been determined by the
otBcer, or board of canvassers, authorized by law to deter-
mine the same, jive notice, in writing, to the member
who^e seat he designs to contest, of his intention to contest
the same, and, in such notice, shall specify, particularly,
the grouuds upon which he relies in the contest: Prodded,
That in all elections for the Thirty-second Congress hereto-
fore held, any person intending to contest the same may
give notice thereof within thirty days after the passage of
this act.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I move to strike
out of the sixth line the words " within thirty
days." When this bill was reported the other
day by the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, I had conceived a different view of the pro-
visions of the bill in question, to that which I now
must entertain on more thoroughly understanding
their application. I then understood, from the
reading of the Clerk, that they provided that un-
less a contestant were to give notice within thirty
days of his intention to contest any particular
election, after the member whose seat was con-
tested had been received by the official authorities
as duly elected, that it would be impossible to
contest the election hereafter. I have since more
carefully and fully examined the bill, and I find I
was mistaken in my views. I think, sir, from
that examination, that its provisions are correct,
and that they will greatly facilitate the future ad-
judication and disposition of contested elections
before this House. But, sir, it does seem to me J
that this limitation required of persons desirous of i
contesting the seat of a member, that he shall give 1
notice of his intention to contest within thirty days 1
after the issue of the certificate, will, in a reaat
measure, in many cases tend to defeat all the pro-
visions and benefits proposed to be derived from
the passage of this law.
Now, sir, there are some States where the elec-
tions for the Thirty-second Congress, for instance,
are held on the first Monday of August in the
year preceding the one in which the term of the
member commences, that is to say, prior to the
session of the Congress to which he is elected.
Take, for instance, the State of Illinois: there they
elected the members for the Thirty-second Con-
gress upon the first Monday of last August,
giving a period of sixteen months 
A Member. The election was list November.
Mr. JONES, (in continuation.) Well, in Mis-
souri they did elect them in August last, giving a
period of sixteen months previous to the time when
the members take their seats in the Thirty-second
Congress.
Now, sir, unless this notice Specified in the bill
be given by contestants within thirty days, they
cannot receive any benefit from this law at all.
And yet, as I have said, there is in some cases a
period of sixteen months intervening between the
election of members, and their taking their seats in
the Thirty-second Congress. I say that in the gen-
eral application and  pe ration of this law, that unless
a contestant shall give thirty days notice of his
intention to contest the return of a member de-
clared to be duly elected, why, then he cannot
avail himself of the advantages intended to be
derived from the law, but must wait until Con-
gress shall meet, and must come here to this
House, and produce his memorial contesting the
right of the returned member to his seat, and a
commission must be appointed to take his deoosi-
tions. * 1
Again, sir: if this limitation of thirty days be
stricken out of the first section, no possible injury
can in any cas& result to the member or members
who may happen to receive a notice or notices of
the intention of persons who may so wish to con-
test their elections. Then, sir, supposing that this
notice of intention to contest should not be given
for sixty days, even after the member should have
taken his seat, even then, the second section of the
bill provides that a member receiving such notice
of intention to contest his return, shall within thirty
days answer, admitting the fact or denying it.
This provision is, I think, sir, as it should be, and
is useful and just. A member should thus be re-
quired to acknowledge the service of this notice,
and also admit or deny the grounds upon which
the contestants are about to contest his seat.
Then, sir, when this is done, the issue is made
up between them, and they proceed under the pro-
visions of this bill to take the testimony, and bring
it here; and under the operations and provisions
of this law, it will be received as legal testimony,
and will go to the Committee of Elections, and
that committee will determine the case, without
having to appoint a commission to decide the issue,
and then to send the parties back to take the tes-
timony.
So far, sir, as I have examined this bill, with
the exception of the section limiting the time
within which the contestant shall give this notice,
I think that it will work exceedingly well, and in
practice be found very beneficial. And, sir, should
this section limiting the notice to thirty days be
stricken out, no person, either contestant or-con-
testee, can possibly be injured. Even should the
contestant himself not think proper to give notice
of his intention to contest the seat of the member,
who may have received the certificate of election,
his case will only be delayed so much longer. But
in the case of this limitation remaining, in many
instances the result may be very different. The
persons desiring to contest may be prevented, or
may fail to give his notice within thirty days,
from various causes; such as distance from the
district, sickness, or again the facts on which, he
determines to ground his contest may not come
into his possession until after thirty days. He
may not, indeed, from other causes, have decided to
contest the right of the man who has received the
certificate of election to his seat in Congress. In
all these cases, or from any other cause, he may
have failed to give this notice of his intention to
contest within the time prescribed by this law; and
if I understand the manner in which it will prac-
tically operate, it appears to me, that the law
would thus be in the main rendered a dead letter.
I think that the chairman of the committee who
reported this bill, and the gentlemen who com-
Cosed that committee and were favorable to the
ill, will, on reflection, perceive that the striking
out of the words I propose to strike out, " within
thirty days," will greatly improve the bill as re-
ported, and add to the advantages it proposes to
confer. For these reasons, although I favor the
bill as a whole, I hope the House will agree to
the amendment I propose.
Mr. STRONG. I am not very tenacious in re-
gard to this provision of the bill, but I think it
may admit of very great drtubt whether it should
be stricken out. Let me say, in the first place,
that in looking over the laws for the regulation
Of elections in the different States of the Union, I
find that sftch a limitation as this is almost uni-,
versal, except that in many cases the time allowed
is much shorter. In the State of Ohio notice must
be given within twenty days afler the election; in
the State of New Jersey within twenty days; in
the State of Texas within ten days; in the State
of Missouri within forty- days; in the State of
Georgia within twenty days; and so on. I be-
lieve forty days is the longest time allowed in any
State in the Union.
Mr. HALL (interposing) wished to ask. the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question. He
wished to know how this provision of the bill
would operate in cases where a longer time was
necessary for the serving of the notice, as for in-
stance in California and Oregon, where three times
as long as the time specified in the bill would be
necessary ?
Mr. STRONG. I do not deny the force of
these suggestions, but it is well for the House to
hear both sides of the question. If you permit
the contestant to select his own time within which
i he shall give this notice, he may postpone it till
Congress shall have met—for sixteen months. If
thirty days is too short a time, why enlarge it;
but I think that there ou^ht to be a limit. We
fixed upon the period of thirty days in order to
give to the member declared to be returned the ad-
vantage of knowing, within a reasonable time, that
his seat is to be contested, so that he may secure
testimony which otherwise might be withdrawn,
and that it might not be in the power of a contest-
ant of postponing the period of giving notice until
Congress should meet, andjthen delay the matter
for months, as has been done heretofore, both par-
ties receiving their pay while the contest is in prog-
ress before the House.
It was in this point of view that the committee
looked at the matter, and thought, as I still think,
that there ought to be a limitation. If the period
of thirty days is too short, why enlarge it; but I
still think there should be a limit, or else the bill
will not secure to us all the benefits which we hope
to derive from it.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] by inserting the words "ninety days,"
after striking out " thirty days."
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey is not now in order, un-
less the gentleman from Tennessee,[Mr. Jones]
accepts it as a modification of his amendment. It
will, however, be in order after the House has
acted on the pending, motion—the amendment of
the srentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. HALL. Is it in order to amend the prop-
osition before the vote is taken ?
The SPEAKER. This is only a motion to
strike out.
Mr. HALL. Is it not in order to perfect the
clause before the question is taken on the motion
to strike out?
The SPEAKER. It cannot b^perfected byin-
serting other words in lieu of those proposed to
be stricken out.
Mr. STRONG. I would inquire of the Chair
whether it will not be in order after the words are
stricken out, to insert any other number of days?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to insert
any other number of days.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment to strike out, and decided in the nega-
tive. So the amendment was not agreed to.
i Mr. HALL wished to offer tne following
amendment :
" Provided, That if from any cause not within the con-
trol of the contestant, said notice cannot be given, then
said notice shall be given within thirty days after said dis-
ability shall cease."
He thought that there were many cases in
which it would be impossible for the contestant to
give the notice required within thirty days. There
might be various causes of disability, such as ab-
sence or sickness, which might prevent him from
giving the notice within the thirty days provided
for in this bill, and the object of his [Mr. Hall's]
amendment was to meet such a case.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, Mr. Speaker, the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri will
not prevail. By the provisions of the act Regu-
lating elections in the State, we find that one hun-
dred and twenty days must elapse from the time
the canvass is opened, before the issue is entirely
closed for taking the testimony. In Indiana, for
instance, the election is held in August, but ten
days must elapse after the closing of the polls be-
fore the returns are transmitted to the Secretary
of State, which makes it one hundred and thirty
days after the opening of the polls before the issue
is closed for taking the testimony; which period
brings us up to January, after the meeting of this
House, before the contestants have closed their
testimony. To add anything to that time, would
tend to take away the very provision which is to
subserve the objects calculated upon by this bill. '
One of the objects of this bill is to remedy evils
that have arisen out of delayed and protracted
contests, and that contests of this kind may be
ended as speedily as possible, so as to obviate the
difficulties we labored under last session. But if you
give the contestant or contested the right of power
to extend the period, contests will run on as they
have run before, and the evil of which we have com-
plained—of which the whole country complains—
will not be remedied, and the labors of this com-
mittee will have been in vain.
