1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
I think the time is already sufficiently extended; i1
I cannot conceive of any possible reason why the
party desiring to contest, may not, within the pe-
riod prescribed, give the notice required. There
cannot be any possible case in which this notice
cannot be furnished. For even in the case of
sickness or absence, he can give notice by attor-
ney, as is usual in such cases. Indeed, I do not
know of any disability that would prevent the
serving of the required notice within thirty days,'
in any district within the bounds of the Union.
I hope, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri will not pre-
vail.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Chair whether
a. motion to strike out and insert, would not have
precedence over the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri? [Mr. Hall.]
The SPEAKER. Where does the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] propose his amend-
ment to come in ?
Mr. HALL. It is to come in after the word
44 same," in the 10th line of the 1st section.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to
strike out and insert would not be in order till the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri was
disposed of."
Mr. KAUFMAN. I hope, then, that the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Hall] will accept of this
motion to strike out 44 thirty days " in the fourth
line of first section, and insert 44 sixty days," in
lieu of the amendment which he has offered. If
he will not do so, and his amendment fail, I shall
afterwards make this motion. I think it impor-
tant that there should be an extension of he time.
Thirty days is perhaps too short.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] re-
marked when up, that no injury could arise from
not having a limitation. I think, sir, that a very
serious injury would arise to the Treasury of the
United States, because of the practice which has
hitherto prevailed here, of paying the unsuccess-
ful contestor. If the individual who contests the
seat is really entitled to it, he will serve his notice
as early as possible; but if he is not really en-
titled to it, it is his interest to delay it as long as
possible, knowing that, according to the prac-
tice of this House, he can get paid for eight,
nine, or ten months or as long as he can protract
the contest. I hope, then, that sixty days, which
I believe to be a reasonable time, will be inserted ,
instead of thirty. Thirty days is two short a time
for States where the Congressional Districts are j
composed of so many counties as they are in-
Texas, and I dare say in other States. There
are thirty seven counties in the district which I
have the honor to represent upon this floor.
Now, sir, it seems to me that the section ought
tote so amended as to provide that the notice may
be given by the contestor or his agent, so as to
eover the cases of gentlemen who may happen to
be members of Congress at the time the election
was decided in their district or absent from other
cause; and if that should still not be sufficient, there
is a clause in another section of the bill, providing
that in extraordinary cases Congress may extend
the time.
I hope that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Hall] will withdraw his amendment; but if he
will not, and if his amendment is voted down, I
will then move to strike out 44 thirty" and insert
44 sixty," which I think is a reasonable time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Texas, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri is now open "to amend-
ment, and liis motion to strike out 44 thirty," and
insert 44 sixty," will therefore be now in order.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I do not want to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri, but
the original section. It would simplify the language
of the bill, and I should prefer it, if the gentleman
from Missouri would accept my amendment.
Mr. HALL. All the objection I have to it is,
that in some cases—in California for instance—
sixty days will not be long enough.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I propose also to amend
the section so as to provide that the notice maybe
served by an agent. That, I think, will cover the
gentleman's objection.
Mr. PUTNAM offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] to come in at the end
thereof:
« 14 Jlrid provided, further, That in case of the absence of
the member whose seat is contested, the notice aforesaid |!
may be served by leaving the same at tns place of residence, |
with some member of the family of suitable age to under- 1 ■
stand the same."
Mr. P. went on to say: Mr. Speaker, itis very evi-
denttliat, under tlus bill, the notice referred to must
be served personally upon the member whose seat it
is intended to contest. Now it may happen that
the contestant may not be able to serve the notice
upon the member personally, and he ought not, in
such a case, to be altogether deprived of the right
to contest the seat. The amendment which I have
offered, affords a remedy fortius evil, and it strikes
me that it is all that is necessary on the subject.
If the notice cannot be served personally, on ac-
count of the absence of the member, tlien it is
just and proper that it should be served upon
some member of the family of suitable age and
discretion to understand the substance and object
of the notice.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] it strikes me, is extremely
uncertain and indefinite. It has reference to dis-
abilities in the serving of these notices. Now, sir,
by whom is the question of disability to be set-
tled? It may be that it will rest with the con-
testant himself. It strikes me that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri is altogether
too indefinite. But the amendment I propose, is
certain and explicit. R provides that the notice
shall be served upon the member who has received
the certificate of election, or in case of his absence,
upon some member of his family who is able to
understand the notice given, and he will thus have
time and opportunity to understand the grounds
on which his election is contested, and to protect
his interests.
Mr. McGAUGHEY said : If I understand the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hall,] it is one which provides, that in
case the person whose seat is contested is absent, or
if the person who desires to contest the seat is absent
—as, for instance, if a member of Congress, in the
discharge of his public duties, or if laboring under
any other disabdity which renders it impossible
for him to give the notice, he shall then be excused
from giving the notice within thirty days; in other
words, that any unavoidable cause over which he
has no control shall be an, excuse for a failure to
give the notice. His -amendment, therefore, does
not conflict with the principle of the amendment
to the amendment, offered by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Putnam.]
The amendment to the amendment only relates
to the question as to upon whom the notice shall
be served, in case it is served. The amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] pro-
vides that in certain cases it shall not be neces-
sary to give that notice in thirty days.
Now, I think that both the amendment and the
amendment to the amendment ought to be adopted.
This is one of those, cases which have been over-
looked by the Committee of Elections, of which I
am a member. We thought we had made this |
law nearly perfect, but it seems that in the estima- ;
tion of honorable (nembers, it is not half so. It is
certain, however, that both of these amendments
may be made with advantage.
I hope, therefore, that the thirty days will not
be stricken out. I hope that no other number of
days will be inserted in lieu of the thirty; but I
do hope, that in case the contestant is unable to
give the notice within thirty days, he may be al-
lowed to give it after the thirty days have elapsed.
But, then, it is Slaked, who is to be the judge of
the incapacity of the person desiring to contest the
seat to give this notice? Why, unquestionably,
Congress. The House here is to judge whether,
under the circumstances, the party was able to give
the notice or not. This House is the sole judge of
the competency or qualification 6f its own mem-
bers,"and of course the House is to judge of every
question that arises for decision in the course of
the contest. I think if is right and proper, that1
where a man can show that he was unable to give
notice within thirty days, this limitation should
not operate upon him to prevent him from contest-
ing the election. And I think it equally proper,
that a notice served on any member of the family I
who is competent to understand it, should be equiv-
alent to the serving of the notice on thejiarty him-
self. I trust, therefore, that the 44 thirty days"
will not be stricken out, but that the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri will be adopted,
as well as the amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, my friend from
Indiana [Mr. McGaughey] himself, who is a
member of the committee which reported it, seems
to think that this bill may be amended. Why,
sir, the subject of contested elections is one on
which there is a great variety of opinion. 'Even
now there are two amendments moved to a bill
which was reported to the House by the Commit-
tee of Elections, who thought, or seemed to think,
that they had produced a bill which was nearly, if
not quite perfect. When I rose before, I felt sure
that the House were not prepared immediately
to pass upon the bill in its present form, and it
was with this opinion, and with a view that all its
provisions might be properly discussed, that 1
moved that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It is not likely
that the various propositions and provisions of
this bill will be agreed to without giving them more
than a cursory examination. I thought I was not
mistaken in my anticipation, when I said that it
would lead to a long discussion.
It was with a desire to promote the deliberate
and due consideration of the bill, that I made my
motion. You have before you as yet^ only the first
section, and gentlemen are proposing amendments;
and I predict that fate for this bill which all bills
thus pressed in the House invariably come to un-
less referred and f&irly discussed in Committee of
the Whole, that is, that it will be forced through
under the previous question without any due ex-
amination of its provisions and details. I regret
that my motion was not agreed to, to commit it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McMULLEN, (Mr. Schenck yielding the
floor.) Mr. Speaker, it appears to me that this
bill ought, by all means, to have been referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is just what I am say-
ing
Mr. McMULLEN. If the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me, I will submit a motion so to
refer it before I take my seat.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think that the House
will permit it yet. I was almost snubbed when I
proposed it a short time ago.
Several Members. 44 Try it again now!"
Mr. SCHENCK. The discussion that has
already taken place, shows the difference of opm*
ion which exists here relative to the bill. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Putnam] pro-
poses that the notice shall be held sufficient if pre-
sented to any member of the family of the party—
to theold grandmother, [laughter,] or to any one
else who may be about the premises or connected
with him. Now, how would that operate? Sup-"
pose the gentleman comes from California, Texas,
or any other distant State, he is reelected while
here in Washington, and within thirty days after
the election notice of intention to contest his seat
is served on his grandmother out in California:
[a laugh:] he might be ousted from his seat, of
at least all the testimony taken, before he ever
heard of the notice. That would be the beautiful
operation of such a law. Now, sir, it strikes me,
that so far-as the first section is concerned, it will
not be benefited by the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Putnam.] The ser-
vice should be in every case a personal service on
the party.
These different opinions amongst members of
the House, however, serve to show us that the
House ought not to pass upon bills of this im-
portance without due consideration. We have
yet only considered the first section of the bill, and
we have already two amendments proposed. The
provisions of the bill require that thirty days
notice shall be given of an intention to contest an
election after the returns have been made and the -
result declared. But the practice varies in the dif-
ferent States. Perhaps no two States have pre-
cisely similar election laws.
Take my own State for instance, the State of
Ohio. In that State the returns are made first
from the different counties of the district (if there
be more than one) to a central point, and then
from that point they are sent to the Speaker of the
Legislature or to the Governor. But these returns
are not opened till the Legislature meets; they are
then opened and counted. Upon the result being
