lis
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23.
known to the Governor, he issues his certificates
of election. I believe that there is not a single
merpier from the State of Ohio who has at this
moment official tcnowldge of his reelection. (I say
this in all disinterestedness,) to the Thirty-second
Congress, or who has received his certificate of
election from the Governor. Reading the pro-
ceedings of the Ohio Legislature the other day I
found that the returns have actually been opened
by the Speaker of the House, and counted, and
probably the certificates of election—of reelected
members, will be received from the Governor before
many days. I do not know how that may be.
In other States they have different laws. In
Kentucky, and perhaps in some other States, the
sheriff is the returning officer, and he furnishes
some sort of evidence to parties elected to Con-
gress, of that election. Now, I think it would be
proper that these thirty days' notice should be
given after the certificate has been issued to the
party declaring him to have been duly elected.
But, sir, as 1 said when I was up before, I have
no disposition to-day to discuss the general merits
of the bill, or of the section which is now before
us. I shall move to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Strong] seems to think that I am opposed to every-
thing which emanates from the Committee of Elec-
tions. I can assure him that he is entirely mistaken.
I know the difficulties attending this matter, and
the necessity of some sort of legislation adapted
to all the States of the Union.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McGaughey]
also expressed surprise that I should move to refer 1
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, because he said it was unusual
after a bill had undergone careful examination by
a standing committee of the House, not to let it
pass right through without su<;h reference. Now,
sir, I apprehend that we refer every bill reported
from a standing committee to the Committeeo f the
Whole on the state of the Union, unless there is
some good reason for putting it upon its passage.
I think, therefore, that I was not departing from
the usual course, but that it is the Committee of
Elections who are asking the House to depart from I
the usual course in relation to this bill.
The very complication of the matters and in-
terests involved in the bill; the many considera-
tions arising out of it; the remedies that may be •
suggested to adapt it to the election laws of differ- ]
ent States, all demand that the bill should not be j
hastily passed. On that account, I made the mo- I
tion which the House rejected. But I think I will i
try again, if the House will consent or not, to i
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on 1
the state of the Union. We have not yet disposed
of the first section, and I see no likelihood of our
getting through the whole twelve~to-day if there
is to be anything like proper deliberation.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to address to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the
eommittee who has reported this bill, a few ques-
tions in reference to particular portions of the bill.
I wish to ask that gentleman what is the exact in-
tention of this portion of the bill, contained in the
first clause, eleventh line:
" and such notice shall specify particularly the
grounds upon which he relies in the contest.
Is it intended by this provision t* limit the con-
stitutional right of persons in rdation to election
contests? Is it intended that the bill shall limit or
restrain that right, or shall in any way interfere
with the opposition of parties contesting elections?
Suppose, for instance, the party contesting an
election shall have laid claim to a seat upon certain
grounds, which may not be the right grounds, and
whilst substantial causes may not have been speci-
fied, will this provision of the bill compel the con-
testant to forego laying cl&im to the seat on these
new grounds ? The bill requires* by the portion
, of the same clause that I nave quoted, that the
party contesting shall specify " the grounds upon
which he relies in the contest." Now, supposing, !
after having made this specification, and after the
time designated (thirty days) shall have elapsed,
he should find that although the grounds he may |
have alleged are good, yet are insufficient, and
other and more forcible ones become apparent,
would the bill permit the claim to be made on these
fresh grounds, in contesting the right of a member
who may have received the election certificate ? In !
short, is it intended by the provisions of the bill j
] to limit the constitutional right of persons inter-
ested to contest elections ?
If it is the intention of this provision of the bill,
it appears to me that it will defeat the entire ob-
ject it contemplates—objects which all are anxious
to see accomplished,
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to inquire, Mr.
Speaker, if it is now in order to move the previous
question? '
The SPEAKER. It is perfectly in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND, Then, sir, I move the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hall] moved an amendment to the
bill reported by the Committee of Elections, to
which amendment the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Putnam] has moved an amendment. Pend-
ing these motions, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] has moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mc-
Clernand] has since demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BOWLIN. What, Mr. Speaker, will be
the effect of this motion, if it be seconded, for the
previous question ? Will it be to bring the House
to a vote on the bill and the two amendments now
pending?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
, seconded, it will bring the House first to a vote on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If the
House refuses to commit it, it will then bring the
i House to a vote on the pending amendments. The
amendments being disposed of, the question will
be then on ordering the bill to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
The House was then counted to ascertain
whether there was a second to the demand for the
previous question; and there was a second. The
main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. SACKETT wished to inquire of the Chair
whether, if the House refused to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of -the
Union, all amendments would be cut off?
; The SPEAKER. No further amendment will
be in order. The question will be taken on the
engrossment of the bill before the previous ques-
tion is exhausted.
Mr. STRONG. I do not propose to make any
lengthy remarks, though I believe I have a right
to address the House, but I desire briefly to an-
swer the question put to me by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sackett.1 He has asked me
whether the committee intended by their action to
prevent the House from judging of the qualifica-
tions or election returns of its members ? Sir, the
committee intends no such thing.
Mr. DUER, ^interposing.) I am sorry to in-
terrupt the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but I
wish to understand a point of order. It is this:
whether, under the operations of the previous ques-
tion, the chairman of a committee has a right to
address the House? I know it has been the rule
in committee, but I never knew, it to be the prac-
tice in the House.
The SPEAKER. It was the practice during
the last session of Congress by the decision of the
House.
Mr. STRONG, (resuming.) I would simply
remark that the committee had no intention to pre-
vent the House from exercising to the fullest ex-
tent their constitutional power to judge of elections,
and of the qualifications and returns of members.
The requirement that a specification shall be made
of the grounds on which the party intends to rely
in his contest, of course does not exclude the House
from afterwards judging of the election of the mem-
ber. It is only for the purpose of - enabling them
to take testimony, with reference to the issues
which may be made up between the parties.
Mr. SACKETT. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor to the gentleman from
New York?
Mr. STRONG. If the gentleman from New
York wishes to address any questions to me I am
perfectly willing. j
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if a person, after having given
the notice required by the bill, should discover
other grounds for sustaining the con test than those ,
specified, would have the right, under the pro vis- j
ions of the bill, to take testimony upon this new
ground without an order of the House ?
Mr. STRONG. I suppose he would not under
the provisions of this bill. But the right of the
House is expressly reserved in a part of the bill,
to permit testimony to be taken subsequently to
the expiration of the limitation prescribed in the
first section. The right of the House in this
respect cannot be restricted, and I do not propose
that it should be so restricted. The only object
, of the provision now under discussion is to bring
; parties to an issue on the contested election before
the case is brought before a committee; and thvis
the effect intended is an acceleration of the decis-
ion: the House still retainingfull power to enlarge
the time. Upon other grounds the limitation has
been proposed. You cannot limit, by action of
law, the constitutional rights of the people
Besides, the bill does no more than is the com-
mon custom through the States—no more than
the States require by all their constitutional pro-
visions. They require the same thing,and nobody
was ever yet heard to object. In every court of
law in Christendom, (at least of common law,) the
parties are invariably required to make up their
issues in the first place, and afterwards the testi-
mony is taken in reference to it.
We are a judicial tribunal, and. should require
I the parties contesting to make up their issues, be-
i fore the case comes up for consideration, in order
that the testimony may be taken.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the chairman of
the Committee on Elections allow me to ask him
a question?
j Mr. STRONG. In what respect?
j Mr. MeCLERNAND. Suppose a sitting mem-
ber, from the State of California, wished to contest
j the election of his successor: what would be the
operation of the proposed law in that case?—
could the contestant give notice to the" returned
member within thirty or sixty days?—could he
even learn himself of the result of the election in
that time ?—in short, can any limitation of time
be safeiyprescribed ?
Mr. STRONG. I suppose he could not; but
if the amendments which nave been proposed are
I adopted, then he can. His very case is provided
,! for in the amendments now pending, and on
i which the House will be shortly called upon to
I vote. But even if he could not, he would not be
injured. There is the same reserved rights in the
House, to cause testimony to be taken afterwards,
as there is now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is an objection
to the bill itself; because its operation must fail to
be uniform.
Mr. STRONG. Not at all. It provides for this
special case. I do not propose to address the House
more at length on this subject. It is well under-
stood by the House, and I trust therefore that the
House will vote down the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, to refer it to the Committe of the
Whole, and proceed to vote upon the amendments
and the bill.
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
Mr. McDOWELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a privileged question. For the purpose of ena-
j bling the members of this House to enjoy Christ-
I mas with the rest of mankind, I move that when
the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
(| On a division Ihere appeared 83 in the affirma-
I tive and 64 in the negative.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested that it would
i be more appropriate to take a day after Christmas
than a day before. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays, and
: they were ordered; and being, taken resulted yeas
i | 92, nays 83.
''; So the resolution was agreed to.
TESTIMONY IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
The question then recurred on the motion made
by Mr. Schenck to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES inquired if the motion had not
: been already voted down?
The SPEAKER replied that it had been, to-day;
I but not the present motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for tellers on the
1 question; which being ordered,
Messrs. Bowlin and Fowler were appointed.
The tellers reported 52 in the affirmative, and 74
j in the negative.
