114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
kiel Lincoln, proposing fo carry the mail between i,
Philadelphia nnd Rio de Janeiro, touching at Per-
nambuco, once a month, and asking that a con-
tract with him for that purpose may lie authorized
bv law: which was referred to the Committee 011
Commerce.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial ofCharles
McCorinicJc, au assistant surgeon in the Army,
a^kmgcompensatkmfor extra services; which was
referred t<> the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of James
Rober sou, asking redress for injuries suffered in
consequence of his arrest and imprisonment the
6th Dei-ember, 1849; wliich was referred to the
Commi'tee of ( lainis.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of Amos
M. Johnson, representing that he has discovered
a mode 1 f preventing the potato rot, which he pro-
poses to make known for a valuable consideration. *
He states that the annual loss from the disease
may be set down, judging from the crop in his
own virinitv, at Si,000,000, which he thinks a
low estimate. He says that, after observation
and experiment, he thinks he has discovered the
nature of the disease, and that it is as much in the
power of man to prevent its ravages in the potato
field as it is to prevent the ravages of the small-
pox in the human family. He says also that his
"discovery is rendered of much greater importance
by the fact that the poorest and most illiterate can
understand the subject so as to avail themselves
of its advantages. The memorial was referred to
the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. CLAY presented two memorials from A.
J. Bayard and other citizens of the-United States,
asking the adoption of some legislation that will
tend to prevent the unnecessary destruction of life
on board steamers and other vessels; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CLAY. I have also a petition upon the
subject of the tariff, from a number of citizens of
Blair county, in the State of Pennsylvania, who
represent themselves to be manufacturers and la-
borers and others engaged in the various vocations
of life. They complain very much of the opera-
tions of the existing tariff; and are extremely de-
sirous that some modification should be made, so
as to secure a fair and proper introduction of goods
from abroad without abuse, and at the same time
afford reasonable protection to the interests of the
country. I move that the reading of it be dis-
pensed with, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
It was so referred.
Mr. CLAY. I have also a memorial, signed by
a very respectable citizen, who is personally known
to me, John Timberlake, of Monticello, Albe-
marle county, in the State of Virginia. His me-
morial relates also to the subject of the tariff. He
represents that he has engaged near Monticello
(the former residence of the late Mr. Jefferson) in
ai extensive manufacture of cotton, having in-
>. • fted some sixty or seventy thousand dollars in
that business; that he has-bestmved upon it every
. attention, practiced every e-onomy, and resorted
to all m?asures wliich presented themselves to him
Ut render his business at least reasonably profita-
ble. He states that under the tariff of 1842 he re-
ceivd a fair and remunerativejirofit upon his cap-
ital, not extravagant, but sufficient to entourage
the business; thai under the operation of tke tariff
-of 1846 he is liable and in danger of utterly losing
the whole amount of his capital, and has been
obliged to dismiss about one half of the hands, and
the other moiety with which he is nt work are la-
bf riiig under the greatest difficulty. The memo-
rial is extremely well written. The petitioner is
a sensible and practical man, and one of high char-
acter and standing, as I happen to know per-
sonally.
Mr. President, I will take occasion to say that I
do hope that now, when there is an apparent calm-
ness upon the surface of public affairs—which I
hope is real, and that it will remain without dis-
turbing the deliberations, of Congress during the
present session—for one, I should be extremely
delighted if the subject of the tariff of 1846 could be
taken up io a liberal, kinrl, and national spirit; not
with any ptimose of reviving those high rates of
- protection which at former periods of our country
were established for various cattses, Sometimes from
sinister- cause*, Hut to look deliberately nt the op-
•erntiaji* of the to riff of lg46> gpd without disturb-
ing its essential provisions, I should like a consid- 1
eration to be given to the question of the prevention
of frauds and great abuses, of the existence of w h icli
there can be no earthly doubt. Whether some
suitable legislation cannot take place for that pur-
pose ought to be deliberately considered. vVe
should see whether we cannot, without injury,
without prejudice to the general interests of the
country, give some better protection to the manu-
facturing interests than is now afforded.
The fact is 110 longer doubtful that the fires are
extinguished and extinguishing daily in the fur-
naces of the country. The fact is 110 longer doubt-
ful that the spindles and looms are daily stopping
in the country. Whether it is possible to arrest
this downward course, and to throw a little spirit
of hope and encouragement into this great indus-
trial interest without agitating the country gener-
ally, and without any extravagance of legislation,
are questions, I think, very well worthy of serious
consideration; and I hope, in the calm which we
are at present allowed to enjoy in relation to other
great topics which have so long and so disastrous-
ly agitated the country, that at some early period
during the present session this subject will be
taken up and dealt with in a spirit of kindness,
and harmony, and nationality.
Sir, after having said so much, I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures, and I ask that it be printed, and that that
question be referred to the proper committee to
decide.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Manufactures, and the question of printing was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Joseph
E. C'aro, praying compensation for his services as
keeper of the Florida archives; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. Y. also presented a communication from
James W. Simmons, a military storekeeper, sta-
ting that he is about to be ordered to Oregon or
California, and that the salary allowed is totally
inadequate for his support; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the House bill
entitled " An act to grant the right of way to the
Gainesville and De Kalb Plank Road Company,"
reported hack the same with amendments.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill granting the right of way
through the public lands of the United States to
companies authorized by the State of Alabama to
construct plank roads in said State, with a right of
preemption to a portion of the public lands, made
an adverse report on the same.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of citizens of Iowa, presented
on the 13th of February, 1849, asking a grant of
land for the branch of the State University of
Iowa, at Fairfield, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO. .
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Retohei, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing
Green Bay a port of entry.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rffllnei, That the Committee on Public Liuids be in-
structed to inquire into the justice ami expediency of pro-
vidini bv law to write to David B. Hears, his licirs or
aligns, the preemption of certain lands occupied by him
for hydnmlii: purposes, Q  or near Rook Inland, in the Mis-
river* , , .
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
• resolution; which lies river one day urtder therule:
Rtnilvei, That the Committee On Indian Atftiira he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the, purchase of the " half breed tract," (so called,) on
the Mississippi river and Lake Pepin, in the Territory of
Minnesota, and that said committee report by bill or other-
wise.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CLEMENS gttve notice of his intention to
#sk'leave to introduce a bill to change the tinie of
• holding"the United States district courts for tHe
' of Alabama, a nit ■$   Other'pWrptores.1
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for ascertaining and pay-
ing the California claims, originating from orders
of Commodore Stockton, and of Brevet Captain
afterwards Lieutenant Colonel Fremont, and to
pay all just claims arising out of the military oper-
ations of the United States in California.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to permit M. B.
McCoy to enter, at the minimum price of public
lands, a certain quarter section of land in Arkansas,
which he purchased of the State, supposing it was
a portion of the donation of five hundred thousand
acres for internal improvement, but was afterwards
found to be excluded from that donation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his inten-
tion to introduce a bill to provide for the recovery
of money improperly paid by the Executive De-
partments.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained le^ve to introduce a bill (S. 381) to
remit the tolls on the United States stock in the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company, and to
purchase the shares ofthe individual stockholders,
and to make the navigation of said canal free.
In introducing this bill, Mr. B. addressed the
Senate as follows:
Mr. President, it is known to all that the United
States own a part of the shares in the Louisville
and Portland Canal Company, and levy and col-
lect tolls thereon—that these tolls are heavy, and
oppressive upon western commerce, and that re-
peated applications have been made for their sup-
pression by purchase of the whole stock by the
United States, and its future management as a
public work, free from private interests, and free
from all tolls for profit or emolument. These ap-
plications, often made, have heretofore been abor-
tive; but, convinced of their justice, I now make
a further effort to accomplish their object; impelled
to it not only by general considerations in favor of
the whole West, but by special reasons applicable
to the commerce between St. Louis and Louisville,
and which, from the frequency of the voyages be-
tween the two places, makes the toll fall with
greatest weight upon the St. Louis boat.
Alt know the general fact of these tolls; their
oppressive effect; the applications to Congress for
their suppression, and the failure of these applica-
tions; but I deem it due to the present occasion,
and the magnitude of the evil, to reproduce the
statements which have been so often heard, and to
reinforce the old mpplicati&ns by such new facts
and reasons as time and experience enable me to
: add.
The whole capital stock of the company is
tl,000,000, divided into 10,000 shares of $100 each.
If this stock the United States took 2,902 shares,
amounting to $233,500, and up to January, 1842,
received in tolls the sum of #257,778—being
$24,278 more than the amount invested in the
stock—the only instance, perhaps, in which the
United States ever made money by going into profit
and loss operations, and a case in which the Federal
Government should be ashamed of its profits.
In January, 1842, a change took place in the
management of the stock of the canal. The in-
dividual stockholders, pressed by the public cry
for a free canal, undertook to make it free by a
process of their own. They obtained an act from
the General Assembly of Kentucky authorizing the
payment of dividends to stockholders to cease,
and all the net profits to be applied to the purchase
of Stock, tx> be-held in trust for the United States
titltil the whole of the indivdual stock should be
purchased; when it should be transferred to the
United States, upon condition that she-would col-
lect no higher toll than should be necessary fot the
care and management of the canal. The stock of
'the United States was included in this arrangement,
so that no dividends have come into the public
Treasury since thattime. This change has been
in operation since January, 1842, and the results,
at the last statement of the affairs of the company,
on the 1st of January, 1850, show 3,648 shares to
have been so purchased—-leaving but 2,350 shares
to be subsequently acquired.' By information just
received from gentlemen connected with the com-
pany, I learn that 400 more shares will be pur-
Chased on the 1st day of January, 1851—leaving
at that time but 1,950 shares to be acquired to
complete the extinction of the private interest in
i the stock. • - ■
