120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 26,
we cannot get rid of the id««, which necessarily
attaches to it, that there is an imputation of par-
tiality either on the part of the juiiafe or jury. It
is not like a general law, which does not carry
such an imputation with it.
Mr. THOMPSON. 1 will state to my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Bi'rt,] that the com-
mittee dul not design to make any imputation
against the judge of this district. We certainly
(in not. 1 may "tell the gentleman that our action
was fouftded upon the oaths of the persons inter-
ested, the heirs of Kosciusko, that he could not
get an impartial tnal in this District. Far be it
From me, sir, to make any imputation against the
judicial authorities of this District, who, so far as
I know, are perfectly impartial men. But in cer-
uiin tribunals, the award of justice is so slow, that
it miijht lead an individual to doubt whether he
could obtain justice. But in this case there was
no intention to impute partiality to anybody. It
was merely entered upon from a desire to get a
speedy decision in the case.
Mr. I'.WING said: It seems to me,Mr.Speak-
er, that there is some misapprehension in regard
to the srround upon which a change of venue is
generally placed. I do not understand that, in a
change of venue, it necessarily involves imputa-
tion upon anybody. There are two things that
are to be achieved always in the administration of
justice. The first is, that justice shall be rendered;
and the next, that the parties themselves shall, as
far a* possible, be satisfied with the judgment of
the court. It is always important that the parties
ahall be satisfied with' the judgment of the court;
and if a party supposes that justice will not be
administered according to law, and if there be
reasons for that supposition, or if he thinks he
has grounds for that supposition, that constitutes
of itself, without reference to the judges at all, a
ground upon which he should have a right to ap-
ply for a change of jurisdiction; and if we were
going, on the present occasion, to change the fo-
rum to one where there was any probability that
the party on either side would nave any advan-
tage over the other, or if by changing the venue
we impeached the judiciary of this District, whv,
then there might be some grounds for the ob-
jection. But we are deciding a judicial ques-
tion, and it ia for us to decide on the reasons for
the change of venue. This House is a court com-
petent to decide on those reasons for a change of
jurisdiction.
The question is essentially a judicial one. AH
that is asked m this bill, as I understand it, is,
that on application, to the judges of this District,
th>-y may have the privilege of changing the ju-
risdiction. This bill does not require absolutely
that the judges shall change the jurisdiction, but
leaves it to the discretion of the court to do so on
application.
Is the House prepared to say that these parties
shall not have the right which is granted in all the
local tribunals of the country ? Why, sir, there
is not a State in the Union where the change of
▼enue is not granted under particular circum-
stances. "Will the House declare that the tribu-
nals of this District shall always decide all cases,
and that the court shall have no right at its dis-
cretion, on application, to change the venue under
any circumstances? I conceive that there is no
impeachment of the judiciary here. What if the
parties are not right?—what if they could get
justice here ? still if they could get a t ial in the
courts of Maryland, they can ailso have justice
there; and it may be rendered there to the satis-
faction of all parties. I hold that it should in all
cases be left at the discretion of the court to grant
a change of venue on the application of the par-
ties. Certainly, in giving my vote here, I do not
mean to cast any aspersion on the judges of this
District. This' bill simply asks that authority
shall be given to the court, on application, to decide
whether or not they will grant tne change of venue
to another jurisdiction, where both parties will ob-
tain justice, and where both parties will be satis-
fied with the judgment that will be rendered by
the court.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Batlt,1 that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and determined in the
negative.
The question having recurred on the proviso
proposed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
! l)rer,] as an amendment to the substitute, it was
taken and carried in the affirmative.
The question now recurred upon the substitute
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary as
amended.
Mr. ASHMUN. I think the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Ewing] must have misunderstood
the amendment, because his remarks did not apply
to it. He seemed to understand that that amend-
ment would provide for a change of venue on the
ground that a fair trial was not to be had, and
that it would authorize the court to change the
▼enue in all cases. Now, sir, this amendment
says no such thing. It says that upon applica-
tion of the party, the venue shall be changed; but
this change shall only take place under certain
provisions. The gentleman's arguments seem to
apply to the ordinal bill. I think the original bill
does leave it at the discretion of the court.
Mr. EWING. Certainly my remarks were
upon the motion of the gentleman from Virginia,
that the bill be referred to a Committee of the
Whole, and were intended to apply to the original
bill.
Mr. ASHMUN. The amendment provides
that the courts indicated shall, upon application,
hart authority to change the venue.
Mr. PRESTON KING. When this bill was
before the Judiciary Committee it was argued by
the parties on both sides, and the city council also
was represented and heard. To the general bill
which had passed the Senate it was objected that
it might subject suitors—business men of thecity—
to inconvenience by transferring their causes to
a distance for trial, and it was alleged that there
was no call for any such general law. But there
is no judicial authority here having power to.
change the venue from the District, as in States
where there are different counties. It is no neces-
sary imputation upon either judge orjury to change
the place of trial. The case of the heirs of Kos-
ciusko has been before the courts of the District
for fifteen years and more, and they are anxious
for a final decision. The application for a change
of venue is for the specific object of bringing this
case to a trial, decision, and end. The committee
agreed to report a substitute for the Senate bill,,
and recommend a special law in this particular
case. To this there can be no just objection. It
is the proposition offered by the chairman of the
committee. I move, Mr. Speaker, the previous .
question.
The demand for the previous question was sec- j
oned, and the main question ordered. !
The question being first on the amendment re-
. ported by the Judiciary Committee, as amended,
l it was taken, and the amendment was adopted.
' The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to a third reading; on which question
Mr. STANLY asked for the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were taken, and re-
sulted—yeas 110, nays 39—-as follows:
YEAS—Merars. Albertson, Ashe, Beale, Bennett, Bint-
bam, Bimell, Bocock, Bokee, Boyd, Briggs, Buel, Bullara,
Burrows, Butler, Joceph Cable, George Alfred Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell. Cartter, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conner, Corwin, Crowell,
Danner, Dcberry, Dimmick, Doty, Ihincan, Dunham, Dur-
kee, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Giddings,Gilmore,
Goodenaw, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Green, Halloway, Har-
lan, Sam [won W. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Howard,
Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
Kaufman, Kerr, Jame< G. King, John A. King, Preston
King, Leffler, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason,
Matteson, McClemand, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McLanahan, Finis E. McLean, Mc&ueen,
Mcacham, Miller, Morris, Morrison. Ogle, Olds, Orr, Pcas-
leet Peck, Porter, Powell, Putnam, Richardson, Risley,
Robinson, Rock well, .Savage, Sawtelle, gprague, Freder-
ick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Tuck, Van Dyke, Venable,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wil-
drick, Wright, and Young—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anhmun, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Booth, Breck, William J. Brown. Burt, Cainp-
' bell, Duer, F.dmundxon, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Gerry,
Hamilton, Hampton, Ilaymond, Hebard, Henry, Hunter,
Jones, George G. King, McKissock, Robert M. McLane,
McMullen, McWillie, Otis, Reed, Shepperd, Spaulding,
Stanly, Stetson, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins, White, and
Williams—39.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time.
The bill Was then read a third time, and the
question now being, " Shall the bill pass ?"—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the previous question, which received a second.
The main question was then ordered and taken,
and the bill was passed. i
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, the title of
the bill whs amended so as to rend: " An act to
authorize a change of venue in the case therein
provided."
Mr. T. moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed, and to fay that motion oil the
table; which latter motion was agreed to. ,
Mr. POTTER inquired if the business on* the
Speaker's table was not now in order?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
expired, and it is in order to move to proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table.  
Mr. POTTER. Then I move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. THURSTON asked the gentleman from
Ohio to withhold his motion to enable him [Mr.
T.J to make a personal explanation.
Mr. POTTER consented to waive his motion
for the present for that purpose.
TOWN LOTS IN OREGON CITY.
Mr. THURSTON then asked the unanimous
consent of the House to enable him to present the
memorial of Andrew Hood and fifty-five others,
praying for the confirmation of titles to certain
town lots in Oregon City. Mr. T. said, he made
this personal request, because in presenting the
memorial, he felt it due to himself and his con-
stituents, made necessary by other persons' acts,
to put himself and his people right before the
country and the House, in order that being made
a matter of record, his remarks might be read and
understood.
No objection being made,
Mr. T. then proceeded to show at length, that
Dr. McLaughlin and the Hudson's Bay Company
had labored to prevent the early settlement of the
Territory of Oregon; that they were guilty of all
he had said in reference to them in his letter to the
members of the House of Representatives; that the
sentiment of the people of Oregon, through their
assembly and otherwise, demanded that this claim
should be reserved; that the memorial itself was
conclusive evidence of this sentiment even among
the memorialists, because they did not pray to
have the claim confirmed to the Doctor, and that
some of the memorialists had signed a memorial
formerly, which expressed the hope that the Doc-
tor would not get it.
Mr. T. then repelled the attack which had been
made on himself, and boldly defended his con-
stituents from the charges made against them by
McLaughlin and Thornton, his attorney, and
vouched for, as Mr. T.said, by M«ssrs. Wait and
Thornton.
Mr. T. said that when he saw Messrs. Wait
and Thornton thus lauding Dr.McLaughlin, while
his lips were slimy with slanders heaped upon
his people, made htm think of nothing less than
two Jews lauding Judas Iscariot.
Mr. T. then read largely from public documents
and from letters, to prove that Dr. McLaughlin
merited no favor from our Government, and that
hispeople approved the course he had taken.
finally, (said Mr. T.,) I wish to assure you and
the whole country, that whenever, and wherever,
and by whomsoever, my people are attacked, here
or elsewhere, publicly or privately, openly or
covertly, in the basement or on the house-top, at
midnight or at noon-day, no consideration, public,
private, or personal, or however momentous, will
deter me from coming to their rescue, and defend-
ing them with a determination worthy of them-
selves and their virtue.
[A full report of Mr. T.'s speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to inquire, Mr.
Speaker, whether there is not a special order ?
The SPEAKER. There is a special order in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is that the cheap postage
bill?
The SPEAKER said it was.
The question was then put on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] that the
House proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table; and on a division,
it was ascertained that there was no quorum.
Mr. BURT demanded tellers on the question;
which being ordered, Messrs. Potter and Clino-
man were appointed; and the question being taken,,
the Jell era reported—ayes 78, noes 38.
Si the motion was agreed to.
