122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
sixty, and in circumstances which induce her
to make tiiis application for the relief which has
been granted in other cases. She alleges that her
husband, then a major in the service, but after-
wards promoted for liis gallantry, in consequence
of exjtosure preceding and after the battle of Tip-
pecanoe, contracted a pulmonary disease which
filially compelled him to resign his commission,
and lie died of the disease so contracted. Under
these circumstances she thinks herself entitled to
the same benefits as are granted to others whose
husbands died of diseases contracted in the service.
I ought also to say that the memorial is accompa-
nied by the signatures of many very respectable
gentlemen, with many of whom I am acquainted,
who speak confidently of the truth of the state-
ment which the memorial contains. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of four
hundred and fifty citizens of the town of Pittsburg,
in the State of Pennsylvania, asking that the pub-
lic domain may be granted in limited quantities to
actual settlers not possessed of other lands.
Mr. W. said, as the Committee on Public
Lands has reported upon the subject, and as there
is now a bill pending before the benate to accom-
plish the object mentioned in this petition, and as
a report has been made upon the bill, I will not
move to refer it, but move that it at present do lie
upon the table.
The petition was accordingly laid on the table.
WITHDRAWAL AND REFERENCE Of PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, it was ordered that
Mrs. Myra Clark Gaines, widow of Major General
Gaines, late of the United States Army, have
leave to withdraw from the files of the Senate her
memorial praying that a pension may be granted
to her.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was ordered
that the memorial of Horace Southmayd & Son,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SMITH. I move that William Pennoyer
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers
from the files of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. Has there been any ac-
tion taken upon them?
Mr. SMITH. I believe there has. I will state
very briefly why he wishes them to be withdrawn.
This is a pension case, and the papers were origin-
ally filed in the Pension Office, and the petitioner
wishes to submit the case for reexamination by
the Commissioner of Pensions, with some addi-
tional testimony. I suppose that may be done.
The PRESIDENT. When an aaverse report
has been made and confirmed by the Senate, the
rule is that the papers cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH. I have supposed, Mr. President,
that the rule permitted papers to be withdrawn for
reexamination, on special reasons given. This
was originally a pension case, pending before the
Commissioner of Pensions. It was brought in
here and committed to a committee, and now the
petitioner supposes that he has proof to submit in
addition to that originally before the Commissioner
to show that he is entitled to a pension under the
existing laws of the country. In that state of the
case I suppose he is entitled to get these papers
before the Commissioner, and I know of no other
way than the manner which I have proposed.
The. PRESIDENT. It will be f<* the Senate
to decide upon the statement which the Senator
has made. The rule was adopted for the best
purpose—that is, to prevent people from coming
here, when adverse reports nave been made on
their papers, and taking them away for further use.
Mr. FOOTE. vI wish to make a single remark.
It does seem to me if this statement is not satisfac-
tory, none can be. I do not understand the rule
to be so rigid as the Chair interprets it. Surely
the reason that there is additional proof, ought to
be conclusive. I should think it very hard if I
could not withdraw papers in such a case, and
therefore I shall vote for the motion.
Leave to withdraw the papers was granted.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move that the petition
and papers in the case of Peter Grover be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate. The object of
the application is that these papers may be again
submitted, with additional testimony. "I suppose
such being the object of the application, it brings
it within the rule upon which the Senate has acted;
in relation to matters of this kind.
| Mr. TURNEY. I think it does not bring the
case within the rule. The object seems to be to
! enable the party to renew his application to Con-
gress. • He seems to have found «de defect in
11 the original papers, which probably consisted in
Sroving some essential fact. If the party has ad-
itional testimony to present, he can have it pre-
sented and referred with the papers without with-
drawing them from the files. I hope the applica-
tion will not be granted.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am aware of the fact that
very considerable inconvenience has been experi-
enced from the withdrawal of papers after a case
has undergone a thorough examination, and a re-
port of all the facts has been made. I suppose
that if we were to adopt a rule that whenever the
petition and papers in a case were withdrawn, it
, should be the duty of the Secretary to endorse
upon the petition the fact of a report and the char-
acter of that report, and if it was further required
that the report should be annexed to the original
petition^ no inconvenience would result from a
withdrawal. The additional testimony which the
applicant now has is of such a character as to re-
, move the objections that existed when the case was
under consideration by the committee. And I as-
sure the Senator from Tennessee that I should not
urge a rehearing of this case unless the additional
testimony proposed to be presented was such as to
make the case a clear one.
| Mr. TURNEY. I cannot see what benefit
will result to the party from the withdrawal of
, the papers, unless there be a desire to conceal
1 some fact contained in the original papers. The
object of the withdrawal cannot be to present
additional testimony in the case, for that can be
1 presented as well without the papers as with them.
It does seem to me that the desire is to suppress
some fact in the original papeiS? which bears against
the case. Otherwise, there can be no necessity for
withdrawing the papers. Additional testimony
can be presented without the party withdrawing
the papers from the files; and I think the papers
> ought not to be withdrawn.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Tennes-
see will perceive that the additional testimony
would not be sufficient except in connection with
the original petition and papers, and the original
petition and papers would not be with the commit-
tee who would have the subject under considera-
tion. The object of the withdrawal is to present
the papers as a whole. If the committee had pos-
session of the original papers, the suggestion of
the Senator would have force; but that is impossi-
ble. And the Senator will perceive that it is neces-
sary the original papers should be withdrawn, in
order that they may be referred with additional
testimony. Indeed, I apprehend no serious diffi-
culty would arise if the original report should go
to the committee with the additional testimony.
The object of the rule was to prevent the con-
cealment of the fact of an adverse report in a .case,
, and the character of that report. When that re-
port shall be submitted with the additional evi-
i dence, the object of the rule will be as fully accom-
plished as if the papers were not allowed to be
withdrawn.
Mr. TURNEY. I think the Senator is wholly
mistaken in supposing that the original petition
and papers, now on the files in this case, cannot
, be referred to a committee of the Senate unless
■ they be withdrawn by the petitioner. The indi-
!' vidua) can present his additional testimony, and
then the papers can be referred with that additional
I evidence.
The PRESIDENT.- The Chair will read the
rule on the subject. It is:
" Whenever a claim is presented to the Senate and referred
to a committee, and the. committee report that the claim
ought not to be allowed, and the report be adopted by the
Senate, it shall not be in order to move to take the papers
from the files for the purpose of referring them at a subse-
quent session, unless the claimants shall present a memo-
rial for that purpose stating in what manner the committee
have erred in their report, or that new evidence has been
discovered since the report, and setting forth new evidence
in the memorial."
Mr. UPHAM. Has any such memorial been
presented by the applicant as the rule requires ?
i i The PRESIDENT. The motion is simply to
withdraw the petition and papers mentioned by
• the Senator from Maine. And the rule is that
{when an application is made to withdraw papers
jwith a view to reference again, the party must
j jfurnish evidence that new matter has been dis-
covered.
has
I Mr. UPHAM. And that new evidence
| not been furnished in this case ?
j The PRESIDENT. Of that the Chair is not
informed.
The motion to withdraw was rejected.
! HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
: prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence in cases
, of contested elections, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
NAVIGATION OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In pursuance of notice
I ask leave to introduce a resolution to provide for
surveying the Ohio river and its tributaries, in
order to test the practicability of improving the
navigation by reservoirs. The plan which I pro-
pose to carry out is that suggested by Mr. Charles
Ellett.
Mr. Ellett has by his diligence acquired very ac-
curate information in regard to the height of water
on the bar at Wheeling during a series of years.
From the tables contained in his memoir presented
to the Smithsonian Institution the following facts
appear: That during a period of six years, 1843
to 1848 inclusive, there were but two hundred and
twenty-four days during which the water was un-
der three feet in depth on the bar, and only thirty-
eight days in these two hundred and twenty-four
during which the depth was below two feet. I have
constructed a table showing the months during
each of the six years when the water on the bar
i was less than three feet, and the number of days
in each month, which I will read for the informa-
; tion of the Senate:
j Number of days during; which water
Months. was not three feet deep.
I 1843, July   11
! August  31
! September  8
Total in 1843   50
1844, September  lfi
October  7
Total in 1844  23
1845, May  6
June  14
July  8
August  23
September  14
Total in 1845  65
1846, July   2
August  9
September  8
  October  14
Total in 1846  33
1847, August  1
September  14
Total in 1847  15
1848, September  22
1: October  16
* Total in 1848 38
Now, sir, the problem to be solved is, whether,
by retaining portions of the surplus water in times
of freshets and supplying it in times of drought,
the depth of the river can be kept up on the bars
at a height not exceeding three feet ? A permanent
depth of three feet would be an immense advan-
tage to the commerce and navigation of the western
, States; and if, upon proper examinations and sur-
veys, it should be found practicable to increase it
to four feet, the benefits conferred by the accom-
plishment of Mr. Ellett's project will exceed com-
putation. My bill only proposes to appropriate
$25,000 to make the necessary surveys, to obtain
the information upon which we may act with full
, knowledge hereafter. It is certainly a small sum
compared with the great magnitude of the object.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill, and it
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
RECOVERY OF MONEY IMPROPERLY PAID.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now ask leave to in-
troduce a bill of which I gave notice a few days
since, entitled " A bill to recover money which
; . has been improperly paid by the Executive De-
