}850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
partment." I hare provided in this bill that in
all cases where money has been paid through !
fraud, or by mistake, or upon ex parte evidence, !
or where the same service has been or shall here-
after be paid for at the Executive Department, or 1
by any officer thereof, it shall be the duty of the
proper officer to institute suits, in some court of I
competent jurisdiction, to recover; and the de- I
cision of the Executive officers in favor of this pay-
ment, and in virtueof which it was paid, shall con-
stitute no bar to the recovery thereof.
1 know cases where money has been thus im-
properly paid, and I know cases where the same
thing has been twice paid for. I bring this sub-
ject to the notice of the Senate, and request them
te provide by legislation that whire the Executive
Departments have been imposed upon, either by
fraud, or by mistake, or where they shall after- '
wards discover that the same thing has been twice
paid, their decision shall constitute no bar to the
recovery of the sum paid by the Judicial Depart-
ment, but thai the proper officer shall in all cases
bring suits lor its recovery.
I hope it will be received and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that that com-
mittee will act upon, and amend its phraseology if
necessary, and give us an early report upon it.
Leave was accordingly granted to introduce the
bill, and it was read a"first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DISTRICT COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. CLEMENS. In pursuance of a notice
previously given, I now ask leave to introduce "A
bill to change the time of holding the United States
District Courts in Alabama, and for other pur-
poses."'
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first
and second time.
Mr. CLEMENS. This bill has reforence simply
to the convenience of the judge of the District Court
in Alabama, and I can see no necessity for its
reference to a committee. The District Court is
now held in Huntsville on the third Monday in
May, and on the fourth Monday of the same
month the same judge is obliged to be in Mont-
gomery, at a distanceof two hundred miles. This
Dill leaves an interval between the times of holding
the courts at these two points; and that is the sub-
stance of the bill. i
I hope it may be now considered and passed. |
There being no objection made, the bill was con- 1 <
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, was re-
-ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed i
for a third reading. j
NOTICES OF BILLS. I
Mr. SEWARD gave notice that on to-morrow, !
or some early day, he would ask leave to introduce 1
a joint resolution instructing the Executive Depart-
ments that hereafter in making purchases of steel
for the use of the Government they examine into 1
the quality and merits of the cast steel manufac-
tured by the Adirondack Steel Company, and such
other American steel as may be offered; and that
if it be found not inferior in quality, and as favor-
able m price, they shall in such purchases give
preference to American manufactured steel over
foreign or imported steel. •
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a joint resolution
explanatory of an act passed 28th September,
1850, entitled " An act for the payment of a com-
pany of Indian volunteers."
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Retolved, That the Committee on Public Lauds be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing Chas.
Melrose, of Buchanan county, Iowa, to enter the south-
west quarter of section three, and the northwest quarter of
section ten, township eighty-nine, north range ten west, in
lieu of the corresponding tracts in township eighty-eight, of
ten west, entered by mistake, either on hia part or that of
the land office.
Mr. JONES submitted documents in relation to
the case, which were also referred, with the reso-
lution, to the Committee on Public Lands.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following; which
lies over one day under the rules:
Resolved, That the tenth role of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following words:
" And every motion may be withdrawn by the mover at
to reconsider, which shall not be withdrawn without leave
of the Senate."
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
" All motions to take up a bill, resolution, or other sub-
ject which shall have been laid on the table; all motions to
proved to tbe consideration of any subject, and all ques-
i tions as to the priority of business, shall be decided with-
out debate."
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED. |
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Cass on the 16th instant, was considered and ;
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom- j
patibie Willi the public interest, to communicate to the
Senate copies of any correspondence, if any has taken
place, between the Department of State and the Austrian
Chargt d' Altaires, respecting the appointment or proceed-
ings of the agent sent out to examine and report upon the
condition and prospects of tile Hunganan people dunug
their recent sUuggle lor independence.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Dodge, of Iowa, on the 23d instant, was consid-
ered and agreed to:
Renlved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into tlie expediency of providtug by law
for the purchase of the "half-bwed tract," (so called,) on
the Mississippi river and Lake Pepin, in the Territory of
Minnesota, and Uiat said committee report by bill or other-
lAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 346, which was under consid-
eration when the Senate adjourned on Monday.
It is " A bill to ascertain and settle private land
claims in the State of California."
The PRESIDENT. That bill is among the
special orders, and is below several others on the
list.
Mr. GWIN. Then I move that the previous
special orders be postponed with a view to take
it up.
Mr. WALKER. Do I understand the motion
to be to postpone other special orders to a particu-
lar day ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; it is only that they be
postponed for the present.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone, and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill has been reported
to the Senate, and is still open to amendment.
Mr. BENTON. The bill was laid over on my
motion. I have been looking into it, and I be-
lieve that when the time comes that we can have
a full Senate—and the importance of the bill re-
quires that we should have a full Senate—I shall
be able to show that the effect of the bill will be to
violate our treaty with Mexico, to violate the laws
of nations, and to despoil the inhabitants of Cali-
fornia of their lands. The bill is open to objec-
tion, and I wish the Senate to be full. We know
that there is but about half "the Senate present
during the holidays, and that half have but little
disposition to engage in heavy business. It is not
to be expected that we shall have a full Senate till
after New-Year's day. I move, therefore, that
the bill may be laid over until this day week, and
made the special order for that day.
Mr. GWIN. I am opposed to the postpone-
ment of the bill. If there are those absent who
would agree with the Senator from Missouri, I
have no doubt but there are also many absent who
would be in favor of the bill as it is amended at
present. I agree with that Senator that we should
have a full Senate to decide whether we are to
have the commissioners settle the private land
claims in California. But the bill has been already
postponed twice at the instance of the Senator from
Missouri, and I think we are prepared to go on
now, and I hope we may do so.
Mr. MANGUM. The bill which it is moved
that we shall now act upon, is known to every
Senator to be one of vast consequence, not only to
individuals, but to the Government, and I think it
is very imprudent to press it upon the considera-
tion of the Senate when there are not thirty Sena-
tors in their seats. I know there is a quorum in
the Capitol, but there is not one here at this in-
stant. If we are to sit, let us attend to business
of less importance and less magnitude. I have
had my attention turned to this bill, to be sure, and
the impression which strikes me with regard to it
is generally favorable; but I desire that it should
be thoroughly investigated, and to obtain all the
information which can be derived from the most
intelligent members of the Senate, I hope the mo-
Mr. GWIN. This bill is otf so much import-
ance to the people of California that I must ask
for the yeas ana nays oti that question. I am
not at all afraid that the interests of any persons
in California will be injured by the passage of this
bill. I am willing to meet the responsibility of
pressing its passage in its present form, notwith-
standing the remarks made by the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. FOOTE. It seems to me that this bill has
been already pretty well canvassed. It is a bill
of great importance, and has been discussed in the
newspapers of the country; and really I should
be somewhat ashamed of myself if I had not at-
tended to it enough to understand it. I have
deemed it my duty to look into it earnestly, and
I am prepared for one to join with the Senator
from California in pressing its passage at the pres-
ent time.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to state that I
have to take the shame to myself of saying that I
do not understand the effect and operation of the
bill now under consideration in all its bearings.
I look upon it as a very important measure. I
look upon it as important not only to the constit-
uency of the Senator from California but to the
country in general; and though I am willing to
grant every proper facility for hastening the bill to
a satisfactory conclusion, my own opinion is that
it ought not to be pressed through the Senate at
this time, and under the circumstances in which
it is presented for our consideration. I wish to
have an opportunity of seeing what general views
may be presented which may differ from tho.se
' entertained by the Senator from California, and
then, as I have a duty to discharge, to determine
which of these propositions shall be the proper
one to be adopted. I think it is not unreasonable
• to ask that the further consideration of the bill
should be postponed for one week. I shall then
be glad to forward the final disposition of the
, measure. But I believe it is not usual to dispose
of measures of such consequence at this early
period, and especially during this week of the ses-
sion. I agree with my colleague that if we do
business of any kind it should be that of less con-
sequence.
Mr. FOOTE. The remarks of the Senator from
North Carolina, I must confess, have had their
effect upon my own mind. Although I am pre-
pared to act upon the question, as he says he is not
prepared to act upon this proposition in a manner
satisfactory to himself, I for one would be willing
to sustain the motion for a postponement. But I
do hope that when the measure shall come up
again, no unnecessary delay will arise. I am sure
it is a measure of great importance and urgent ne-
cessity to the people of California.
Mr. GWIN. If the motion to postpone is
agreed to, I wish to know if the bill will come up
again at one o'clock on Thursday next?
The PRESIDENT. It will come up among the
special orders, and a motion will have to be made
to postpone the other special orders before it can
be considered.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to press this mo-
tion, especially as the Senate is not full; but I am
impressed with the importance of speedily pass-
ing some bill of this kind. I am willing it shall be
postponed, however, if it is understood that it shall
be taken ui^again on Thursday next, and 1 will
withdraw tne call for the yeas and nays.
The question was then taken, and the further
consideration of the bill was postponed till Thurs-
day next.
FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
CAPTORS OF THE
The PRESIDENT then announced
special order to be the
— auu rvvi/ jiiuuvii may uc vriuiuia «  uiv- mvici i <-■ ..| •<
any time before a decision or amendment, except a motion tion to postpone will prevail
the next
bill for the relief of the
captors of the frigate Philadelphia."
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not see the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs in his place. That
bill was postponed on my suggestion some days
since. I would be prepared to go on with it now,
but I do not feel that I am authorized to ask its
consideration in the absence of the chairman of the
committee. I think, sir, what has occurred in re-
lation to this and the preceding bill, is abundant
evidence of our inability, in the present circum-
stances, to continue to discharge with advantage
the public business. I am not in a situation to
move a reconsideration of the vote taken this morn-
ing on the subject of an adjournment, and I must
