124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Dec. 30,
therefore confine my remark# tt> this particular
case. I will ask that this bill may be passed over
informally, or that it may be postponed to some,
certain day, if the first course shall be inconsistent |
with the usages of the Senate. |
Mr. CLAY. I voted against the adjournment i
from this day till Monday when that question was
before us; but from the thin attendance in the Sen-
ate, and the indisposition to take up this subject
and others that are proposed, I perceive that it is
not likely that any real Denefit will be derived from
sitting to-morrow and the next day; and, more-
over, influenced by the action of the House—as I
understand the House has*«djourned till Monday
—I am willing to move to reconsider the vote of
this morning.
Mr. BERRIEN. Before that question is taken,
I move that there may be a specific day assigned
for the consideration of the bill before us, unless it (
can be passed over by general consent.
It was accordingly passed over by unanimous |
consent.
Mr. CLAY. If it is not necessary to make a
motion to reconsider the vote of this morning, I
will now move that when the Senate adjourns it
adjourn tnmeet on Monday next. I
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. i
Monday, December 30, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock.
Mr. Toombs appeared in his seat to-day.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Mr. LA SERE said that the honorable Alex-
ander G. Penn, member elect from theThird Con-
fressional District of the State of Louisiana, to
11 the vacancy occasioned by the death of the
honorable John H. Harmanson, was present and
desired to take his seat.
Mr. Penn then presented himself at the bar of
the House, and was qualified by taking the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States; after which he took his seat.
Mr SIBLEY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given, to
amend an act entitled " An act to establish the
territorial government of Oregon, and an act to
establish the territorial government of Minne-
sota;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
GRANT OF LAND.
Mr. WHITE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, granting the right of way
through the public lands to the Buffalo and Mis-
sissippi and Northern Indiana Railroad Compa-
nies.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time by its
title; when
Mr. WHITE said that this bill provided merely
for granting the right of way to these companies
through public lands; and for allowing them the
use of such materials on the contiguous lands as
were necessary to aid in the construction of said
roads. The lands through which the roads are
to pass are not worth fifty cents for the acre. By
the passage of the bill, the advantage would be
really on the side of the Government; for the
lands on the line of the road would be so greatly
enhanced in value as to more than compensate the
Government for the lands proposed to be granted.
He hoped the bill would be put upon its passage.
The bill was then read through, as follows:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United State* of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the right of way through the public lands be, and
the same is hereby, granted to the Buffalo and Mississippi
and the Northern Indiana Railroad Companies located in
the northern part of the State of Indiana, together with the
right to use so much of the timber, stone, gravel, and other
material, upon the contiguous lands, as may be required in
the construction of said roads and appurtenances: Pro-
vided, The said right of way shall not exceed two hundred
feet in width, except at stations, depots, and turnouts, where
such additional width is granted as may be necessary, not
exceeding five acres it any one location: Jind provided,
further, That an accurate survey and map of the lands here • J
by jranted be filed in the land office nearest to the premises.
This act shall take effect immediately.
Mr. SWEETSER moved that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WHITE appealed to the gentleman from !
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] to withdraw his motion, j
and let the bill be put upon its passage. It merely ,
granted the right of way through a region of coun-
try where the lands are almost valueless. If the
bill was referred, there would be but little hope of
action upon it this session. He hoped the motion
to refer, if insisted upon, would be voted down.
The question was then put on the motion to re-
fer, and upon a division there were ayes 52, noes
63.
Mr. WHITE called for tellers on the question;
which having been ordered, Messrs Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Otis, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 71.
So the bill was not referred.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I have in my hatid a
bill which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands the last session, granting the right of way
to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad Company.
It was the first bill reported the last session, and is
the first upon the calendar. If it be in order, and
the gentleman is willing, I would like very much to
insert the name of this railroad in the bill just of-
fered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
White,] so that the right of way may be granted
in the same bill tq the Memphis and Charleston
Railroad Company. I have no objection to his
bill, and shall vote for it; but if my proposition is
adopted, it will only be making the matter short,
and will give fair way to that bill. If I thought
this amendment would prove any obstacle to the
bill offered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. White,] I would not press it. But I can-
not see how it is likely to have this effect. It only
asks for the right of way; it does not ask the Gov-
ernment to cede to that company any of its public
lands, but merely for the grant of right of way.
I understand that the directory of that road are
now assembled in Memphis to receive the report
of the engineers who have been surveying the
route for some time. This is an important rail-
road. It is to connect the Mississippi with the
Atlantic. The whole country is alive in relation
to that road. We only ask the right of way in
this bill. I trust the gentleman will accept the
amendment, and I hope it will receive the immedi-
ate consent of the House, so that those interested
may know that the right of way is granted.
Mr. WHITE. The bill of which the gentle-
man speaks has been already referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and the report of that
committee made upon it. I think that this bill
should be put upon its passage at once, and that
the bill with which the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] proposes to amend this bill should be
presented to the House upon its own merits.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I call the attention
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. White]
to the fact in relation to the amendment which
I have offered. The bill granting the right of
way to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad
Company was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands the last session, and it was the very first
bill reported by them, and is the first on the cal-
endar granting the right of way.
Mr. WHITE. I will ask the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb;1 if the amendment he has
offered cannot as well De acted upon in a separate
bill ?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I suppose it can. I
merely offered the amendment for the sake of
saying time. The railroad cannot be made until
this right of way is granted. It is very important
that it should be granted immediately. I there-
fore offer this amendment, and it will depend upon
the gentleman from New York [Mr. White] to
say whether he will accept it or not. I trust that
he will accept it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] offers the following amendment
to the bill introduced by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. White] to insert in that bill " the
Memphis and Charleston Railroad Company."
Mr. WENTWORTH. I beg leave to ask
whether there is anything more in this bill than
simply a grant of the right of way which it is ab-
solutely necessary to grant, in order that the road
may be constructed ?
Mr. WHITE. Nothing more was asked for.
Not an acre of land was asked for, beyond what
was necessary to locate the road upon.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker, I
would like to know of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb,] if his amendment provides for any-
thing more than the right of way, which it is ne-
cessary should be granted, before the road can be
constructed ?
Mr. COBB. It does not. This bill was re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands, and is
now on the calendar. It asks for hothmg more.
Mr. WENTWORTH. That being the case,
Mr. Speaker, I do not see why the House is not
prepared to vote upon the question. I therefore
move the previous question on the bill and amend-
ment.
Mt. WHITE. I would like to inquire whether
it is in order to offer as an amendment to the bill
another and distinct bill, which is now pending
before the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must rule the
amendment out of order, unless the bill and amend-
ment are so connected as to make but one prop-
osition. He holds the amendment to be irrelevant.
Mr. COBB said they were not connected.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] will withdraw
his demand for the previous question, in order that
the amendment may be offered.
Mr. WENTWORTH refused to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
The question was then taken, whether there
was a second to the demand for the previous ques-
tion; and there was a second. The main ques-
tion was ordered.
The question now being, " Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third tiitie?"—
The SPEAKER said, that if there was no ob-
jection, the bill would now be read the third time,
as it was engrossed.
Mr. HAYMOND objected.
So the bill goes over till to-morrow.
GRANTS OF LAND.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent of the House, introduced a bill, of which
previous notice had been given, granting the right
of way and making a grant of land to the States
of Louisiana and Mississippi in aid of the con-
struction of a railroad from Madisonville, Louisi-
ana, to Jackson, Mississippi; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
' Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. The report of
: the superintendent of the coast survey, in my ab-
sence, was laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed. I desire to have the report itself referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and to submit a
resolution to have the usual extra quantity printed,
which I wish to have referred to the Committee
on Printing.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. JONES asked if there was not a question
pending when the House adjourned on Monday
last, to suspend the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER said there was.
Mr. JONES. Then I call for the consideration
of that motion.
Mr. McLANE. I desire to know if there is
any objection to the proposition 1 have made in
relation to the report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey ?
TheSPEAKER. Thereis. The call of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee for the consideration of the
motion made on Monday last to suspend the rules
1 is of itself an objection to the introduction of the
gentleman's proposition.
Mr. McLANE. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
There is a motion now pending to suspend the
rules.
Mr. McLANE. My object is merely to refer
the question of printing the usual extra number
to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done except by
unanimous consent—the business in order having
been called for.
Mr. POTTER. 1 move to suspend the rules,
, and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
