126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
I know, sir, that there is an impression in the
country that the soldiers will be put to much ex-
pense to get their lands. It is not remembered or
known that the law of last session provides that
all the preliminaries necessary to put the soldier in
possession of his patent, shall be performed by
' Government free of any cost or charge. But they
do not understand this, or they would be unani-
mously opposed to the passage of any such law
as this, which will tend to throw the entire amount
of bounty land, in value more than $100,800,000,
probably §150,000,000, into the hands of specula-
tors, instead of its going into the hands of those
whom the law intended to benefit. If the bill is
not passed speculators will be unable so easily to
acconiplish their purposes, and I therefore trust
this House will reject it. ,
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, I had not
intended trespassing on the time of the House, and
now only desire to say a few words, rendered ne-
cessary by the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] That gentleman has seen
proper to tell us that this measure will result en-
tirely to the benefit of speculators, and that if he
were a young man, he would desire no finer field
for speculation than this would give him. I do
not preteml to know anything of the history of
that gentleman, but from the intimation thrown
out by himself, it may be, that when he was a
young man, as he doubtless has been, some such
field of speculation offered, and he may now have an
hand a very large quantity of lands that he is desirous
of selling.
Mr. VINTON. Does the gentleman mean to
intimate that such is the fact?
Mr. CALDWELL. I mean to intimate noth-
ing but that the gentleman may have a very large
quantity of lands—some eighty thousand or one
hundred thousand acres—that he wishes to bring
into market. I have already disclaimed any
knowledge of his history, but perhaps he can him-
self shed some light on these matters.
The act of the last session, to which I seek to
give a proper construction by this resolution, was
passed not, as the gentleman says, at the instiga-
tion of speculators, but in compliance with the
demaftds of the people, expressed in their State
Legislatures, and in public meetings held every-
where throughout the Union. The measure was
introduced by my colleague [Mr; Mason] for the
purpose of rendering a substantial benefit, as well
as a testimonial of gratitude to the gallant old sol-
diers who in various wars have borne the hard-
ships and perils of the camp and the battle-field,
ana testified their demotion to their country and
the honor of her flag.
Tliis was the intention of those who passed the
law, but with the construction given to it by the
Secretary of the Interior, it will stand as an act
for the benefit of speculators. I wish to redeem
it from that character by the passage of this reso-
lution.
The intelligent old soldiers who are entitled to
the benefits of the act, claim to be capable of act-
ing for themselves in this matter, and reject with
scorn the guardianship offered them by "the gentle-
man from Ohio. There are those amongst them
in my State who have occupied seats on this" floor
and in the other end of the Capitol, and who have
held high and honorable positions in Kentucky,
entitled to this bounty land. From such men
have I received letters since I first offered this reso-
lution, urging its passage, not only on their own
account, 'but on behalf of hundreds of their old
companions in arms; every one of whom desires
the privilege of selling his land warrant, or loca-
ting it at his own option. Think you that such
men as these need the guardianship of the gentle-
man from Ohio, to keep them out of the hands of
speculators ?
If this resolution is not passed, not one half of
those intended to be benefited by the act will de-
rive any benefit from it, and those who do will be
deprived of at least half the benefits of the act,
under a proper construction. The assumption of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] that the
, soldiers were ignorant of that provision of the
act, which, requires the Government officers to
locate their land for them, is entirely gratuitous,
. and on .behalf of that intelligent portion of my
, own constituents I .hurl it back, and declare th^t,
with a full knowledge on, their part of ail the pro-
visions of the lajv, pot -one of them desires his
land located in thatng&nner' What, would be the
effect, sir? The soldier maybe old; and having i!
devoted the prime of life to his country, may be ;
poor and with a wasted constitution. He may
not be either able or willing to leave his home and '
emigrate to the West, to settle on wild and unim- ;
proved land. What, then, shall he do? He de- i
sires to sell it, but nobody will buy, because no j
one knows anything of the character or quality of <
the land. His patent is a useless piece of parch- ;
ment in his hand; the pretended bounty of his
Government is a cruel mockery, and his land is
left idle and waste, to be sold for taxes or forfeited ,
to the State.
Sir, these land warrants will generally be sold j
inspiteof you, and the question is, will you legalize
the sales and authorize the transfers, and thus ;
enable the donees to go boldly into open market
and get the highest price for them; or will you,
under a pretended guardianship of their interests,
force them into the hands of the large and heartless
capitalist, who will only buy at such a ruinous
sacrifice as will justify him in risking both the life
and the honor of the soldier! For, sir, he must
buy large quantities and at a very low price, to
induce him to risk—first, that the soldier will live '
till the patent issues, and he can get the convey-
ance; and, secondly, that he will convey, though
not bound by the law to do so. By this means
you limit the market and reduce the soldier's bounty
to a mere song.
1 am at a loss to understand why the Secretary
of the Interior has construed the act so as to pre- (
vent the sale and transfer of the warrants. He
must have known that that was not the construc-
tion given to it by either branch of the Congress
that passed it. A provision to prevent the sale
and transfer of the warrants had been rejected by
this House before the bill was ever sent to the
Senate. He must have known that the Senate,
after the act was passed and approved by the ,
President, passed a supplemental act for the very 1
purpose of prohibiting the sale and transfer of the
warrants; and that that act was resisted by the
friends of the law here, and finally smothered to
death in the last hours of the session. From
these facts he must have known that both Houses
of the Congress that passed the law, construed it
to authorize the sale and transfer of the warrants.
And yet, most singularly, he construes it in such a
manner as to defeat all the benefits of the act, and
directly the reverse of the construction placed on
their own action by both Houses of Congress.
Mr. VINTON. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a few words?
Mr. CALDWELL. Certainly.
Mr. VINTON. I should like to make a few
remarks in reference to the point to which the
gentleman is now addressing himqplf, the construc-
tion which was put by the Secretary df the Interior,
and was also put by both branches of the Legis-
lature on the act to which he refers. The supple-
mentary act was proposed to correct a mistake in
the enrolling of the original bill. This was reject-
ed by this House, and the restriction contemplated
by the supplementary act was put into the ori- ;
ginal bill, and dropped out, nobody knows how, in
enrolling the bill; and that resolution was to put
the law back as it was passed by both Houses.
Mr. CALDWELL. Thegentleman seems, in
some degree, to misapprehend me. My object is
simply to show that as the law passed and now
stands on the statute book, both Houses of the •
Congress that passed it construed it to authorize
the sale and transfer .of the warrants. When I
returned home, I so informed my constituents,
and you may imagine my utter surprise, when,
by the next mail, I received the circular of the
Secretary announcing the construction he had
given the law.
Mr. JONES. I should like to make an inquiry,
whether the gentleman has ever seen a claimant
under the act of 28th of September, 1850, who
did not desire that these warrants should be made
assignable ?
Mr. CALDWELL. I answer that I have not
seen or heard of one who did not.
Mr. JONES. I would then ask thegentleman,
if he nas ever seen or heard of any speculator in
bountv lands who desired that these warrants
should be made transferable?
Mr. CALDWELL. I answer, sir, on the con-
trary, that, so feu- as I know, it is the unanimous .
wish pf speculators that they should not be made ,
transferable
Mr. VINTON. I would inquire of the gentleman
from Kentucky if he has ever seen or conversed
with any speculators in these warrants ?
Mr. CALDWELL. The question of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, and my reply to him, re-
lated to land warrants generally. Those specu-
lators I have known had traded in Mexican land
warrants; those under this law were not yet in
the market.
Mr. JONES. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Kentucky one more question. Has he ever seen
a single soldier who served in Mexico, and who is
entitled to land under the law, who has complained
that he has been permitted by law to transfer his
warrant, and who has expressed a wish that this
House or Congress would pass a law prohibiting
him from doing so ?
Mr. CALDWELL. I answer, I certainly have
not. [Laughter.] I will say further that I have
had a great deal to do with the soldiers of the
Mexican war, and their claims for bounty land.
Mr. GORMAN. In reference to the response
to the gentleman from Tennessee by thegentleman
from Kentucky, I wish to ask, that while in the
army while stopping at New Orleans, whether this
gentleman did not see speculators buying up land
warrants by the hundreds from soldiers, and thus
taking unfair advantage of their necessities ?
Mr. CALDWELL. The answer which I shall
give to this question may appear a little strange.
I did not. In reply, however, I may further say
that I did not remain in New Or/eans, as I came
with the general staff, and passed on without
stopping, to join my regiment in Baltimore.
Mr. GORMAN. I asked the question inquir-
ing that the gentleman from Kentucky made a
short stay in New Orleans.
Mr. CALDWELL, (in continuation.) Mr.
Speaker, I have not very much to say, and if I
am allowed to proceed without further interruption,
I will close my remarks in a few minutes. I have
already said that it is the unanimous wish in Ken-
tucky that this resolution should pass, and that
men of the very highest order, of intelligence, men
possessing in the very highest degree the confidence
of all parties in Kentucky, are entitled to the ben-
efits of this act, and are taking a lead in behalf of
their less informed fellow soldiers—all demanding
the passage of this resolution. I would further
remark, that the resolution desiring that this change
should be made has passed the Kentucky Lagisla-
ture, almost unanimously, if not absolutely so.
The opposition to this measure comes from
speculators and large land proprietors—the one
class wishing to keep up the price of Mexican
land warrants, and the other wishing to sell their
own lands. These are the very classes of men
who hung about the-Capitol and made most vio-
lent opposition to the passage of the law at the
last session, and now are the loudest in their pro-
fessions of regard for the soldiers, and are most
terribly alarmed lest they should fall a prey to
speculators.
I move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The question being then taken on the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table, it was
agreed to.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, demanded
the previous question; which was seconded, and
the main question ordered, which main question
was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. VINTON called for the yeas and nays,
and which being ordered, they were taken and re-
sulted—yeas 108, nays 51—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Ashe, Av-
erett, Bayly, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,
Breck, Briggs, Buel, Billiard, Burt, Butler, George A. Cald-
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Crowell, Danner, Dimmick, Disney,
F.draundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry,
Giddipgs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Hall, Hamilton,
Hampton, Ishain G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haymond,
Hibbard, Milliard, Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Howe,
Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Littlefield,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, MeClernand,
McDowell, McGaughey, McKissock, McLanahan, Robert
M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, Me-
Willie, Meacham, Morehead, Morris, Morrison, Ogle,
Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Potter, Powell, Robin-
son, Savage, Sawtelle, Sbepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stetson, James Thompson, John B. Thomp-
son, Toombs, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Went-
worth, Whittlesey, Williams, Wihnot, and Young—108.
