1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
NAYS—Messrs Albertson, Beale, Bennett, Bokee, Wil-
liam J- Brown, Joseph Cahle, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke,
Cole, Conser, Deberry, Dotv, Duer, Duriee, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Gilbert, lionnan, Grinnell, Halloway, Hammond,
Harlan. Hay, Hebard, Henry, Hunter, Julian, Kerr, James
G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Matteson, John K.
Miller, Daniel F. Miller, Otis, Peck, Putnam. Reed, Rich-
ardson, Rockwell, Root, Sehenck, Schoolcraft, Sweetser,
Jacob Thompson, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, White, and
Wright—51.
So the bill was passed.
Before the above vote was announced,
Mr. FITCH said that he was without the bar
when his name was called, and asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to permit him to re-
cord his vote.
Objection was made; when
Mr. PITCH said that if he had been present,
he would have voted yea.
Mr. DUNHAM asked permission to record his
vote in the affirmative on the joint resolution. He
said that he had been called out on business just
before the question was taken. If he had been
present he would have voted in the affirmative.
Objection was made and permission was not
granted.
Mr. CALDWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON THE COAST SURVEY.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, by
unanimous consent, it was ordered, that the report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and that a
proposition to print six thousand copies extra
thereof—one thousand of which for the use of the
Coast Survey, and the residue for the use of the
House—be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FEATHERSTON (the rules on his mo-
tion being suspended for the purpose) introduced
the following resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform this House, as soon as practicable, whether one
Charles Borland, a citizen of the State of Ohio, lias been
employed and sent by the Government as its agent or at-
torney to collect, by suit or otherwise, the bonds for which
the Choctaw Orphan Reserve lauds were sold in the State
of Mississippi; and if so, under what law, or by what au-
thority, and what is to be his compensation, and how paid.
Also, to communicate to this House whether said Borland
has been instructed to take the collection of said claims
from the district attorney of the United States for the north-
em district of Mississippi, and if so, for what reason.
Also, to inform the House whether the said Borland has
been authorized to compromise with said debtors by re-
ceiving less than the sums due by contract, and whether
he has been instructed to dispose of a part of said orphan
lands by lease, sale, or otherwise, and if so, under what
authority or by what law such instructions have been
issued.
RIGHT OF WAT. j
Mr. SCHENCK asked for and obtained the |
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice had been given, en-
titled " An act to grant the rigTit of way through
the public lands for the construction of a line of
railroad through the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois."
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if the bill was
now open to amendment ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move the following
amendment as a substitute for the bill. It con-.-
templates the same object, and I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schence] will adopt it.
Mr. VINTON asked that the original bill might
be read first.
The bill was accordingly read by the Clerk, ap
follows: ' ,
" A bil I .to grant a right of way through tlie public tahds, for
a line of railroads through the States of Ohio, Indiana,
And Illinois. ;
■ "Beit enacted, 4'c.. That a right of way through the
public lands be, and the same is hereby, granted to tile
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, for tile construction
-of a line of railroads frohi the railrnhds connecting Cin-
cinnati and Sandusky City, in Ohio, orfma tmne interme-
. dials point between those two places, across and through
the Slates of Indiana and Illinois, to some point on the
Mississippi river, near to or opposite the city Of St. Louis,
in Missouri: Prorjrfrrf, Thftf the location of said' Hhe of
railroads shall be determined within the limitssaid sev-
eral States by acts of their reBpecuve Legislatures." . ,
Mr. McCLERNAND then moved to strike out
the whole of the original bill, and toinsert the fol-
lowing as a substitute: , ,
Be it enacted, Sfc., That Hie right of way through the j
nublic lands be, and the same is hereby, granted .to the !
State's of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, respectively, for (he ij
construction of a railroad from a point at or nenr Illinois-
town, pn the Miwioippiriver, vpon ttte moot' dirert and '
I eligible route to the line of the Central Railroad in Illinois;
I thence, by brandies, upon the most eligible routes—one
i to Cincinnati or Sandusky City, or to any point between
said cities, the other to New Albany, on the Ohio river;
said road and branches to be located by the Legislatures of
said States, respectively, within the limit') of each; and
said States are respectively authorized to take necessary
; materials of earth, stones, timber, See., tor the construction
| of so much of said road, or either or both of said branches,
as inay be located within its limits; and a copy of tile sur-
veys (if said road and branches, made under the direction
of the Legislatures of said States, respectively, shall be
forwarded to the proper local land offices, and to the Gen-
eral Land Office at Washington city, within ninety days
alter the completion of the same.
Skc. 2. be it further enacted, 3*c., That there be,
and hereby is, granted to the States of Illinois, Indiana, and
Ohio, respectively, every alternate section of public land
designated by odd numbers within the limits of each of yaid
States, for six nnles on each side of said road and branches,
for the length thereof: Provided, That the said States, re-
spectively, may supply any deficiency caused by the sale,
reservation, or encumbrance by preemption of said grant,
by taking and substituting any quantity not exceeding the
said deficiency, not reserved or incumbered by preemp-
tion, anywhere exterior to the limits of said grant, and
within nine miles of said limits, and nearest the same:
Provided, further, That the grant to Ohio may be located
anywhere within said State, upon any lands not reserved
nor incumbered by preemption.
Sec. 3. Jlnd te it further enacted, That die Governor
of each of said States may ascertain and report the lands
granted by this act within its limits, by their descriptive
numbers, to the proper local land offices, and to the General
Land Office at Washington city; but the same shall be done
within three mouths after the location of said road, or both,
or either of said branches, according to the case, within the
State. Said lands may be applied under the direction of the
Legislatures of said States respecuvely; but for no other
purpose than the construction of said road and branches, or
branch, within the limits of the State ; and shall only be ap-
plied as the work progresses: Provided, That each of said
States shall refund the proceeds of the sale of said land, or
any part thereof within its limits; and likewise any of said
lands remaining unsold shall revert to the United States,
unless so much of the wotk as may be located within the
State be finished within ten years from this date.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said road
and branches shall be and remain a public highway ; and
the mail of the United States shall always be transported
upon the same for such compensation as Congress by law
may direct; and any property, or troops of the United
States, shall be transported upon the same free of toll or
other charge.
Mr. McC. With the permission of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [MA Schenck,] I desire merely
to say that the bill which I have offered as a sub-
stitute contemplates the same object as the bill
which he has introduced. It is to grant the right
, of way through the States of Indiana, Illinois, and
j Ohio, to a point on the Mississippi river opposite
St. Louis.
Mr. DUER. I rise to a point of order, and the
j point of order that I raise is, that the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois is not in order, be-
cause the bill introduced by the gentleman from
i Ohio provides for a specific line, whereas the
I amendment is a general grant; and secondly, be-
J cause the bill grants merely the right of way,
j whereas the amendment of the gentleman from II-
l linois provides, for a large grant of land to aid in
! the construction of the railroad. The subjects,
therefore, are totally different.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Duer.] is under some misappre-
hension.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that he
has already intimated his opinion in reference to !
! the point of order made by the gentleman from
New York. The Chair has decided this morning
i that these amendments are only in order when they
are connected with the bill before the House. That
i is as far as he will go in receiving amendments.
Mr. McCLERNAND claimed the floor, for the
purpose of explanation; and said that the bill
introduced by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
| Schjenck] asked for a grant of land from a point
on the Miasissippi river opposite to St. Louis, to
a point, , in Ohio, either at Cincinnati.or Sandusky
City, , His bill provided for the same right of way,
and thus far it corresponded with the bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Ohio. But hisjiill
pot only asked a grant of land for the location of
;the road , but in addition, to that itaskedfor a grant
of jand ,,to-aid, in the, construction, of the road.
That was the difference between the original bill
/end the amendment, and he held, therefore, the i
amendment was clearly in order, ■<; ,. - • , , j
- Mr. MeC, said his amendment contemplated a j
project,which,had.been much diseussed m differ- i
ent parts, of the country, and which had been gen- •
erally approved hy those who understood its ob- ;
jects. ■ At the last session of Corigres a- bill had I
"been passed granting a-quantity of knd for:the,oot*- j
■sfeructioft of a railroad frofij Chieago, to,,Mobiie; II
'I thus connecting the North and the South together
! | at remote points. With the completion of this im-
j portant work a new and speedy communication
would be opened between the northwestern lakes
and the Bay of Mobile. It was now proposed by
the amendment under consideration to connect the
East and the West together by a similar communi-
cation, commencing on the Mississippi river at a
point opposite, or near St. Louis, in Missouri;
extending thence upon the most direct and eligible
route to the line of the Chicago and Mobile road;
thence by branches upon the most eligible routes
■—one to New Albany, in Indiana, opposite Lou-
isville, in Kentucky, and the other to Cincinnati,
or Sandusky City, or to any point between those
[ two places in Ohio. The main road and branches
\ thus delineated to be located by the Legislatures
I of the several States through which they pass.
; Such were the provisions of the amendment re-
specting the location and connections of the roads.
The grant proposed was of alternate sections of
public land along the lines of the roads for six
i miles on each side, with the right to substitute
other lands within fifteen miles of the roads, ex-
cluding the alternate sections reserved to the Uni-
ted States. In consideration of this grant, the
' States of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio undertook to
transport the troops or any property of theUnited
States free of toll, and to transport the mails at
such rate of compensation as Congress, by law may
, direct.
Mr. McC. said he had not designated the point
' where the main road radiating from the Missis-
sippi river should intersect the Chicago and Mo-
' bile road; because there was understood to be a
( division of opinion among the friends of the gen-
: eral measure from Illinois and Indiana, as to the
proper point for the intersection; because it was
unusual, if not unauthorized, for Congress to un-
dertake to trace the line of such an improvement
within the limits of a State; and, lastly, because a
proper regard for the dignity and rights of the in-
dividual States required that such matters should
be left to their own (^rection. And for the same
reason he had abstained from designating thefo-
cations of the branches eastward of the Chicago
and Mobile road—leaving that question to flie de-
cision of the States immediately interested, who
may be presumed to be more familiar with the
reasons which should control such locations, than
:; the members of this House were. Such was his
; | individual view; but if the House chose to fix the
ji proposed intersection, it would not be for him to
! reject the whole measure, important as it was, on
. that account.
The proposed roads, when located, would trav-
1 erse the States of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, em-
j bracing an extensive portion of the Mississippi
] Valley, containing a large and growing popula-
tion, and rising in agricultural and commercial im-
portance quite as rapidly, if not more rapidly,
than any other portion of our whole country. Not
only would they traverse -those States, but, con-
necting with the Ohio and Pennsylvania improve-
ments, and with the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
I they would complete a system of communications
affording easy, certain, speedy intercourse be-
1 tween Baltimore and Philadelphia on the Atlantic;
1 and Cincinnati and Louisville on the Ohio, and
, St. Louis on the Mississippi. And, after the lib-
! eral grants of land that had been made for the
Wabash and Erie Canal, for the Illinois and Mich-
igan Canal, and for the Chicago and Mobile rail-
, road—all tapping the Mississippi Valley, and ter-
minating northerly on the northwestern lakes, and
ultimately at Boston and New York. After all
that, was it not fair and just that the great inter-
ests more immediately connected with these roads
should be encouraged—encouraged, not only by
those who represent them here, but also by mem-
•bers representing pther more favored interests.
Nor would these roads concentrate all their ad-
vantages at.Philadelphia, Baltimore,'-and other
more southerly cities on the Atlantic seaboard, but
■ connecting with other similar improvements ter-
; minating. upon the lakes, or- extending uniiiter-
' ruptedly to the cities of New York and Boston,
they would, materially contribute to swell the trade
and travel to those, and all the cities east of and
including Norfolk. Norfolk Would be benefited
by the proposed branch road to Louisville, by ,the
extension of the, same, how partly com pi if ted
through Kentucky to Big Sandy, or to Bom« other
point of easy sccesa from tlutt city, . -!
