128
THE CONGRE8SIOWAL GLOME.
Dec. 30.
These roads rise fttr above the doubtful import- i j
nice of merely local improvements—they are es- j
eentially national works, appealing to every section j;
of the country for its encouragement and support, j
When completed, they will form links in the great
continental railroad, which will, at no distant day,
connect the Pacific with the Atlantic ocean. They
will afford new avenues of trade and travel, com-
bining the varied interests of our extended country
as our interest and one whole—generalizing public
sentiment, and strengthening the bonds of our
Union. And who would not hail such a result?
The roads will traverse an extensive region in
the States of Illinois and Indiana, particularly, in
which a large quantity of public lands is situated,
which have been in market variously from twenty-
five to forty years, which are prairie lands remote
from timber, and which must continue, in a meas-
ure, unsaleable until the means of introducing ma-
terials for their improvement are afforded. Many
of those have now been in market until the interest
upon their price more than amounts to that price.
In this view, the measure will promote the reve-
nues of the Government by enhancing the value
and accelerating the sale of the lands through which
the roads pass—lands which are now unsaleable.
It will promote the interests of the States in which
the lands are situated, by causing them to be ap- 1
propriated and improved by industrious settlers,
thereby adding not only to the wealth of those
States, but to the general wealth of the country at j
large.
Such was a brief outline of the amendment, and
such would be its favorable operation if it should
be enacted into a law. He (Mr. McC.) appealed to
the members from Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Kentucky, particularly,to come forward in sup-
port of the measure. He appealed, also, to members
from all the States, to unite in its support, with a
view to its national importance and the general
advantages it must confer. He hoped the friends
of the measure would unite with him in passing it
now. The reference of the measure to any com-
mittee-would be its defeat. It must be passed now,
oftsoon, or not at all at the present session, if ever.
Mr, SWEETSER obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. 'Am I not entitled to the
floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
{Mr. Schevck] did not rise and take the floor after
the reading of the bill, but thegentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClehwavd] was recognized and
moved an amendment. Subsequently the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] has addressed the
Chair, and is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood that I was
yielding the floor all the time to the gentleman !
from Illinois, to enable him to make'some expla- I
nations.
The SPEAKER. The attention of the Chair
'was directed to the gentleman from Ohio, as the
member who introduces a bill is entitled to the
floor by courtesy, but the gentleman from Ohio
did not rise.
- Mr. DUER. I wish to understand from the
Chair whether the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Illinois lias been received?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, on the statement
of the gentleman from Illinois, holds that the
amendment is in order.
Mr. DUER. I understand that the original bill
(and I wish the point noted by the Chair) grants
the ri^ht of way through the public lands to a spe-
cific line of railroads, but this substitute is a gen-
eral bill to give lands to all the railroads through-
out the United States.
Mr. McCLERNAND. No, sir, it gives to a
certain road the right of way.
Mr. DUER. Is it the same road ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Yes.
Mr. DUER. Well, then, if they are the same
roads, the only difference is, that one bill grants
the right of way, and the other makes a grant of
land.
The SPEAKER. The original bill is to grant
the right of way through the public lands, and the
Chair holds that an amendment to such a bill
which proposes merely to make a more extensive
grant of land, is in order. The amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois differs only in that respect,
and it is, therefore, in order.
Mr. SWEETSER moved to refer the bill, with
the pending amendment, to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. S. said that inasmuch as the bill and amend-
ment will probably concentrate the whole strength
of; those in favor of the numerous propositions
now pending before the House, he felt justified
in occupying the floor in stating his objections to |
the above class, in advance of a general discussion ,
which these measures would doubtless undergo in
the Committee of the Whole.
He was opposed to all measures that proposed
to transfer the public lands to railroads, or any
other incorporation, or to States in trust, to be
invested in the stocks of any railroad incorpora-
tion. It has been said on this floor, that Ohio
having received a large share of the public lands in
aid of her public works, her Representatives were
warring upon other States, who desired at this late
day to participate in a fair division for similar ob-
jects.
With a single exception, which will be noticed,
Mr. S. said Ohio had not received the public lands
for the use or benefit of any incorportion. The
public lands which have from time to time been
donated to Ohio, have been to aid in completing
her canals, and other public works, commenced
and carried out under the internal improvement
system which the State entered into in 1824, in
' which the State was, and is, the sole owner; con-
sisting, in the main, of two canals, running through
the State, connecting the waters of Lake Erie with
the Ohio, at Portsmouth and Cincinnati.
If gentlemen from Illinois, Indiana, Missouri,
Arkansas, or any other States, will show that
j their respective States, having projected any pub-
lic work, as a State work, either canal or railroad,
i and desire public lands along the road or canal to
aid in its construction, my vote will be most cheer-
fully given in favor of such a proposition.
It is said by my friend from Missouri, that
these desired grants are to the States and not to
incorporations.
What are the facts'! Every one of these propo-
sitions purport to give the State the right qf way
as the main object, and alternate sections of land
1 as eolUUeral.
Now, I submit to the genftman from Missouri,
■ the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
and to any lawyer in this House, that the avowed
1 object, to wit: the right of way, is a complete
refutation of the assertion that these proposed
railroads are State works. It is well known that
the right qf eminent domain belongs to the States,
and that the Government holds the public lands
in trust for the States and the people, and that a
law of Congress giving to the States the right to
pass over the public lands with any or all their
public works, would be an act of supererogation.
The States have the right, without any law of
•Congress; and why this pretence of the right of way ?
It is a fraud upon the credulity of the House.
There has been during the present session a
contest for the floor, in order to introduce , bills
which propose to give the right of way to certain
railroad routes, which demonstrates to my mind,
that a wholesale system of plunder is to be the
result. These indications are alarming. If it is
the intention of Congress to make a final disposi-
tion of the residue of the public lands, I am in
favor of giving the whole to the actual settler.
I am not ignorant of the past history of my
own State in regard to investments in railroad and
turnpike incorporations, about 1837. Her canals
had so far involved the State in debt that the peo-
ple became alarmed for the credit of the State.
The Legislature passed a law changing the policy
of the State, prospectively in relation to the future
improvement by railroads, turnpikes, &c., grant-
ing numerous acts of incorporation, and requiring
the State (upon the organization of railroad and
turnpike companies, and the subscription of a cer-
tain amount of stock) to subscribe a certain pro-
portion in said organized companies.
What was the result ? The companies obtained
the money of the State, and in a majority of cases
Squandered it, failed, and the State lost about one
half of dll the money that was invested under that
law. The law was repealed, and is now known
as the " plunder bill." *""■
I am anxious to see railroad incorporations suc-
ceed, and make large profits, if they make the
, roads with their own money. I do not believe
that public money or property should be commit-
: ted to their eharge. New York, with her gi-eat
experience, was so well satisfied upon this subject
J that in a recent modification of her constitution
she prohibited the investment of public money in
any incorporation whatever.
It remains for the ingenuity of Ohio legislators
to attempt to transfer this right of eminent domain to
the railroad incorporations of the State by a gen-
eral law of 1847-8, which was pointed at the citi-
zens in order to force a right of way through the
lands of citizens upon their own terms, upon the
assumption which we shall have in this House,
that all the railroads in the country are public
works.
I will give the House the case heretofore alluded
to, in which they will have an example in point.
About the year 1828 Congress gave to the State of
Ohio, for the purpose of aiding the Columbus and
' Sandusky turnpike company, alternate sections of
■ the public lands on one side of said road. The
company received the lands, made sale of them,
and invested the proceeds in the construction of a
turnpike road. The road was made in a manner
, acceptable to the Governor, and kept up for a time
until it wjy) thought to be a nuisance. The Legis-
lature repealed the charter, authorized the loca-
tion of a State road upon the track, and the State
stands now committed with squandering tlie trust
thus confided.
Sir, 1 repeat that I have no confidence in the
safety of the public lands committed to the charge
of any incorporation whatever.
It is well known that most, if not all the prop-
ositions before the House for the donation of the
public lands for the aid of railroads, are in ad-
vance of any surveys, or even acts of incorpora-
tion within the-State. It seems that there is to
be a combination of strength here to carry these
! measures through for the benefit of a defined ob-
ject to be carried out upon some unknown route
1 by combinations not yet formed.
1 It seems to me that the House should fully con-
sider, and act advisedly upon these measures.
I have stated my reasons briefly for the motion,
and I desire to repel the charge that is made, that
because Ohio has got her share she is ungenerous
towards her. western sisters. If gentlemen will ask
for public lands in aid of their projected State
public works, they shall have my aid; but as long
as I hold a seat upon this floor, my vote will not
be given in favor of a proposition which gives the
public lands to railroad companies, or to States to
be by them given to railroad companies.
The experience in my own State, superadded to
that of New York, convinces me that such appro-
priations are unsafe and impolitic.
Mr. MARSHALL rose and desired to offer an
amendment; but
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Venabi.e] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. VENABLE said: I do not purpose to dwell
at ahy length upon this subject, inasmuch as I am
not on all points thoroughly conversant with the
provisions of the bill, or the merits of the case,
and cannot feel sure of the tendency of all that
gentlemen have said on this floor in reference to
it. An allusion has been made to the devotion of
the public lands proposed for the- construction of
this railroad through certain States. In reference
to this I wish to say that in any distribution of
these public lands I am not disposed to make it
partial. If these distributions be made at all, let
not one State or section of the country be the sole
donee of the bounty of Government, but let the
old as well as the new States share alike and
equally in the distribution. I do not, sir, see any
justice in making distribution to this or that cor-
Foration of good, or swamp, or bog land; nor am
in favor of making grants of land for cor-
porations or companies to construct railroads
like the great railroad route from Mobile to the
lakes, for which provision was made at the last
session of Congress, and which has never even
been commenced. I think, sir, it requires that this
House should exercise discretion in making these
grants. I have not" been able to understand why
gentlemen who support this resolution should ob-
ject to the bill being fully and carefully considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, if they feel confident that the merits of
the scheme warrant an appropriation of the public
lands.
I see, Mr. Speaker, no propriety in making
grants of this sort without a full warrant that the
ohject is one in the accomplishment of which
Government may justly give the assistance re-
