THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31 t Conouss, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1851.
New Series.... No. 9.
quired. If I am satisfied on this point, 1 shall |!
vote for the bill; if it appears that this is a case in ij
which there is a sort ot title to the grant asked.
I do not see why gentlemen should shrink from
an investigation of the merits of the claim in this
respect, if these merits are good, and the grant of
land is fair.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Do I under-
stand that the gentleman from North Carolina will
vote for the measure ?
Mr. VENABLE. I shall not do so unless I
am perfectly satisfied on the points that I have
mentioned.
Mr. McLANE. I would ask the gentleman
from North Carolina whether the bill has not been
inquired into by the Committee on Public Lands,
and whether it is not true that they have reported
in favor of it ?
Mr. VENABLE. This is not evidence suffi-
cient for this House of the merits of the case, even
though the Committee on Public Lands may
have approved it. If gentlemen think this scheme
has merits, they will take it into Committee of
the Whole, ana allow Congress, by a vote, to
decide upon those merits. We should not sit
here and vote away Uie public domain without
fully understanding the nature of the scheme for
which we are providing. We should, I think, be
careful to make such a distribution of the public
lands as would tend to the greatest amount of -
benefit to the people at large. We are not to
make grants to certain corporations or companies,
or even States, but we are bound in justice to se-
cure an equal distribution. We are not to vote
millions of acres to a corporation for the construc
tion of a railroad that will perhaps be never
made; for canals or other schemes that will never
be altered upon. We are not to grant these lands
for the benefit of the corporations, but for the
benefit of the States at large—the old as well as,
and equally with, the new. If we must divide
the lands, let us make a fair and equal division.
All the States, all portions of the Union, are fairly
entitled to an equal share. If the friends of this
scheme are afraid of investigation, I would say to
this House, reject the proposition, for I should
distrust its merits. I should not feel justified in
giving my vote or voice in its fevor. I therefore
move that the bill be referred to the Committee of,
the Whole on the state of the Union, and call for
the previous question. ' i
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] will with-
draw his motion for the previous question, in or-
der that I may introduce an amendment.
Mr. VENABLE withdrew his motion for the
previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to introduce the
amendment which I pro,pose and in doing so will
make a few observations.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order for
the gentleman to introduce his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Vevable] has withdrawn ,
his motion for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer was
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweet-
ser,] and is therefore not under the control of the
gentleman from North Caralina, [Mr. Venable,]
although he has withdrawn his motion for the
previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
-from Ohio will withdraw his motion to refer, that
I may introduce my amendment. If he will con-
sent, I promise to renew it again. I am desirous
xhat my amendment shall come before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's amend-
ment will be reported for the information of the
House.
The Clerk then read the amendment, as fol-
low*:
Add to th  1st section, {16th line) the following:
" Pro Med, That the branch to New Albany shall pursue
the chartered route of the Alton, Mount Carmel, and New
Albany railroad from the point at which the main stem from
Illinois Town intersects the sanje."
Mr. MARSHALL said: Lam desirous, Mr,
9
Speaker, to present some observations in conpec- i
tion with the amendment just read, and I respect- ;
fully ask the attention of the House. ;
I have no objection, sir, to the passage of the !
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, when I
modified by the proposition I have submitted. If
the Representatives from Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois wish, by the establishment of railroads
through the center of those States, to invite the
travel from the West to thelake borders,and thence
to the great cities of the North, I have no desire
to counteract that policy; but, I wish, as a corre-
sponding measure, to connect the same great West
by similar railroad communication, with the cen-
ter of the interior, and with the' southeastern
States. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mc-
Clernand] seems to have admitted the justice of
such a connection by his proposition to allow the
branch to New Albany. The only point of dif-
ference between us "is as to the point of departure
of that hranch from the main stem. He proposes ,
that the intersection of the main stem with the
central road from Cairo to Chicago shall be the
point of departure for the branch. I propose that
the intersection of the main stem with the Alton
and Mount Carmel road shall be the point, and
that the Mount Carmel route shall be pursued
thence to JXew Albany. To carry the branch so
far north as he proposes, will be nearly equivalent
to refusing the road to my section of the country.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (interposing.) Will the
gentleman allow me to explain? The effect of the
amendment he had offered would be precisely sim-
ilar, he thought, to that which the gentleman from
Kentucky is anxious to promote in the proposition
he firings forward.
Mr. MARSHALL, (in continuation.) Then
of course my proposal will be exactly in,place;
and if the intentions of the gentlemen who sup-
port this bill are sincere, they will not object to
the proposition which expresses in language what
they profess to support in fact. There will be no
; objection, I trust, to a proper and distinct specifi-
I cation of the point of departure of the New Albany [
branch, and of our intent to adopt the Mount i
Carmel road as the route to which this donation
shall apply. I will remark to the House that I
am particular on this point, because, first, the
Mount Carmel and Albany Railroad has been pro-
1 gressed with to a considerable extent. More than
$300,000 have been expended upon the grading of ,
that route, and its practicability is known to the
country. Second, the company is chartered al-
ready by the Legislatures of Indiana and Illinois;
and if we indicate by the act to what purpose this do-
nation is to be applied, we shall secure the direc-
tion of the fund by both States to the same work,
and the certain connection of the falls of the Ohio
with St. Louis, by an overland railroad commurii- ,
cation.
It- will be remembered that the southeastern
States have penetrated the Valley of the Missis-
sippi with railroads. Virginia and North Carolina
have public works in progress, bearing to a junc-
tion with the Chattanooga stem of the Georgia and
South Carolina railroads, which debouch upon
Savannah and Charleston. Florida and Alabama
will connect with the same system. Tennessee
has chartered the road from Chattanooga to Nash-
ville, and the worhifl already in progress.
New, sir, the States of Kentucky and Tennes-
see have chartered companies to connect Louisville
! and Nashville by railway, and the city of Louis-
ville lias indicated her willingness to contribute, as
, a corporatism, $1,000,000, towards the completion
' of this work. Movements are to-day being made
i through the counties bordering on this roule, which
leave no doubt that the connection between Nash-
ville and Louisville will be completed as soon as
the connection between Nashvilleand Chattanooga.
This is the great work which is to bind the plant-
ing interest of the South to the agricultural and
manufacturing interest of the West.
If, in any case, a donation to assist in the con-
struction of a railroad can be proper, the House
I must perceive that the claim I have the honor to
1 submit appeals strongly to its favor. The largest
cities of Kentucky and Indiana are located at the
falls of the Ohio. The proposed branch will unite
these cities with St. Louis, enabling the traveler to
avoid sixty hours' dangerous navigation by that
which he can accomplish in ten hours by the use
of this railway. He may avoid four hundred miles
of Ohio river navigation, and the most dangerous
part of the Mississippi, by a journey of two hun-
dred and forty-eight by this railroad. He may
breakfast in Louisville and sup in St. Louis.
Kentucky and Missouri will thus be brought di-
rectly together, and the way will be opened for the
whole South to the great hemp-growing regions of
the West—the great grazing and hog-raising re-
gions of the West—in fine, to the granary of this
glorious country. If there is such a work as a
National work, this is that work. It binds together
not merely two but a dozen States, and unites not
merely two but a half dozen interests, to prove to
each and all that in union is the greatest strength.
I attempted to get this bill before Congress at its
last session, but I was not happy in securing the
ear of the House, it not being then disposed to
listen to my amendment.
I repeat, sir, that if there is any subject, any pro-
posal m reference to railroads deserving of the cen-
sideration of Congress, this is one. It is essen-
tially national in its character. If the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw his motion to refer, I will
then make my motion, or rather incorporate my
amendment in the bill, and then we may test its
strength. I do not suppose that there is any gen-
tleman upon this floor who would attempt to say
anything in opposition to my proposition; for it
has been considered by the Representatives through
whose districts the road will run and by the peo-
ple of the country, and it has met with the appro-
bation of all. It is proper that the benefits flowing
from the public lands should be equally distributed.
By their devotion to an object so purely national
as this, such a result is effectually accomplished.
This is one of the ways in which they could be
made really useful to the country.
I ask at least that while the great land fund is
I being distributed to railroads upon the " alternate
1 section " principle, they who have the power of
numbers here will think of the object I propose,
which is one in which the greatest good can be
accomplished, and in which the lands will operate
as a real public benefit.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor, and said:
I am a little unfortunate, Mr. Speaker, in having
introduced a bill which has run away from me en-
tirely. I thought I had claimed the floor at the
start, and was entitled to it; but it seems I was
understood to have yielded it, and other gentlemen
got before me. It is attributable entirely to my
modesty, I suppose. [Laughter.] The bill which
t I have introduced is simply one granting the right
of way to a series of railroads all in a direction
from east to west, through the great table-land
i country that separates the waters of the Ohio river
' from the lakes. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
i McClernand] proposes as a substitute to my bill g
| one which provides for the saine object with only
1 this difference, that it gives a little   wider mar-
gin." [Laughter.] , I had confined myself to the
: right of way. He proposes to go further, and
1 give lands to aid in the construction of the roads
i in the several States through which they shall pass,
i Well,' sir, I have looked into the gentleman s
amendment, which I confess is not entirely new
to me, and considered the whole matter, and 1
have concluded to accept that enlarged proposition
as a substitute for my bill, if I ,may,be. permitted
i to do so. I would inquire of the Chair if it will
; I be in order for me to do so now ?
! The SPEAKER. The bill has passed from the
i gentleman, and is now in the possession of the
House. The bill having been introduced by unan-
i imous consent, the gentleman cannot modify it or
j accept of any amendment. It requires the action
J of the House. .
Mr SCHENCK. I was afraid that might be
the decision, and I therefore endeavored to get the
floor before, and thought I had it and held it; but
it seems there was a misunderstanding between the
