ISO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. ?0,
Chair arid myself about it. I thought—and such
■w as the understanding of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClsr.vand]—that I yielded to him !
merely lor the purpose of enabling lum to make
an explanation.
The Sl'EAKER. The Chair will state to the
£«ntlt'iimi from Ohio that that does not at all affect
the question, so far as the acceptance of the amend-
ment is concerned. The decision of the Chair is,
that when a member introduces a bill by unani-
mous consent he cannot afterwards alter or modify
that bill, unless by the unanimous consent of the
House. It must be the act of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, I can accomplish all
1 desire by voting for the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. McOlernaxd,] tind I
propose, very briefly, to explain why I shall do
so. I was not altogether unprepared for its com-
in . [Laughter.]
It will be recollected, that at the last session of
the present Congress a bill was introduced, and
carried with some haste, (for it seemed to be the
opinion of a majority of the House that the subject
had been sufficiently considered not to require any
delay,) granting precisely similar privileges to a
railroad or series of railroads extending north and
south, from Chicago to Mobile, in the State of
Alabama, and running through the entire length
of the State of Illinois. The amendment now pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, is in the
shape of a bill which provides similar advantages,
privileges, and grants for a railroad or connection
of" rail roads to run east and west, intersecting that
great line provided for in the act of last session.
If that was right, it seems to me that this is equally
so.
I admit that for one I did not vote for that bill
last session, because it was but the beginning of
grants of this sort in part, and still more because
there was an evident hostility manifested by the
House—and in quarters, too, from which I did
not expect opposition of that sort—*o any amend-
ment, or the introduction of any proposition pro-
riding for a railroad as a general thoroughfare east
and west; though I believed then, as now, that if
the relative claims of these two routes and direc-
tions were to be fairly considered, there is much
more propriety in making provision by law to se-
cure the construction of a road over these great
table lands east and west, than for a road running
north and south. The difference I apprehend to
be this: In making your roads north and south, you
run tliem parallel with the courses of the streams
of the Mississippi and its tributaries; you establish
an artificial thoroughfare alongside of, and as it
were, in opposition to those already given you by
nature, and to some extent made unnecessary by
those navigable rivers. If you find a warrant for
doing that, how much more propriety is there in
providing for roads over the great middle land
which separates those rivers from the lakes upon
either side, for a road which shall connect the dif-
ferent States which lie across that table land. Let
any gentleman look at the geography of the coun-
try, which is to be considered in order to a perfect
understanding of a public work, or a series of pub-
lic works like those proposed in the bill now under
consideration, and he will at once appreciate the
force of this argument. I may remark that the
State of Ohio is but in a very small degree in-
cluded in this scheme. Beginning at some point
Just within the limits of the State, between the cities
of Cincinnati and Sandusky, it is proposed that
the road shall extend westward across the States
of Indiana and Illinois till it reaches the Missis-
sippi opposite to, or near the city of St. Louis.
Construct this road or series of roads on that line,
and you connect all that lies in Ohio and east of
Ohio, with all that lies west of that State, travers-
ing the country in the course of trade and travel
through that great table land to which I have been
jre'ernn sr.
Sir, it is most important that such roads should
be made, and when made, they will afford the
largest accommodation and the greatest advan-
tages to the people not only of the several States
through which the roads are immediately to pass,
but also to the people lying further west or to the
east. And, sir, if the Representatives of the States
of Pennsylvania and Maryland and Delaware—
but I speak especially of those from Pennsylvania
and Maryland—were willing at the* last session of
Congress to appropriate public lands for the con-
struction of a rnijiomd froiT) Chicago southward to
' Mobile, it seems to me that they should certainly !
be willing to help by like assistance this great na- !
tionul thoroughfare—a thoroughfare in which the
States from which they come are interested. And
I appeal now to the gentleman from Delaware,
and to the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and
. Maryland, as well as to all the members from my
owu State, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, and all that
western region, if there is to be a distribution of
all these public lands, not by their proceeds, but
by direct grants, for the purpose of constructing
works of this sort, to consider this at least as one
entitled to their selection and most favorable con-
sideration.
By that legislation of last session provision has
already been made for a great line running from
one extremity of the Union to the other—north
and south, as I said, from Chicago to Mobile.
By this bill it is proposed to intersect that at right
angles by another to run east and west; and
thus by great cross bands to tie as it were every
one of the four principal sections of the Union
together. If gentlemen are favorable, as we all
should be, to everything which contemplates a
strengthening of the Union—favorable to uniting
together in closer bonds and bringing into nearer
relations all the different sections of this noble
country—here is an opportunity for them to show
that disposition. Having already provided one
great iron band to bind the North and South
together, let us have another intersecting it to
tie the East and West together in the same man-
ner.
And here, sir,let me remark, that it will not do
for gentlemen to object to these works, on the
ground that they are local in their character. In
one sense every public work is local. Every road,
every canal, everything intended to accommodate
the trade and travel of the country, must be situ-
ated sometekere, and if so it must be local. But as
I understand the objection to a work because of
its being local, it can only be properly made when
the benefits to result from the work, whether ft be
small or extensive in itself, are confined within
narrow limits, affecting, for instance, the interests
only of a single State or a single community, and
when it is not calculated to diffuse its advantages
so as to promote the interests of the people of a
large portion of the Union. No such objection
can be taken to this work or class of works, which
we would aid by this bill. Of all the works that ,
can possibly be proposed, such * thoroughfare
' across the northwestern States is least of all, as I
it seems to me, liable to the objection of being
|, local in its character.
|i But, Mr. Speaker, I have no wish now to de-
" tain the House by arguing at length on the doc-
: trine of internal improvements generally, nor need
I enlarge, I think, on the propriety of aiding any
improvement of this particular character. When
an attempt was made at the last session of Con-
fress to confine the privileges and benefits of a
ill of the sort now before us to a particular road,
. excluding others of equal merit, I was not disposed
■ to give my support to it. I would then have sup-
ported that bill if it had been connected with some-
thing of the sort now proposed. I would then
have supported it if I had seen a disposition man-
ifested by gentlemen representing the States lying
east of mine, and particularly by the members of
the State of Pennsylvania here, to take care of the
interests of the East and West in connection with
. each other at the same time that they were, I do
not know on what account, so exceedingly obli-
ging in their attentions to the people far west and
south of us.
Mr. HAMPTON, here interposing, said that
for his part he had opposed that measure last ses-
sion for the very reason stated by the gentleman
from Ohio—because no appropriation, or no pro-
vision, was made for a railroad running east and
' west.
1 Mr. SCHENCK. I entirely acquit my honor-
able friend [Mr. Hampton] who has just inter-
rupted me. It is not my purpose to tread unne-
cessarily upon anybody's toes, and perhaps I am
not heavy enough to hurt any one if I did. I had
not any particular gentleman from Pennsylvania
in my eye at the time I made the remark; but I
remembered the course of some of them, and re-
membered that I then thought it extraordinary.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (interpos-
ing.) I merely wish to say that I do not know
what the gentleman from Ohio raters to,
Mr. SCHENCK. I '11 tell you in a moment, if
you will be quiet.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, who was
very imperfectly heard at the Reporters' desk, was
understood to say that he had voted for that meas-
ure. Some of his colleagues, he believed, voted
for all these western measures, to give away all
the wet lands to States, and all the dry lands to
corporations; and slave laws to the South, in order
to get a tariff, and they got it—didn't they?
[Laughter.] He hoped the gentleman was satis-
fied. He (Mr. S.) had himself voted for that
north and south road alone, because he wnnted it
as one of the peace measures to quiet agitation!
Mr. SCHENCK. I was very sure that noth-
ing that that gentleman from Pennsylvania had
done had been done with any other view than to
allay agitation. [Laughter.] We all know how
habitually he was opposed to any excitement, and
I could not have attributed any other object than
one of peace to him. I hope, therefore, he will
not suspect that I have the slightest hinting in that
direction. But now I will say, "let by-gones be
by-gones," only looking back at proceedings so
recent as those of the last session of this Congress,
I could not help thinking that there did seem to
be in certain quarters nt that time, a singular dis-
position to accomodate the interests of other sec-
tions of the country, while they seemed, if not di-
rectly hostile to, at least not disposed to foster or
encourage, any efforts to extend like advantages to
their own people. I thought may be it might
have occurred to them then^ that the Representa-
tives from those other sections might be won to
give some votes on a tariff question. I remember
we had some such impression at the time, as ac-
counting for the discrimination. But perhaps it
was a mistake. Let that pass now. I would but
call the attention of those members at present to
the fact, that nothing has been done by Govern-
ment to improve the means of intercommunication
by railroads along thosegreat table lands between
the lakes and the Ohio river; and the fact cannot
be denied that the people whose representatives
they are, are quite as much interested in the con-
struction of such works as those whom J stand
here to represent. If I was mistaken in supposing
that many of these gentlemen were last session
hostile to anything like that which is now pro-
posed, I trust they will all move together iir order
to do a work now which comes home so immedi-
ately to them, and to their interests, and to those
of tneir constituents.
Mr. Speaker, I was alluding, when interrupted
just now, to the legislation of last session, and I
may say this much further about it: the act by
which provision was made for the great line of
railroad north and south, settled the determination
and policy of this House and of this Congress on
the subject in question. That bill passed the
House and the Senate, and is now the law of the
land. It makes an appropriation of the public
lands precisely in the manner proposed by this bill
and for a similar purpose. Ana having settled
that this is one of the uses to be made of these
lands—and I apprehend that it is quite as wise
and judicious, and quite as much calculated to
promote the interests of all sections of the coun-
try, and of all the people throughout the whole
land, as your bounty land bills, about which you
have been wrangling again to-day—nothing can
appeal for a further appropriation of this kind
with more propriety and justice, or with stronger
claim, than the public improvements contemplated
in the bill now pending before us. Believing this,
and believing, on consideration, that I prefer the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClernand] to the bill as offered by
myself, I shall, as I said, vote for that amendment.
Mr.'MARSHALL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] if he will 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Kentucky ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I should like to be verysure
before I yield it as to the exact position in which
matters now stand. Do I understand that a mo-
tion has been made to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That motion has been made
by the gentleman's colleague, [Mr. Sweetier.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment of the gen-
, tleman from Illinois is, however, pending, is it
not ?
