184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 30,
ant importations, the fruit of temporary circum-
stances; and he shows further that these temporary
circumstances must soon cease, and with that ces-
sation must come a diminution of imixirts, and a
consequent decline of duties. In all this I concur
with the Secretary, and so fully that I adopt his
own words in the part of his report which relates
to this point, and make them my own. The Sec-
retary says:
" We cannot overlook the fact, i u our estimates of future
revenue, that the last three or tour years have been excep-
tional one#; that we are indebted for our Uinje revenues m
part to the hunine, the revolutions, and the broken down
markets of Europe. The ease with which the low duties
under the act of 1SM6 may be reduced still lower by success-
ful frauds and undervaluations, combined with the causes
just stated, have induced a large excess of importation.
But the market* of Europe are recovering their tone; the
effects of the famine are passing away; our country is filled,
it is believed,to excess Willi toreign goods; and it would
be contary to all reasonable expectation to look for a con-
tinuance of these large importations."
A continuance of this large income—forty-five
millions from the custom-houses—is (hen not to
be expected. Inadequate as it now is by five
millions to meet the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment and the mere interest of the public debt,
it is soon to be more so, how much no one can
now tell, but enough, beyond doubt, to increase
largely the deficit which now exists. This deplor-
able result is faced by the Secretary. He faces
the deficit, and shows it to us; but I do not think
he faces the remedy, and shows us that. He looks
to the customs, and expects to make their income
adequate by "an alteration of the laws which would
increase the duties and diminish the frauds result-
ing from the universal ad valorem system adopted
in 1846. I agree with the Secretary in one part,
and disagree with him in two parts of this recom-
mendation, and, to do him justice, will give him
the benefit of his own words. He says:
'■ This Mate of things imposes upon Congress the duty of
determining whether the laws now existing, with thr rates
of duties imposed by them on foreign merchandise, will
produce the amount necessary to defray the annual ordinary
expenditures of the Government, and meet punctually the
interest on the public debt. The ability of the country to
discbarge every obligation upon it, if aided by wise and
timely legislation, is unquestionable. If ample provision
■hall be made for the prompt discharge of annually accruing
liabilities, the public faith, as it has teen hitherto, will be
maintained, and the public credit continued on such a basis
as to insure an advantageous and speedy extinguishment of
the public debt.
"The provisions of the act of July, 1846, have been
found insufficient for the prevention of frauds and under-
valuations. The extent to which they have been carried,
and the degree in which they have been rendered systematic
and complete, have been highly detrimental to the revenue. !
The Department has long given the subject of these frauds
its most earnest attention, and exhausted all its authority tor
their prevention and detection, but they are still of t<uch
magnitude and so demoralizing in their effects as to demand ,
the immediate interposition of Congress."
And he recommends:
" I. A chanc in the present ad valorem system, which '
should impose specific duties upon all articles to which such
duties may be safely applied, with home valuations upon
all such as are necessarily subject to ad valorem rates.
" II. If the principle of specific duties shall not lie adopt-
ed, that the home valuation, instead of the foreign, should
then be applied to all imports subject to ad valorem duties.
"III. If neither of the foregoing changes shall be thought
proper, then it is deemed highly necessary that the present
rates of duties should be increased on a great variety of ar-
ticles which it will be found could bear such increase with
the most salutary effects upon I Kith trade and revenue."
I concur with the Secretary in his premises, in
Mo, and with a part of his recommendations. I
concur with bim in his opinion that importations
will diminish, carrying with it a diminution of rev-
enue from customs; that the ad valorem system is
the parent of frauds, and ought to be abandoned,
and recourse again had to specific duties in all
cases in which they are applicable. On this latter
point I have nothing to confess as gained from ex-
perience. I needed no experience to inform me
that universal ad valorems were the most unequal
of duties, and the most fruitful of frauds. I knew
that always, and said it always. I condemned
them in that alJortion of the day, the so-called
" compromise" of 1832-'3, when this absurd dog-
ma was first introduced into our statute book and
brought down all duties to one uniform—on pa-
per—low rate of twenty per centum on the value
of all importations. I condemned that when it
was enacted, and the voice of the country con-
demned it before it took effect. That " compro-
mise," though lauded to the skies when passed,
and held to l>e sacred, inviolable, immutable, and
eternal, di«d of itself before it got to the beautiful
universal ad valorem. It went from the cradle to
.the tomb of the Qapulets, spite of all high lauda-
tion. I condemned the same dogma when it was
introduced in the tariff of 1846; and now, after a 1
brief experiment of four years, experience con-
demns it. I voted for that act; but only to get rid
of the act of 1843, and with the declared belief
that experience wcnild soon produce a condemna-
tion of the universal ad valorem dogma, and force i
a return to the old system: and such is now about ,
the fact. I concur with the Secretary, then, in .
his recommendation, repeated from that of his pre- I
decessor, (Mr. Meredith,) in proposing to return :
to specific dtlties in all cases in which they are j
applicable; and, while thus concurring with the ]
Secretary in much of his report, I have to differ
from him in this, that he does not propose any
scheme for saving to the Government any benefit
from the public lands. As things now stand the
Government is thrown out of market for sixteen
years to come. During all that time the assignees
, of military bounty land warrants will occupy the
market; and, selling at about eighty cents per acre,
the United States can sell none at $1 25, and thus
will be at the expense of keeping up the land sys-
tem for the benefit of private sellers—her own
competitors, who received the land as a gift from
| her, undersell her, and drive her out of market.
Thus is the condition of our public lands, as a
branch of revenue, expunged, and become a source
of expense instead of profit; and these evils to con-
tinue, and to become worse, unless there is some
radical change in the mode of selling the public
lands.
My object is to make that change; and thelead-
ing idea of the change must be the acceleration of the
sales of the lands, or rather the revival of the sales,
for they are now dead ! and must remain so until
reanimated by law. Acceleration, or revival, can
only result from reduced prices—from sucha reduc-
tion as will bring them into competition with the
eighty millions of acres of military bounty land now
flooding the market. The present ordinary price of
those lands is 80 cents to the acre, with the cer-
tainty of further large reductions as the quantify
of warrants prepared for market can get into cir-
1 culation, and the picking and culling of the lands
shall leave a residuum less and less valuable, for
their satisfaction. In all probability they will be
at 20 or 30 cents to the acre before the eighty mil-
lions are exhausted. Congress, in making a few
small grants for objects of internal improvement
in the new States have been very careful to pro-
1 vide against their being sold below the Congress
I price, so as to prevent them from getting any ad-
i vantage in the market: but wliefi it came to wnole-
' sale work—when it came to giving away a whole
' broadside of the country at once—when ihe super-
1 ficial content of three such States as Ohio, and
1 four such as Massachusetts to boot, (for the whole
j quantity granted for military services is of that
! 1 enormous extent,) were granted at two strokes of
the pen to the old soldiers," and their assigns," then
no care was ^necessary—no precaution taken to
prevent the warrants from being sold at less than
$1 25 per acre: and now the consequence is that
they are already selling at forty-five cents in the acre
below that price, and that the United States, as a
land-seller, is now entirely driven out of her own
market, and is keeping up a machinery of land of-
j fices, at an expense of $700,000 per annum, for
the benefit of those who expel her from the mar-
ket.
The bill which I ask leave to introduce proposes
to revive, and accelerate the sale of the public
lands by offering them at successive periodical re-
ductions of price. The reductions only apply to
the lands which have been offered at private sale
at $1 25 per acre; and, beginning at one dollar per
acre for such lands after the 30th day of June,
I 1851, descend by a periodical reduction of 25
cents every two years until they fall to 25 cents
per acre; after which the lands remaining unsold
two years are to be ceded to the States in which
they lie. This is the provision for the general
purchaser, but there is a further provision for the
actual settlers. For this meritorious class there is
a further, and a double provision, calculated to
benefit them while promoting the leading idesf of
accelerated sales. The provision is a combination
of the donation and of the preemption principle;
and assures to every settler on public lands, sub-
ject to private entry, a donation of forty acres, to |
include his settlement, and a preemption right in
one hundred and twenty acres adjacent, ana that i
'i always at 25 cents in the acre less than the same I
I land is offered to the general purchaser. Thus,
lands which shall have been offered at private sale,
and remain unsold oil the 30th day of June, 1851,
shall thereafter be offered to the general purchaser
at J1 per acre, but to the actual settler at 75 cents
{>er acre, with a donation of forty acres to include
lis settlement, and a right of preemption in one
hundred and twehty acres at 75 cents; so as to
make his whole quantity one hundred and sixty
acres. And so on through each successive bien-
nial reduction until the land falls to 25 cents per
j acre, when the actual settler gets his whole one
hundred and sixty acres virtually as a donation,
paying but five cents per acre for the one hundred
and twenty acres, and receiving the forty acres as
a gift.
This is the plan of the bill; and I believe, if
passed into law, it will have the effect desired—
that of reviving and accelerating the public land
sales, and making them available among the ways
and means for the payment of the new public, debt.
The reduced prices will bring them into competi-
tion with the bounty warrants, and the double
I system of reduction which is proposed—a larger
reduction always in favor of the actual settler—
, will make a competition between the general pur-
chaser and the settler which will insure a sale of
every tract as soon as it falls to its real value. The
actual settler is kept ahead of the general pur-
i chaser; so of the adjacent landholder. They nave
a preemptive advantage which will keep them
ahead, and prevent speculating monopolies.
The first object of the bill is to nay the public
debt: the second, to extinguish the Federal title to
the lands within the new Suites. This second ob-
j ject is itself a great one, and consistent with the
| first, and accomplished by the same means. Ac-
" celerated sales, while rapidly putting money into
: the Federal Treasury, will be as rapidly extin-
guishing the Federal Government as a landholder
' in the new States : and, to complete the good
! work, all the lands remaining unsold at the end
j of the operation of the bill, are to be ceded to
t the States in which they lie for public purposes;
i1 and where the lands in any State have Deen sold
j | down to a refuse of three millions of acres or less
r in any State, the same shall be ceded to the State.
This would relieve some States, as Ohio and In-
diana, at once; and others in a few years; while
, the other clauses of the bill would release all the
II States from Federal ownership of lands within
! i their limits within the period allotted for the com-
plete operation of the oill—that is to say, within
nine years! so that the commencement of the year
1860 should see every new State released from the
presence and dominion of a Federal landlord, and
elevated to an equality with the old States in the
great essential requisites of State sovereignty—
that of having all the lands within its limits sub-
ject to State jurisdiction, and available for all the
purposes of settlement, improvement, and taxa-
tion.
I have put forward revenue, and that under the
usual idea of getting it by selling land, as the lead-
ing object of my bill. Revived and accelerated
sales of public land to bring money into the Treas-
ury, is the leading and prominent idea. But the
sale of land is not the only mode of producing
revenue from public land which the bill contem-
plates; nor is it with me the favorite, or even the
wise way of deriving revenue from the public do-
main. On that point I am a convert, and have
been for a quarter of a century, to the policy of
the British statesman Edmund Burke, as declared
in his speech in the House of Commons on the
subject of disposing of the Crown lands. He
cared little for sales—little for the amount of mo-
ney which the lands would bring at market, and
even deprecated high prices, and objected to screw-
ing up bidders to large sums by the force of com-
petition. He preferred (and he said it was a case
in which the profit of the Treasury and the relief
of the subject went together) that the money
i should be saved to improve the land rather than
laid out in its purchase; and from that improve-
ment and cultivation, he said, came the really ben-
eficial and desirable revenue—that which came
through the course of circulation, and through the
political secretions of the State. This is what he
said:
" Be the price what it may, a great object is always an-
swered whenever any property is transferred from hands
which are not fit for that property to those that are. The
' buyer and the seller must mutually profit by such a bargain,
