1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
on motion by Mr. SOULE, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Dtctmbtr 31, 1850.
The House met at twelve o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday was rend and approved.
CLAIMS OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. PEASLEE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, entitled "An act for the settlement and
payment of the claims of the State of New Hamp-
shire for the services of her Militia, and for dis-
bursements for military purposes during the late
war with Great Britain; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred t6, the ■
Committee on Military Affairs.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. ROBINSON asked the unanimous consent
to make a report from the select committee ap-
pointed to inquire into the difficulties, if any, in
the way of the prompt execution of the bounty
land law of September, 1850.
Objection was made by Mr. Duer, and the re-
port was not receive^.
Mr. DISNEY took the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. I call for the orders of the
day. We may get at it in that way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disvet] has the floor; but if the gentleman
calls for the orders of the day, that is a privileged
question.
" ENGRAVING OF MAPS.
Mr. HAMMOND. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to make the following report
from the Committee on Engraving. The report
. was read, as follows:
The Committee on Engraving respectfully report, that in .
their judgment the Jthirty-six views of scenes in Oregon,
and a number of plans of buildings for the Naval School at
Annapolis, should not he engraved. The Committee rec-
ommend the adaption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be author-
ized to contract for engraving the following plan and maps,
to wit:
The maps accompanying the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office : Provided, The cost shall not
excecd five hundred dollars.
One map of the route of General Patterson from Mata-
moros to Victoria and Tampico: Provided, The cost shall
not exeeed one hundred and titty dollars.
One plan of the grounds of the Naval School at Annapo-
lis : Provided, The cost shall not exceed one hundred and
fifty dollars.
Two maps accompanying the report of the Secretary of
War: Promitd, The cost shall not exceed three hundred
and fifty dollars.
Twenty-seven maps accompanying the report of the Su-
perintendent of the Coast Survey: Provided, The cost of
the same does not efceed forty and a half cents per set.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the !
resolution; and it was adopted.
BINDING.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Retained, That the President's message and accompany- .
ing documents be printed, and bound in two parts. The
President's message, and all the accompanying papers, ex- !
cept the report of the Secretary of War and the papers
from that Department, shall compose part one; and the
report of the Secretary of War and accompanying papers,
shall compose part two.
The resolution having been"read,
Mr. F. said, the committee urge that the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents be
bound in two volumes, as it was their opinion that
if the message and documents were bound together ,
it would make too cumbersome a volume. !
Mr. DUER. How many pages are there in the
two volumes?
Mr. FULLER. About one thousand.
Mr. STRONG. I move to amend the resolu-
tion, by striking out that part of it which provides
for the binding of these documents in two volumes, j
I think those who consider the number of pages
will be satisfied that it will make a far better sized ;
volume bound in one than if bound in two volumes. [
In addition to that, there are other considerations.
If they are bound in two volumes, it will be pro-
ductive of very considerable delay; and as this
session is a short one, it is important that the doc-
ument# be laid before us at the earliest moment.
Another objection which ought not to be lost sight
of, although a minor one, I admit, is that it will
increase to some extent the expense. I hope,
therefore, that my amendment will prevail, and
that the House will order these extra copies to be '
bound in one volume.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of,;
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, "What is his 1
motion?
Mr. STRONG. It is to strike out-the words
providing for the binding of the documents in two
volumes.
The SPEAKER. The whole object of the reso-
lution is to cause the documents to be bound in
two volumes. That is all the resolution contem-
plates.
Mr. STRONG. Then I move to lay the reso- '
lution on the table. ,
Mr. YULLER. It is not unknown to the mem-
bers of this House that the Senate ordered copies
of the message and accompanying documents to j
be bound in two volumes. They were bound in
three volumes last year. I do not think there
would be any more delay if these documents were
bound in two volumes than if bound in one.
There is another view of the matter which may
hare some influence upon the members of this
House, and that is, that in the distribution of the 1
documents, there will be a greater number of
copies, and therefore they can be divided among j
a larger number of persons.
Mr. JONES. I move to strike out all of the
resolution after the word " Resolved," and insert:
" That the President's message and accompanying
documents for the present session be bound in one
volume." The whole of the-documents will only
make nine hundred and thirty-one pages, and will
be at least one third shorter than the Journal of
this House forthe last session. It will not be larger
than either one of the three parts of the Presidsnt's 1
message and accompanying documents of the last ,
session.
Mr. FULLER interposed, but was inaudible at
the Reporters' desk.
Mr. JONES, (iiK continuation.) I understand
that the Senate have Ordered the message and ac-
companying documents to be bound in two parts, ,
and that they have been so printed and so paged, j
One of them has been laid on our table. The two j
parts put together would make a very convenient !
volume that can be transmitted through the mail i;
as conveniently as if they were bound in two. ,
And then, sir, you will be enabled to transmit the
documents entire to the same persons; but if we | j
divide it up, there will be the additional expense j
of binding; and then in sending one part through |
the country, you will have to keep a list, in order ,
that you may send the second to the same persons
—for, if you do not send it to the same persons,
you will then 
Mr. FULLER, (interposing.) Will the gentle- |
man alter, his amendment so as to have the first j
and second parts bound in one volume; or other- j
wise we shall not have the whole of the Presi- ]
dent's message and accompanying documents till
after the session has closed. •
Mr. JONES, (in continuation.) I wish them
all to be bound in one volume. I hold in my hand
the first part, and it is a very small volume for a
volume of the executive documents. i
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, (interposing.) I '
merely wish to inquire of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Fuller] whether there are any large
engravings that will increase the size of thevolume? |
Mr. FULLER. I understand that there are
several.
Mr. JONES.- I have in my hand the Journal .
for the last session, which contains nine hundred I
and forty-six pages. The President's message ,
and accompanying documents, as I understand
it, will make nine hundred and thirty-one pages, ;
and the volume will not be as large as this, and i
which is certainly not too large, not larger than an
ordinary sized law-book—a very convenient size
for transmission through the mail. The Senate
Journal for the last session contains some fourteen |
pages more than the President's message and ac-%jl
companying documents will make if bound up to- :
gether. If we lay this resolution on the table now,
and do not act upon it, these documents will be j|
bound in two volumes. I hope, therefore, that !
my amendment will prevail. j j
Mr. WENT WORTH. I wish to reply to the !;
suggestion of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Fuller,] that the binding of these documents
separately will double the number of documents
for distribution. Now, I have got myself into
considerable trouble arising from this plan of bind-
ing in three volumes. I sent one of each to three
different persons. Every one who received the
first volume wanted the second and third, and
asked me to send them to him; and those who re-
ceived the second or third, reminded me that I had
neglected to send them the previous volumes. I,
for one, would prefer that they be bound toother,
for it saves expense and trouble in the distribution
of them.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Indiana objected to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, on the ground that the
maps might swell the size of the volume very
considerably. Now, sir, I wish to say that the
number of engravings will not increase the size of
the volume to any considerable extent.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, (interposing.) I
desire to set my friend from Massachusetts [Mi*.
Fowler] right. I did not object. I merely made
the inquiry, because if his statement is correct,
)and I have no doubt it is,) I am then in favor of
binding it in one volume.
Mr. FOWLER. Very well. I shall merely
add, that I hope the motion now under considera-
tion will prevail, as it would be far more con-
venient for the members of this House and the
public who receive these volumes, that they
should be bound in one volume. And I can as-
sure the members of this House that these engrav-
ings are not so numerous as to encumber the vol-
ume. I trust, therefore, this Houee will see the
propriety of adopting this resolution.
Mr. POTTER moved the previous question,
with a view to the consideration of other business.
Mi*. FULLER. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] to
state one fact. If the two volumes be bound in
one, I understand from the public printer that
there are forty engravings to go into the second
volume, and that these engravings will not be
ready for three months; ana tltnt the binding of
the second part will consequently be delayed till
that time. Again: I understand from him, that
when these engravings shall be bound up with
the second part, the volumes will be very unwieldy
in size.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman give way
for a moment? I merely wish to say, that the
gentleman is wrong—the engravings being already
completed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of or-
der.
Mr. WHITE. I desire to offer an amendment
before the previous question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is now in
order, pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question then received a second;
and
The main question .was ordered; which main
question was, first, on agreeing to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] to strikeoutof the original resolution after
the word "Resolved," and insert in lieu thereof,
as follows:
" That the President's message and accompanying docu-
ments for the present session be bound in one volume."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurring on agreeing to the
amendment as amended, it was taken, and carried
in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay that
motion on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. POTTER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the-Union on
the special order.
On which question tellers were called for and
ordered. Messrs. Potter and Breck were ap-
pointed; and the question having been taken, the
result was—ayes 73, noes 46.
Mr. ROBINSON called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of .the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Strong in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
in order was the bill to reduce and modify the rates
of postage, and that the amendment immediately
