1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
mor* instructive, in politics, science, and com-
merce, than most village papers are likely to be-
come. Besides this, sir, the associations and cir-
cumstances of a city are the nurseries of practical
thought; science, the arts, and social life have their
most rapid development there. I need not be told
that there is a vast improvement in the character of
the village newspapers. I know it—1 feel it, and re-
joice at it. I respect and honor the conductors of
the country press; but I believe they will do better
for themselves and for others in a fair field with no
favor. Let, then, every facility be given to the
newspaper press of both city and country. Send
out the winged thought with every advantage that
can be given to its flight: occasional impurities
may accompany it, but the air of heaven will
purify all.  
Mr. CARTTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to say, that it is the wish of those to whom he
refers to give to the city papers the same advan-
tages of postage as the country papers may have,
viz., to circulate throughout the county in which
they are published free of charge.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is no equality of
privilege. The honorable gentleman, perhaps, rep- ,
resents a county of many miles in extent, where
such mail facilities would be of great advantage to
the local publisher. But the large cities occupy
nearly all the counties in which they are, and
there is no suburban population to be served with
papers by mail. The newspapers there are dis-
tributed for miles by carriers. Let the distance be
fixed at forty, fifty, or sixty miles, without regard
to county limits, and the privilege would be equal.
I take it for granted, that letter postage is to re-
cede, if not to two cents, at highest to three cents on
prepaid letters; and whether a difference should be
made in the price of letters not paid there seems to
be a growing doubt. I feel, therefore, more solicit-
ous about printed matter, and 1 desire to express
a hope that magazines will also feel the good effects
of the bill now before us. Is not half a cent pre-
paid sufficient postage for publications of that kind r
1 am the more anxious to consider the magazines
now, because such a consideration is in perfect ac-
cordance with the spirit of the law which gave to
newspapers an advantage by weight over letters,
with a view of disseminating sound sentiment. The
magazines of the country are so vastly improved
that almost all of them are instructive, and the in-
crease of business, political discussions, commer-
cial news, and advertisements, has so much occu-
pied the newspaper press that we must look to
the magazines for much of the literary, scientific,
and moral matters which formerly reached us
through the columns of the newswapers. I shall,
sir, at a convenient opportunity, offer an Amend-
ment reducing the postage on magazines, and es-
pecially allowing of fifty per cent, deduction upon
any prepaid postage on them; also that magazines
in exchange with newspapers be free of postage.
This provision will invite back to the mails the
many thousands of magazines which are now sent
from city to village through the country in pack-
ages as merchandise, and thus without essential
increase of expense will greatly augment the in-
come of the Post Office Department.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Mr. Chairman, sev-
eral gentlemen have endeavored to introduce prop-
ositions here, which they thought would be favor-
able to the press. I have looked at this matter
with some attention nfyself, and have endeavored
to draw up a general proposition, that will be ser-
viceable to the press, and at the same time prove
advantageous to the General Government.
Those persons whose attention has been directed
to the working of the system which existed a few
years ago, of carrying newspapers free within
thirty miles of the place where published, will re-
member, doubtless, one disadvantage growing out
of that system, and it was a disadvantage to post-
masters as well as editors. It was a disadvantage
to postmasters, because they did not get a full
consideration for their services.
I believe there should be a nominal sum on the
rate of postage upon newspapers delivered in the
county in which they are published. I believe
that editors who understood their true interests
would also advocate a nominal sum—one that will
make every postmaster interested in the circula-
tion of these papers.
There is another advantage in the proposi-
tion which I intend to submit—it is this: that
those who have the advantage of the cheap postage
system shall pay to the postmaster their postage
in "advance. There is no way in which postmas- i j
ters lose so much as in the collection of newspaper.j i
postage. The postage runs along nearly a whole ''
veai- perhaps—the postmaster thinks he will col-
lect it—the man who takes a newspaper means to
pay it some time—but it.is never paid. I believe it
would be of very great advantage to the General
Government to encourage people to take newspa-
pers. I believe, also, that it would be for the ad-
vantage of the Government, and for the advantage
of editors, that newspaper postage should be paid
in advance.
Hence I intend to offer a provision that when- '
ever any person who shall exhibit to the postmas- •
ter satisfactory evidence that he has paid a year's
subscription to any newspaper in advance, he
shall be entitled to the advantages of the cheap
postage system. I want to encourage men to take
newspapers by the year, and I want them to pay
in advance their yearly postage. I do assure gen-
tlemen of this House, that if they want to do any-
thing to encourage the newspapers in their own
district—if they wish to encourage country editors
as well as city editors, they cannot do better than
to adopt the proposition I now present. I venture ,
to assert, that any one who will assist in the ;
adoption of this proposition, which will encour- .
age the taking of newspapers by the year, and i
paying for them in advance, as well as paying for :
the postage in advance, will receive the thanks of
every editor and every postmaster in his district,
without distinction of party.
I ask that the amendment be read; and I ask (
those gentlemen who are favorable to the press, at
the same time that they are in favor of doing jus-
tice to the General Post Office Department, to listen
to that "proposition.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
" Whenever an? person,shall exhibit to any postmaster
satisfactory evidence that he has paid one year's subscrip-
tion to any newspaper of less dimension than 1,900 square
inches, he shall be entitled, if paid before his receipt of the
first number, to receive such paper at the rate of fifty cents |
per annum for each paper per week, when printed without
his State: of twenty-five cents when printed within his
State; and of tea cents when printed within his own
county; and this provision is extended to newspapers of
greater dimension than 1,900 square Inches, and to all peri-
odicals, except that the postage to be paid upon each one of ,
them shall be one half cent per ounce for all distances. |
j Provided, That postmasters shall be entitled to ser.d money
I free of postage to publishers of newspapers, and also that 1
j publishers shall receive their exchange papers and periodi-
cals free of postage."
' The amendment having been read,
Mr. WENT WORTH continued. While this !
amendment favors the publisher, it will secure i
I the postmaster from any loss on newspapers, and ,
! will certainly be it great advantage to the General j
1 Government. It provides that a man who takes j
his newspaper by the year, and pays his postage
in advance, shall be entitled to all the advantages 1
of the reduction of postage which he cannot have
unless this is done. The sum required to be paid
on a newspaper for a year, is so small that it can
easily be paid by every one in advance.
There is another thing to which I wish to call
the attention of the committee. There was an act
passed some years since in relation to transient
newspapers, which, I am sorry to say, has been 1
repealed, which required every man to pay two :
cents in advance on all transient newspapers sent
through the mail. I believe we should tax these
transient newspapers very highly. A man may
just as well write a letter as to send a newspaper,
when the only object of sending the newspaper is
to inform his friends where he is. Nothing is
more common than for a man coming from the
eastern States on landing from a steamboat in one
of our western cities, to go to a newspaper office,
purchase a paper, and Send it to his friends at
the East, to let them know that he has arrived
there.
I am for encouraging the people tn take regular
newspapers. I am in favor of paying for thoSe
papers in advance, and for paying the postage on
them in advance. I am also in favor of reducing
the postage on such newspapers to a merely nom-
inal amount, and that no person shall be allowed
the advantage of this reduction unless he shall
pay his postage in advance.
I have offered these remarks for the considera-
tion of the committee, and I trust they •will re-
ceive the attention they deserve.
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] by
striking out "five" and inserting "two" cents a
letter.
Mr. F. said: Mr. Chairman, as to the rates of
postage on newspapers and pamphlets, and other
printed matter, I am willing to adopt those rates
which shall encourage the diffusion of information
and knowledge, and be just and equal in their ap-
Elication to all classes and all places, provided they
e the lowest practicable rates. But the details
of this part of the bill I leave to other gentlemen.
I propose in the few moments I shall occupy the
House, to speak only to the amendment I have
just offered. I will not exceed thirty minutes.
Mr. Chairman, I am surprised at the opposition
which the bill to reduce the postage, reported by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
has called forth, and especially to learn that
the honorable gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Morse,] and the honorable gentleman from Mis
souri, [Mr. Green,] and the honorable chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Thompson,]
and other honorable members, are opposed to any
reduction below five cents to a letter.
The passage of this amendment I consider a
most important measure: I had almost said the
fnost important measure now before this House
and this country. The passage of this measure,
I am sure, will cause joy and rejoicing in many a
heart; and, as I judge, while it will give joy to the
nation as individuals, it will advance the public,
good.
I will give you my reasons, Mr. Chairman, for
proposing ana urging this measure, very briefly.
1st. It is the measure that the people ask Con-
gress to adopt; and they ask it with singular
unanimity. The petitions on your table are nu-
, merous; they reaoi hundreds of thousands of our
fellow-citizens; they are composed of farmers, me-
chanics, manufacturers, merchants; they comprise
the poor and the rich, the unlearned and the
learned, the native-born and the immigrant, the
" people of every trade, occupation, and condition,
. and they all ask, with united voice, for two cents.
: Not a single petition nor a single petitioner asks
: for three cents or five cents. Ml, all, ask for two
! cents a letter. Let their prayer be granted. Their
well-being and the true glory of the Republic will
be advanced by giving them bread, the bread of
knowledge, and not a stone.
3d. Again: I urge this measure as founded upon
j true policy. It will bring all mail matter into the
I mail, and thus do away with private mails and
!' special expresses for mail matter, and increase the
* income of the Department. * From this source
alone, not less, probably, than $500,000 will be
i made available for postal purposes. If you would
supplant private mails, you must underbid them.
i With your Government facilities you can do it.
I Make the Post Office the cheapest vehicle for
transmitting mail ,matter, and you will make it the
j most popular; and thus, by reducing the postage,
you will give renewed energy and ultimate success
to your system.
3d. Again: I urge this measure as a postal
revenue measure, as tlte best revenue measure we
can justly and safely adopt.
Two cents a letter is not so high as to be bur-
1 densome, nor so low as not to pay the Department.
: It is an ample compensation for the transportation
of letters, and for the post office labor bestowed
upon them.
! The measure has been tried in England and
tried with complete success. The year preceding
that trial (1839) the number of mailed letters in that
, country was seventy-six millions. The first year
of the trial (1840) the number increased to one
! hundred and sixty-nine millions of letters. The
eighth year of the trial (1848) the number was
three hundred and forty-six millions of letters.
Thus the increase of letters mailed, from 1839 to
' 1849, was nearly fivefold. In this country, the re-
sult, so far as the trial has been made, has been simi-
, lar to that in England, and is sufficient to warrant
the adoption of the measure which I propose.
I When the law of 1845 went into operation the
circumstances which it encountered were most in-
j auspicious. Nearly half of the Members of Con*
,i gress, two thirds of the postmasters, and many of
'1 the people, predicted its certain failure. It was
earnestly contended and ceMklentiy predicted that
the new law would break down the Post Office De-
partment, or throw it upon the Treasury for sup->
port. But the law has proved successful, entirely
I successful, despite of all these untoward predic-
