144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31.
rail ways, when th« mail w earned at the rale of
more than forty miles an hour. From the same
oause the expense of transportation may be in-
creased in this country, when we have all the im-
provements m railroad transportation that the
pood of the service requires. It is not the remote
routes in back settlements that swell the amount
for transportation. It is true that they do not
bring in sufficient returns to pay the expenses of
their support: that is another question. They
are supported upon the ground of public, policy,
and not as a source of income; and the same poli-
cy should dictate their continuance. The <£100.000
piud in Great Britain for transporting the mml on
the lines from London to Edinburgh and Liver-
pool would more than pay for all the cost of all
the remote and unpaying routes in this country,
whether carried in two-horse carriages, in buggies,
on horseback, or on the back of" a pedestrian.
The question is oilfe of income and expenditure.
The expenses of the British Post Office for the
last ten years has exceeded the expenses in our
Post Office Department for that time in a greater
ratio than the difference in the population of the
two countries. Thequestion to be settled is, wheth-
er, in a series of ten years, individual for individ-
ual in the two countries, the people of this country
will write and send as many letters by the mail at
two cents postage as they now do in that coun-
try. If we can answer this affimatively, the finan-
cial difficulty is solved. We boast, with justness,
of the general diffusion of knowledge—that there
are few bom and brought up in this country who
cannot read and write letters. In this respect our
population can hardly fail to exceed the popula-
tion of Great Britain, where one adult in three
cannot read and write, while it increases here
more in a single year than there in five. These
are elements of calculation that can be relied on
with certainty.
But leaving the argument derived from the ex-
perience of another country, let ns consider the
operation, not of cheap postage, but of a reduc-
tion of postage upon our own. Before the act of
1645, the postage averaged about twelve cents and
a half to a letter. Under that act with its five and
ten cent rate, the average is about one half that
sum, being about six and x quarter cents to a let-
ter. This comparatively high rate of postage
could not be expected to have the same effect as a
really cheap postage would*have. But in a finan-
cial point of view it has vindicated the principle
for which the friends of cheap postage contend, !
that by cheapening the postage you increase the '
revenues of the Department. This is not done in ,
a single year; bat in a series of five years it has
been done. Under the old system, in nine years
preceding June 30, 1845, the average income of
the Department was $4,364,635. In the year
1843, it was $4,296,225; in 1844, it was $4,237,288,
and in 1845, it was 04,289,841; showing that for
the last three years of the former rates, the in-
come of the Department fell below the average
of the last nine years, and if not diminishing,
was actually stationary, and in but a single year,
(1847,) of the whole series of nine years did it pay
its expenditures. In the third year after the re-
duction of the rate of postage the expenditures
equalled the income, and in the last two years,
there is a surplus, which, we are informed, amount-,
ed in the last year to the handsome sum ot
|340,018. At the same time, there has been no
diminution of the mail service, or of the efficiency
of its general operations; both of which have gone
on in a ratio of increase which has exceeded in
the last five years the increase of the nine years
preceding the change. The income of the office
in the last fiscal year was *5,552,971, being an
excess over the average of the nine years prece-
ding the change of more than $1,100,000. This
result is as gratifying as it is surprising. It is a
full and triumphant vindication of the views of the
friends of cheap postage and of the principles on
which it is founded. This increased income has
arisen from an increase in the number of letters
consequent upon a reduction • of the rate of
postage.
In the nine yean preceding 1845, the number
of paying letters varied very little, and were about
twenty-five millions, being about one and a half
to each individual. In 1847, the number estima-
ted was fifty-two million one hundred and seventy-
three thousand four hundred and eighty; and to
this number should be added five millions free and j
franked letters, and eighteen hundred thousand dead 1;
letters returned to the Department, which would
give sixty millions in the whole, being an increase
of more than one hundred per cent, in two years.
Calculating the increase in the number of letters
from the increase in the amount derived from the
postage on letters, and including the free, franked,
and dead letters, and the number last year did
not fall short of eighty millions, and will exceed
that number June 50, 1851, when it is proposed
that the measure, it' this bill pass, is to go into
effect. This would be an averuge of a little more
than three to each individual, or a fraction more
than the average in Great Britain the year prece-
ding their act of 1839. Taking the increase here
for a series of ten years at the same ratio as it has
been there, and it'would give three hundred and
forty millions letters, which, at two cents, would
be ^6,800,000. This would be more than suffi-
cient, with the income derived from other sources,
to meet all the expenditures of the Department,
in its present efficient state, and increase its oper-
ations to mret the growing wants of the country,
and an increased population and business. If, -
then, the friends of cheap postage do not propose
to weaken the efficiency of the Department, or re-
duce the number of1 routes where the mail is now
carried, the only question is this same question of
finance—Will it pay?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Carttek] ap-
prehends that the Department will become bank-
rupt, and appears to sneer at the report of the
Postmaster General, who, if only nine days old,
as the gentleman says, has a w.onderful capacity
for his age; and while showing himself a master
of his subject in all its details, lias exhibited the
higher trait of disregarding prejudice, boldly rec-
ommending a measure of reform, which, if it falls
short of what I would like to have, comes up to
what I shall be glad to obtain. Let us take the rates
of the bill of the committee, which proposes the
same rates as the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the whole number of letters passing
through the mail in the year ending June 30,1851,
at eighty millions. With the reduced rate, suppose
the ratio of increase to be the same as it was after
the passing of the bill in 1845—and the calculation
of such an increase is th^more reasonable, as the
reduction will be, as then, just about one half;
and it is more likely to happen, as a three cent
postage is a really cheap postage—
Eighty millions of letters, at three j
cents, will give (2,400,000
The same? ratio of increase in the num-
ber as took place in the five years. I
since the reduction in postage, will j
give an increase of forty-eight mil-
lions of letters in a year, which, at
three cents, would pay $1,440,000
Which would give for the postage from
letters the first year after the pas-
sage of the act.
S3,840,000
which is more than the income of the Department
from letters in any year before the former reduc-
tion. In the second year, by the same calculation
of increase, the income from letters would be
$5,280,000, which is more than all the expendi-
tures of the office for the last year. If the calcu-
lation is continued to the end of the five years, it
will be seen at once that the amount of income
would exceed all the requirements, not only for an
.efficient administration of the Department, but for
all the wasteful extravagance which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] has justly charged
as being practiced in the Navy. It might even
pay the millions drawn from the Treasury by the
steamers charged to the naval service. But if we
must have these, I am not for taxing the corre-
spondence of the people for their support. I will,
therefore, make another estimate, founded on the
same data, with a uniform prepaid rate of two
cents. Eighty millions of letters and the same
proportionate increase as under the act of 1845,
being forty-eight millions at two cents a letter, will
give $2,560,000 for the first year, leaving a defi-
ciency of about $1,500,000 in the receipts of that
year, $540,000 the second year, and a surplus the
third year of $420,000, and $1,500,000 in the fourth
year. So that before the end of the series, with
an increase of letters as great as since the former
reduction, the revenues of the Department would
as now greatly exceed its expenditures.
If the same calculation is based upon the result
in Great Britain, and the increase the first year
should be estimated by the increase there of one hun-
dred and twenty-two per cent., it would give an in-
come upon letter postage of $3,720,000, and be
very little less than the receipts of last year from
the same source, and give a surplus the second
year. When it is remembered that there are now
more than two millions of dead letters annually; •
that many letters are carried on the great routes
and betwixt large cities by private conveyance and
public expresses; that there Sre about six millions
of free letters, and that a cheap postage system
would draw theseall into the mail as prepaid letters;
when it is considered that nearly all our adult pop-
ulation can write, and that all who could afford to
buy pen, ink, and paper, could afford to pay two
cents postage, is it unreasonable to suppose that
the increase in this country would be as great as
it was in Great Britain? But whether the increase
is more than one hundred per cent, in one year as
there, or one hundred per cent, in two years as it
was here, there would be in neither case anything
to alarm the fears of those who see in this measure
a heavy draft upon the Treasury, or a bankruptcy
of the Department. If from any unforeseen contin-
gency any or all of these calculations should not be
fully realized, and to sustain all the remote and
unpaying routes, and to add to them as the bound-
aries of our settled country is extended, there
should be required someaid from the general Treas-
ury, to what better purpose, as has been suggested
in the message of the President, could the bounty
of Government be applied ? Though the Depart-
ment is self-sustaining, and under a cheap postage
system would be, if experience in the past is any
test by which to judge of the future, yet, if there
was a deficiency in revenue, I would not deprive
any portion of the country of any part of the far
cihties they at present enjoy. The object of the
friends of this measure is to extend its benefits,
not only to every part of the country, but to the
humblest individual in our remotest settlements. It
is that all shall share alike in its common benefits,
as they share alike in the air and water so benefi-
cently supplied by nature, and, like these, almost
without money and without price.
The question returns, can the Department be
sustained in all its efficiency for a senes of years,
at a uniform rate of two cents prepaid postage
upon all letters passing through the mail ? If this
proposition was new and untried, it might be so
startling as not unreasonably to be pronounced
visionary. But when you have brought before
you the direct experience of a foreign country, and
the result of our own experience in this, to shut
your eyes to the light, and still to doubt and hesi-
tate, would argue a great want of candor, or some
small share of prejudice. Unless the facts pre-
sented can be disputed, orsome fallacy be shown in
the reasoning, it is those who oppose this measure
who disregard the deductions of experience and
substitute for them their own opinions.
But if this measure is destined to fail, as it has
heretofore done, when as much matured as now,
it will not fail upon the general principle; butupon
some of its details. In discussing the general
measure, I have purposely avoided all the other
matters embraced in the bill. They are of much
importance; but they are not necessarily connected,
nor is this measure dependent upon any other mod-
ification of the post office laws, except a modifica-
tion of the rate of postage upon letters. I will
not believe that a majority of this House will allow
a great measure of reform, called for by the high-
est interests, and apparently unanimous voice of
the people, to be defeated, because they cannot
agree upon some of its' minor details, or frame ft.
bill upon which all in favor of the measure can
unite. Such an acknowledgment would, indeed,
be humiliating to the Congress of the United
States. If you wish for respect and attachment
to the Government, you must show your willing-
ness and ability to pass such laws as bestow ben-
efits upon the people, while at the same time they
relieve them of burdens. The passage of a single
good law, or the reforming of a single abuse, may
diffuse an amount of good, increasing in each suc-
cessive year to an incalculable amount. It will do
more to confirm the attachment of the people of
every section of the country to our beloved Union,
than all the Union meetings that have or can be
held either North or South. Give to the people
beneficent laws, and reform the abuses which ae-
