THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31*r Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1851.
New Series....No. 10.
tenn the Government, and you need not have any
ftws of disunion.*
_ Mr. ROBINSON moved that the committee
nae; which motion was agreed to.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, the
Chairman of the Committee of the "whole on the
■tale of the Union reported that the committee
had had the state of the Union generally un-
der consideration, and particularly the bill to re-
duce the rates of postage, but had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. YOUNG asked leave to withdraw the pa-
per* in the case of —— from the files of the
House, for the purpose of reference to the proper
Department. Agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Friday next.
Loud cries of "Oh! no!—-say Thursday."
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend the motion by
striking out the word "Friday," and inserting
" Thursday" in lieu thereof.
A division was taken on the amendment, and
there was found to be no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRIS called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment;and they were ordered, and being
taken resulted, yeas 67, nays 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the :
amendment as amended.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired of the Chair whether
he could withdraw his motion ?
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot now be
withdrawn.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
motion as amended, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved that the House do now ad-
journ; upon which motion the yeas and nays were
called for, but not ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved, that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois, by inserting <'Thurs-
day " in lieu of "Friday." [Great laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. JONES (interposing.) Can the House j
without a quorum adjourn over till Thursday?
The Constitution says that it can only adjourn i
over from day to day.
The SPEAKER. That question will be decided
M the proper time. The gentleman from Illinois :
will state his point of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have moved that the
House adjourn till Friday. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. FowiERThas moved to amend
my motion by substituting "Thursday"for "Fri-
day." My point of order is, that they are inde-
pendent propositions, and that the question must
be taken first on the most distant day.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move amend-
ments like that just offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts to motions to adjourn. The House
has just acted on such an amendment. The House
must first vote on the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
^ENTWORTH. 1 to inquire of
v-r whether it is now in order to move, as a
substitute for the pending motion, that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Thursday 1
next. J
The SPEAKER. That amendment is already
pending. '
*Notk—The official return of the income and cxoenrti
tare of the Port Offica in Great Uritain and IreS for
«he y«ar ending January 5th, 1850, was as follows •
Gross receipts $11,048,990. Expenditures for tnuisoarta- i
uonoftoe mails and ship letters, $3,103,135; for salaries
andaBents> for mis- ;
The official Mturn of the income and etpenditure in the
IJjified States for the year endln* June Xth, 1850, wa,. 1
Qroft rtceipu $5,699,984. Expenditures for transnortn
«*> of the mails, &M,7S4; £ salaries and coffll
Cl6tl"'aDd ag<>ntS' S1'937'036 5 formis-
"Tnredwcjn the English currency, the pound sterling is '
WkcD at $5. °
10
! | Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers on taking
: the yeas and nays, and tellers were ordered.
Mr. VINTON inquired if it was in order to
amend the motion by striking out "Thursday,"
and inserting " Saturday.'" [Laughter.] .;
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. VINSON. Then I make that motion. 1
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it in order to move
that the House do now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. Not until this question is
disposed of. I
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order. !
[Laughter.] My question of order is this, whether
it is in the power of this House to adjourn over to 1
Saturday from to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The House must determine
that question for itself. The question now is on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. On that I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers on the taking of
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew his motion.
Mr. FEATHERSTON renewed the motion 1
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet ;
on Friday next.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to substitute the :
word "Thursday" for "Friday." 1
Mr. GOTT demanded the previous question.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered, which main
question was first upon Mr. We>tt worth's
amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 62, nays 66.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
_ The question then recurring on the original mo- ;
tion,
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered, ana the motion was
adopted.
i So the House decided to adjourn till Friday. !
On motion, the House then adjourned. j
NOTICE OF A BILL. !
I Mr. BENNETT gave notice that lie would hereafter ask
' leave to inroduce '' A bill to establish an Agricultural Bu-
reau, and to promote the interests of agriculture. " j
PETITIONS, fcc. j
The following petitions, remonstrance, and memorial, (
were presented under the rule, arid referred to the. appropri- i
ate committees: !
By Mr. 8CHENCK: Petition of Robert White, an in- \'
valid pensioner, for an increase of his pension. i
By Mr. McDONALt): The petition of William Potter !,
and one hundred and forty others, citizens of Carroll coun- 1'
ty  Indiana, for the establishment of a post office and post
road in said count)'. i
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The remonstrance of citizens
of Belvidere, Boone county, Illinois, against the extension j!
of SSebu|oB Parker's patent for a water wheel-
By Mr. INGE: The memorial of Wade Allen, asking
one month's extra compensation for mail service-
IN SENATE.
TnEsfrAV, Decanter 31,1850.
Mr. WINTHROP said: Mr. President,I have
received apeti tion signed by Edward Everett, Wm.
H. Prescott, George Ticknor, Francis C. Gray,
Rufus Choate, Jared Sparks, Cornelius C. Felton,
Theophilus Parsons, and Henry W. Longfellow,
of Boston, representing that an emblematical
statue of " America" has been modelled in clay by
Mr. Hiram Powers, a citizen of the United States,
for some years resident in Italy. The petitioners
say that Mr. Powers's design haa been to produce
in marble an embodiment of the idea of free, pop-
ular, constitutional government, in the person of
"America," represented as a youthful female of
fruitless beauty, in whose attitude and expression,
aa well as in the accessories of the work, that idea
should be indicated according to the rules of the
highest art. They also say that the eminent tal-
ent of Mr. Powers as a sculptor is acknowledged
throughout Europe and America—that it isbe-
lieved that no name stands higher among living
artists—and that he is himself under the impres-
sion, and competent judges concur in the opinion,
I th&t this work is his most successful effort,
j The petitioners believe that Congress would
i meet the wishes of all the enlightened friends of
, art and of all patriotic citizens throughout the
t Union by procuring this statue to be executed in
| marble in heroic size for the Capitol of the United
States; and as the work will be one requiring the
utmost exertion of the talent of the artist and the
employmeht of a considerable portion of his time
I for several years, they venture to suggest to the
wisdom of Congress the appropriation for this
purpose of the same sum which was appropriated
! for Mr. Greenough's statue Of Washington.
Mr. President, it is well known that the only
i American artist who has thus far been employed
to adorn the grounds of the Capitol and illustrate
our American history in marble was a New Eng-
land artist, (Mr. Horatio Greenough,) from my
: own State of Massachusetts and city of Boston.
■ It will be most agreeable to the friends of that artist,
and to the whole country, I am sure, that the great
sculptor of the West should now receive the pat-
, fonage of the Government, and be allowed to ex-
' liibit his unsurpassed genius on the same stage.
! The memorial is signed but by few names, but I
think the Senate will agree, on examining them,
that they will bear to be weighed if not counted,
I The memorial was referred to the Committe on
the Library.
Mr. GW1N presented a memorial, signed by
officers and soldiers of the army who served in
1 California during the whole or a part of the time
known as the gold mine excitement, asking that the
act making appropriations for the support of the
1 army, approved September 30,1850, may be so con-
strued as to take effect from the 1st of January,
1848.
In presenting this memorial, he said he knew of
no more meritorious claim upon the Government
than it presented. He had already brought the
' subject to the notice of the Senate, and he believed
I that those in whose behalf the memorial was pre-
1 sented should have three times as much as those
of the same rank serving in other parts of the Uni-
ted States.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
• Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of the
! City Council of St. Louis, asking the right of way
' ana a donation of land for the Pacific railroad;
1 which was referred to the Committee on Roads
Wid Canals; and the motion to print was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Also, submitted documents in relation to the
claim of the widow of Brevet Col. Kneas Mackay
to a pensipn; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTKE8.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Maria M. Alexander, only heir of George Mad-
ison, asking remuneration for sacrifices and ser-
vices during the war of the Revolution, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the legal representatives of William Armstrong,
late acting Superintendent of the Western Terri-
tory, submitted a report accompanied by a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of William
Armstrong, deceased, late ucting Superintendent of
tjje Western Territory; which was read and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
James Robertson, asking indemnity for certain in-
juries inflicted on him by an officer of the United
States Senate, asked to be discharged from the
further- consideration of the same.
Mr. "WALKER. It grieves me exceedingly to
hear the Committee of Claims asked tb be^dis-
charged from the further consideration of that sub-
ject, after the solemn cognizance which the Senate
