1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
Is it assumed that the Navy officers can do
this land work better than the officers of the
Army? Is it assumed that this changing hy-
drographieal survey is more valuable than the per-
manent topographical survey made by the Army ?
And if not, would it not be better to send to the
Secretary of the War Department, and ask him
whether, in his opinion, the work should not be
transferred to his Department, rather than to the
Department of the Navy ?
If there is any issue before the people involving
the incompetency of the Navy, I repeat it is not
made by the friends of the present organization of
the const survey. If it is made by the officers of
thetNavy, it is not made by those with whom
1 have conversed, and those with whom I have
conversed are such as have been most engaged on
the work. Some of the most scientific officers
are engttj^d in that lifork, and I have not seen
one who said it ought to be turned over to the
Navy, or that a naval officer was competent to take
charge of all the scientific labors the different
departments of the work demanded. The gal-
lant sailor now engaged in surveying the coast
of California is one of the warmest friends the
present organization of the coast survey has. I
mention him because he has been referred to. If'
there are officers of the Navy whose feelings are
grated by the fact that a topographical, astronom-
ical, and hydrographical work is conducted by a
joint survey of the officers of the Army and the
Navy and civilians, they must be those whose
palms are itching for a work which they never
brought to its present perfection—not those who
have been engaged in it and acquired reputa-
tion for what they performed; for it is a fact
in the history of the progress of this survey, that
due credit has been given to every one for the
.work which he performed. The charts show by
whom the soundings are made, by whom shoals
are discovered, and constant reports are made,
giving every increment of information which is
added to the mass already possessed, and show-
ing by whom this information is added. There-
fore mere is no ground of complaint, no reason
for change; and I do not see, notwithstanding the
argument of the Senator'from North Carolina,
why, when we have been examining this work ;
from year to year, we «hould make a call on the j
Secretary of the Navy for reasons for any change j
whatever. |
Mr. CASS. I wish to say but one -word upon
this subj^'f. I have said in the outset, that to me
it is a matter of little consequence who directs
this work; because whoever is placed in charge of j
it can have all the scientific aid which he needs,
and he must call in some such aid in order to go
into the details of the work. I spoke with some [
knowledge on this subject. This work was begun
under Mr. Jefferson's administration. He sent to !
Europe to obtain the services of Mr. Hassler, who
was believed to be a man of great scientific attain-
ments. It proved that his temperament did not
qualify him for the business of directing such a 1
work. At that time the dispute was not who
should have the work, but who should not have
it. When I was in the Department, in conse- 1
quence of this peculiar temperament of Mr. Hass- ;
ler, we had to depend on him for his details, and
I must say, that, notwithstanding his qualifica- •
tions as a man of science, his temperament made '
it disagreeable to be associated with him in the
service. Now we have a superintendent who has ;
the charge of conducting the whole work; and, as I
the Senator from Mississippi has said, it is done I
in a manner which is an honor to the country, i
Why not associate officers of the Army and the
Navy into a board who shall be competent, instead
of having one superintendent with the whole work i
under his sole direction ? The head of any depth :
cannot understand this work sufficiently; he must '!
depend on others. Youhaveofficers in the Army ;
and Navy fully competent for this work, and I see
no reason why such a board should not have ;
charge of the work, if any change is to be made, i
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That work is
now done by officers .of the Army and the Navy. !
They are selected from these Departments of the !
public service, and detailed for the work. !
Mr. CASS. What I wanted twenty years ago,
and what I now want, is a scientific board, to su-
perintend the work; to stand between the Depart-
ment and the execution of the work. I am not
speaking of the importance of having these officers
I go into the field. But what objection is there to
I that ? The Senator from Mississippi says that
' officers of the Army and .Navy are competent, but
: you cannot get them to go into the field, for there will
: be such a rivalry existing between diem that they
will not execute the work harmoniously. I do
j not believe that will be the result. I believe four
men can be got together, who will labor harmo-
niously to carry on the work faithfully. I do not
believe that there will be that jealousy of which the
Senator has spoken. • These officers of the Army
can make a distribution of the work, and name
the officers of the Army or Navy to perform ap-
propriate portions of it; and thus you will have
the benefit of their combined experience and skill
in the work, while the fact that they are from the
two Departments will be a check upon each of
them. I do not think there is scarce a member of
this body who fully understands the details of
this work, and I appeal to the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] who is acquainted with
the work, from having been at the head of the
Navy Department, if it is not so. There is not
time for one Department to become familiar with
all the details of the work. I believe that in every
country in the world where a coast survey is car-
ried on, it is done under the direction of a board
or of the Navy. If you have a board taken from
these two Departments, you have a check upon
each, which will be a guarantee for the better per-
formance of the work.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, when I offered
that resolution I did not anticipate such a discus-
sion upon it, especially as it is a mere resolution of
inquiry, calling for information. When the Sen-
ator from Georgia yielded the floor, I did suppose
that the question would be taken at once upon the
resolution. I had no idea that an inquiry from !
any Department was to be resisted, and resisted
upon the supposition that the Department called
upon cannot say anything in support of a recom-
mendation which it has made. Gentlemen seem
to go upon the assumption that there is nothing
which the head of a Department can say which ,
can have any influence upon the Seriate. Some
go so far as to say that he is new in his seat, and i
perhaps by this time, or in a short time, he will j
retract his errors.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the reference i
is to me, I must be permitted to say that I did not j
say so.
Mr. BENTON. "It is to be hoped he will re- I
tract his errors." The gentleman makes a dis-
tinction, that he hopes he will retract his errors.
Now, when any one in the Senate, from this ele-
vated platform, shall say that he hopes he will re-
tract his errors  ,
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say that I hoped he
would "retract his errors."
Mr. BENTON. Then, what was it? I will
take the words of the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say " errors." I said
that the Secretary had been but a, short time in his
office when the report was made, and-1 hoped he ;
would retract his opinions. ;
Mr. BENTON. Well, we will take the word
"retract, "without saying anything farther. "Re-
tract:" from retraho, retrahere, retraxi, relractwn;
to draw back. That is what the word means. ,
[Laughter.] He hopes the Secretary of the Navy :
will "draw back." And now,sir, when this hope
is expressed in an American Senate and goes over
the country, I hope the Secretary will have an op-
portunity of saying whether or not he feels that he
ought to draw back. j
Another Senator, who sits on my right, [Mr. ;
Downs,] treats with infinite scorn my arguments ■;
of the last session; and that he has a right to do. !
But he goes further, sir, and treats with equal i
scorn the answer that may come from the Secre-
tary of the Navy; and that I do not think a Sena- ;
tor has a right to do. The Senator, sir, may U
speak as contemptuously as he pleases of the ex- i1
ercises of another Senator on this floor. He may , [
indulge hi? taste in speaking with scorn and con- t:
tempt of the argument of another Senator upon :
this floor. Ana he intimates that I shall stand /
alone, or with few with me. Well, sir, I have i
been "solitary and alone," and in the end I have n
seen the whole Senate and the whole nation com* i
around and M4nd by me. I stood done against!
the Bank of the United States, and I have lived to
see it proclaimed to be an obsolete idea upon this
floor, I am not afraid to stand alone, but it is
11 unfair to reproach the Secretary of the Navy, ami
j, to include him, and brand him, and stamp his
j; report before it is made, a* a thing of nought,
j This is a new thing in this Senate, air; and I pro-
test against its coming into the Senate against the
head of a Department, between whom and this
Senate there should subsist a most decorous inter-
' course. The public service requires that there
shall be intercourse and decorum between the Sen-
ate and the heads of Departments. While, then,
I freely surrender to the Senator from Louisiana
the privilege of treating my arguments and opinions
with unmeasured scorn and contempt, I deny him
1 the right to do the same thing with respect to the
,: opinions of the Secretary of the Navy.
The Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamuv,] who
sits upon my right, hag said, " if this thing is to
be pressed." Well, sir, that gentleman and my-
self have not been acquainted very long six or
: seven years, perhaps—but I do not think there is
anything in our acquaintance that authorizes that
< gentleman or any otherto interpose that word "if."
[Laughter.] When I make a proposition, sir, I
propose nothing but what I think is right; and
when it is made, I stand to it till there is a proper
decision upon it, or it is brought to a conclusion.
Having met this extraordinary opposition, such
as there has beeu no parallel to in the American
Senate, I shall ask the Senate for the yeas and
nays before I am done with it. I will show that
I am in earnest.
The Senator from Mississippi says our coast
surveys are incomparably superior to those of
Great Britain. Well, sir, that brings up the reali-
zation of what I have heard, but never saw. It is
making a thing so perpendicular that it leant;over;
for the British coast surveys are made with mathe-
matical accuracy. I want to know what must b*
the character of those, then, that are . made with
more than mathematical accuracy? The British
surveys are mathematically correct, and ours are
more so. I should like to have him give us an
idea of a perpendicularity which is more than per-
pendicular—which leans over.
Mr. President, there was once a word, accus-
tomed to be pronounced in this Chamber and in
: the other end of this Capitol, which was a very
respectable word in its day. It was the word
j "economy." And if we cannot begin now to
think about economy, I take it we shall soon be in
| a condition in which we shall be forced to think,
i as we were in 1841. Whatdoes this coast survey
i cost us under the civil superintendent ? It has cost
us $406,000 this year, and #460,000 are asked for
the next. Now, if the Navy, which costs us about
seven or eight millions of dollars per annum, can
i do this work well enough to save the ships which
■ they themselves navigate, here is economy, a sav-
, ingofsome three or four hundred thousand dollars
per annum at once. Is it not worthy of consider-
ation at any time to know how we can save such an
amount as this for our country ? Is it not worthy
of consideration at any time, and especially at this
time, when we are going to the edge of a precipice
in our financial affairs ?
I present this question under the double aspect
of a question between the Navy and a civil super-
intendent, and as involving the incompetency of
the Navy, and if the Senator from Mississippi was
not understood when he replied to some words by
me the other day, when 1 was speaking on the
subject of the Louisville and Portland canal, I will
accept from him whatever he says he meant by the
words he then uttered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Always meaning
that the Navy are not incompetent in any branch
appropriate to their profession, I think they are
incompetent to sail to the summit of the Sierra
Nevada mountain; and I see no reason why they
should be made to abandon their element and learn
to perform the duty which belongs properly to the
land service, and which a sailor is not presumed to
know. That is the incompetency of which I spoke.
Mr. BENTON. Well, I grant it would be some
work to sail one of their ships to the summit of the
Sierra Nevada mountains, twelve thousand fleet
high; and I take it, sir, it is a new idea in the coast
survey that a chart is to represent to you a moun-
tain one hundred and fifty miles in the intm(*r,
and twelve thousand feet high. I had Always un-
derstood that the chart was to Apply to the coast;
that it gave the kmd and water contiguous, and
gave as much land as was necessary to understand
the approaches to the land.
