150
THE <X)NGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Deo. SI,
By the act under which we are now operating the
direction is to ascertain the shoals and the islands
which are within twenty leagues of the coast, and
to ascertain the headlands, soundings, bearings,
capes, and point*. I apprehend that a chart con-
sists of an exhibition of the land and water that
join an exhibition of the coast, and that there is no
necessity for going into the interior of the country
in making out a chart. But here we are, Mr.
President, involved in a question of the superior-
ity of one department over another in conducting
this business. Sir, it is precisely the question
that we want to get at. Nor is it absolutely ne-
cessary to run the parallel of superiority. The
question is, can the Navy do the work well enough
for the business and commerce of the country,
and the Navy of the country? That is the ques-
tion, sir; can they do it well enough; and if they
can do it well enough, I hold that they should be
put upon it.
Sir, what does our Navy cost us now ? Seven
or eight million dollars per annum. What is their
employment? We know that when we began our
Navy there were pirates in the Mediterranean sea,
that barbarous nations lined the shores with pi-
ratical hordes, and we sent small vessels—never
larger than a frigate—to protect the property and
persons of our citizens. Even then, when the
Mediterranean sea was lined with piratical nations,
and when captivity was the fate of all who were
taken by them, or the blunderbuss was the only
alternative, even then we had nothing but some
small vessels, and they were found sufficient for
the purpose. Now the commerce of the Mediter-
ranean is as safe as that of the Chesapeake bay,
and that of the whole archipelago of the Black sea
is as safe as that of the Potomac river. There
was a time when there were pirates in the West
India Islands, and we sent our vessels to protect
our commerce, and now there are no more pirates
there, than there are in the District of Columbia.
We have a location less exposed upon our coast
than if we were living upon an island like that of
Great Britain, and were liable to a Norman descent,
or a Spanish armada. Our Navy has grown to be
large, and the people are beginning to inquire what
are the uses to which it is applied ? Where is it
necessary to go now to protect our commerce and
to defend it from pirates? Our naval establishment
has become large, is costing about seven or eight
millions of dollars annually. Here is a piece of
work for the Navy to do, the appropriate business
of the Navy; and are we to have that work done by
others at an expense of four hundred thousand
dollars per annum ?
Sir, this is a question to go before the country,
and it is a question which will concern the Navy.
For if, after paying seven or eight millions of dol-
lars to keep up the Navy, in order to protect our
commerce, which needs no protection, we then
have to hire men at the rate of four or five hun-
dred thousand dollars per annum to do their work,
it is time for us to consider. But I do not admit
it; I stand up for the Navy; I stand up for our
Navy officers; and I declare my confidence in their
entire capacity to do whatever is necessary to be
done in carrying on the coast survey. The fact
is, they are doing it now, as I have just said, so
far as they are employed to do it; and my argu-
ment is, that they should be employed to do the
whole, and that thus some four or five hundred
thousand dollars would be saved annually that is
now paid to another establishment, which has
grown up almost to the power and influence of a
department. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
the Senator winds in a circle with his argument.
He begins by making an issue which nobody has
accepted; but he locates on a class of persons
and says it is theirs. A plain-dealing man, who
should come in and find him in the middle of his
speech, would suppose he had offered a resolu-
tion of inquiry, and great opposition had been
gratuitously made to it on the part of other Sen-
ators.
Now, the Senator will recollect that what I said
when I addressed the Chair and the Senate was in
reply to the Senator from Missouri, from notes
taken while he spoke. It was a brief reply to a
long address. "And yet, from the remarks of the
Senator from Missouri, one would infer that I had
sprung this debate on this resolution, and forced
him into a defensive attitude. And this he calls
an extraordinary proceeding. It is extraordinary,
sir, if a Senator can offer a resolution and make a
vehement speech on it, and nobody can reply.
But enough of this for the present.
This controversy is one of the Senator's own
seeking. I answered some of his arguments in
11 the first place, and I propose to answer some more
I of them now. He cries aloud for economy, and
| says that #400,000 are paid for people to do the
'' work of the Navy. Can he not conceive that
topography is not the proper department of the
Navy—that the survey of the shore, the running
of lines perhaps as far interior as one hundred and
II fifty miles from the coast, may be the proper basis
of an accurate survey of the coast itself? It re-
1 quires but very little exploration in the scientific
1 labors of the coast survey to understand all this,
i. The Senator knows it well. Why, then, will he
I < not be answered ?
j What is the work of the Navy? Shall I state
i again, as I have stated so often, that it is the hy-
i drographical part of the survey. The Navy can-
not perform every part of the work. Is it any
portion of the work of the Navy to compute scien-
tific problems in land surveys? Would an officer
of the Navy be advanced in his profession by
. such attainments, or would he not become a mere
savant and so far cease to be a sailor ? Go to any
j practical officer of the Navy and ask him the ques-
I tion, and he will answer you affirmatively, and
, tell you that he wants no officer of the Navy con-
, verted into a mere savant by being cloistered in
' scientific pursuits.
!! But as to this argument of economy. How is the
;; Senator going to save this expenditure of $400,000 ?
I He will certainly recollect that this great increase
! of expenditure arises from the survey of the coast
! of California. Why, then, does he dwell on this
I augmentation of expenditure? He cannot certain-
ly have forgotteu the cause of this increase of ex-
penditure. He speaks of ships of war no longer
i necessary for the protection of commerce. Does
I he believe those ships can be made available for
the wants of the survey ? Does he not know that
they will be wholly unsuited for the work ? Does
he not know that the Navy would require the same
II class of vessels that is now required for the sur-
I vey, and that their vessels, if withdrawn from the
II protection of commerce, would not be applicable
} to this work ? Then the additional expenditure,
I so far as any would exist, if this survey was
under the administration of the Navy Department,
would be for exactly the same labor which is now
performed.
You would have to employ topographical engi-
neers just as you now employ them for your sur-
vey of the interior, upon which the survey of the
coast should rest. Your topography would have
to be done then exactly as it is now. The hydrog-
raphy would be then done by the Navy, as it is
now. The engraving and printing would be done
then as now. What would be gained ? You would
transfer the coast survey from the Treasury De-
partment, which stands neutral between the Army
and Navy, to another Department, to draw the
means of prosecuting the work, to some extent,
from a rival Department. This might generate
a bad feeling, which does not now exist among
the operatives of the coast survey. But how
would you diminish the expense ? Does any man
believe that you can turn the Army or Navy into a
work which is not professional, and reduce the
expense of the work below what it would be if
civilians or professional men executed it ? Does
any man believe he could send soldiers to execute
hydrography cheaper than sailors, or that sailors
could do topography cheaper than soldiers? No
man believes it who has any information on the
subject. Men diverted from their professional
pursuits to do a work would be more expensive
than others. There is more reason to believe that
civilians, regularly and constantly employed, could
now be hired to do the work cheaper than both
branches of the military service.
Economy is the argument, but it falls to the
ground, has no real foundation, cannot stand
alone. The present organization is valuable as a
school for our young sailors and soldiers, and as
a field of exercise for our older officers in the
branches of science appertaining to their profes-
sion. They are now the chiefs of parties, and
due merit is given to the soldier for wnat he does
on the land, and to the sailor for what he does on
the water. It is not right to transfer the land ser-
vice to the Navy, or the water service to the Army.
The survey stands now in a neutral department
between the two. I hope and believe it will re-
main so.
I waive all the Senator's attempts to ridicule and
jest. I leave that with him. But I tell him that
when he attempts to make me say that our charts
are delineated with more than mathematical accu-
racy, he puts in my mouth what he knew I never
uttered. He knew that I never entertained sucli an
idea—that I understood that nothing could be more
accurate than abstract mathematics. No member
of the Senate knows better than himself what a
map is. He can understand that soundings maylje
laid off with mathematical accuracy, and yet pre-
sent but a poor chart—a mean map. Let him go
to the old charts that were made by our own coast
survey, when it was in charge of the Navy De-
partment,.and he will find lines of sounding there
which no one can understand. No doubt the
soundings were all properly made and correctly
laid down, but yet tliey are utterly worthless, be-
cause they would not lead a vessel to a safe harbor
by showing a channel of sufficient depth of water.
The Senator did not meet my argument fairly.
He knew that was not my proposition. He knew
full well that a chart might have mathematical ac-
curacy, and yet be absolutely worthless.
Now,I do not mean to say—and I would not deem
it necessary under ordinary circumstances thus to
guard every uttered opinion—thatthe British charts
are worthless, no more than that I meant to say
the soundings were not mathematically accurate.
I say they are greatly inferior to our own. If the
Senator will compare one of our recent charts with
the best he can get from the British Ordnance De-
partment, he will find the difference between them.
And I know his judgment to be too good to doubt
what his decision will be. I said nothing about
anything being more accurate than mathematics,
or anything being so perpendicular that it leaned
over.
Mr. BEATON. I take that back.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am glad the Senator does take
it back, for such an argument, intended to reach a
grave subject, I will not say was unworthy of the
occasion—I thought it unworthy of him.
But the Senator proposes \o save $400,000. Be
it remembered always that this increase has re-
sulted from the survey of the coast of California,
and the extraordinary price of labor on that coast.
He thinks this sum will be saved by turning the 1
coast survey over to the Navy. In the name of
eomrnon sense, how ? Could you dispense with
the steam vessels you now use ? Could you dis-
pense with the draughtsmen you now. employ?
Could you dispense with the clerks you now hire ?
Could you dispense with the topographical corps
you now have? Could you oispense with the
delicate and expensive instruments you use in
your main triangulations? What could you dis-
pense with ? Then how would you save #400,000,
or $200,000, or $240,000, which was formerly re-
quired for the work ?
You can only save it by abandoning the work.
And when the Senator thinks proper to return to
the old system of mere nautical charts, then I have
only to say we have such charts made by our
Navy, by the Spanish, and by the British Navy.
W e would satisfy none of the demands of commerce
by making them. We can thus make no better
hydrographical chart than the Spaniards made of
the Gulf of Mexico. And unless we intend to
make an accurate geodetic survey, upon which the
hydrographical survey shall rest, we will do noth-
ing that is worth the expenditure, either on the
Atlantic or the Gulf coast. That is the proposition
which Mr. Jefferson had in view when he brought
Mr. Hassler to this country; and, with great re-
spect to the Senator from Michigan, I must con-
sider him a very valuable acquisition to the United
States. I know of his bad temper—that bad tem-
per which made every department anxious then to
get rid of the work of which he was the head, but
which now, in its maturity and perfect organiza-
tion, Departments are grappling for. But he was
a man possessed of that science which was re-
quired for the work, and probably the only man in
the country who was capable of undertaking it.
Mr. Jefferson, with his usual wisdom and fore-
sight, brought him to this country, where he laid
the foundation of this great work. Though but
little was effected in his time, he commenced a
