1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOB%
151
great work, which has since developed itself ao
much to the benefit and honor of the country. It
is now rapidly going- on under a system which I
do not believe can De improved by transferring
the work from one Department to another. I do
not believe you can improve the present system of
topographical and hydrographical survey, resting
on each other. Why, then, transfer the work? Is
the object to change the head of the coast survey?
Then go and find a man of more science at' home
or abroad; find a man of purer character, of sim-
pler habits, and more beloved by all under his au-
thority. Findthatmanbeforeyouattempttochange '
the character of the work as the mode by which to j
displace the Superintendent. If such be not the pur-
pose, I know of no real purpose why this transfer
should be made. If the character of the work is to
remain the same; if it is to be conducted as now;
if it is to be a joint work of the Army, of the Navy,
and of civilians, why, then, I ask, transfer it from
one Department to another, and, least of all, why
transfer it from the Treasury Department, stand-
ing neutral between the Army and Navy, and throw
it into the Navy, and make that collision between
the two branches of the military service which we
seek to avoid ?
I stated before, I believe, that the civil part of
this organization is the permanent part, and is ne-
cessary to maintain the work. And I would say
a word to my friend from Michigan, as it bears
directly on his proposition. Suppose he had a
board of officers selected from the Army and Navy
of the highest attainments: If a war should break
out, would those officers be worthy to wear their
uniform if they did not belt on their swords and
hasten to the scene of action ? If you had such a
board, would they not, in the event of a war, claim
the right to exercise their commissions at the j
head of their commands, or on the decks of their j
vessels ? j
The civil part of this organization is the per-
manent part of it; it is that which remains through
war, and it is the nucleus upon which the Army
and Navy portion of the work aggregate them-
selves at the return of peace. This is one of the
great benefits of the present organization, and
which I consider essential to the further prosecu-
tion of the work. W e encountered the difficulty
to which I have referred during the late war with
Mexico. The officers of the Army, nearly all of
them, left the work. If there had been a mari-
time war, the officers of the Navy would certainly
have' done the same thing. We may encounter
the same difficulty again, and would encounter it
with any scientific board of officers, unless they
lost the character of sailors and soldiers and be-
came mere savans.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I think there
can be no stronger proof of the want of merit in
this resolution than the fact that the Senator who
introduces it has not sustained it on its own mer-
its, but has stepped out of his way to attack those
who opposed it. I therefore take it for granted
that it has no merit; that it has no reason in its
favor; for no gentleman can marshal and better
enforce reasons in favor of a measure than the
honorable Senator from Missouri. But, as he
does not choose to do it here, it is a pretty strong
proof that there is no merit in the resolution.
The Senator from Missouri seems exceedingly
anxious to make issues on this matter in different
forms. He makes an issue between the Navy and
the coast survey, and attempts to raise the idea
that there is some opposition to the Navy. He
appears to think that those who oppose this reso-
lution have some hostile intentions against the
Secretary of the Navy. He seems to intimate this
of me. I never thought of such a thing. Noth-
ing in my words justified such a conclusion. I
have the honor of an acquaintance, though slight,
with the Secretary of the Navy, and I have the
highest respect for him. I merely suggested that
I took it for granted he would have given us the
reasons for Tiis recommendations if he thought
the public interest required it. How, then, can
the gentleman array me against the Secretary of
the Navy ? I hope the gentleman will permit me
to make my own issues, and will not make them
for me. I have no issue with the Secretary of the
Navy. I do not suppose any member who op-
poses this resolution nas.
But the gentleman says I do not treat his argu-
ments with respect. I am not awaro of having
treated them with disrespect. I certainly did not
intend to do so. I stated the reasons why I could
not concur with the Senator. It is the first time
I have been informed that the reasons against the
opinions of any Senator may not be given by
another Senator without disrespect. I thought
that whatever was the difference of age or the dif-
ference of position among Senators, we at least
had the liberty .of discussion, and the right to state
in respectful and decorous language, our approba-
tion or disapprobation of any opinions that might
i be advanced here.
The chief object of what I said was to show that
this subject had been elaborately discussed before;
that a decision had been arrived at, and the Sen-
ate, being not very materially changed since that
period, I had reason to believe would not change
, that decision, and that therefore discussion was
I protracted on a matter which had been worn
! threadbare before.
I The honorable Senator from Missouri, then,
' must sustain his resolution on its own merits, and
! not raise an issue which I never made with the
i Secretary of the Navy, or with the Navy, for I
! have the utmost respect for them both. «If the
gentleman does not expect his opinions to be con-
troverted, he ought to be careful to express only
] such opinions as would be most likely to meet with
i general approbation. I am sure he knows that
j conviction and acquiescence are not acts of volition.
! They depend upon the correctness of the position
assumed. A member's acquiescence in a propo-
i sition does not depend on his own volition so much
| as on his conviction of the reason and justice of it.
If the gentleman expects the Senate to acquiesce in
all his propositions, he ought to be careful how
he makes them.
But the gentleman does not seem to be at all
discouraged by the idea that he stands alone in
this matter, because he says he stood alone on an-
other and a memorable occasion. That is very true;
but a man of his experience and of his wisdom
might have also recollected that times and circum-
stances change. It was once said of another great
man, " but yesterday he might have stood against
the world;" but I will not conclude the quotation.
He might have recollected that when he made the
memorable declaration that solitary and alone he
set that ball in motion, he had a large mass of
his fellow-citizens to sustain him. They did sus-
tain him. But now, when he launches out against
the coast survey, which has been in operation for
years, which is applauded everywhere, against
which I have hearu no dissatisfaction from any
! quarter except from himself, he will pardon me for
< thinking that he will not only have to launch his
I bark alone, but that he will also have to row it and
| sail it to the end of the voyage "solitary and
alone," as he started it, or nearly so.
Mr.'BENTON. I wish to ask the Senator from
Louisiana to finish his quotation.
Mr. DOWNS. I will do so, as the gentleman
| requests it of me. I do not recollect it perfectly,
but I believe the remark was applied to Julius
Caesar, that " yesterday he might have stood
against the world," but now " none so poor to do
him reverence."*
Mr. BENTON. I will tell the Senator why I
asked him to finish the quotation. I had com-
mitted it to memory and thought he could not re-
peat it. That is all the reason in the world I had
for asking him to finish the quotation. , [Laugh-
terj
The Senator says that I complained of his not
treating my opinions with respect. What I said
was that he had the privilege of treating my opin-
ions and my measures with scorn and contempt;
but I denied that he had the privilege of treating
the opinions of the Secretary of the Navy so; for
I considered it due to the decorum of intercourse
between the Departments and the Senate that we
should suppose when they make recommenda-
tions they nave reasons for them, and that those
reasons, when given, will be weighed and consid-
ered by members.
I expected to see this resolution of inquiry pass,
as every other of the kind does pass, without one
* Tbe quotation referred to above is a* followi:
" But yesterday, the word of Cesar mifht
Have stood against the world; now lies be there,
And none so poor to do bim reverence."
[Marc Antony's Oration over the dead body of
Ctttar—8raiupeaki'  Julitu Ctttar, -let III.,
Scene II.
word being said upon any side whatever. But I
have been charged with bringing on this debate,
and I actually began to mistrust myself and to
doubt what I had done. As I was hot able to trust
my memory, I sent to the reporters to ascertain * .
the names of the gentlemen that have spoken and
the order in which they spoke. Mr. Davis, of
Mississippi, appears at the head of the list. The
Senator from Michigan, who seems to have received
a mission about the middle of the last session of
Congress to oppose whatever I proposed, [laugh-
ter,] was the next to speak.
Mr. CASS. I did not oppose the resolution at
all; I supported it.
Mr. BENTON. I beg ten thousand pardons of
the gentleman.
Mr. CASS. I said I was perfectly indifferent
as to what Department had charge of this matter,
but I wanted a board to have control of it. The
Senator will give me credit for supporting a propo-
sition of his this one time.
Mr. BENTON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Missouri endeavors to throw on me the onus of
bringing on this debate. He finds my name first,
with surprise. He seems to imply that this de-
bate has been forced upon him. I do not see why
the Senator should have been so surprised. When
he introduced this resolution yesterday, he called
my attention to it, and I then told him I should
move to amend his resolution by calling for a like
answerfrom the Secretary of the Treasury. When
I first rose to-day I announced that I would
offer such an amendment, and I did not enter into
any argument on the subject until afterwards, in
reply to the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, as so animated a debate has arisen upon this
subject, and so much sensitiveness has been exhib-
ited through the progress of the argument, I wish
to place myself right by an explanation of the
vote I intend to give. I intend to vote for this res-
olution, but I shall not do it for the reasons which
have been assigned by some other gentlemen, but
for reasons which strike my own mind as quite
satisfactory. My principal object now is to dis-
claim any purpose to censure the work as it is now
carried on, or those who are in any way connected
with it, or to express any dissatisfaction with the
progress of it. I am actuated entirely by other
considerations. It appears that one of the Heads
of the Departments has suggested, in his official
communication, a change, or some modification of
the arrangements. Well, sir, I take it for granted
that, however well satisfied we may have been
with this work, no gentleman here is so entirely'
satisfied with the organization and arrangement,
and management of the work, and the economy
which runs through it, as to say that it is incapa-
ble of improvement. I think no gentleman will
take ground of that kind, and say that it is inca-
pable of any reorganization that will improve its
character.
When an officer of the Government, standing in
the relation which the Head of a Department does
to us, makes to us a suggestion of this sort, we
are to suppose that he is influenced by some higher
motive than the ambition which might prompt him
to take charge of this department. We may sup-
pose that he has got something to suggest, some-
thing to propose to us which is worthy of our con-
sideration, or he would not venture upon making
a suggestion of this description. Now, sir, are we
so enlightened, are we so well informed on this
subject, that we are not willing to hear what an
officer of the Government has to say in relation to
it ? Are we so well satisfied on this subject that
we will shut our ears and our eyes to any sugges-
tion that may be made to us respecting it ? Why,
sir, after all, this amounts only to a simple Resolu-
tion of inquiry. It is nothing more. I suppose
if the Senator from Missouri nad made a motion
of inquiry whether it was expedient to make a
change in the organization of the system and mode
of carrying it on, no gentleman would have raised
his voice against it; but because it takes a differ-
ent form, because there has been a suggestion from
the Head of a Department that such.a step may be
expedient, and a resolution is offered asking him
to give his reasons for those suggestions, objection
is made. Are you not willing to hear them ? For
one I am anxious that that officer shall furnish to
us his reasons for that opinion. That is the whole
argument. In pursuing this course, sir, I am
