1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1WT
risen to a point of order; but I do it now, in justi-
fication of th« honor and standing of this body.
An allegation is h*re made that it is out of your
power to command order in this body, and that
then Will be noint and fun here such as to dettr
you from the «x«rcis« of that power. Now, that
allegation, going out to the country from such a
source, will make an impression upon the public
mind which the Senate does not deserve to have
made against it; and although it may have been
done for mere amusement, the country will not so
understand it. Hence the impropriety of throw-
ing before the country that which is calculated to
impair the dignity of this body.
.The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make
any question of order?
Mr. DAWSON. I merely stated that the gen-
tleman wtu out of order, which I thought the
Chair, by the nod of the head, recognized and
approved.
The PRESIDENT. That will depend entirely
upon the sense of the Senator himself whether he
throws any imputation either on the presiding
officer or the body. His remarks, however, ore
not of such a character as to justify a call to order.
The Senator will proceed.
Mr. WALKER. If there be any point of or-
der raised, I would be glad if the Senator would
give me the benefit of the rule, and reduce it to
writing.
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot tell whether tbeSen-
ator was in earnest or jest.
Mr. WALKER. In reply to that remark I
will leave it to the Chair to decide whether there
was disorder or not. If there was not, the effort
of the Chair to obtain order was unnecessary; if
there was, the Chair did but its duty, and the
country may know that there was a call for order
evidencing the fact that there was disorder. I re-
marked upon that disorder, and upon the charac-
ter of the subject under debate when the disorder
occurred.
But, Mr. President, I would like to know of die
Senator from Georgia—aa he seems to take an in-
terest in this matter, and is very nearly the only
Senator who does—upon what ground hie puts this
publication of extra numbers. Is it to inform his
constituents t Or is it to wipe out what seems to
be a disrespect shown to the Secretary of State?
If it be to mform his constituents, he will have to
bear in mind that his constituents bear but a small
proportion to the twenty-five millions of people in
the United States; and when he has distributed the
ten thousand among his own constituents, he will
not hare given a number to & great many of than;
and when it comes to distributing them among the
whole twenty-five millions of the people of the
United States, it will certanily give still less;
Why, then, is it necessary to print these copies,
especially when the papers in the immediate vtcin- '
ity will publish this document long before it will !
reach them in the form of ten thousand copies ?
But, as I see that our Whig friends on the other ;
side have dwindled down to five, who are the most :
attentive to their duties of any in the Senate, being
rarely absent, always in their places—and I must
say that they differ from their associates in that '
respect—and as they seem to be careworn and dis- >
tressed, and afflicted that this order was not made
yesterday, I will refrain and not make that-hour- |
and-a-hajf speech which 1 said I would make. As
they are suffering for the want of their dinners I ,
will desist.
Mr. TURNEY. If it is in order to strike out
ten and insert five, I will make that motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
The Senate then adjourned.
/ IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 2, 1851.
Mr. CLAY. I am charged with the petition of
Elizabeth Butler, heir and child of a revolution- >
ary. soldier, asking to be allowed a pension. She
discloses in her petition a condition of very great
distress, felt by nerself and her children, ana un-
doubtedly deserving the sympathy if not the aid
of the Government. Whether she is entitled to
that aid or not, is a question to be considered. I
move that the petition, without being read, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Thepetition was so referred.
Mr. CLAY. I am also charged With thepetition of,
Dr. Charles Richardson, of Baltimore, who states
that he has discovered the cause of the potato rot.
He says that he has devoted many years to the
study of that subject, and that he has at last made
this discovery. He prays Congress to make a
small appropriation of money to enable him to
make a more thorough examination into the
matter, and to give the public the benefit of his
discovery.
He also refers to the fact that he has invented a
new mode of ventilation applicable to ships, jails,
hospitals, &c., and calculated to prevent disease
too oflten incident to those establishments. He
thinks this can be advantageously applied to the
public vessels and barrack* of the united States.
I move that, without reading, the first part of the
petition be referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture, and the second to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. It was so referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
petition from the legal voters of Northampton,
Massachusetts, asking the adoption of measures
for the settlement of international controversies
without recourse to war; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. EWING presented the petition of the legal
voters of Washington county, Ohio, asking the
adoption of measures for the peaceable adjustment
of international difficulties; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of the
present register and receiver and late incumbents
of the land office at Yandalia, Illinois, asking an
increase of compensation for locating military
bounty land warrants; which was ordered to He on
the table.
Mr. SHI ELDS presented the memorial of Hen-
ny R. F. Capron, widow of a gallant officer of the
Army who was kilted in Mexico during the war
with that Republic, asking that the half pay grant-
ed her may be continued for life; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition from the late and present regis-
ters and receivers of the land office at Dixon, Illi-
nois, asking an increase of compensation for loca-
ting military bounty land warrants; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of the
late and present registers and receivers of die land
office at Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin,
asking to be allowed additional compensation for
entering military bounty land warrants; which
|| was ordered to lie on the table.
i; Mr. W. I have received the petition of Isaac
I H. Conrad, and forty-four other citizens of the
| State of Pennsylvania, praying the immediate re-
1 peeil of the law for the recapture of fugitive slaves.
[ Accompanying this petition was a letter from one
I of the individuals making a special request of me
i that I would present it to the Senate. In accord-
I ance with that request, as well as in the discharge j
I of my duty, I present it to the Senate, and move !
! that, without reading, it be referred to the Com- |
, mittee on the Judiciary. j
It was so referred.
! Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of Ma- ■
I ria L. Walker, daughter and heir of John Tavloe t
! Griffin, asking compensation for the services of her i
i father as commissary in the war of the Revolution, ]
! and also indemnity for losses sustained and the
i reimbursement of money advanced for the use of I
i the United States during said war; which was re- !
j ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. 1
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of F. An- j
drews, asking to be allowed extra pay and bounty j
for his services as a surgeon to the Iowa mounted ;
volunteers during the war with Mexico; which 1
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. i
Also, a memorial adopted at a railroad conven- '
tion of the State of Iowa, asking Congress to grant
land for the construction of the Dubuque and Keo- ;
kuck and Davenport and Missouri railroad, with 1
the proceedings of the convention which adopted i
it; which were ordered to lie on the table. I
Mr. TURNEY presented the memorial of the !
heirs of John Proudfit and others, asking indem- !
nity for spoliations prior to 1800; which was laid I
on the table. !
Mr. BELL presented two memorials from mem- j
bera of the bar of East Tennessee, asking the |
appointment of a separata judge for the district;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi- I
ciarv.
He also submitted additional documents in rata-'
tion to the claim of Robart Gill for a pateiM;
which were referred to the Committee on nneift&S.
Mr. FOOTE presented the memorial af J«hh
Asburn Regan, a native of Georgia, (nowa cititen ■
of Louisiana,) relative to a plan for preventing the
overflow of the Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries, and to drain and reclaim the inundated lands,
and asking that alternate sections may be granted
him for accomplishing the same; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Amos
Reeder and other citizens of Baltimore, asking
that the bill passed by the House of Representa-
tives to provide for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, may not become a law
without certain modifications; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition from the legal voters of Castine,
in the State of Maine, asking the adoption of
measures for the peaceful adjustment of inter-
national controversies; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
* REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
report of the Secretary of War enclosing a copy
of the proceedings of tne court-martial in the case
of William Hanniver, and the memorial of the
citizens of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, asking a
revision and modification of the military code of
the United States, submitted an elaborate report,
which was ordered to be printed, closing with
asking to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the report and petition, which was agreed
to.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, ordered that the
memorial and accompanying papers be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WINTHROP gave notice of "his intention
to ask leave to bring in a bill with the following
title: A bill to authorize the appointment of ap-
praisers at large, and for other purposes.
Mr. BELL gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill authorizing the appoint-
ment of a district judge for the eastern district of
Tennessee.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the survey of the public lands in California, the
granting of donation privileges therein, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pubfic Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to authorize notaries public
to take and certify oaths, affirmations, and ac-
knowledgments in certain cases;" which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
FORTIFICATION OF SHIP ISLAND.
The bill to provide for the fortification of Ship
Island, off the coast of Mississippi, was read.a.
second time, and the Senate proceeded to consider
it as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to appropriate $30,000 for the
fortification of Ship Island.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This bill was
reported in conformity with a resolution which
was referred to the Military Committee at the
last session. The subject is an old one, and I will
not detain the Senateleng by remarks on it. The
subject was brought to the notice of this body in
1845 by a resolution directed to the War Depart-
ment, which, in accordance with that resolution,
ordered a survey to be- made by three engineer
officers. That survey was made, and a report re-
turned to the Department in 1846. At that time
there was no appropriation made for any fortifica-
tion on Dauphin Island, which is at the east aid
of that channel ef internal commerce between the
main shore aud the islands, which lie outside the
coast of Mississippi and Alabama. At that time
the board of officers recommended that Dauphin
Island at one end and Ship Island at the other
should be fortified, and that steam vessels should
be built to protect the interior line of commerce
between the two. Since then an appropriation
has been made for the fortification of Dauphin
