154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
Island, and this bill to make an appropriation for
the fortification of Ship Island was reported at the
last session.
I will merely state at this time that Ship Island j
covers probably the best anchorage as a place of |
refuge in the Gulf of Mexico, one which is so i
sheltered as to be alwavs quiet, and which is ap-
Sreachable by various channels. It was here the
Iritish vessels lay when their army disembarked
to attack New Orleans. It would stand as an ad-
vanced post in any system of defences made for
the protection of the city of New Orleans. It
would be an available harbor of refuge for vessels
cruising in the Gulf that might be crippled between
the mouth of the Mississippi ana the Spanish
Main, so as to be unable to reach a port further to
the east. This harbor would be particularly suited
for the repair of such vessels and the supply of
others, as it would be contiguous to large forests
of the beat timber, and convenient to an extensive
market of the provisions which would be neces-
sary for the support of a yard for the repair and
construction of vessels, and a depot for their sup-
ply when cruising in the Gulf. This channel of
intercourse is very important in peace. It is the
great line of travel, and through it our mails are
transported. It becomes still more important in
war, because the principal naval station of the
Gulf of Mexico is at Pensacola, and which, being
near a country that produces but little to support
a force kept there, necessarily relies on the Valley
of the Mississippi for its produce. That could
only be safely conducted to the naval depot at
Pensacola through this channel of internal com-
merce, for the defence of which the fortification of
Ship Island, in addition to the fortification of Dau-
phin Island, which has already been provided for,
is deemed necessary. It is not believed, if thus
protected, that a hostile fleet would attempt to cut
that line of communication, nor that the object
would justify a squadron which could not be driven
off by a few light-draught steamers, lying under
the protection of the guns of Dauphin Island and
Ship Island, and renewing daily their attacks.
I will not make any further remarks, as this is
and old subject, and has been frequently explained.
Officers of the Navy and engineers of the Army
have examined the subject, and consider the work
one of much importance to the country, and neces-
sary not only for the protection of commerce, but
also for the protection of the city of New Orleans.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
RELIEF "F A POST-OFFICE CONTRACTOR.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of
Ira Day, of Vermont. The bill proposes to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to pay to Ira Day,
of Vermont, the sum of $1,008 90, for services
rendered in the transmission of the mail from
Royalton to Burlington, in the State of Vermont,
from January, 1833, to July, 1837. It appears
that in October, 1834, the Postmaster General di-
rected the discontinuance of the route for one day
in the week, which caused the great mail from
Boston to Montreal to lie over at Royalton from
Saturday evening to Monday morning. At the
solicitation of the postmasters and citizens along
the route, Mr. Day carried the mail seven times a
week as usual; but for the service which he ren-
dered contrary to the direction of the Post Office
Department he received no compensation, and it
is ^proposed to make that compensation by this
Mr. WALKER. If I understand the claim, it
is for damages which a contractor asks for viola-
ting an order of the Post Office Department. I
can see no other merit in it. It is a small matter,
it is true, but it seems to me to involve a princi-
ple. I should like to hear the Senator from Ver-
mont explain the matter.
Mr. UPHAM. I am very sorry that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is not satisfied with the facts
brought forward. At the last session of Congress
a report was made by the chairman of the com-
mittee on a case precisely like this, and a bill
passed allowing $5,000 to an individual, who had
contracted to transport the mail a certain distance
with a two-horse carriage for a certain length of
time. The business increased, so that it became
necessary for him to run a four-horse coach. He
applied to the Government for liberty to do so,
but the Government would not "order it. How-
ever, the business of the country compelled him
to run a foui>horse coach during the period of the
contract, and he obtained an increase of compen-
sation for the service.
This contract was to transport the mail every
day in the week. Mr. Day made preparations for
thus transporting it." He did transport it for a
length of time, until the embarrassed condition of
the Department induced the Postmaster General
to suspend it one day in the week, which caused
the great mail between Boston and Montreal to lie
over thirty-six hours at Royalton, in Vermont.
That was a very great inconvenience to the people
and to all persons who had business connected with
the route, or living upon bhe route. They madeap-
plication to the contractor to go on. They had no
doubtatallthatGovernmentwouldjustify him in so i
doing, and he did ruiva daily mail. TheGovernment
knew perfectly well that Mr. Day was running the
mail every day in the week for the accommoda-
tion of the country, at the request of the people on
the route, and made no objection to it. When
application was made by Mr. Day for the settle-
ment of his accounts ana payment, the Postmaster
General directed him to apply to Congress. The
Postmater General said he could not allow it, be-
cause he had given orders to discontinue the
carriage of the mail one day in the week. Appli-
cation, therefore, is made to the justice of Congress
for the purpose of obtaining the amount. I cer-
tainly see no impropriety in paying the laborer
for his hire. He is worthy of it. It was a very
great accommodation to the public, and I see no
reason why a reasonable compensation should not
be allowed. After this contract expired the Post-
master General contracted for a daily mail. That
is conclusive evidence to my mind that he con-
sidered it necessary.
Again: in this bill is included service for trans-
porting the mail for some two or three months after
the contract expired. It seems to me, judging from
legislation which has heretofore taken place, and
from the reception this claim heretofore received,
and also from the favorable reports of the com mittee,
and as it has never been adversely reported upon,
that on the principles of justice and equity the
Senate will not be disposed to reject it, inasmuch
as they allowed a claim five times as much,
situated precisely like this, at the very last session
of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; it was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
INVALID PENSIONER.
The Senate then proceeded to consider Senate
bill No. 93, being the bill for the relief of Hubert
H. Booley.
The report made from the committee on this
case was read. The petitioner was a wagon-mas- j
ter in the service of the United States during the
war with Mexico, and while in the discharge of
his duty, on or about the 10th day of October,
1847, he received a wound which rendered the
amputation of his arm necessary, and for this it is
proposed by the bill to give him a pension.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, the blank sis to
the rate of pension per month was filled with six-
teen dollars; and a verbal amendment was made
I changing the Department which is authorized to
place his name upon the pension roll to the
" Interior" instead of " War Department.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendment having been concurred in, it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the resolution submitted by Mr. Bradbury
! the 24th December, 1849, in relation to removals
i from office, upon which the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Bright] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Indiana
will not persist in having the resolution considered
to-day. The bill to settle private land claims in
: California was a week ago made a special order
i for this day. I am very desirous that it shall be
i taken up and acted upon, and I would suggest, as
S this resolution is not one of very pressing import-
ance, that the Senator from Indiana will consent
to a postponement of it.
Mr. CASS. 1 would suggest to the honorable
| Senator from California that we always yield to
i Senators under such circumstances. The honor-
'7 able Senator from Indiana has had a right to the
floor for several days, on a very particular subject,
and is now prepared to express his sentiments.- I
hope the Senate will indulge liim with an oppor-
tunity to do so.
Mr. GWIN. I will not press my suggestion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will not claim the attention
of the Senate longer than I deem absolutely neces-
sary to enable me to discharge what I consider an
imperative public duty. I know the impatience of
the Senate to dispose of the resolution before them,
and I feel that, under ordinary circumstances, I
should owe an apology for proposing further to
extend this already protracted debate. When it
was last before the Senate it will be recollected
i that the debate took a direction and led to a series
] of remarks which deservedly call for a reply from
! the State which I in part represent. My colleague
has well said much that I intended to say in an-
: swer to the Senator from Ohio; and if I had known
of his participancy in this debate, and the extent
' to which his published remarks furnish an an-
swer to that Senator, I do not know that I should
have further troubled the Senate on the subject.
But the floor having been given to me, I hope
I neither my colleague nor the Senate will deem
j it the work of supererogation in me to amplify
! somewhat, and also reply to the new points pre-
' sen ted by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Mangum.] Since the introduc-
tion of this resolution by the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] an entire different
state of things exists than existed at the date
of its introduction. The Administration of this
Government was then in the hands of tho^e chosen
> by the people at the ballot-box, and chosen with
j reference to certain pledges, which but a few
. short months after they came into power it mani-
i festly appeared were only made to be violated.
) Among them was the pledge that no officer should
i be removed for mere opinion's sake; no incum-
j bent was to be displaced except on charges pre-
l ferred and sustained. The history of the admin-
istration of General Taylor, from its organization
down to the date of the introduction of this reso-
lution, disclosed a state of things as unexpected as
I it was unjust toward all those who were holding
' offices under the Federal Government at that time.
Removals by the hundred and by the thousand
had been and were continued to be made, under
circumstances, in view of the rule which the chief
I i officer had laid down for his own government,
which carried with them in each case the supposi-
tion of guilt. How natural it was to suppose that
each officer forming a part of this long train of
officials should, as ne passed on to the block, in-
quire of himself, of friends, and of bystanders,
" In what have I offended ? wherein have I sinned ?
who is my accuser ? what is the charge or charges
against me ? and where is the proof that sustains
them?" How natural, in this state of facts, that
the honorable Senator from Maine, and all who
sympathize with him politically, should invoke
the only power known to the Constitution to aid
in bringing to light and to the public eye the
charges upon which each officer had been behead-
ed. And this step was not taken until after many
of us, anxious to know what the files of the dif-
ferent Departments in this city contained against
our respective constituents, were most compla-
cently told, " The Executive gives no reasons for
his conduct. If you are permitted to see the data
upon which we act, be it known that it is rather a
matter of favor and of grace than of right."
The resolution offeredDy the Senator from Maine
under these circumstances was eminently proper,
and the frank, open, and fair dealing of all parties
are indebted to nim not only for this resolution,
but still more for the zeal and ability with which
he has prosecuted his object.
But, sir, there has been a change of circum-
stances. A series of events have occurred in the
history of this Government that no human agency
could control, since the introduction of this reso- ,
lution, which strips it of much of its original im-
portance. Yet, sir, it ought to be considered and
acted upon. Those answerable for this national
breach of faith have passed from power. Not one
| of that high court of impeachment, which sat in
i secret and acted upon ex parte testimony, and tes-
( timony of the most interested character, remains
in power to receive either the voice of approval or
i condemnation at the hands of their countrymen.
I True, the honorable Senator from Ohio is spared
to us in another sphere yet a little while; and
