1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
sorry, truly sorry, am I that he is willing to em- |
ploy any part of his acknowledged talents to the |
justification of such a policy as was pursued by
that ill-fated Administration, of which he was so
distinguished a member. No one knows better
than that Senator that removals and appointments
were made throughout this Union, and in every
State, on the sole ground that the incumbent was
a Democrat, and the appointee a Whig. If the re-
movals and appointments thus made had been put
upon this ground, I do not believe there is a de-
capitated officer, the friend of such an officer, that
would have uttered the Toice of complaint. We
should have pointed to broken pledges and violated
faith to a confiding people, ana warn our country-
men against a repetition of such scenes, on the
ground of their demoralizing tendency; but we
should not have complained of the blow that sev-
ered the Democrats from positions under an ad-
ministration of opposite politics. But, when offi-
cers have been removed under circumstances that
seem to require explanation at the hands of those
who were actors in the work, and when the mon-
strous defence is set up that our friends were dis-
honest, unfaithful, and incompetent, a reply is
demanded from me and from everv Senator who
has had an honest constituent stricken down.
My friend from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] in my ab-
sence, in the course of this debate, (and I thank
him for his manly defence of General Lane and
Colonel Weller,) said that the cases of these gen-
tlemen were cases of peculiar hardship, and he
called the attention of the Senate and of the coun-
try to the fact that no man had ever charged them
with the omission or commission of any official
act bringing them within the pretended rule of the
late Administration, and that these were cases of
naked proscription. To this the Senator from
Ohio replied that the Senator from Iowa was mis-
taken. But it is perhaps proper that I should
quote the Senator's own language. In the course
of the debate upon this subject, on the 12th ultimo,
the Senator from Ohio said:
" The Senator also refers to two cases of removals, Gen-
eral Lane, Governor of Oregon, and Colonel Weller, of
the boundary commission, and speaks of these as cases of
naked proscription. In this he is incorrect. As to Governor
Lane, no report was made by him to the Department jjpr a
very long time after his appointment. Great complaints
were made against him from the Territory of Oregon, and
from more authentic and reliable sources, which the Execu
rive ought to respect. There were, therefore, reasons for
his removal, as well official as political."
Now, sir, as the Senator from Ohio was at the
time of General Lane's removal at the head of that
department of the Government which had super-
vision of General Lane's conduct as Governor of
Oregon and ex officio Superintendent of Indian
Affairs, and as it was the duty of the honorable
Senator to guard and protect the public interests
as connected with our Territories, I ask him to
specify any one act of General Lane's, in either of
the capacities I have named, violative of the laws
or any omission on his part to execute the laws,
and generally to perform his duty, and his whole
duty. He had failed to make a report, says the
honorable Senator. What of that, sir ? Why that
failure? And again, I say, show me the law re-
quiring a report every three months in an unor-
ganized agency. There is no such law. Agents
appointed to Indian tribes, where friendly rela-
tions have Men established, are required to report
n-terly as to their expenditures, but General
e had nothing to expend, and therefore he
had nothing to report. General Lane was vested
with enlarged discretionary powers. By the in-
structions which he received in October, 1848—and
they were the only instructions he received from
the date of his appointment to the day of his dis-
missal—he was directed to organize the Territory.
It was a broad and comprehensive order. As ap
plicable to such an area of wild country as Oregon,
with such diversity of interests, it was a broad
and indefinite authority; and I doubt if the Senator
from Ohio, with all his astuteness and powers of
interpretation, could set legal limits to it. This
authority, as my colleague has well said, required
General Lane to cause an enumeration of all the
white inhabitants there, and he had to do this
without any funds of the Government in hand to
aid him. For that purpose he used his own means,
and such money as he could borrow from the
citizens, as I am informed.
Again, sir: The legislative and judicial depart-
ments were to be organized. Pending Governor
Lane's ceaseless efforts to bring order out of chaos,
seventy out of the one hundred men in station at
Oregon City, who were placed there as a protection
to the American citizeas, deserted and started for
the gold raises in California. Here again we see
displayed that zeal and energy of character winch
has distinguished and marked General Lane's
course from boyhood to manhood. He summoned
the people, under the broad authority of his office,
pursued at the head of the posse, and at the distance
of one hundred miles captured and brought back
to their quarters this recreant branch of the army.
But I need not enlarge further on these points.
All who know anything of the geographical posi-
tion of that Territory and its condition, can appre-
ciate the difficulties and embarrassments that must
have surrounded any officer situated as General
Lane was. But, suppose General Lane had made a
report, which the honorable Senator says it was his
duty to have done, of what service would such a
report have been to the Government? There was
no mail service from Oregon City during General
Lane's administration. Hut two mails reached
Oregon City from the States, and they were brought
from Astoria, a distance of one hundred and fifty
miles, at the cost of Judge Bryant, one of the terri-
torial judges, and Governor Lane. But neither of
these mans contained a fine of instructions from
the Administration. Here, then, we find General
Lane, three thousand miles from the seat of power,
without funds, without instructions, without mails,
as it were, acting as Governor, Indian agent, Com-
mander of our army, Marshal—in short, doing a
little of everything; and it was well done. The
representatives of the people there knew how it was
done, as I will presently show by certain resolu-
tions that were adopted unanimously by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature. And yet, when it becomes
necessary to offer an apology, and to furnish an
excuse for the dismissal of such an officer from the
public service, we are told that "great complaint
was made against him from the Territory, and
from the most authentic and reliable sources,
which the Executive ought to respect." There-
fore, there were reasons for his removal, " as well
official as political."
Now, if there were official reasons existing jus-
tifying the removal of General Lane, who would
probably, yes, certaiuly, know what those reasons
were? The people of Oregon. To prove that
there were no reasons, I shall ask the Secretary of
the Senate to read a preamble and resolutions
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory, after General Lane had been stripped of au-
thority and become « private citizen again. They
were passed, sir, when General Lane was absent
from the place of their silting, when no other influ-
ence coula have operated than the promptings of
honest hearts in a spirit of gratitude toward one
who came among them a stranger, and by his
faithful and exemplary course had proved himself
worthy of the high reputation he had brought with
him, and which he has ever enjoyed among those
who have known him from boyhood to the pres-
ent time. But, as the action of the people as ex-
pressed through these resolutions, needs no em-
bellishing at my hands, let them be read.
The Secretary read the following resolutions:
Be it resolved bythe Legislative Jlssembly of the Terri-
tory oj Oregon, That the course of General Joseph Lane
as Superintendent of Indian Affairs, meets with their fullest
approbation, and that his extraordinary energy in tbat de-
partment merits the thanks of the people of Oregon. That
the just policy, coupled with the great firmness he has ex-
ercised towards the numerous Indian tribes within the Ter-
ritory, have secured the most peaceful relations with them,
and that few could have accomplished so successlully what
his kindness, integrity, and firmness have done, to secure the
bonds of a lasting peace with the tribes surrounding us.
Resolved, That in the discharge of his executive duties
as Governor of Oregon, he has uniformly acted with a view
to the best interests of the whole people, and that his de-
meanor in office h&s afforded no ground of just complaint,
but, on the contrary, has been such as to meet the best ex-
pectations and warmest wishes of the people.
Resolved, That they regret sincerely that the President
of the United States has deprived the Territory of Oregon
of the future services of one so eminently useful, and whose
usefulness was enhanced by the unbounded confidence of
the people over whom he was placed.
Resolved, That the conduct of General Lane in his pri-
vate life has been such as to secure the warmest friendship
of the people, and the purity of his private relations has not
been less than his energy has been great in the discharge of
his official duties. A. L. I.OVEJOY, Speaker.
SAMUEL PARKER, President.
Passed 18th May, 1850.
Now, I ask who made complaints against Gen-
eral Lane, what those complaints were, and to
whom were they directed ?
I feel that I have a right to ask this question
here; for I have inquired at the proper Depart-
ment, and the present incumbent can give me no
information on.the subject. In order that there
may be no mistake on this point, and that it may
go to the country that there is no record evidence
against the conduct of General Lane jus Territorial
Governor of Oregon, but that it rests upon the
statement of the Senator from Ohio alone, I will
read a letter which I have in my possession, first
premising that at the time General Lane was Gov-
ernor of Oregon the duties of Governors of Ter-
ritories, Indian agents, and similar officers, were
under the supervision of the "Department of the
Interior. There had been somewhat of a conflict
between that Department and the Department of
State as to which was entitled to the jurisdiction
of those officers. I understand that latterly it has
been settled in favor of the Department of State,
and therefore that became the proper place to
which I should apply for information. I applied
first to the Department of the Interior, and was
told that there was nothing there against General
Lane, and that if there was anything it would be
found at the Department of State. I will now
read the reply of the Secretary of State to a com-
munication which I addressed to him:
Department or Stats,
Washington, December 28, 1850.
Si*: In reply to your not" m' thw morir'1 g, I have the
honor to state tbat I have caused an examination to ba
made of the proper Olei of this Department, and that no>
complaints or charges have been found therein " against
General J =epll Laue, late Governor of the Territury of
Oregon, and ex officio Superintendent oflndian Affairs."
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
DAN'L WEBSTER.
Hon. Jesse D. Bright, U. S. Senate.
I say, then, Mr. President, that so far as the
records of the country are concerned, there is
nothing on file in the proper Department against
General Lane, and it is, as my friend from Iowa
properly characterized it, an act of sheer, naked
proscription; it is the hewing down of a public
man, who had rendered important services to his
country, for no other cause, for no other reason
than that he was a faithful adherent to Democratic
principles.
Now, sir, in the absence of all direct informa-
tion from the proper Department, I ask any gen-
tleman here, if he knows of any other cause of
General Lane's removal to state it to the Senate.
No answer being given, permit me to state what I
believe to be true in this connection respecting the.
basis of the alleged complaints against General
Lane—anonymous letters to one of the New York
papers, I mean, the Tribune, written, as I learn on
C)d authority, by a personal enemy of General
ne, made so, I believe, because General Lane
would not quietly submit to see him hold the office
of assistant Indian agent, draw the emoluments,
and do no work. Being a man of labor himsilf,
he required all around him to follow his example.
This man was a Mr. Thornton, an itinerant tem-
perance lecturer, who, from his history when last
in this city, taught upon the principle of " do as I
say and not as I do." He is the man, and the
only man, so far as I have heard, that ever uttered
a complaint against General Lane's conduct while
in the discharge of his various official duties in Ore?
gon. Those letters, embellished with the opinions
and comments of one Horace Greeley, whose
name is a by-word and a reproach throughout this
country wherever his. paper and the opinions he
promulgates through it are known, were the " re-
liable" and "authentic" information on which
General Lane was removed.
Let these facts go to the country with the reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Oregon, and I, as on6
of the friends of General Lane, will be content,
as I am quite sure he will be, with the verdict
public opinion may award. Sir, there is not a
man in this Chamber, there is not a man of sense
in the United States, who knows the facts of
this case, that does not believe the removal of
General Lane was, as the honorable Senator from
Iowa properly characterised it, " a case cf naked
proscription." It was the cutting down, under the
most unwarrantable circumstances, of an honest,
upright, qualified officer, merely because he was
a Democrat. Was there a personal, unkind feeli-
ng existing towards General Lane on the part of
those who held the removing power ? I am un-
willing, sir, to believe that the late Executive of
the United States would carry his private griefs
into the Executive mansion. I choose rather to
believe that, like his illustrious predecessor, he
