156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
left them all outside. This is the liberal and
American view of this question. One of the great
and leading attributes of a brave and gallant man
is magnanimity. He d«sires to shew those around
him that he can forgive and forget; and hence I
say that while the late Executive of the United
States may have felt that he had reason to com-
plain of the public and unreserved manner in
which General Lane spoke of his report of the
battle of Buena Vista, at least so much of it as
related to his command—and I have 110 doubt
his remarks were magnified and perverted to the
ear of the President—I will not bring myself
to believe that, in a spirit of personal resent-
ment, the Executive aimed- a blow at General
Lane. I prefer also to believe that when Gen-
eral Taylor made the repeated promises that he
would not make removals for opinion's sake he
meant to fulfill them. But when he made those
pledges, little did he know of the " outside pres-
sure," as it is called, in and about Washington
city. Little did he know of the number of needy, .
hungry expectants that would board the vessel at
New Orleans that was to bring him from Baton
Rouge; that would pour on board at every town
and every wood pile between the place of embark-
ation and the head of navagation of the Monon-
gahela; that would follow him here by coaches
and railroads from every State in this Union.
Little did he expect such a state of things as we
all know existed then, had existed before, and
will ever exist so long as parties remain orga-
nized as they now are. Notwithstanding the
committals made in the letters to which I have re-
ferred, where is there a political teacher ■who took
the field in behalf of General Taylor and advo-
cated the doctrine of " no proscription for opin-
ion's sake," but will tell you, if he be a frank
and candid man, that he did believe the sequel
would prove just what has taken place—an indis-
criminate removal of Democrats throughout the
length and breadth of the land ? Some—the more
elevated and moderate—may tell you, "We had
not supposed the slaughter would have been any-
thing like as general as it has been; we had not
supposed eld and young, male and female, would
have been stricken down; that at least the quiet
interior cross-road postmaster and postmistress,
and the daily laboring employees in the arsenals,
ddok-yards, custom-houses, and in the public
grounds «f the Capitol would have been spared."
But there is no active partisan that will not say ;
that he believed, before the election, what has taken !
place since, in reference to removals and appoint- j
ments would take place, and now he justifies it. j
Recollect, Mr. President, I am not complaining ;
of the removal of my political friends, wnen that
removal is made under the regular rules and arti-
cles of political warfare. I complain of the pledges r
made to obtain the votes of the honest yeomanry
of this country, and when their votes are obtained
and the party is in power, that every pledge is
violated, and all the evils of bitter party recrimi-
nation and retaliation are again brought into action.
There is a moral involved in the history of the
campaign of 1848 and the incidents which followed
it, which is well worthy of the consideration of all
good men of all parties. These pledges and this
violation of thom were a part and parcel of a sys-
tem that has brought this country to the verge of
ruin.
The late crisis through which the country has
just passed had its origin in an unscrupulous effort
on the part of the Whig party to obtain power.
The North and West—yes, the abused North and
West—were visited by southern statesmen, and
told in the most inspiring and eloquent language
that they eschewed and abhorred the one-man
power; that the will of the people should be the
supreme law of the land; that if a majority of Con-
gress passed an inhibitory statute on the subject
of slavery, as applicable to our newly-acquired
Territories, they had no doubt of its constitution-
ality, and that one of the candidates, though a
southern man, would not hesitate to approve such
an enactment. And yet, when the period for
action arrives, when these questions have to be
settled, these faithless teachers, or those who rep-
resent them, rise up here and declare that such
legislation, would be political heresy, and if at-
tempted to be enforced, would be ipso facto a dis-
solution of this glorious Union. But how can ihe
honest yeomanry of this country, in the free States,
be censured under such a state of things for the
tenacity with which they have adhered to their
Opinions on.this subject?
I have referred to this topic and Made this di-
gression, merely and solely to warn the great party
to which I belong from again being misled by the
syren song of "no-party," or being seduced into
the support of any candidate for the first office on
earth, who has not by word, thought, and deed
proved himself a faithful disciple of the immortal
Jefferson and Jackson; and to warn them against
ever taking the promise of a political adversary in
consideration of their votes. All experience proves
that our country and her best interests suffer by
infidelity to Democratic principles.
Here, Mr. President, permit me to say a few
words respecting the individual first appointed in
the place of General Lane. He was my own
townsman. He was politically opposed to me,
but he was a gentleman, a man of acknowledged
talent, a man of a high sense of honor. He was
no applicant for the place, and was as much as-
tonished to hear that it was offered to him under
General Taylor's administration as General Lane
was to hear that it was offered to him under the
administration of his predecessor. I have no doubt
the honorable Secretary of the Interior believed at
that time that the removal of General Lane would
strike the public ear most ungratefully, and that
public opinion would not sanction it, particularly
in the State of which he was a citizen. I suppose
he considered that the weight of the blow was to
he lessened somewhat by selecting in his stead one
of the acknowledged leaders of the Whig party in
that State—a maa who had always bared his arm
and taken the field whenever Whig interests were
at stake. But being a man of sagacity and a man
of shrewdness, he very properly declined it, but he
did not decline it until he came to this city. I will
venture to surmise in part what he said, and if I
misrepresent him the honorable Senator from Ohio
will correct ine. I think he represented the re-
moval of General Lane as one of the unfortunate
acts of the Administration, and that while the
Whig party had been struggling for ascendency in
Indiana, with some hope of success, this blow
dashed away all hope. Hence he very modestly
declined accepting the office.
But when was this removal made? It was made
on the 8th of August, a few days after our annual
elections were over. And here I. must give my
honorable friend from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] a
passing notice. He thought those elections of so
much consequence that he addressed a written cir-
cular to the leading men of his party in that State,
informing them that their prospect of appointment
to office depended greatly on the number of Whi^s
they elected to the House of Representatives. He
told them that while General Taylor was very
friendly disposed towards all good men of his par-
ty, he could not furnish them all with place, and
that the amount of patronage they received must
depend upon the strength they should give him in
Congress. They returned but one Whig.
The removal of Gen. Lane was postponed until
that election was over; and I will only suppose—
the circumstances, I think, warrant the supposi-
tion—that that postponement was made to pre-
vent any prejudice to the cause of the Administra-
tion in that State; for, had it been known at the
time of that election that General Lane had been
removed, under the circumstances under which
that removal took place, I hazard nothing in say-
ing that the cause of the Administration would
have been greatly weakened.
Having now disposed of so much of the re-
marks of the honorable Senator from Ohio as re-
lates to the removal of General Lane, and having
shown, I think, that there is really no data, no
evidence upon which to base the broad remark
that he made, I conclude what 1 have to say in
relation to General Lane's conduct in Oregon.
Now, sir, I pass to what was said by the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Mant-
gi'm.] That honorable Senator, not satisfied him-
self, as I suppose, with tiie reasons given by the
Senator from Ohio for the course pursued by the
late Administration towards Gen. Lane, goes fur-
ther, and assigns another and a different reason,
which, he says, if his information be true, was
sufficient to authorize the removal of Gen. Lane.
I will read an extract from the remarks of the
Senator from North Carolina, delivered in this
Chamber on the 18th ultimo:
" fie has hfcn called thI■ ' Marion ' of the Me.viean war.
If he deserves that reputation, as I hope he does, it reflects
a degree of honor upon his native State, lu reference to
his removal from office, I would say that, according to my
construction of Executive duty and'Execunve telf-rospecf,
there was no alternative left with the President ol the
United States but to remove him. Sir, if jou were the
President of Uie I'nited Stales, or if I were ihe President,
neither of us, I am very sure, would hesitate to turn out
from a position so highly honorable and responsible any
individual who acted as 1 "understand General Luii; to have
acted. It will he remembered that as far back as the battle
of Buena Vista there were complaints made of some of the
troops in the field. It seems to ha\e been understood
or inferred that General Taj lor cooperated with those who
expressed an opinion detrimental to the reputation of some
of those troops. My recollection of this transaction is
this, and I may stand corrected by any gentleman who
knows the facts better: that alter the appointment of Gen.
Lane as Governor of Oregon, for which po-ition all his
qualifications may have lined linn, he made a publication
in an eminent degree vituperative of the late President of
the United States. My opinion is, that that publication
went to the extent of impeaching the reputation of Gen.
Taylor as a private gentleman.
"Sir, I suppose that if any man, livmar or dead, in thw
country, was above all imputations upon his personal lionoi
or affecting his veracity, General Tiyior had that character
as high as any man ever known in this country, the Father
of his Country alone excepted. If that impeachment of his
veracity was made, it was such a reflection upon his per-
sonal honor, and if he should have retained in an office so
high, dignified and responsible as the one held by General
Lane, any individual that attempted to inflict Mich an inju-
ry upon liim, he would have lost the respect of many of the
best friends he had in the country.
As to the report, X know nothing about it. As to Geu-
eial Lane's merits, I ain proud to think them \eiy high. I
would not remove a pebble from the foundation on which
he stands, so as to weaken his position beioie the public.
But men of that peculiar temperament, who can distinguish
themselves on the field of battle, may indulge in remarks
that are highly reprehensible, and of which they w ould be
ashamed in their cooler moments. I put this witter upon
this ground: if, in any publication of his, General Lane
went to the extent of impeaching the honor of General
Taylor as a private gentleman, upon the score of his ve-
racity, then ttie President owed it to himself, owed it to liis
position, owed it to his friends, owed it to a proper degree
of self-respect, to dispense with the services ol that flicer."
In reply to the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, I stated, what I now repeat, after due
inquiry as to the facts, that General Lane made
no publication against the integrity or veracity of
the distinguished and gallant officer in command
of the American troops at the battle ofBuena Vista.
After General Lane's return home, and pending
the presidential canvass, he made several public
addresses to his fellow-citizens, some of which I
had the pleasure of hearing, intended mainly as
a defence of himself and his compeers in arms from
his own State. He never, to my knowledge, made
a publication against General Taylor. He did not
in his public addresses impeach the veracity of
that officer. Sir, I might say, in all truth, that,
to the best of my recollection, ne spoke in the most
respectful manner of his general conduct as an of-
ficer and a man. There is one thing wherein he
did complain of that officer, and that complaint
was general among my constituency, and is yet a
cause of complaint with many. After General
Taylor had made his report of the battle of Buena
Vista to the Secretary of War, no mention being
made of the reasons which prompted the retreat of
the second regiment of Indiana volunteers, General
Lane called upon the Commanding General and
asked a correction of his report in one particular.
He informed General Taylor that, notwithstand-
ing his men had stood a fire of twenty rounds;
notwithstanding they had thirty-five shot down in
their ranks, and as many more wounded, and
many of them mortally, still they did not flinch or
yield their ground until ordered to do so by the col-
onel of the regiment. Every person, I think, who
knew the position of that regiment, will say that
the order ou^ht to have been given long before it
appears to have been; but when given, the men
were bound by every rule of military discipline to
obey.
Though not skilled myself in the art of war,
and having no personal experience in the field, all
my reading teaches me, all history proves, that
veterans and regulars will go out of action in per-
fect order, and return again to the charge not ap-
parently dispirited by retreat, while volunteers,
equally as brave, often become panic-stricken, and
retire in utter confusion, and generally all effort to
rally them proves fruitless. Let it he borne in
mind that the second Indiana regiment had the
post of danger assigned them, as the result proves,
from the number of witnesses left on the ground,
which, as the honorable Senator from Mississippi
on one occasion said, " never lie.:: This regi-
ment was stationed in advance of any other, facing
a heavy battery, and in position to l,^> raked
