1851.
iritij CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
157
obliquely from the musketeers of the enemy.
Many of them were on the field for the first time;
they r.-ere mostly young men; and yet they stood,
facing fearful odds as to numbers; exposed to a
frout and a raking side fire, without faltering, but
advancing, until they had discharged twenty
rounds, and lost thirty-five killed and as many
wounded. Sir, there was not a coward heart beat
in the breast of one of those men. Overcome by
the brute force of numbers, unsupported at the
time by other regiments, they still fought on, until
ordered to retreat, and the order given, once,
twice, yea, thrice, as the testimony before the
court of inquiry proves, before the regiment gave
way. Had they retreated in order, instead of
confusion, they would have received, as I contend
they now merit, honor, for having done their duty
as valiantly as any men on that oattle-field. The
confusion was not the fault of the men, but re-
sulted from the unskilfulness of the officer who
ordered the retreat..
As to the conduct of General Lane on that oc-
casion, I am content to read the opinion of those
who witnessed it, and those whose duty it was to
make it a part of the history of the battles. I
will only refer to the reports of General Taylor
and General Wool, and point to the evidence he
bears on his person. No man, I believe, has ever
breathed a suspicion against his courage and bra-
very, even to daring.
In relation to the conduct of the second Indiana
regiment I will read from the official report of
General Taylor, dated " Headquarters, Army of
Occupation, Agua Nueva, March 6th, 1847:"
"Tlie second Indiana and second Illinois regiments
formed this part of our line, the former covering three pieces
ef light artillery, under the command of Captain O'Brien—
Bn^dier General Lane being in the immediate command-
In osier to bring his men within effective ranee, General
Lane ordered the artillery and the second Indiana regiment
. forward. The artillery advanced within musket range of a
heavy body of Mexican infantry, and was served against it
with great effect, but without being able to check its ad-
vance. The infantry ordered to its support had fallen back
in disorder, being exposed, as well as tlie batter}', not only
to a severe fire of small arm- from the front, but also to a
murderous crossfire of grape and canister from a Mexican
battery on the left. Captain O'Brien found it impossible to
retain his position without support, bat was only able to
withdraw two of his pieces, all the horses and cannoniers
of the third piece being killed ordisabled. The second In-
diana regiment, which had Allien back as stated, could not
be (allied, and took do further part in the action, exccpt a ;
handful of men, who, under tlie gallant Colonel Bowles,
joined the Mississippi regiment, and did good service, and
those fugitive-; who, at a late period in the tlay, assisted in
defending the train and depot at Buena Vista."
I will now read a part of the report of General
Lane himself:
" The men under my command actually discharged eighty
and some ninety rounds of cartridges at tlie enemy during i
the day. The second regiment of my command, which
opened the battle on the plain in such gallant style, deserves
a passing remark. I shall auempt to make no apology for
their retrofit, for it wjv  their duty to stand or die tn the last
man, until they received order* to retires but I desire tn call
your attention to one fact connected with this affair. They
remained in their position in line, receiving the fire of three
or four thousand infantry in front, exposed at the same time 1
en the left flank to a most desperate raking fire, from the
enemy's battery* posted within point blank shot, until they
had deliberately discharged twenty rounds of cartridges at
the enemy."
I will call the attention of the Senate to an ex- 1
tract from the report of Captain O'Brien, to show '
the position in which the Indiana regiment was
placed. He says:
" On the morning of the 22d instant I was placed on the
elevated plain which afterwards became the battle ground,
in command of three pieces of light artillery, viz: one
twel ve pounder,one six-pounder gun, and one four-pounder
Mexican gun. No opportunity was offered for the use of
these pieces until the morning of the 23d instant, when I
pushed the how itz.t r close to the mountain and fired a few
shells at a body of Mexicans that were advancing along its
slope, in order to get possession of the head of the ravine
near which our troops were then posted. Finding the ele-
vation distance so great as to cause some ef my shots to be
wasted, I discontinued the fire and moved my battery to
the position assigned it in line. During this time a battery
of heavy Mexican artillery wai playing (gainst me, at snch
a distance that it was impossible for me to attempt to return
its fire. Soon after this I was directed by Brigadier Gen-
eral Lane to move my battery forward in order to check the
advance of some lancers, who were reported to be coming
np the ravine nearest the enemy's line. The second regi-
ment of Indiana volunteers were entered.to support me. ;
" On arriving at the point indicated, I found myself with}o ,
musket range of about three hundred Mexican inftiitry,
while their battery, three kunflred yards on my left, W4K
posting in heavy discharges of grape and canister, t
opened the fire against the infantry and lancers with tre-
mendous effect. Evcrj* shot, whether canister or shell,
seemed to tell. The enemy wavered and ft'l back. I ad-
vanced on him about fifty yarda. He was strongly rein-
forced, until, in fact, I found hit maia body pressing on me.
The pieces were admirably served, but failed any longer to
I check his advance. Every gap in the Mexican ranks was
i Closed as so«it aa made. On looking round at this ftiouent,
I discovered that the tremendous cross-fire of the eneiny
had forced the regiment ordered to my support to foil biek.
Deeming it useless to remain alone, and sacrifice my pieces
needlessly, I waited till the enemy came still cltaer, Arid
gave tlie order to limber up and retire. I found that all the
horses and all the cannoniers of the Mexican four-pounder
i were either killed or disabled. The other pieCes were in
i but little better condition. I succeeded, however, in with-
drawing them, and retired to our line. On arriving there,
1 I had not a canftomer to work the guns—all had been dis-
abled or killed. Finding it impossible to replace them,
either from the other batteries or from any other source, I
was compelled to join your battery, which was guarding
the pass at the foot of the heights."
Now, sir, it must be remembered that at tlie
, time General Taylor made his report, and at the
time General Lane made his, it was not known
that an order to retreat had been given to the sec-
ond Indiana regiment. The impression prevailed
that these men had broken ground without any
order from any officer in command. General Lane,
for the purpose of setting himself and his com-
mand right before the country, preferred charges
against Colonel W. Bowles, of the second Indiana
volunteers, and a court of inquiry was called, at
! Colonel Bowles's request, to investigate his. con-
, duct in the battle of 23d February, 1847, between
' the forces of General Taylor and General Santa
Anna, in Mexico. That court was ordered on the
j 12th of April, 1847, and it was composed of Colo-
( nel Bissell, of the second Illinois volunteers; Colo-
nel Wetherford, of the first Illinois volunteers,
and Lieutenant Colonel McCook, third Ohio vol-
unteers; and Second Lieutenant Franklin, of the
Topographical Engineers, was appointed Judge
Advocate. By that court of inquiry much tes-
timony was taken. I will read an extract from
the testimony of Lieutenant Colonel Haddon, of
the second Indiana volunteers, to show that the
order to " cease firing and retreat" was given:
" The regiment had stood firing upon tlie enemy twenty
or thirty minutes, I should think, when I made a turn near
the centre of the regiment to go Jo tlie right, and, while riding
to the right, I heard a command given to ' cease firing,'
winch I judged to be from Colonel Bowles. I east my eye
towards Colonel Bowles, (he was about ten paces from
me,) and heard hiin give the command, 'cease firing:'
again, while I was looking at Mm, and immediately after-
wards, the command to ' retreat.'"
Without reading all the charges and specifica-
; tions, I will read em extract from the opinion of
1! the court thereon, after hearing the testimony:
" The Court, after diligently and faithfully inquiring into
I the matter, report, from the evidence given, the following
1 as the facts ot the case, and their opinion thereon:
" Statement op Facts.—In reference to the firstcfearge,
it appears from the evidence that Colonel Bowles was igno-
, rant or the company, battalion, and brigade drills. And that
the manffiuvre of the evening of the 22d February, indicated
' in the third specification of that charge, was indicative of
ignorance of the battalion drill.
" In relation to the second charge, it appears from the
evidence before the court that CoIOiiel Bowles gave the or-
der ' cease firing, and retreatthat General Lane was pres-
ent, and that he had no authority from General Lahe to
give such order.
"It also appears that Colonel Bowles retreated alter hav-
ing given such command, but that be did not shamefully
run away from the enemy, nor did he hide himself in any
ravine from the enemy or from his regiment-
"It appears, too, that Colonel. Bowles dismounted from
his horse in rear ot his regiment; but there is no evidence
to show that he did so to protect himself front the enemy.
Colonel Bowles gave the order with the intention of
making the regiment leave its position, but the court does
not find that he had been ordered particularly to maintain
, and defend it.
" Opinion With reference to the first charge the court
is of opinion that Colonel Bowles is ignorant ot the duties of
colonel, but would remark that ill health, and absence en
i account of ill health, have in some degree prevented him
from fitting himself for the duties of that office. The court
is of opinion that at the time Colonel BoWles gave the order
' retreat' he was nnder the impression that As artillery had
1 retreated, when in fact the battery at the tine had gone to
an advanced station, under the orders of General Lane.
Which orders had not been communicated to Colonel
Bowles."
I suppose, Mr. President, that that disastrous
event was to be attributable to this fact. These
men, as the testimony shows, \fere doing their
; duty. They had not flinched at any point, but
they mistook the movement of the battery which
they had been supporting.
All who know anything of the history of that
battle know that it was the artillery that saved the
j fortunes of the day. I say the removal of that
! battery at the time, and undtr the circumstances,
1 and the not communicating that fast to the officer
i I in command of that regiment, wfea the sole cause
of that disaster; for the history and conduct of the
'■ regiment up to that time prove that they did their
j duty as valiantly as any mea.
KWttttftt ahS tnwtjfc tl?T^mWe cofiMiei Bowies
evinced no #al« OTpe/soHU cGtHJfeefr Wwrtty, but ftittt he
did manifest a want of caMii# and judgment as a com-
mander."
I repeat, sir, that wheh General Taylor made his
report to the Secretary of War, the court of in-
quiry had not been hild, and it was not known
tnat the order hud been given to " retreat." If he
had known the facts which wfcre subsequently dis-
closed, I do not believe that he would nave made
such a report. After the court of inquiry had sat,
General Lane went to General Taylor and desired
him to make a supplemental report, but he refused
to make any correction, for what reason I am not
informed. Then Genera} Lane did complain of
General Taylor, and vindicated the men under his
command. But 1 believe the Senator from North
Carolina iamistaken in supposing that General Lane
assailed General Taylor's v«faeity or his integrity,
and that he said nothing that afforded a good
reason for his removal.
j Sir, I will not trouble the Senate with further
testimony en the Subject, General Lane stands
vindicated before the world. Follow him from the
time he entered the enemy's country until he
turned his back upon a conquered foe, and you
find a aeries of achievements worthy the flag he
defended, and not excelled by any officer, old or
young, above or below his rank, in the regular or
volunteer army. I know what I say on this point.
I measure my words well, after having traced a
history of his campaigns from the time he entered
Mexico until he left it. The picture is not too
highly colored. Others may have figured more con-
spicuously in print and lithographically; hut when
it comes to an active, practice! use of courage,
energy,' bone, muscle, and mind, I set up General
Jo. Lane as a competitor for any prize of which
American patriotism may prompt the offer. Theae
remarks I have deemed due the subject and the
occasion. They have been made in no spirit of
unkindness towards any one, but in vindication of
history, as connected with the name of General
Lane and his companions in arms, who need no
defence where they are known.
Mr. EWING. I am very- well content, Mr.
President, with the two cases which the honorable
Senator has brought forward, specially to teat the
propriety of the course of the late Administration
with respect to the removals made. I agree that
they are fair eases; that both of them present fair
tests, belonging, as they do, to different classes;
and I undertake to say that I shall be able to sat-
isfy the Senate—as I trust I have already—not
only that Colonel Weller was very properly re-
moved, but that General Lane was also very prop-
erly removed. I did not expect thifc question to
come up to-day; and documents which! shall have
occasion to refer to are in the hands of another
Senator not now present. If the documents were
present, afid I had expected that , this case would
come up, I should have been entirely willing to
pay my respects to the Senator from Indiana
to-day. I find it necessary, however, to ask that
the further consideration of the subject may be
postponed until Monday: next. I move, therefore,
that it be postponed and made die special order for
that day.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall not objeet to the
postponement, although I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not charge me with neglecting to press
the resolution.
Mr. EWING. Oh, no; not at all. I will say
nothing more about that. [Laughter.]
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
CAtTfOitMA land tiTLfis.
Mr. GWIN moved to postpone the special
ohlets of the day, and take up Senate btll 346, to
ascertain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California, with the amendments reported
thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN" moved tb amend by Inserting in the
3d section, 7th line, the words following:
"Ana the principles, so ftir as they are applicable, which
are recognised by the act of Congress, approved May 93,
i«ae< entitled ' An aet supplementally to an tct or several
acta providing for the aenientfnt afiroiMtan of private
land minis }p Florida. *
Mr. 6WIN. Mr. President,Twill stale briefly
my reasons for proposing this amendment. In the
first place, the act of the 2Sd May, 1828, revives ,
the act of the 26th May, 1824, passed in reference
to land Maims in Missouri and Arkansas. This
