148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
bill provides, in the seventh section, that the Su-
preme Court, in acting on cases taken to that tri-
bunal, shall lie governed by the principles of the
act of the 16«h \lny, 1324, so far as tliev are ap-
plicable. I wish also the action of the commis-
sioners and the District Court, as well as the Su-
preme Court, to be in accordance with the princi-
ples of this act, so far as they are applicable. But
then another important provision is the act of 23d
May, 1838, which 1 wish to have revived and en-
forced before the Board of Commissioners and
District Courts, in part repealing portions of the
act of 26th Mav, 1834, and also extending the
power conferred by it. These provisions are
contained in sections eight, nine, and eleven of
the law. Section eight repeals the onerous pro-
visions of the law of 1834, which required the
claimant to pay the costs of appeal when the de-
cision given was in his favor; also, that portion of
the laws requiring "claimants to make adverse
claimants parties to their suits, or to show the
court what adverse claimants there may be to the
land claims of the United States." Section nine
limits the appeal to claims that exceed a league
square, unless the Attorney General thinks the
decision of the court below to be erroneous. Sec-
tion eleven makes it lawful for the President to
employ assistant counsel, if in his opinion the
public interest shall require it. This I consider a
very necessary provision of this bill, when we
take into consideration the immense amount in
issue in some of the claims that we know will be
contested. The ablest counsel in America will be
employed by the claimant, and the district attorney
may find it impossible to do justice to the interests
of the United States in these cases and perform
the other indispensable duties of h's office. It is a
discretionary power given to the President, and he
will be responsible if he exercises it without ne-
cessity, thus increasing the public expense. •
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I propose to
offer an amendment to the bill which has been
presented by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwrsr,] which is, to strike out the whole of that
bill, and substitute a totally different system. Of
my intention to do this I gave notice at the last ses-
sion. I then also stated to the Senate that since
the barbarous times when Great Britain was con-
quered by William the Conqueror, and when all the
lands of the country were considered as belonging
to the conquerors, and especially in the age in which
we live, there never had been an instance of a coun-
try, conquered by arms or ceded by authority, in
which the land titles of the whole country were
arraigned in a mass, making the whole invalid
until proved to be good. I stated that to be a
principle unknown in the civilized world at this
day. And 1 then stated that I regretted that such
a principle had been permitted to take root in the
United Slates, as in the case of the Louisiana and
Florida land titles: and I stated my regVet that the
fentlemen from California who have brought this
ill, should have felt themselves so far influenced
by what was being donenn the cases of Louisiana
and Florida as to conform to the idea of bringing
in a board of commissioners, before whom all the
titles of the country are to be arraigned, and to be
held invalid, and to continue to be held invalid until
they run the gauntlet of three different lawsuits;
tot the gauntlet is to be run, and, in every case
and every time, before a tribunal appointed by the
United States Government itself, which the other
party have not the right even to object to, which
they would have in a trial at lav in the selection
of a jury.
I took occasion then to bring before the Senate
(his case, and I stated that such a principle as that
applied to California or New Mexico, would be
C'rfectly equivalent to a general confiscation of
nded property in the country, and that of the
two it would be more merciful at once to pass an
act of genera] confiscation, so as to permit the peo-
ple to go to work in some other way to obtain
land, and to save tlje expenses, anxieties, and, I
believe I may say, the horrors of going through
three lawsuits for their property, and one of these
lawsuits three thousand miles from where they
live. I brought before the Senate and the country
M strongly as I cou'd at the last session, and at
least supported an amelioration in that one of the
Pans w.itch was laid before the Senate, which un-
dertook to make the first decision in favor of the
Claimant valid against the United States, I thought ;■
: mvself that it was but a small matter when the Uni- :
ted Stales have brought up claimants before a board
of its own constituting, men appointed by them-
selves and paid by themselves, and when this board
had given a decision in favor of a claimant, that it
should stand. But the substitute which is before
us goes the whole length of running the gauntlet of
three trials. And what must be the result? It
must be that the claimant, except in some great
cases, and cases in which probably some American
is arraigned—so much are the French and Spanish
afraid of lawsuits—that the parties will surrender
their claims rather than undertake to defend them
through three lawsuits. I have deemed it particu-
larly.hard to apply these principles to any people,
and especially to the people af California, who were
induced by the most liberal assistance on the part
of the Crown of Spain to go there and accept these
lands as a gracious gift. The people were induced
to go there, sir, ana accept these lands as a gra-
cious gift; they were offered great inducements to
accept of them. They received assistance from
the Crown of Spain, or from the Government, in
taking possession of the lands, and cultivating
them, besides direct aid; and afterwards they were
exempted from contributions for a certain number
of years—even from the payment "of church tithes,
a religious obligation; and military stations—
prssidia, as they are called—Prasidia in the Latin
—were established for the purpose of protecting
the settlers in their rights.
Now, sir, these people, after having been in- '
duced to accept these lands as a gracious gift, after
having been paid to accept them, and being ex-
empt from contributions for several years, in the
course of events fall under the dominion of the
United States; and at the same moment when we
with two strokes of the. pen pass off ninety-five
millions of acres of public land—call it a hundred
millions—for the odd five millions will be made up
in counterfeits—equal to four States as large as the
State of Ohio, all gone in two acts—at this moment
these threefold trials are to be brought against the
people of California, to take away the lands which
they were induced to accept from the Crown of
Spain, and which they have held for one, two,
and three generations.
Sir, the Crown of Spain was a despotism, but
there are some respects in which it was the kind-
est and most paternal of Governments, and one of
these was in giving land to every citizen according
to his pursuit and station in life. If he was in a ] i
town or village he received a portion of land of a j;
certain number of varas square—a vara is a little ! j
less than a yard, or three geometrical feet—and j'
they gave him an outlet in the common. That j
was for an inhabitant of a village or pueblo. After '
that, they gave to farmers larger tracts—from one
league to eleven—which were proper for cultivation,
taking care that they should have land, if there was
such, which was cultivable and fit for cultivation by
rain which fell upon it. Others cultivated by irriga-
tion , and where water was necessary the water was
divided so that every one should have his propor-
tion. These lands were called irrigable lands, and
the others which were watered by rain were called
tie temporal. Besides that, they gave ranchos, for
raising cattle, consisting of large districts, but not
quite as large as were formerly given in these
colonies; not quite as large as Maryland gave
Lord Calvert, or Pennsylvania gave to Wil-
liam Penn: but what seems to be large com-
pared to oui* forty-acre grants. They gave lands,
sir, and it is curious that there were more mini-
mums than maximums. It was more frequent
that the grant declared that the grant should not be
less than it should not be more; and under the limi-
tation of more, the ordinary grant for the purposes
of raising stock or for a raticho, was eleven sitios, .
A sitio was one league square, and this was the j
maximum which a colonial or local authority could j
grant. % '
The Spanish Crown throughout Spanish Amer- j
ica, besides all those inducements to get settlers, :
had a class of settlements to be made by what ,
the Spanish law calls an empretsario, which may
be translated contractor, and this contractor
was to receive a large compensation in land for
procuring persons to come and settle. on the
land. Usually a large district was appropriated
to the contractor, out of which he was to grant so
much to every settler, and then he was to have
fives itios, five tracts of one league square, for every
hundred families that he could get to settle upon
1 the land. So anxious was the Spanish Govern-
ment to forward the settlement, that, so far from
selling the land to the settler, it was not only given
to him, but he was induced to take it by helps
given to the poor in the way of exemption from
tithes to the church, as well as from contributions
for a certain number of years; and then, after all,
there would be a class of contractors employed to
get people to go and settle there, paying them at
the rate of five leagues square for every hundred
families procured to settle upon the land.
Now, sir, when we have got possession of such
a people as this, how strange it is to find ourselves
arraigning at once every title, holding every title
to be a fraud against the United States, until these
parties shall prove in three different courts, and
one of them the Supreme Court of the United
States, that they were not frauds against the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. President, when was California settled ?
About the time of the commencement of our Revo-
lution. I speak of Upper California, not the penin-
sula, which was settled long before that day. But
I speak of that California which is now ours. It
was settled contemporaneously with the breaking
out of our Revolution, about contemporaneously
with the settlement of Kentucky. Now suppose
a case which might be analogous: suppose Ken-
tucky had either just now been acquired by us by
cession, or that she had joined us as Texas did,
or that she had been ceded to us by some foreign
power. In either case suppose any power should
undertake to enforce upon Kentucky what we
now propose to undertake to enforce upon Califor-
nia, requiring every citizen to go before a tribunal
and make good his title to his land, and then go
before another tribunal and make it good there,
and after that make him come before the Supreme
Court of the United States, and if he did not make
it good in all three cases,'take away his land and
give it to the public. Suppose we undertake to do"
such a thing as that in Kentucky—all the time em-
ploying lawyers to attack his title. Sir, we would
nave a revolt in which the men of Kentucky would
whip these United States. That is what we would
have. Yes, sir, they would whip the United States,
the whole of them. I say then, sir, that such a
system as this cannot be carried out, except it is
against a feeble people, too feeble to resist; such
as may be unable to resist the power of those who
want their substance and may be crushed by the
Government. It cannot be done with respect to
any other people than those thus situated.
The question comes up for the United States to
decide, whether or not they will undertake to go
against the interests of the people of California in
that way. There may be a hundred thousand
fieople there for aught I know, who are without
and, and want land, and some, but surely not
many, may be willing to take the land of the few
old settlers. The United States is strong enough
to crush every man within the State of California,
and that people cannot help themselves. The only
resource which they have is that which I have
seen too many have recourse to in the State of
Missouri, when harassed by such boards as the
United States have established; boards who pay
court to the Federal Government, insuring tneir
own promotion by raising the cry of frauds against
the United States in grants made before the United
States were born. That is what we have seen
there. Sir, the question has to come up, and I
mean to make it before the American people,
whether or not the old settlers of California are to
be served in that way. I do not care how few
they are who have claims now, or how many they
are who want their property; I for one mean to
make a stand for them, ana not put them to the
resource of flying to obtain new grants of land from
Mexico, as I have seen them do, with curses and
execrations upon the American Government, tell-
ing them to take the land which the King of
Spain had given. I want to see whether the
United States is going to sustain them. I mean
to bring up the question, that it may be fully
and entirely settled. Mr, President, I say that
no people, unless they are entirely too weak to
fight, would submit to what we propose, and some
who have been too weak to fight, have revolted
under such circumstances; nay, under a slight
suspicion that such things were to be forced upon
them. Sir, the most terrible revolt ever seen in
the annals of the human race, perhaps, was that
which occurred in October, 1799, in the city of
