160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jtill. 3.
is at all times delicate, and their duties arduous.
They, if any members of Congress, are entitled
to liave extended to them the generous confidence
of their associates. Forced by the necessities of
their State to bring forward many and important
measures, the passage of which are essential to
the prosperity of their constituents, and subjected
to be assailed at home by jealous rivals and per-
sons whose private interests may clash with the
legislation for the benefit of the State at large:
charged with doing too little by some, and too
much by others; and, no matter how pure their
motives, falsely assailed by base and unscrupulous
calumniators, with legislating for their own ben-
efit, a member of Congress from a State just ad-
mitted into the Uni'on has to pass through an
ordeal that no man can appreciate until he tries it.
I do not wish to be understood as complaining of
the charges made against my colleagues and myself
by the Senator from Missouri. I am prepared to
meet and refute them. I am not here the repre-
sentative of any separate portion of the people of
California—the land-owners, or those who own
no land. I represent the State as a whole, and I
intend, to the best of my ability, to do justice to
my constituents. The land claimants shall have
full and ample justice at my hands. They shall
have, so far as it is in my power to give it to them,
the fuH benefit of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
and the usages and customs of the Governments
by whom these claims were granted. Like other
citizens of our country, they must abide by the
decisions of our judicial tribunals, and if their
claims are founded in justice they have nothing
to fear.
1 shall now procee4 to examine the arguments
of the Senator from Missouri, and ask of the Sen-
ate an impartial decision between us. To most of
us who have turned our attention to the subject of
land titles in California, the arguments the Senator
has used to-day are quite familiar. This is not
the first time he has used them here. Near three
years ago a similar train of argument was used by
him in opposition to a bill introduced by the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands. At the
last session he was stopped in the midst, no the
beginning of a similar argument by the hour of
adjournment, which postponed the passage of the
bill to settle these claims to this session, although
California was suffering for the want of it then.
The Senator from Missouri, no doubt from a
conscientious discharge of his duty, has, in my i
opinion, interposed more obstacles to the settle- !
meat of land claims in California than any or every 1
other member of either House of Congress. He
has defeated every bill that has heretofore been
brought before the Senate on this subject. If he
had, with his great experience and acknowledged
talents, three years ago, aided in perfecting the bill
from the Committee on Public Lands, instead of
visiting it with his fierce denunciation, it might
then have passed, and most, if not all, of the Cal-
ifornia land claims would have been settled for-
ever, to the incalculable benefit of the people of
that country: and the same may be said of this
bill, defeated by him at the last session. I hope it
will not meet with the same fate now, and that the
Senate will proceed to discharge its duty to the
country by the passage of this or some other meas-
ure, by the operation of which these land claims
may be finally settled, and the people of Califor-
nia, may know what portion of that country be-
longs to private individuals, and what portion is
public domain. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON. It is my intention from this
time forth that no statement made about me in
point of fact shall pass upon this floor. That is
ray intention. Now, sir, I have made no charge
against that Senator, nor have I made any charge
against his colleagues in the House of Representa-
tives, with any design or intention to injure either
them or their constituents. I have made no such
charges. I happen to know, I happen to have been
herelong enough to know, that a debate ought to
be conducted without being personal. Ihavebeen
hare long enough to know that, and I happen to
know how to conduct a debate without running
it into personality. Sir, none of my debates are
personalities. I spoke of the character and effects
of the bill which the Senator has brought before
the Senate. I spoke of the effects of making these
titles run the gauntlet through three different trials,
and one of them here in the Supreme Court of the
i; United States. I spoke of that at the last session,
!1 and expressed my regret that the delegation from
! California, including Mr. Fremont, should have
felt it to be their duty to yield so far to the pre-
vailing ideas in the United States, as to think of
havine a board of commissioners, and I regretted
they had yielded to the idea of having all the titles
arraigned and to be held invalid until settled by a
trial. But before I have done with it I think I
shall make out that such a bill as this is, as I have
before said, tantamount to a general confiscation
of all landed property in California; that in effect
it is a violation of the treaty with Mexico; a vio-
lation of the laws of nations; a violation of the
proclamation issued by the American commanders
in California; a violation of the capitulation en-
tered into with the commanders in California; a
violation of the laws, usages, and customs of the
country in which they are; a violation, Mr. Presi-
dent, of the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States; and it is no consolation to tell these
people that by bringing their claims through three
different trials, and coming up here to the United
States Government, they may at last get what
ought never to have been disturbed. I expect to
make this all good, and to give chapter ana verse
for everything as I go along. I do not suppose
that anything which lsay will of itself weigh much
, in the minds of Senators; but when I present that
I which is law and fact, I expect it will receive at-
tention. That is what I propose to do at a proper
time.
Now, with respect to this letter of Mr. Fre-
mont, it applies to one of the recent grants made
in 1844, 1 believe, and not accompanied by pos-
session at the time the grant was made. A special
1 exemption from possession was .made on account
, of the dangers, and these not imaginary, for six
men were killed during the first year that Mr. Fre-
mont came upon it. Now, as this grant to Mr.
Fremont seemed destined to make so large a figure,
I must be permitted to say that he had no more to
do with the selection of it or with its purchase
than you, sir. He had an agent, now in this
country, and perhaps in this city, who made the
purchase for him. The United States Consul,
Mr. Larkin, was requested to buy him a rancho,
j expecting, I believe, it would be got from the
northwest of the bay of San Francisco. But,
failing in that, Mr. Larkin bought this lot. This
: is a statement of the 'facts in the case; and this
letter which has been read applies to his own
i grants, which were the last which the local author-
j ities were empowered to make. His grant hap-
i pens to have come from the Governor-General of
1 California, Micheltoreno, the last one ever sent
1 out from the Central Government, and whom the
| people expelled from the Government in that rev-
olution which brought the people themselves into
thepossession.
This grant was made by that officer. This
large grant, upon one end of which there has been
since found some gold, is to make the great figure, :
and to pass through all the newspapers, as a case <
of stupendous speculation; and not only that, but j
what he said with regard to his own property—a 1
large grant, and a recent one. And he, an Ameri- J
can, who has some knowledge of the rights them-
selves, is to be brought up, and what he said with '
respect to his own property is to be brought up as
a reason why the people of California shall be
dragged through three suits at law, and brought
here to the Supreme Court of the United States in '
order to defend the land which the King of Spain
induced them and paid them to accept three quarters
of a century ago. This is a strange condition of
things, one which he never thought would occur. ,
, But I am willing that what Mr. Frement has
written shall be read, and everything else that Mr. '
Fremont has written or said, but I am not willing
that anything else than what he has said or done
shall be read as coming from him.
With these few remarks, to correct the state- •
ments made by the Senator from California, I wish :
to state that I make no charges against him nor
against anybody. I understand the decorum of >
this body and of my place, and I would not do it j
even if I thought it. Let him know that while I
make no charges against him or his colleagues in \
the other branch of Congress, I deny the effects 1
of his measure out and out, and I say that I spoke •
against the effect of his measure, and I expect to 1
make good what I say against the effect of his
measure when the proper time shall come.
Mr. GWIN. I read the official report of what
the Senator from Missouri said the otner day, and
I did it in order that I might comment upon it
.properly. It is stated there that the effect of the
bill proposed will be to despoil the people of Cali-
fornia of a portion of their property. I felt it to
be my duty to say to Senators that this bill was
agreed upon in its principles by myself and my col-
leagues of the House of Representatives. Now,
if the Senator from Missouri is correct in the as-
sertion that the effect of the bill will be to despoil
a portion of the people of California of some of
their property, whicn will inure to the benefit of
the United States. I take occasion to say that
this was a pretty serious allegation against the
measure, whether it be called a charge or by any
other name. I consider it a serious charge to say
that the effect will by to despoil the people of Cal-
ifornia of a portion of their property. I must be
permitted to say that I think that Senator is mis-
taken, and that the public sentiment of the people
of California will sustain the measure which is
proposed.
With respect to the making a false allegation, 1
have only to say that I make no issue with that
Senator, or any other. I am here to represent the
people of California, and I shall do it without fear
or favor, and I shall not infringe on the rights of
others. I confess that, being-a new member, I do
not understand the rules as well as others, per-
haps; but I know my intentions, I know them to
be correct, and I intend to pursue them, knowing
that I desire nothing but what the interests of my
constituents require, and what I think they desire.
With regard to this letter of Col. Fremont, it
was written before he and myself were elected to
the Senate, and it was extensively circulated, and
had reference to a question in which he was per-
sonally interested ; Dut I do not look at that, I
look at the principle; and so far as Col. Fremont
was concerned, it was the same as that of others
in California. I suppose h'e spoke in favor of a
principle which he was ready to sustain. I do
not charge in the slightest degree any imputation
upon his claim. I know it was purchased by his
agent, and that that gentleman is most desirous that
Col. Fremont should possess it. I know that my
colleague knew nothing of the purchase of this
claim, and that so far as he was concerned he had
no agency in it, nor shall I cast any charge against
him or his claim. I am not going to take any
advantage of any prejudice in that country against
large claims; I am going to see, sq far as 1 can,
that these large chums are not prejudiced.
The measure I have brought forward is intended
to protect them, and give them a right to have
their claims tested fairly before a tribunal which
has the confidence of the whole country. I take
it the officers of this Government will not press
the people of California when there is .a ground
for an appeal to the Supreme Court. If I thought
there would be facilities afforded by the bill to
prejudice the claims of any one unjustly, I would
not give it my support. We know there are
charges made in. the papers which have been agi-
tating the people, ana I want these claims ihvesti-
futed properly. It is my intention that there shall
e an appeal from a decision which is believed to
be erroneous. I will not pursue the discussion of
this question further.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until to-morrow was then agreed to.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 3, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of Tuesday was read and approved.
THE THREE PER CENT. FUND.
Mr. DISNEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to provide for the proper adjustment of the
accounts between the new States and the United
States Government, out of the three per ceiit.
fund; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
GRANT OF LANDS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill, of which previous no-
tice had been given, granting a portion of the pub-
lic lands to the State of Kentucky, to enable her
