1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
168
IN SENATE. I
P*n>AT, January 3«'185l. j
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before j
that body a communication from the Secretary of !
War, enclosing a statement of the expenses of the
national armories, and of the arms and appendages
manufactured therein; which was read, and, on
motion Bv Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, ordered to
be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of A. J. Williamson, a first lieutenant of
the third infantry, asking to be indemnified for his
baggage and equipage, lost by the destruction of a ,
transport vessel on board of which he was em-
barked in charge of a detachment of recruits for
the army; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
REPOfeT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which the subject was
referred, submitted a report, which was ordered .
to be printed, accompanied by a bill to found a ■
Military Asylum for the relief and support of in- ,
valid and disabled soldiers, which was read and or-
dered to a second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOWNS asked and obtained the unani- !■
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill j
granting the right of way and making a grant of i
lands to the States of Louisiana and Mississippi, :
in aid of the construction of a railroad from Mad- 1
isonville, in the State of Louisiana, to Jackson, j
in the State of Mississippi; which was read a '
first and second time by its title, and referred to .
the Committee on Public Lands. j'
RE8Ottm0N. . !
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of',
the following resolution, which was submitted by i
Mr. CoorER, on the 9th ultimo: j
Rnoltxd, That the Secretary of die Treasury be request- ,
erf forthwith to report to the Senate the .quantity and value 1
at tea, eoflfce, nit. sugar, flour, gnui, and provisions gen-
mlly, wool, caal.and iron, the frodace of foreign coun-
tries, imported and exported; the value of all manufactures
of cotton, wool, and flax, the produce of foreign countries;
of pig copper, and of French merchandise imported and ex-
ported; thequaatity and value of cotton, totneoo, cice,flour, 1
grain, provisions generally, and naval stores, domestic pro- ;
dure, exported; the value of cotton manufactured, do- !
mestic produce, exported; the quantity of shipping built,
tod the member of immigrants from foreign .countries du- j
nag the IsM itoeal y*«r.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I hope that res-
olution will be passed by for the present. I am
informed that information 1mm been received which
will render it unnecessary to pass that resolution
in its present shape. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
LAWS AND DECISIONS RELATING TO PUBLIC
LANDS. !
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of the following resolution, which was reported j
from the Committee on Public Lands on the 30th '
ultimo: j
Rttolvtd, That the Secretary of the Interior cause to be 1
prepared a collection of the genera] public acts of Congress, ;
and a collection or digest of the official instructions which i
have been issued from time to time by the Secretary of the
Treasury, die Secretary of the Interior, and the Cominis- i
sioner of the General Land Office, relative to the public
lands, excepting such as refer exclusively, both in princi-
ple and application, to particular and individual cases, I
together with a collection or digest of the official opinions 1
of tbe Attorney Genera] on questions arising under the land '
laws, with reference to the decisions of the courts under j
such laws; and of tbe laws, ordinances, and regulations of .
Other Governments from whom the United States have ac-
quired territory by cession, so far as the same apply to the
territory so acquired.
Resolreri, That the Secretary of the Senate cause the
general public acts of Congress, respecting the sale and dis- 1
position of the pnblic lands, together with the collection or [
digest prepared under the foregoing resolution, to be printed !
for tbe use of the 8enate.
Mr. WALKER. I would like to inquire of the i
mover of that resolution if we have not already a j
resolution containing most of the matter which it
is now proposed to prepare. Among the books
which I have received under the resolution of Con-
gress is a volume entitled the " Land Laws," ajid
another containing the instructions and opinions of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
the opinions of the Attorney General, coming down
to a tate period.
I do not know what other information it may be
the object of the mover to obtain by that resolu-
tion ; but if other information be required in addi-
tion to that which we already have, will it be -ne-
cessary to adopt a resolution in such general terms
as this ? It might be well to call for the compila-
tion referred to by the resolution from the time
down t?> which the other compilation to which I
have referred came.
Mr. FELCH. This resolution was reported by
the Committee on the Public Lands, in accordance
with a resolution of instruction passed by the Sen-
ate some time since.
I would inform the Senator from Wisconsin
that the publication to which he refers was made
Some ten years ago, and I think a great deal more
than ten years ago. Of course it was made before
many of the most important laws bearing on the
subject of public lands were passed. It has also
been found that the work to which he refers is
not a convenient work in its arrangement. To be
sure, it embraces the laws and instructions from
the Land Office, together with some of the opin-
ions of the Attorney General, but is not in that
form which is necessary for convenient reference,
and for the proper understanding of the matter to
which it refers. As to the importance of this
matter, gentlemen need only reflect that a large
portion of the time of the Supreme Court is con-
sumed in the examination of questions growing
out of the public lands; and that they are under
the necessity of constantly referring to the Depart-
ment to ascertain the true foundation of title, which
is the laws and the instructions of the Depart-
ment in the first place. It is impossible that the
compilation which we now have can accomplish
the objects which are necessary in such a compi-
lation. Hence the judges of the Supreme Court,
as well as the committees of this body and the
other branch of the Legislature, are referring con-
stantly to the Department to obtain information.
Such information should be contained in volumes
which should bring down the decisions of the At-
torney General and the.laws to the present time.
It is very certain that the compilation which we
now have does not answer the ends necessary to
be acqpmplished. Besides, the information which
is contained in the volumes we now have is not
arranged in a convenient manner.
It was deemed important some ten years since
to make a compilation of this kind, and it seems
to have been provided for in this same manner, by
the action of the Senate. How much more im-
portant is it, then, that such information be ob-
tained at the present timeThe attention of the
Committee on the Public Lands was called to this
matter by one of the Judges of the Supreme Court.
It is a very important matter, and one which de-
serves and ought to receive the attention of the
Seuate.
The effect of the resolution will be that the Sec-
retary of the Interior, who has charge of the Land
Office, will provide such a compilation as is neces-
sary to accomplish the object contemplated. Hav-
ing obtained that, it will be printed for the use of
the Senate, and if, after that, anything additional
is required, we can make further order on the sub-
ject. I hope the Senate will adopt the resolution;
for I think no method can be devised which will
accomplish the object so well or so cheaply as this.
There is another consideration to which I shall
call the attention of the Senate, which deserves
attention now, although it did not exist when the
other compilation was made. I refer to the acqui-
sition of lands in California, New Mexico, and
Utah, as also to the lands in Oregon. We have re-
ceived some addition to the country which was
then embraced within our jurisdictional limits.
During the session before last, the Senate by a
resolution authorized the Committee on Public
Lands to provide for the compilation and publica-
tion of the laws, ordinances, .and regulations of
the Spanish and Mexican Governments, so far as
they appertained to grants of land in California.
That subjeet underwent some discussion in the
Senate at that time, and it was deemed very im-
portant to obtain that compilation. Indeea, the
question was asked every day, " what do we
know in reference to land titles in California, and
of the practical operation of the system of ordi-
nances and regulations adopted there?" That in-
formation may be at the command of gentlemen
' who understand the Spanish language, and who
have peculiar facility in obtaining access to inform-
ation of that kind; but the Senate generally felt
that they had nothing to which they could apply
to obtain accurate information on that subject.
To meet this object, a resolution was passed au-
thorizing the Committee on Public Lands to have
a compilation prepared, and to appoint an indi-
vidual who should prepare it. That individual wa 
appointed, and had, I understood, madesomeprog-
ress, and had nearly prepared a report to be pre-
sented to the Senate, when business called him
elsewhere. Before the report was made, before
preparation could be made for its printing, and a
provision made for its preparation, the individual
left the country and went himself to California.
We are now without any report on that subject.
That is eertainly a matter to be regretted. The
discussion on private land claims in California
which we heard yesterday shows the necessity
for the compilation Of some information on this
subject.
We thought it best, therefore, to provide for ob-
taining that knowledge by this resolution, so that
we might have a compilation, not only of the
former laws, relative to the older portions of the
country, but also a compilation of the Mexican
and Spanish laws, so far as they apply to land
now within the jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan may show the ne-
cessity of the continuation of the work, but it cer-
tainly seems to me to be no argument in favor of
the republication, in several volumes, of laws,
which are not only distributed through the vol-
umes of the general laws of tbe United States, but
have been puhlished in a separate volume. If this
resolution merely proposed to continue that publi-
cation, and to compile also a collection of laws re-
lating to land, and land titles in California, New
Mexico, and Utah, I would have no objection to
it. I shall interpose no serious objection; I shall
interpose no further objection.
But I felt that it might be well for us to reflect
whether there was in fact any necessity for the re-
Eublication of the compilation of the laws of the
United States upon this subject. It would seem
to me that so far as the general provisions of the
laws in relation to the lands of the United States
which have been passed within the last ten years
are concerned, they cannot be so numerous or so
important as to greatly embarrass the judges of
the Supreme Court in ascertaining what the laws
are, particularly if they do, what every lawyer has
to do, refer to the laws of the country in order to
ascertain what they are. To be sure, we have
passed one or two preemption acts within the last
ten years. But the instructions under those laws,,
and the constructions put upon them, are not so
very numerous. There are but few who need
necessarily remain in ignorance in regard to them.
But still I can see no serious objection to continu-
ing the compilation down to the present time,
though there may be some reason why we should
not republish all that matter which has been pub-
lished in so many forms heretofore.
Mr. EWING. It is very important that such
a digest as is now proposed should be prepared.
There ought to be an appropriation for it; but that
can be made in a subsequent bill. I think the di-
gest very necessary.
Mr BADGER. I wish to express a concur-
rence in what was said by the honorable Senator
from Michigan. I look upon such a compilation
as is proposed as very important, not only to fa-
cilitate us in the discharge of our duties here, but
I regard it as very important in another portion of
this Capitol. From some little experience—very
little indeed—I have found that, in the prosecution
of cases, turning upon land titles, in the Supreme
Court of the United States, no small difficulty is.
felt for the want of having, in some one compila-
tion, united together and prepared for convenient
reference, the laws and the expositions of thelaws
relating to this subject. I look upon this as an
object of high importance.
I think my friend from Wisconsin is mistaken
in supposing there can be any objection to this
compilation on the ground that there has hereto-,
fore been published distinct parts .of what is now
sought to be incorporated. as a whole. 'Most of
the matter for the compilation can no doubt be
found by looking into various places and into va-
rious books; but.this subject constitutes a distinct
and very important head of Congressional legis-
lation, and also a distinct and very important head
of judicial inquiry and decision. It is important
