164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
to the Government and important to individuals. I
think it is highly important such a compilation as
this resolution contemplates should be made. I
hoite, therefore, the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. CLEMENS. The resolutionseems tome
to require some amendment. It says the digest
•hall be printed " for the use of the Senate;" but
it does not prescribe how it shall be printed, or the
quantity tlmt shall be printed.
Mr. VELrll. I think the general contract for
the public printing will cover the printing of this
document. The different kinds of printing are
classified in the contract, and under one of those
classifications, i believe, the printing of a work of
this kind comes. 1 apprehend the resolution gives
the Secretary sufficient authority to have the work
printed.
Mr. WALKER. We all thought we had rules
on this subject of printing. Not very long since we
ordered the printing of the opinion of the Supreme
Court upon a particular subject. It was printed,
and amounted to one hundred and sixty-six pages,
I believe. A bill for printing was brought in for
$37,500. A compromise was finally effected, and
we were let off with paying $ 12,500. This was
done under these certain rules which we have in
relation to printing. I hope we will not be caught
again in this way. If the Committee on Public
Lands are so certain that this document is neces-
sary, I wish they would see that it does not cost
us at the rate of $37,500 for every one hundred
and sixty-six pages.
Mr. I1ADGER. There is something important
in the suggestion made by the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clemens,] and 1 would suggest to the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Pelch] to let his
resolution lie over until another day, in order that
we may make soma particular provision in regard
to the printing of this document. While up, how-
ever, I will take occasion to say that the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] has referred to
the printing of a certain document which has been
made the subject of a regular talk both at this and
the other end of the Capitol, and in the public
presses of the country. I have myself had occa-
sion to look into and examine that subject, and 1
am satisfied, and if this were a proper occasion for
it, I think I would be able to prove, that the largest
charge referred to, was justly and legally due, and
was a fair and reasonable exposition of the con-
tract. I merely mention that now because it has
been alluded to. I, however, suggest that this
resolution should be allowed to lie over for the
present, that we may see whether we cannot make
some arrangement with respect to the printing.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not rise to discuss the
propriety of this resolution, but merely to make a
remark in reference to one made by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger.] The sub-
ject to which he alluded, involving this large
charge for the printing of documents, was sent to
the Committee on Printing, and as it was made the
duty of that committee to report upon it, it became
my duty to look into the matter and examine it
very thoroughly. I did so, with all the lights that
could l>e obtained with regard to it, and I came,
as did also the committee, to a conclusion the very
opposite of that of the Senator from North Caro-
lina. Since my return to Washington I have not
seen that report. Whether printed or not, I de-
sire to call the attention of the Senator from North
Carolina to it, and I will ask him to read it, and I
desire that Senators general!v would read it. They
' will then see both sides of the question.
Mr. BADGER. In answer to the remark of
the Senator from Arkansas, I would observe, that
the subject of that document is not at all new to
me, nor is the report to which the Senator from
Arkansas alludes unknown to me. I have read
the report; I have considered the whole subject,
and, with very high respect for the legal research
and opinions of the committee, I must say I en-
tertain the same opinion now as I entertained at
the time of that examination, and am very decid-
edly of the opinion that the committee came to an
erroneous conclusion.
Mr. BORLAND. One remark more, and one
only. The Senator says he has come to the con-
clusion that the committee were in error in their
report. For myself I pretend to no legal attain-
ments beyond a mere common-sense view of the
subject.- There is one fact in connection with this
matter which it seems to me must satisfy the mind ;
of everybady who looks at it in a plain, common-
I sense, business-like manner; and that is, that the
Senate of the United States never could have in-
tended, and did not intend, the words of the reso-
lution and the words of the contract to mean that
$37,500 should be paid for printing a little docu-
ment making about one hundred and eighty odd
pwtges, while the regular printers to the last Con-
gress printed that document, as an ordinary docu-
ment, to the number of one thousand two hundred
and fifty copies for one hundred and fifty-odd dol-
lars. It could not be possible that this Senate
could pass a resolution, or would enter into a
contract with any printer which would subject
them to a payment of $37,500 for the printing of a
document which, under the regular contracf of the
last Congress, would cost only $150. This, to my
mind, is the common-sense view of the subject,
and in my opinion it does not take any great legal
learning or research to ascertain the -meaning of the
resolution of the Senate. It could not have gone
that far beyond a just and fair compensation.
The PRkSIDEAT. The Chair takes occasion
to inform the gentlemen that the question which
they are discussing is not before the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. I was only defending the
committee from the charge made against them.
Mr. BADGER. I desire merely to say that if
there was an irregularity in bringing this subject
before the Senate, it did not originate with me. I
generally confine my remarks to the question un-
der consideration; but as I had formerly taken
occasion to express a clear and distinct opinion
near the close of the last session, 1 felt it aue to
myself and to the parties concerned in this trans-
action to reiterate it. I desire only now to say to
the Senator from Arkansas, that nobody supposes
the Senate of the United States meant to say that
. for the printing of this document they would pay
$37,500. What I meant to say is this: that when-
ever a proper occasion arises, I will stand pre-
pared, according to any legal, just, reasonable,
and tenable interpretation of that contract, to show
that the charge made for this document was legal
and right under the contract. . That is all.
Mr. EWING. I move that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed uiuil to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
BINDING OF DOCUMENTS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of,
the resolution offered by Mr. Walker, as follows:
Retolred, That no further binding of documents shall be
contracted for or ordered until the Senate make further or-
der on the subject.
Mr. WALKER. I find by a reference to the
law under which our binding is done at present,
that it is by a joint resolution, while this is a sim-
ple resolution of the Senate. I doubt whether the
matter can be reached in that form, and therefore
I move to lay the resolution on the table for the
present.
The motion was agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONER.
The bill for the relief of Hubert H. Booley was
read a third time and passed.
RELIEF OF A POST OFFICE CONTRACTOR.
The bill for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont,
came up on the question of its passage.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to hear the grounds
upon which this claim is founded. I ask that the
bill and the report of the committee may be read,
as I wish to know whether it is on the ground that
the Postmaster General has failed to fulfill a con-
tract upon which he has entered.
The bill and report were then read.
Mr. DAWSON. The principle which this bill
seeks to establish is this : that if the Postmaster
General thinks it for the interest of the public to
issue an order for the discontinuance of the con- j
tract for carrying the mail on any route daily, and
the contractor should go on in violation of that
order and carry the mail daily, the Congress of
the United States must then interpose between the
Department and the contractor, and sustain the
contractor in violating the order of the Postmaster
General. We have now just such a case pending
upon a contract upon a line between Georgia ana
Alabama, and the same controversy has arisen.
If we depart from the principle of leaving this
matter to the discretion of the Postmaster General,
he can never know to what extent appropriations
may be necessary to fulfill the contracts or to pay
claims for service rendered without the authority :
 f the proper Department. For one, I feel uu-
williug to interpose; I shall sustain the Department
in carrying the latfs relating to the Department
into effect.
Mr. UPHAM. I am sorry that this bill has
met with so much opposition, as it seems to be a
plain case. The Senator from Georgia objects to
the bill because, as he thinks, it will establish a
dangerous precedent. Many bills are passed here
without much foundation in luw; but they are
passed merely on principles of equity; I believe
there was a bill passed at the last session of Con-
gress giving Colonel Gray some $5,000 or $6,000
on principles of equity, and not because there was
any law which applied to his claim. Here was a
contract to carry tne mail seven days in the week;
the contractor prepared to perform that work; he
furnished himself with horses and coaches and
everything necessary to do it every day in the
week. The whole distance of the line from Boston
to Burlington is three hundred and twenty miles,
and this portion of the line which was discontinued,
from Royalton to Burlington, was seventy-six
miles. -The contract originally made, was to carry
the mail every day throughout the whole distance,
and it was carried every day from the time it was
made in 1833 up to 1834. It appears that the em-
barrassed condition of the Post Office Department
induced the Postmaster General to order a discon-
tinuance, not on the whole line, but only from
Royalton to Burlington, the last seventy-six miles
of the line, for one day in the week. This order
was quite unexpected on the part of the contractor,
and it was inconvenient -for the public, to all the
men of business on that route, and the contractor
was urged by all of them to continue to run his
coach every day. I admit that the Post Office
Department has the right to discontinue the run-
ning of the mail one or two days if necessary; but
this route was not discontinued because the public
interest did not require that it should be kept up.
It appears that it was owing to the condition of
the Post Office Department, and was only a tem-
porary arrangement; for, after the contract with
this individual expired, the Postmaster General
ordered the mail to be carried again every day in
the week, and this same person also afterwards
contracted to run it every day in the week from
February to July; and for that service also his pay
is withheld.
Now, is there a Senator on this floor who desires
that this person should carry this mail every day
when his contract expired for nothing, when he
did it for the convenience of the public, and on ac-
count of the embarrassed condition of the Post
Office Department? I admit he has no legal claim;
I admit that the Postmaster General is right, be-
cause he had given the order to discontinue the
carrying of the mail one day in the week; but the
question is, is it not just, as between this Govern-
ment and the contractor, that now, when the De-
partment is solvent and able to pay for the service,
ne should be paid for his outlay ? No interest
is asked whatever. The applicant is in reduced
circumstances, and as similar claims have been
allowed, I think we should allow this. One claim,
as I said, of $5,000 was allowed at the last session,
upon the verbal report of the chairman of the
committee. That was a contract to carry a mail a
certain distance with a two-horse coach, and take
the passengers which came on the other part of the
route with four horses, and he applied for liberty
to put a four-horse coach upon the route. The
Postmaster General objected, and told him he must
run a two-horse coach according to the contract.
He, however, put on a four-horse coach, and Con-
gress allowed him $5,000 for the service he ren-
dered. Now, I know that the Postmaster General
ordered the discontinuance of the service from Roy-
alton to Burlington for one day in the week. But
it appears that it gave great inconvenience to those
interested in the mail matter, and that they urged
the contractor to run as he had done, and trust to
the justice of the Government. Will any just
Government refuse to pay for such service ? I hope
this will not be done in this case. This person run
the mail when the Department was unable to fur-
nish the funds to pay him, at the solicitation of
persons interested, and now he only asks for his
gay without interest. I cannot believe there is a
enator who desires that this contractor should
thus run the mail in the United States for nothing.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to say, simply, that this
claim cannot be considered strictly a legal one,
