166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jati. 4,
•ton, Fuller. Crcea, Isham Q. Harris, Hwmand, Hotoday,
Houston, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Jones, La S*re, Marshall, -Mason, McClwnand, McDon-
ald, McMullen, MeWilHe, Meade, Morton, Nelson, Orr,
Parker, Peck, Putnam, Richardson, Robinma, Shepperd,
Stanlv, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson.
Toombs, Wallace, White, Williams, Woodward, and
Young—>1.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill to modify and
reduce the rates of postage.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the attention im-
mediately pending was the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowua,] to
strikeout "fire" and insert "two" cents in the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] to strike out the word " three," in the
first section of the original bill, and insert the word
" five" in lieu thereof, so that it will read, " upon
tach letter not weighing over half an ounce, when
postage is paid where such letter is mailed, two
tents, &c., &c.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, who was entitled to the
floor, rose and said: Mr. Chairman, it is not my
purpose to engage in the discussion of the general
subject of cheap postage. When 1 obtained the
floor a few days since, my purpose was simply to
give notice to the House of sucn amendments as I
shall offer to the bill at the proper time, when it
comes up for action in committee. If those amend-
ments require any explanation or any defence, 1
certainly prefer making that explanation and offer-
ing that defence when I propose my amendments
for adoption.
I now send to the Clerk's desk, with a view of
having them read, such amendments as I shall
offer in committee at the proper time, and insist on
their adoption:
Strike oat second section, and insert the following:
Be it farther ennctei, That newspapers, pamphlets, peri-
odicals, and magazines, ahall be transmitted through the
mails free of charge to any place within the State where
they are published. And on each newspaper, transmitted
through the mails beyond the limits of the State where it is
published, shall be charged one half cent; pamphlets, peri-
odicals, and magazines, which it is lawful to send by Kail,
shall be charged with postage at the rate of one half cent
for each copy sent of no greater weight than one ounce,
and one half cent in addition for each additional ounce or
(taction of an ounce.
Be itfurther enacted, That Whenever the postmasters on
any route established by law, shall certify under oath to the
Postmaster General, that an increase of service, or a higher
grade of service, is necessary on such route for the convey-
ance of the mail without delay or dstantion, it shall be his :
duty to increase or raise the grade* of service on such route !
according to the testimony of the postmasters (hereon, so I
filed with the Department.
Mr. GERRY said: I do not desire to discuss |
the bill or the amendments proposed at length. I
rise simply for the purpose of Bringing to the no- j
tice of the committee an amendment which I pro-
pose to offer at the proper time, and of indicating
the course I intend to pursue, and the considerations
that will control my vote. Doubtless a majority
of the committee are in favor of some modifica-
tion of the present postal law. As to what that
modification shall be, there appears to be a diver-
sity of opinion. The grand difficulty seems to be
in agreeing upon some general proposition which
•hall meet the approval of a majority. Some pro-
pose a radical change in the Whole postal arrange-
ment, as it now exists, with reference to the rates
of postage and the matter now transmitted through
the mail free, while others desire only a slight
modification of the present taw. The great object
of all who have petitioned Congress in relation to
this subject, seems to be to obtain the cheapest
rate of postage practicable and consistent with the
interest of the whole country. During the pres-
ent Congress I have had the honor to present a
large number of petitions asking for a reduction
of present rates of postage, but among them all I
recollect none that sought to establish a uniform
rate of five cents throughout the United States
without regard to distance. Such a proposition,
however, has been presented to the committee,
and to say the least, has many advocates. But
I regard it as a feeble and unsuitable response
to the thousands -who have petitioned Congress
Upon this subject, and will utterly fail to quiet the
discontent that 1mm been manifested in the country
in relation to this matter. Nineteen twentieths of
all the letters transmitted through the mail under
the present law are rated atonly five cents. Hence
very little would be accomplished towards the re-
duction of the present rates of postage by estab-
lishing a uniform rate at five (ients, and great in-
equality and injustice, as it appears to me, would
be the result. The fitfSt objection, which is obvi-
ous to all, is the manifest injustice there would be
in charging the same for carrying a letter five miles
that would be charged for carrying it five thousand
miles—as from New York to Brooklyn, as from
Maine to California. In a densely populated
country like that of England, where the facilities
for transportation are great, and alike throughout
the country, a uniform rate of postage may be es-
tablished with propriety, especially as difference
in distance is immaterial in a country of so small
an area. But in a country like ours, covering
such a vast extent of territory, and where the
means for transportation are so various and often
limited, and the expense attending it so unequal,
distance becomes a material matter. 1 would not,
however, be understood as opposed, altogether, to
a uniform rate of postage, provided the postage
can be so reduced as to afford proper and just
facilities to all. But I am utterly opposed to tax*
ing unreasonably one portion of the community,
who wish only to convey their letters a short dis-
tance, for the sake of conferring unusual advan-
tages on others. One great object to be attained
is to secure to the Department, as revenue, the
amount of money now paid to private carriers of
matter which ought to, and would go in the mail
with a proper rate of postage. A uniform rate of
posbvge of five cents will not accomplish this pur-
pose. A very large proportion of the letters now
carried by private conveyance may be denomina-
ted the five cent class of letters. If private ear-
ners can carry these letters for less than five cents,
the Department should do the same, and thus se-
cure to itself an additional amount of revenue,
as the additional cost would be a mere trifle. As
to the ten cent class of letters, the postage is al-
ready very reasonable, and would, no doubt, be
quite satisfactory with a slight change as to dis-
tance, and there is no reason to apprehend com-
petition with the Department by private carriers
in regard to this class of letters. In my judgment
it is but just and reasonable.that there should be a
ten centpostage, all things considered, as the max-
imum rate.
At the proper time, as I have already said, I in-
tend, if I fan get an opportunity, to offer an amend-
ment, to the effect, that on all letters transmitted
through the mail, and carried only five hundred
miles, shall be charged two cents postage, and all
letters carried ov£r five hundred and less than one
thousand miles, shall be chargedwith five cents
postage, and all letters carried over one thousand
miles, or to any point in the United States, shall
pay ten cents. These ratea, as it appears to me,
will be satisfactory, and will afford as great or a
greater amount of revenue than the present rates,
and will at the same time obviate the objections
that I have already stated to a uniform rate of five
cents, while it would in a great measure secure the
benefits that would result from a uniform rate of
two cents, and at the same time avoid its ine-
qualities. -
Many gentlemen affect to be alarmed at any
change of the present law, for fear the expenses of
the Post Office Department will be thrown upon
the general Treasury. Now, I think there is very
little reason to apprehend any such result, pro-
vided a proper graduating scale of rates shall be
adopted, such as will secure the advantages of a
cheap uniform rate of postage, while it avoids the
evils and difficulties attending a high uniform rate.
However, it is possible that should a uniform rate,
either high or low, be established, that for a short
period a portion of the expense of the Department
would be thrown upon the public Treasury.
This, however, can never be determined, except
by actual experiment. Those who have inves-
tigated this subject, and are supposed to be
most competent to. fudge, believe that a sub-
stantial reduction of the present rates can be safely
made without endangering the general Treasury.
But suppose that for a short period a small portion
of the expenses of the Department should be borne
by the general Treasury, who reaps the benefit?
Not a few individuals, or a particular class of per-
sons, but "the whole people. Why, then, this
alarm at the bare possibility of s'uch a result,
when we see such a general disposition pervading
this House to appropriate millions of the people's
money for pufposes necessarily local in their na-
ture, extent, and influence 2 During the last ses-
sion of Congress, millions of acres of the public
lands, and consequently millions of the people's
money, were distributed among individuals in the
shape of bounties, and to corporations in the shape
of donations. A proposition is now pending be-
fore this body, and I fear will receive the votes of n
majority, although I assure you it can never receive
my vote, to still further intrench upon theTreasury
of the whole people, to appropriate millions more
for the improvement of lakes, rivers, and harbors,
local from their very nature, and from which all
cannot derive equal benefits. All these things are
done with a rush, and yet gentlemen seem to b e fill cd
with apprehension lest the public Treasury should
contribute a mere trifle to the attainment of an ob-
ject so wide-spread and beneficial in its effects upon
. all, as the proposed system of cheap postage—a
system, in my judgment, that will contribute more
to the social enjoyment and to the cultivation of
our race, to the enlargement of our sympathies, to
strike down our prejudices, and eradicate error,
diffuse knowledge, elevate our character as a na-
tion, and strengthen the bonds that now makes us
one people, than all the millions that have been
squandered for the objects before-mentioned.
Then I ask if we shall pause and chaffer about an
enterprise so magnificent in its design atid so phil-
anthropic in its promised results ? As you open
facilities for communication, induce correspond-
ence, and bring the benefits and advantages of the
Post Office Department within the reach of all, so
you approximate the remote parts of this wide-
spread Republic, and the high walls that are now
reared to divide and separate us as a people, will
| melt away before the benign influences of an ac-
1 quaintance with each other, ourselves, and the vast
and innumerable blessings that flow from and are
; showered upon us, a united ami unbroken people.
But I deny altogether that the system I propose
will lessen the revenue of the Department. On tbe
contrary, I maintain it will increase it. We are
taught by the experience of Great Britain, that a
cheap rate of postage is in fact the true revenue
standard; and we have seen also, the effect of the
law of 1845 in our own country. In both caBes
a reduction of the postage has increased the rev-
enue. The number of letters transmitted through
the mail in the year 1844, prior to the change of
the old rates, was 24,267,552. The number trans-
mitted through the mail in the year 1849, was
62,000,000. The receipts of the Department for
the year 1844 amounted to $4,'237,285. The re-
ceipts for the year 1849 were $4,706,176—a how-
; ing a great increase of the number of letters under
the new system,'as well as ah increase of- reve-
| BBe. Although I do not regard- the case of Great
, Britain as a parallel case with our own in some
| respects, still we may with propriety look to the
! general features and effect of their system as a
! light to guide us in framing a proper one for our-
1 selves.
1 Hence I propose a graduating scale of postage,
making the minimufa of that settle the cheapest
practicable rate, and at the sasae time obviating
many of the objections attending a uniform low
rate, as well as affording a reasonable prospect
1 that it will furnish as great or a greater amount of
revenue than the presSRt law. That the time will
come when a uniform rate of postage, as low as
two or three cents, will be adopted, I have no
doubt. But that period, as it appears to me, has
not yet arrived; but for revenue purposes alone,
' and aside from all other considerations, if I must
choose between a uniform rate of two or five cents,
| I certainly should prefer the former, for the rea-
sons, among others, that I have already stated.
Again, gentlemen tell us they are opposed to any
reduction of the present tax on letters or other
mail matter, and at the -same time assign as a rea-
son that the Department roust support itself, while
they insist on the continuance of the franking
privilege, which loads the mail with more matter
than all the other mail matter of the country. For
| one, I care not whether this privilege, which some
affect to call a bvrdm, is abolished or not. It is a
! matter of entire indifference to me. But I insist
that it is net a privilege that should continue at the
I expense of defeating a proper deduction of the
I present rates of postage. I question very much
: whether the benefits the people derive from it eqxtal
the disadvantages that flow from its existence. All
dp not, and cannot participate in the benefits de-
rived from it, and yet all do and must contribute
| to its support. What justice or propriety   there
in compelling individuals whq never receive dooii-
