1851,
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
167
meats or other matter through the mail under the '
frank of a member of Congress, to help pay for
supplying their neighbors ? The injustice is so
anitest it needs no comment. But gentlemen say
SUj
main
that the enormous quantity of matter transmitted
through the mail, under the franking privilege, is
for the benefit of the people. I admit that it is
for the benefit of a portion of them, and a portion
only.
Take for an illustration the Patent Office report,
or any other document printed by the order of this
body. We all know that these favors are lim-
ited to the few. All cannot be supplied with them,
and but few receive any benefit from them; and yet
they are transmitted through the mail at the ex-
pense of all. Again, take for example the innu-
merable multitude of speeches that are franked and
sent out from this Capitol at an enormous expense
to the Department, and yet all cannot be supplied
with these interesting- documents,
• At the same time do not gentlemen very well
know, that a large amount of the matter sent
through the mail from this Hall is franked and
sent out for no other purpose under Heaven than
to tickle and humbug, regardless of all other con-
siderations? and much of it is mere trash and use-
less, and a perfect nuisance to the people. This
matter I am for taxing. It accomplishes no good,
and is an enormous expense to the Department,
and consequently stands in the way of the reform
sought to be obtained. Therefore 1 am in favor of
taxing all matter sent through the mail—make it
pay something. If it is not worth a small tax it
cannot be worth the expense of transmission.
Adopt this course, and then 'we can tell whether
the Post Office Department is a self-sustaining con-
cern. If gentlemen are determined to hold on to
the franking privilege, and are so tenacious to be
burdened with it, let that privilege be charged to
the general Treasury,and then we shall see whether
the Department can sustain itself.
As for the postage on newspapers, I am for ren-
dering to them aU the facilities practicable, and shall
consequently favor any reduction of rates on them
consistent with a wise and judicious postal ar-
rangement. But my doctrine is, that all matter
transmitted through the mail shall pay something.
Therefore I shall favor no project which shall ex-
empt either city or country papers from bearing
•their part of the common burden that is to be borne
for the good of all.
In conclusion,I desire only to say, that I prefer
the law as it now stands to a uniform rate of five
cents on all letters, because I believe it is not the
revenue standard, is unequal and unjust, and will
not suitably respond to the wants and wishes of
the people, and will only postpone the essential
reformation which the country requires.
Mr. WATKINS said: Mr. Chairman, I have
no disposition to trespass upon the committee, or ;
upon the House, at this or any other time, except
when duty to myself or those whom I have tne
honor to represent upon this floor, require it at my
hands. A sense of duty of this character induces
me now to trouble the committee with the amend-
ment which I propose, and the brief remarks
which I shall submif in support of it. "When the
bill was reported from the committee my impres-
sions were against the propriety of the proposed
reductions. Believing, however, that some im-
portant alterations might safely and usefully be
made, I felt inclined to put the most favorable con-
struction upon the bill, and have listened with in-
terested and respectful attention to the suggestions 1
and arguments made by both the friends and ene-
mies of the proposed reform, in the hope that my
apprehensions of its ultimate success might be re-
moved. I must confess, sir, that in this I have
been disappointed. So far from having them re-
moved, the developments made and evidence ad-
duced in the discussion, have tended rather to con-
firm them. The idea and doctrine of reform, in
any or all of the Departments of the General Gov-
ernment, I know, sir, is not only a popular senti-
ment, but, when it can be consistently and suc-
cessfully done, so as to bear equally and uni-
formly upon all classes of interests and. of our
population, it is correct both in principle and policy.
And I take this occasion to say, that upon ques-
tions of reform, the tendency of which are to these
results, and the operation and practical workings
of which secure this equality and this uniformity of
interest, no gentleman, in or out of Congress, is
more ready to give them his honest and cordial
support than myself. The fact that the scheme is
favorably regarded by the talented, patriotic, and
1 distinguished Chief Magistrate, who now occu-
! pies the presidential mansion, as well as the Post-
: master General in his able report to the present ,
i Congress, incline me most strongly to favor the '
recommendation—for, sir, it would afford me much
! gratification and delight to cooperate with the
i friends of the bill from these considerations. Nor
am I, on the other hand, disposed to make war
upon the bill because it was the result of the de- !
liberations, labors, and investigations of an able
committee opposed to me in politics, with the wor-
thy and disUnguished gentleman from Ohio at its
head, who very clearly and deservedly occupies a
most prominent position in his party upon this
floor. Why, then, do I oppose it? Because I be-
lieve it to be prejudicial to the interests of my con-
stituents, and if adopted and carried into practice
would prove to be subversive of the chief interests
and advantages of their present mail facilities.
Not only this, sir, but it would retard the devel-
opment and diminish the prosperity which an in-
crease and improvement of the character of ser-
vice would secure to them, and which, from the
solvent and prosperous condition of the Post Of-
fice Department, as shown by the late report of the
present Postmaster General, they have a right to
expect. I have serious doubts, to say the least,
whether the position assumed by some of the
friends of the measure be correct', that the increase
in the number of letters or amount of mail matter
would so accurately correspond with the proposed
reduction in the rates of postage as to support, in
and of itself, the Department Under its present or-
ganization. If this opinion be seriously enter-
tained by any considerable number of the friends
of this reform, I would ask why is there a neces-
sity that the committee should recommend an ap-
propriation of $1,500,000 as a guarantee against
the precipitate reduction or deficiency of its. re-
ceipts in revenue, when we are told in the report
of the Postmaster General to which I have referred,
that the receipts at the end of the last fiscal year,
which was the 30th of June, 1850, exceeded the
expenditures a fraction over $340,000 ?
It has been intimated, Mr. Chairman, by some
gentleman in the debate, that the object of those
who propose amendments to secure the circulation
; of loud papers free of tax is to benefit editors, and
not the people. Now, sir, if the admisSiqp be of
any value to the friends of the bill, I assure them
that one motive I had in view in offering the
amendment I have upon this point, was to encour-
, age and protect our own editors against the great
i influx of papers from the large commercial cities;
j for the plain reason, sir, that editors in those
cities are, with the facilities which they possess
with this discrimination against them, able to real-
ize a greater profit from the publication of the ad-
vertisements for the sale of patent medicines and
lottery tickets, than ours are from hours of lucu-
bration spent in- the preparation of their ablest
series of editorials. But, sir, my highest aim and
chief object in offering this amendment is to secure
the dissemination of local intelligence and informa-
tion among the people, so as to reach the greatest
number at the least expense.
This reform commenced, I believe, in 1-845;
since which time it has been my misfortune, and
the misfortune of my constituents, to realize the
bad effects of it. No sooner had the reduction
been made than it was thought necessary, in order
to support the system and to carry on successfully
and efficiently that department of the Government,
for Congress to pass a law in anticipation of what
would occur, and what I know, sir, did occur in
my district and many others at the last lettings of
contracts for the transportation of the mails—a
general cutting down of the service. It cannot es-
cape the sagacity of gentlemen, whether they be
friends or enemies of the bill, that the ptain and
inevitable effect of said reduction will be to impair,
and in many instances to discontinue, the present
mail service and postal facilities, and thereby de-
prive the citizens in most if not all of the agricul-
tural districts of country of a portion of the
advantages resulting to them under the present or-
ganization. Or if the same facilities and grade of
service are kept up, you must either abolish the
franking privilege or throw the Department upon
the Treasury for support, both of wnich meet alike
my disapprobation; Decause I believe "both Would
1 result in the curtailment of the interests and ad-
vantages of those whose representative I am, as
would be the case in all other districts similarly
situated, which constitute a very large share
of the territory, population, talent, industry, in-
telligence, virtue, wealth, and enterprise of this .
country. Were I to consult my own comfort
and convenience, I would of course favor the
expedient that would result in the abolition of
the franking privilege, for it must be apparent tq
every one that it would relieve the representa-
tives of the people in Congress of a vast amount
of labor which all consider it to be their duty to
perform ;and I, for one, am free to confess and to de-
clare, that it is not only in my view an important
duty, but one which it is my pride and pleasure
to discharge. I am opposed to its abolition or cur-
tailment, because I feel well assured that it would
in every point of view impair the means and me-
dia of information which it secures to the people,
many of whom, without which, would be in a
great measure deprived of that connection with
their representatives and theirGovernment, which
it is both the interest of the Government and the
people should be strengthened, rather than dimin-
ished. It is, as has been argued by some gentle-
man who preceded me in this debate, "the
strongest link that binds the representative to his
constituency." Yes, sir, and it is the safest,
cheapest, and most direct medium, through which
he can attain a correct knowledge of the true con-
dition and position of his Government in crises of
imminent peril and excitement. It also brings
home directly to the eyes of the constituents of
each member a fresh and continuous record of his
political stewardship, which it is the indubitable
right, and should be the undisturbed and unob-
structed privilege of each elector to scrutinize. It
is the most certain and wholesome safeguard that
can be thrown around a representative Govern-
ment^ protects it from the dangerous, extravagant,
and latitudinous tendencies to which it is daily ex-
posed, whenever you sever the direct and mutual
interest and responsibility that exists between the
representative and the people. I cannot disguise
the fact, or refrain from the expression of the belief
which I have long entertained, and which every
day's experience confirms, that the permanency
and security of this Government, are to be pre-
served and maintained- in a great measure by and
through the intelligence, the virtue, the patriotism,
the industry, morality, and integrity of the very
class of citizens whose interests it is my purpose
now to advance; and no tenet, no impression, no
sentiment, no truth under the sun, is so well cal-
culated to inspire them with a just appreciation of
this principle, this responsibility, and this solemn
truth, as to give them access to, and light upon the
various principles and interests of the Government
directly through their representatives, and the
means and information by which they can hold
them to a just and rigid accountability for their
official acts.
Abolish the franking privilege, and you force the
great mass of the people into one of two alterna-
tives—either to deny themselves of these advan-
tages on account of the inability of their represent-
atives, in a pecuniary point of, view, to subserve
them in this capacity; or, to the more dangerous
one, of consulting pecuniary qualification in the
selection of their officers—it may beat the sacrifice
of patriotism, talent, merit, and qualification; and
when you have done this, the genius of our insti-
tutions, the blessings of republicanism, and the
lights of liberty, have already been extinguished.
I am, for similar reasons, opposed to the abolition
of the franking privilege, as secured to and retained
in the hands of postmasters. They, too, are very
important officers and agents, both to the people
and the Government, and their compensation as
now fixed, in perhaps ninety-nine cases in a hun-
dred, is wholly inadequate to the duties and labors
most of them have to perform. Deprive them of
the privilege and advantage growing out of their
frank, and no man who has the requisite qualifi-
cation for a postmaster will feel disposed to neglect
his own business and interests to serve the Gov-
ernment at a rate that would amount to a gratuity
on his part. The inevitable consequence of whi-li
would be the neglect of their official duties, to the
certain and manifest detriment of the Government
and the people. These reasons, and others which
I have neither time nor inclination to trouble the
committee with, convince me that I would be doing
violence to a due sense of enlightened policy, pro-
