1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
160
able to fraternize in interest as well as sympathy.
Then may we harmonize in feelings as well as
purpose. Then will our position be elevated, our
aims honorable, our prowess invincible, and our
duration perpetual.
Mr. W. concluded by giving notice that- he
would, when in order, oner the following amend- :
ment, tocome in after the word " half cent " in
the 7th Kne and — section.
Provided, That where newspapers are sent through the
audi a distance less than fifty miles, no postage shall be
!1y
De
charged therooa. Jtni mriU, fmrtker, That "all laws re-
quiring the Postmaster General to diminish or discontinue
the service upon any mail route now established, where
the revenue fails to pay a certain amount of the expendi-
tnro4 be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. SWEETSER said: Mr. Chairman, I fee!
justified in detaining the committee in submitting
a few practical remarks on the bill now under con-
sideration.
The advocates of this bill, with the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, assume that this measure is demanded {
by an overpowering expression of the public will,
as shown by the numerous petitions which have j
flooded the committee from all sections of the !
Union; hot only demanding cheap postage, but all j
agreeing in fixing letter postage at two cents. |
1 admit that the petitions are numerous, and all j
concur in fixing the rates of postage m conformity i
With the provisions of this bill; yet, sir, I regard j
this coincidence, when examined, as a refutation I
of the assumptions of the advocates of this bill. I j
hare introduced a number of petitions. It occurred!
to me that it was strange that there should be such
unanimity of sentiment from all parts of the coun-
try, which led me to examine the petitions, when
I found that they were all uniform, printed upon
the same paper,and, doubtless, emanating from the
same source—some point in the eastern portion
of the Confederacy—-New York, Boston, or Phila-
delphia. Their presentation was simultaneous to
this House; which shows, beyond cavil, that the
facts upon which gentlemen predicate an argu-
ment in favor of the bill now under consideration,
and upon which legislation should always be
based—the popular will—cannot be Telied upon;
that instead of these petitions showing a sponta-
neous expression of popular sentiment, they de-
monstrate that this measure is desired by some
hot-bed interests located in the large cities of the
Union, which are at war with the interests of many
who have been induced to sign petitions; because
the combination which is to be affected favorably,
has had the address to deceive the unwary, and,, if
successful, Will fix a measure upon the country
Which will advance particular interests at the ex-
pense of the many; and, in addition thereto, take
from my constituents, and that section of country
from which I come, mail facilities which they now
enjoy, and prevent the increase of mail facilities
which are demanded by the growing interests of
the agricultural portion of the country, andreduce
the revenues of the Post Office Department below
a sustaining point, and ultimately charge the ex-
penses of that Department upon the General
Treasury.  0
- Mr. POTTER (Mr. Sweeties yielding) said
that his colleague was mistaken. It'is not pro-
posed to diminish mail facilities, nor to charge
the Post Office Department upon the Treasury.
There is a provision in the bill that the mail facili-
ties shall not be diminished.
Mr. SWEETSER. Sir, I speak from the record.
I inform my honorable friend, [Mr. Potter,] the
chairman who reported this bill, that the provision
which prohibits the decrease of mail facilities now
enjoyed is an amendment offered by the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell,] and
not a provision in the bill as reported by the com-
mittee, and is not now any portion of the bill, but
a pending amendment, with which the committee
and the honorable chairman had nothing to do.
Is my honorable colleague answered? Sir, I am
surprised that my honorable colleague should
have been so thoroughly imbued with the inter-
ests of the originators of this measure, as to have
become enlisted as he has with the advocacy of
a measure fraught, as I conceive, with so many
disastrous consequences to that section of the
country wich we Doth represent. It seems to me
that he should have seen and known that the
instrumentalities which originated this measure
were not only at war with the interests of the
western country, and had peculiar interests to be
sustained, which
revenues of the Post Office Department, go that
an appropriation would have to be made out of
the general Treasury to sustain the Department.
Indeed, this very bill aSks an appropriation of a
million and a half in order to meet an anticipated
' deficit in the revenues of the Department. In the
face of all these facts standing but upon therecoid,
and not denied by anybody 
Here Mr. POTTER again interrupted Mr. S.,
' and said, that it is not expected that the proposed
rates of postage will sustain the Department in
the inception. In time he was sure they would.
And he now informed his colleague that the mil-
lion and a half asked for was money which had
been paid overintothegeneral Treasury by the Post
Office Department, and he wanted it re funded. j
Mr. SWEETSER said he would not be drawn ,
! off from the drift of his argument to discuss the
finances of the Post Office Department. The fact
admitted was conclusive that a deficit in the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department was anticipa-
ted, and it is agreed on all hands in this discussion
that it is not to be conceded that in any modifica-
tion we may make in the rates of postage, that we
are to reduce the revenues below a sustaining
point. The honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Fowler] had fixed two cents postage
on letters as his maximum, and called that sum the
revenue point. He did not know upon what data
or authority the gentleman called two cents post-
age on letters a revenue point.
Mr. FOWLER here obtained the floor, (Mr.
S. yielding,) and said, that in his judgment two
cents postage on letters would in time increase
rather than diminish the revenue of the Depart
ment, and, he believed, in time would be 'ai
sufficient to sustain the Department. He hai
therefore, called it the revenue point, and he was
satisfied that he was right.
Mr. SWEETSER resuming said, that the hon-
orable gentleman had a right to his own Opinions
■and convictions in relation to a proposed measure.
He was sure that the gentleman, and others who
agreed with the honorable gentleman, would find
themselves mistaken. It was not for him to im-
pute motives, but he could not shut his eyes to the
passing events of this House during the last ses-
sion. He discovered that in all extravagant appro-
priations, and now in propositions which will
weigh down and embarrass the general Treas-
ury,—we see honorable gentleman, and those gen-
tlemen on the right who represent manufacturing
States and communities, voting for all such
measures.
Sir, I charge that many of the advocates of this
bill have an ulterior design. It emanates from a
section of the Union where'the advocates of a
high protective tariff formerly resided, *nd is advo-
cated by the supporters of a high protective tariff.
If those gentlemen can no longer openly advocatea
protective tariff in consequence of the repeated
condemnation of that odious measure by the peo-
ple, and the party who dared stake a political cam-
paign upon it,—they will nevertheless do indirectly
what they dare not do directly. They will ac-
complish what they deem a legitimate object, by
indirection.  
Here Mr. POTTER said, (Mr. S. yielding the
floor,) that all great reforms had their origin in i
a particular quarter. It was no disparagement i
that certain men, in a particular quarter, started
the reform. How was it with the great reformer
Martin Luther? The sublime truths which he
taught, and which have renovated the Christian
world, emanated from a particular quarter.
Mr. SWEETSER (continuing) said he did not j
purpose to drag into this debate the doctrines or j
reformation superinduced by the efforts of Martin |
Luther. He conceded to his colleague that the sug-
gestion was ingenious, but wanted point, inasmuch
as it had no application to the subject under dis-
cussion. He would repeat that the old advocates
of a high protective tariff are foremost in their ad-
vocacy of any and all measures of extravagance,
which would run up the expenses of the Govern-
ment to sixty or seventy millions per annum, and
when they had created that state of things, they
would yield gracefully to the Democratic doctrine
of a revenue tariff, which would be as high as
they can desire.
Sir, charge the Post Office Department upon the
general Treasury, and one step will be taken to-
! wards the accomplishment of that object.
Sir, I represent an agricultural people; my con-
stituents are opposed to a protective tariff—they
are in favor of a'revenue tariff, and an economical
administration of the Government. They are irt
favor of a reduction of postage down to any point
where the Department can sustain itself, but will
never consent that their mail facilities shall be
decreased, or that the Department shall become
bankrupt.
I will now state that I shall vote for the pending
amendment, which fixes letter postage at five cents,
uniform, all over the Union. Newspapers within
the State where published, one half cent; within
the county, free; out of the State, one cent; pam-
phlet postage in proportion. In my judgment,
that is as. low as we can safely go. I think we
hazard something in fixing the rate so low. If
thisbillcan be so amended, I shall vote for it on its
passage, otherwise I shall vote against it.
Allusion has been mode in this debate to the
English system. I do not intend to discuss the
English postal system. I will state, in general
terms, that we cannot assimilate ours to theirs,
I and no legitimate argument can be drawn fron*
j that system.
j Much has been said, in this House and out of
' this House, by the advocates of this measure, (and
j they were not a few out of the House,) that the
franking privilege is the great burden upon the
; Department, and if that privilege was abolished
! that the Department could sustain itself upon one
1 cent letter postage. Sir, I will not stop to exam-
; ine the conclusion. I will content myself by
! throwing back upon those who in tend to pass this
bill by advocating the abrogation of the franking
privilege, that I know of no member of Congress
that is particularly anxious to perform the labor
which that privilege imposes; yet I am not aware
that the people yield to the outcry against the
franking privilege. It is a privilege given to the
officer, or representative, for the benefit of his con-
stituents, and is mostly used for their benefit.
Now, I am not aware that gentlemen have re-
flected upon the practical results which would flow
from an-abrogationof the franking privilege. Sir,
I know of a number of poor men (soldiers) who
have had business to transact with the Govern-
ment in the settlement of their accounts, who would
have had to pay some five or six dollars of post-
age, if they had not had the benefit of my frank—
a substantial benefit to thenr, which was probably
more appreciated than the enjoyment of any other
blessing of the Government of which they are
conscious. Are gentlemen prepared to say that
'they intend to cut off from their constituents the
immense mass of public documents and speeches
which form so large a portion of the reading mat-
ter and libraries of our people who live in the-log
cabins of the country? Do gentlemen suppose
that the people will consent now to be deprived of
that authentic source of information .touching the
affairs of the Government, after having so long
enjoyed if?
Sir, I know many families in my district who
attaeh a high value to Congressional documents
and speeches; and in political canvasses, you will
find some of those men maintaining the doctrines
of their party, combatting error and' maintaining
truth with a Congressional document or speech in
their hand. Iam satisfied, sir, that my constitu-
ents fiighly prize these Congressional documents
and speeches, and desire a continuance of the
franking privilege, in order that such blessings may
be continued to them.
It is not in the mouth of the Post Office Depart-
ment to say that they are not paid for the free
matter passing through the mails. The fhcts are
otherwise. That Department is paid about two
hundred thousand dollars for that service. They
have, in addition, the whole of the postage col-
lected from the steam mail service to California,
and no charge is made to that Department for the
expenses of the mail-steamers. If theamount is
not sufficient, I am willing to appropriate a suffi-
cient sum. I shall never Vote to abrogate the
franking privilege whilst I have a seat on this floor.
Sir, I do not like another feature in this bill. It
makes an invidious distinction between individuals
residing upon the shores of the Atlantic and the
Pacific. The bill charges four times the postage
on letters to and from Oregon and California that
is charged this side of the Sierra Nevada and the
Rocky Mountains.
Sir, I am acquainted with the privations and
