172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
Kaufman, Preston Kin , La Sire, Leffler, LkMIdd, Job
Mann, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, Robert M.
McLane, McMullen, Mcaueen, Morrit, Morrison, Olds,
Peaslee, Peck, Pepn, Potter, Powell, Robbins, Robinson,
Root, Savsje, Sawtelle, Shepperd, Richard H. Stanton,
Stetson, Strong, Swectser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Venable, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn,
Wentworth, Whittlesey, Williams, and Young—78. .
So there not being two thirds, the rules were
not suspended.
Before the rote was announced,
Mr. RICHARDSON and Mr. HARRIS, of Il-
linois, who were without the bar when their names
were called, asked the unanimous consent of the
House for permission to record their votes.
Objection was made, and permission was not
granted.
THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. ROBINSON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill, with an accompany-
ing report, from the select committee appointed to
investigate in regard to any difficulty in the way
of the prompt execution of the bounty land law,
passed at the last session of Congress.
No objection being made, Mr. ROBINSON re-
ported from said committee a bill to insure the
prompt execution of the act approved September
28, 1850, granting bounty lands to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States; which having been
read twice by its title,
Mr. R. asked that the bill might be put upon its
passage; and said that before that was' done he
oegged leave to read the report accompanying the
bill.
" Mr. R., in his place, having commenced the
reading of the report, was interrupted by
Mr. KAUFMAN, who said: This seems to be
a very lengthy and important bill. I trust, there-
fore, that the bill (and tlifc report accompanying it
now proposed to be read) will be printed before
the House is compelled to act upon it. It can
cause a delay of but a few days, and I trust that
the gentleman from Indiana, instead of reading
the report, and-pressing the House to action upon
the bill, which seems to consist of eight or ten sec-
tion*, will. make it the special order for either
Wednesday or Thursday next. I will then move
that the report and bill be printed, so that mem-
bers may be able to read them privately and under-
stand them better. Under such an arrangement
we can dispose of the bill during this week.
• Mr. ROBINSON said: The gentleman from
Texas is mistaken as to the length of the bill. It
has been already sufficiently delayed, and I therer
fore call upon the friends of the bill' to press it
through now.
Mr. KAUFMAN. At all events the bill looks
very large, and appears to consist of nearly twelve
sections.
Mr. ROBINSON then read the report from the
Clerk's desk, as follows:
The Select Committee appointed under the reso-
lution of the House on the 5th instant to take into
consideration the " act granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States,"
passed September 28, 1850, and to report what
further legislation, if any, is necessary to insure
its execution in a reasonable length of time;
whether the existing regulations adopted by the
Commissioners of Pensions are in pursuance of the
spirit of the law; "what length of time under said
regulations it will probably require to execute the
same; whether additional force can or ought to be
employed;" make the following
REPORT:
' The committee met and entered upon the duties
assigned them immediately after their appointment,
and have been assiduously engaged upon their
labors almost daily, up to the present time. The
act referced to provided no means for its own exe-
cution, nor has there been any legislation since to
supply that omission. In its general provisions
it devolves the duty of its administration upon the
Secretary of the Department of the Interior, but
no additional clerical force is given, or special ap-
propriation is made, to enable that officer to carry it
into effect. That additional legislation is therefore
necessary, is at once apparent; and that this legis-
lation should be had without delay if the law is
to be carried out in the spirit indicated by Congress
in its passage, and rendered in reality an act ex-
pressive of the grateful acknowledgments on the
part of the country for services' long since per-
formed—an aot to ameliorate, in some degree, the
condition of those who, in the prime and vigor of
life, gave their strong arms and bold hearts to their
country's service when those services were needed,
and are now in many instances, in the evening of
their days, in poverty and want,no one, who will
give the subject the slightest attention, can doubt.
The law, as the Secretary of the Interior well
remarks, is a very "comprehensive" one, em-
bracing in its beneficent provisions, it is estimated,
not less than two hundred and fifty thousand per-
sons. These persons are scattered all over this
wide-epread land; some of whom may be found
in every town, village, or school district in the
United States; thus awakening by this general
diffusion, a deep interest, which pervades the whole
country, in favorof its prompt execution. Under
the then existing regulations, and as matters per-
taining to it stood, when this committee entered
upon this investigation, it must have been many
years before the objects of the act could have been
accomplished; but to these, a reference will be
made more in detail hereafter.
There are considerations so numerous and
powerful in favor of the early and liberal execu-
tion of the law, that the committee beg the indul-
gence of the House to briefly allude to some of
the more important before they enter into the
other branch of the subject. No prior act of Con-
gress of a character kindred to this, has met, the
committee believe, a more hearty and favorable
response from the great body of the people, and
none certainly embraced such a large number of
beneficiaries. And let us for a moment contem-
plate the age and probable condition in life of
these meritorious men.' Perhaps four fifths of the
whole are at this time over three score years of
age, many of them are over four score years. All
that highly meritorious class, who were engaged
in the sanguinary and terrible Indian- wars, near
the close of the last century—those who fought
under Harmar, St. Clair, and Wayne, must be
generally over eighty years of age. About sixty
years have elapsed since these veterans under-
went the privations and cruelties which charac-
terized those border wars against the savages. The
struggles in which these men were engaged are
regarded by many as but a continuation of the
revolutionary struggle itself, and only secondary
in importance in practical results. The public
sentiment of the country, in the opinion of 'this
committee, would even approve the pensioning of
these old soldiers; and far more urgently will it
demand the delivery to them of the inconsiderable
land bounty proposed in the law of the last session.
It requires no argument to show, that if they get
it at all, it must be given them with'outdelay; they
are rapidly passing away—sinking into the tomb
daily; and they must nearly all pass beyond the
jurisdiction ana protection of this Government in
a very few years. Both Congress and the Execu-
tive may relieve themselves from all duties per-
taining to this law, if they be regarded as disagree-
able or onerous, by a little cavil as to the provisions
of ways and means, or a little patriotic caution in
the adoption of rules and regulations to carry it
out. As a general rule, these old men are poor,
some of them living on the charity of their neigh-
bors—to such, this bounty, small as it is, would be
a great comfort to their rapidly-declining years,
and tend to smooth their path to the grave.
Besides these, there are the soldiers of the war
of 1812 with Great Britain—the most numerous
class of beneficiaries, not less, it is believed, than
three-fourths of the whole. These gallant men,
who shed so much lustre upon our arms, and
added so much to the glory and renown «of our
country, are rapidly treading upon the heels of
their predecessors of 1790 to 1795. Time, in their
cases, is scarcely less important than to the others.
Few, if any, of this class of beneficiaries can be
less than fifty-five years of age, and a majority are
undoubtedly over sixty. Every year rapidly
thins their ranks and withdraws a large number
from the benefits of this act by the hand of death.
From thirty-five to forty years have elapsed since
they rendered the service we at length propose to
acknowledge by this small bounty. The just ex-
pectations and liopes of all these defenders of their
country, whether against the savages under Har-
mar, St. Clair, and Wayne, or against the British
under Jackson or Harrison, will be cruelly disap-
pointed if unnecessary or unreasonable delay is
allowed in the execution of the law. And to
nearly all of those included in the provisions of
the law, whether they fought sixty years ago, or
but two years ago, this bounty, as lightly as some
of us may be disposed to appreciate it, is a matter
of importance. They are generally either abso-
lutely poor or but in middling circumstances,
mostly to this day, if physically able, working men
—a portion of the toiling millions—that class of
men who are the salt of the earth in peace and their
country's bulwark of defence in war; and states-
men and legislators should always remember, that
if, by their wickedness or folly, they either involve
their Government in debt, or precipitate it into a
war, that it is this class of men they most rely
upon at last, both to pay out and fight out of the
difficulty.
Another consideration, of itself urgent and con-
clusive, against delay and in favor of the earliest
possible action on this subject, is, that the bounty it-
self is daily and rapidly diminishing in value, and is
threatened in a short time to be made comparatively
worthless. Every day witnesses the rapid absorp-
tion ofaomeofthe public domain. Itistakenupby
preemption, private entry, donations by Congress
to the States for internal improvements and other
purpose*; and if a pending bill before Congress
becomes a law, which proposes to give the public
lands to actual settlers, this bill for the soldiers is
little better than a mockery. If they do not de-
sire to locate their warrants for actual settlement,
they are worthless, because no one will purchase
warrants for such a purpose when they can get
the lands for nothing; and if they do desire lands
for actual occupation, they will take the much
easier and shorter road by moving on to them at
once, without waiting the slow and tedious admin-
istration of this law, for a long series ofyears, to
furnish them a certificate of location. The com-
mittee do not desire to prejudice the proposition
alluded to, nor to express any opinion upon its
merits, further than to say, that in view of the
probability of its passage at no distant day, it is
but justice that the soldiers' bounty land should
be executed in advance of it, and it behooves its
friends to favor the adoption of all proper means
to insure it.
Influenced by motives and considerations of the
foregoing character, the committee directed their
labors more to the point of devising ways and
means for the execution of the law as it is than to
its alteration or amendment. After agreeing, how-
ever, upon-a hill to effect the first object, they have
also agreed upon some alteration* as to die con-
struction given it by the Secretary of the Interior;
Though there are many amendments which the
committee, if they consulted their own individual
views, would desire to see made, yet in view of
the contrariety of opinion that is known to pre*
vail as to what these should be, they unanimously
conclude that it is better, first, to provide for the
execution of the law as it-stands, leaving to sub-
sequent legislation the enlargement of the scope
of its provisions.
As before remarked, the administration of this
law devolves upon the Department of the Interior;
and though there is nothing in' the terms of the
law requiring it, the Secretary of that Department,
Eursuing the course adopted in reference to the
fexican bounty land law, has assigned its imme-
diate management to the
PENSION OPFICE.
This Bureau has recently undergone a change
in its head and its principal clerk. Both the pres-
ent Commissioner and the present chief clerk took
their places in that office about the first of the
last month, so that whatever exists in its pres-
ent condition, or whatever has been done loolcing
to the execution of the act under consideration, is
neither a subject of praise nor censure so far as
tliey are concerned, except since they entered upon
their duties; nor is it the purpose of the committee
to bestow either, further than a statement of facts
may be regarded as the one or the other.
The Secretary of the Interior, in his interviews
and correspondence with the committee, appeared
to manifest a strong disposition in favor of the
early execution of the law, and appeared to enter-
tain no doubt of the practicability of administer-
ing it promptly; and if the committee could have
found a like disposition and spirit, and evidence to
warrant it, in the Pension Office itself, they would
have been gratified. They are constrained to say,
however, that when they looked into that office,
