1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOWS.
ItS
conferred with its clerks, examined its condition,
and learned something of the details of the busi-
ness to be done, and the manner and degree of
dispatch it was being done, they found far less I
encouragement than in the sanguine opinions and
expectations of the Secretary—opinions and ex-
pectations entertained doubtless more with a refer-
ence to what ought to be done than what will be I
under existing regulations.
The act under consideration has been the law of
the land about ninety days, yet not a warrant had
been issued when the committee last heard from
that Bureau, nor are they advised when it will
commence the issue. Over thirty thousand appli-
cations hare reached the office, and they are rap-
idly accumulating.
It is not pretended, as will hereinafter appear,
that this unexpected delay is attributable to want of
clerical force at all, but other and entirely different
reasons are given. The first one alleged is, that en-
gravings upon which to print the blanks have been
ordered, and have not been furnished. The late
Commissioner Edwards, who was called before
the committee, states that all the regulations were
made without consulting him, and that had he
beea permitted, he could have issued with much
less force than has been in the Pension Office for a
month past, about two thousand five hundred war-
rants. The committee have not been able to learn
why it should take ninety days to procure en-
gravings, and consequently feel compelled to re-
gard this reason for such long delay, as insuffi-
cient and unsatisfactory.
Another reason for delay, very frequently urged
at the Pension Office, and which has misled many
members of Congress as well as a portion of the
committee, until the facts were investigated, is, that
it was useless to commence the issue because the
^hird Auditor, who has charge of most of the
rolls where the comparisons have to be made, can
only examine and certify a limited number daily,
and that when they do commence the issue, they
.can dispatch cases much more rapidly than the
Third Auditor can return them from his office.
The committee find this reason destitute of found-
ation. They must be allowed to remark that they
found little justification in the apparent condition
and. efficiency of the Pension Bureau to warrant the
allegation of less efficiency in another. 'Whatever
may be the condition of the Third Auditor's of-
fice, of which thS committee will speak hereafter,
the responsibility for the delay in the issue of
these warrants will not at present rest there.
When the Pension Office shall be actually ob-
structed or brought to a stand in the execution of
this law by delay in the Third Auditor's office,
then the responsibility may be thrown upon it;
but when the former, in its preparation to dis-
charge its own duties in relation to this law, had
only sent to that office about fifteen hundred cases
out of thirty thousand on file, about half of which
had been compared with the rolls and returned,
there is little cause, the committee think, in either
^Bureau for any display as to a capacity to dispatch
business.
The Pension Office had, when the committee
entered upon the investigation of this subject, pur-
sued the quite unnecessary practice of sending all
cases indiscriminately, whether accompanied by
the original certificate of discharge or not, to the
Third Auditor's office to be compared with the
rolls; that is, that class of cases that embrace the
war of 1812 and back to 1790—as the rolls cover-
ing this period, if in existence, are in that office.
This practice, at the suggestion of the committee,
so far as it relates to those having original certifi-
cates of discharge, has been discontinued. It is
believed by the committee, that about one fourth
of the whole number are of this character. In ad-
dition to these, there is all of that class of cases
frowing out of the war subsequent to 1812, em-
racing the Seminole, the Creek, the Florida, the
Black Hawk, and perhaps other Indian wars, the
' rolls pertaining to which are in the Second
Auditor's or Adjutant General's office, and not
under the control of the Third Auditor. If the
committee are right in their esitmate of the num-
ber of cases accompanied with discfiarges, (and
they think, from their own observation and what
they learn from the registering clerks at the Pen-
sion Office, they have made it low enough,) there
are now on file in that office not less than seven thou-
sand five hundred such cases. Add to these the
number referable to the other Bureaus, which is
considerable, and there are now eight thousand or
, nine thousand cases in the Pension Office ready, so
far as the authentication of the cases is concerned,
I for the issue of warrants. The committee think,
1 that with this advantage in favor of the Third Au-
! ditor it will not be difficult for him to keep ahead of
| the Pension Office in the discharge of his share of
I ; the duties.
It was suggested, however, by the clerk who
seems to be at the head of what business has been
done in that office looking to the execution of this
law, that a rule of the Secretary of the Interior re- j
quired cases to be taken up in the order they are
filed, and that therefore cases authenticated by dis-
charges must await their proper turn, and could
not be taken up in advance of others previously
, filed, and not so authenticated. It is obviously
I very proper to act upon these cases, as near as is
I consistent with the public interest, according to
priority of filing, but the committee think it
should not be held so inviolable as to allow this
business to be brought to a dead stand. _
The recent change of officers in the Pension
Bureau was somewhat embarrassing to the com-
mittee in the ascertainment of facts as to the actual
state of its business, and what would be proper to
be done in the premises. Such correspondence
and testimony as was had and token are append-
ed, but the committee learned much more by
personally looking into the office and conferring
with its clerks. They regret to say that they
: found it in much apparent confusion, and, as rep-
resented by the present chief clerk, greatly in ar-
.. rears in its current business.
It will be seen by the Commissioner's letter that
he recommends a reorganization of the whole Bu-
reau. The committee did not feel authorized, un-
, der the resolution of theirappointment, to entertain
, the proposition. They conceived theirduties con-
fined to the single •subject-matter of the bounty
land law, and the provision of ways and means
to execute i t; and they have endeavored to perform
this service, interfering as little as possible with
the existing current duties of that Bureau, with
' which they think the administration of this law
; should be connected as little as possible, if it is to
\ i be executed with vigor.
j1 It appears, by reference to the Commissioner's
! letter, that since the first of October, thirty-seven
i; clerks have been appointed in that office with a
view to aid in the execution of this bounty land
j law.
; " This force, (says the Commissioner,) with the
•eighteen clerks who have been heretofore em-
! 'ployed upon the bounty land business under the
j ' act of the 11th of February, 1847, some of whom
< ' can be transferred from that business, as it is now
[ 'drawing to a close, it is thought will be suffi-
j '•cient." This makes the whole number of clerks
in that Bureau sixty-five. Some of the committee
\ thought this an extravagant force, but in view of
the urgent and paramount necessity of having this
law executed without delay, it is thought best to'
: authorize it, or, in other words, legalize, so far as
, the number is concerned, the appointments already
made. If Congress furnishes the means stated
\ by the proper executive department to be neces-
sary for this object, the responsibility will then
'< rest in the right quarter, and the committee are dis-
| posed to leave them without excuse on this point.
' Inasmuch, however, as this bounty land busi-
ness has no necessary connection with the other
j and current duties of that Bureau, and as the com-
mittee regard the speedy exeeutioh of this' law for-
t the time being as of more importance than its other
1 business, they have in some degree provided by
the bill which they present, to have it a separate
organization. This arrangement .meets the views
' of the Secretary of the Interior, and the bill agreed
, upon is approved in this respect by that officer. It
; provides for a principal clerk to take charge of
i this business, at a salary of sixteen hundred dol-
i lars per annum, and an assistant clerk at a salary
: of fourteen hundred dollars per annum, and five
i clerks at four dollars per day, and thirty at the
1 usual per diem pay of three dollars thirty-three
, and one third cents. The principal clerk to be au-
1 thorized to sign the warrants and frank all mail
! matter pertaining to his business. This organiza-
! tion, if it has a proper bead, it is believed, will
1 greatly facilitate and expedite the issue of war-
i rants. Much depends upon the head, however;
i he should be a man who would bring into the
i office an amount of vigor and energy which does
not characterize the ordinary current business in
that Bureau. The law ought to be, and it is be-
lieved it might be, executed in the main in less than
two years. The applications on file should be
acted upon without delay, and the business brought
up, and kept up, so that beneficiaries could avail
themselves of the advantages of an early location
of their warrants. It is believed applications hava
come in for a month past rather more rapidly than
they will hereafter, and that they will greatly di-
minish in number in two or three months.
As it was important to form some estimate of
the number of warrants that could be issued daily,
the committee made some inquiry upon this point.
Mr. Berrett, a former chief clerk of the Pension
Office, and who took charge of it under an accu-
mulation of twenty thousand cases, states, that
" with thirty-five or forty clerks who were then.
' engaged in the Pension Bureau, besides disposing
•of the ordinary current business of the office,
' there were issued upon an average about two hun-
' dred warrants daily." If a corresponding num-
ber compared with the increase of force proposed,
can be issued under this law—and the committee
see no reason why it should not be done—they
ought to issue at least four hundred per day, or at
least ten thousand per month. The present Com-
missioner, in his letter, states that one clerk will
fill up warrants and notifications for only about
twenty-five cases daily, and that one clerk can in-
dex or register about fifty or sixty cases per day—
i that is, during office hours. The committee be-
lieve a competent clerk could in both cases do
more. Some complaint was made to the commit-
tee about inadequacy of salaries, and the Commis-
sioner, in his letter, states that some clerks have
resigned, and others threatened to do so, on this
account. The committee are not advised, but if
he alludes to such as can dispatch no more busi-
ness than the amount referred to above, such re-
signations are not, and will not be, a public calam-
ity, for they are confident more expert ones
might be easily commanded, if a little pains and
range were allowed in making selections. The
committee, however, do not desire to be under-
stood as making this remark general, or as of ex-
clusive application to the Pension Office; for they
have reason to believe that there are some very
faithful and competent men in that office, whose
salaries, too, are lower than corresponding situa-
tions in other Bureaus, among whom they take
pleasure in naming the present chief clerk, Mr.
Evans. There are many, very many faithful and
industrious men at the desks in the Departments
of this Government—men who earn all they get;
but, as a general rate, it is not possible for this to
be the case with those who work but six hours
per dayi the office hours of these Departments.
Clerkships range from $1,000 to $2;000 per an-
num—a higher sum than is paid to many of our
Governors and Chief Justices in the States. It
may be necessary, in this expensive city, for men
who have to maintain families, to have incomes
ranging with these amounts, but then they should
earn them—should render a corresponding amount
of service. Men in every respect of equal quali-
fications, get in mercantile and other employments
much less, and work from twelve to sixteen hours •
per day. The committee do not propose, in this
particular instance, to adopt any new rule, but
they think it a proper occasion to condemn the
practice which exists.
THE THIRD AUDITOR'S BtTREAtT.
A very laborious part of the service connected
with the administration of this law, devolves upon
this Bureau. As remarked under the former head,
all the rolls, if in existence, relating to services
during and prior to the war of 1812, are deposited
in this office. Those pertaining to the war with
Great Britain are represented to be generally pre-
served, while those of the wars prior were, with
few exceptions, destroyed by fire in 1814. The
committee, early in their investigations, addressed
a letter to the Third Auditor, making certain in-
quiries, which, together with his two replies, are ap-
pended. [See App., 4, 5, 6.] They also visited
his rooms, and examined the rolls for themselves,
and took the evidence of Mr. Rind, who has had
charge of them, as he testifies, for about twenty
years. [See App., No. 15.1 They found the
rolls much more voluminous than they expected,
deposited in the basement of the Treasury build-
ing, and not well arranged for ready reference.
Their examination is, necessarily, a tedious, and
