1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
February, 1847, was not subject to this restriction;
and it is not very faltering to the old soldier to thus
tell him he shall not manage his own business.
The committee imagine there are few of these
men themselves who would complain because they,
were invested with the control of their own
property, as other citicens are. Nor is it by any
mean* certain that the provision, if continued, will
prevent speculation, and serve as a protection to
the soldier; for if he cannot assign his warrant, he
will allow another to locate "it for him, and may
make a deed for the land, which would undoubt-
edly occur in a large class of cases, and the re-
striction would therefore only operate to lessen the
in value of the warrant in proportion as it reases 1
the trouble, expense, and hazard of the sale.
construction as to eneaoement and skrtice.
The committee learn that a construction has been
given to this law in reference to the words " en-
gaged and actually served," in the first section of
the bill, which, though perhaps warranted by the
words themselves, could not have been, in the opin-
ion of the committee, the intention of Congress. "
It is deeided that these words, " engaged and ac-
tually served," must be taken and construed to 1
make the engagement to serve as indispensable as :
the actual service. That is, that if a soldier en- i
gaged to serve but three months, though he may
nave actually served twelve, yet he is only enti-
tled to forty acres of land-, or, if he engaged to serve ,
dix months, and was taken prisoner and kept in 1
-captivity twelve months, or any longer period, he ,
is only entitled to eighty acres. Ijie committee 1
add a section to the bill which they present, re- [
quiring a different construction to tie given to the
act. It provides, that where service exceeds the
engagement, that they shall be entitled in the ratio
the bill provides according to length of actual ser-
vice, without reference to engagement.
Mr. ROBINSON said:
• It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, after read- jj
ing my report, to detain the House with a speech, I
further than to give an outline of the cause and J
character of the bill. I think that those who have f j
listened to the report-, will be satisfied to vote upon 1
the bill without further discussion. That report |(
was one in which all the members of the commit- ■
tee concurred.
The bill itself proposes to do nothing more than
to legalize the appointments made by the Secreta-
ry of the Interior of thirty-seven clerks, and to
organize those clerks so as in some degree to keep
them separate from the Pension Bureau. I hold
that Congress should act without delay, and pass
this bill, and thus leave the Executive Department
-without any excuse for further delay in the exe-
cution of the law. There is no valid or sufficient
excuse new, why these warrants , should not be
issued at the rate of five hundred per day. None
whatever. If the Secretary of the'lnterior thought
it necessary, without the authority of law, to ap-
point clerks, why did he not set them to work
immediately? What has he been doing with
them? Why have not the warrants been issued?
The idea that he had to wait four months for the
engraving, is perfectly ridiculous; for every one
knows it could be procured in a much shorter
time, and that the delay was therefore quite un-
necessary. It looks to me—although I do not
make such a charge—that there is a disposition to
embarrass the execution of this law as long as pos-
sible, so as to defeat it. It is throwing impedi-
ments and obstructions in the way, to impress
Congress with the idea that the law cannot he ex-
ecuted, and hence to induce its repeal. Pass this
bill, and let us see what they will say then.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
Will the gentleman from Indiana yield me the
floor for a few moments ?
Mr. ROBINSON. Certainly.
.Mr. JOHNSON. By the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, I wish to ask a single*
question. I understand him to say, that all this
bill does is to legalize what the Secretary of the
Interior has already done. I understand by that
that the Secretary of the Interior has a sufficiently
large force of clerks already employed to carry
on the business of this department of the Pension
Office. The object of this bill is merely intended,
then, to legalize what has been already done.
I consider this a very important bill, and I think
there ought to be some amendments made. You
will not, by postponing the bill, impede the issue |
of a single warrant, as it in merely to legalize what ,
has already been done, should the consideration
of this hill be postponed till some future day, so
as to have the report and bill printed; the House
can then act understandingly upon it.
Mr. ROBINSON, (in continuation.) I will an-
swer the question of the gentleman from Tennes- <
i see, in so tar as the number of clerks in the Pension
| Office is concerned, that the bill proposes to do
| nothing more than to legalize that number- it
; does, however, propose, in addition, to organize
' that force.—to give it a head, a chief clerk, whose
salary is to be $1,600 per annum, to manage this
business, so as to keep it separate, as much as
possible, from the other bureaus,
i Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
| Indiana again to yield the flooi*.
1 Mr. ROBINSON complied.
| Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the gentjenwn,
! then, to say this: that the force is already em-
1 ployed, and it must therefore have some kind of
: organization. The work, then, is progressing;
I and the postponement of this bill for some two or
j three days, in order to have it and the report
printed, cannot impede the issue of a single war-
. rant.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will, at all events, test the
sense of the House upon this question. I call for
the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a point of
order; and my point of order is, that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] had yielded the
floor, finally and absolutely, to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Indiana himself whether he had not
done so, and whether he did not ask permission
of the gentleman from Tennessee to make an ex-
planation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognised the
gentleman from Tennessee, and asked the gentle-
man from Indiana if he yielded the floor. He
replied that he did, and the Chair continued to
recognize the gentleman from Tennessee as enti-
tled to the floor.
■Mr. McCLERNAND. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Indiana whether my statenzent of the
case is not correct ?
The SPEAKER. The Chqir has recognized
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robixson} as
entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROBINSON. I was about to yield the
floor and take my seat 'when the gentleman from
Tennessee rose and requested me to give way to
him, and I then yielded it. I rose again to answer
him, still intending to yield the floor, but when I
found that he meant to delay action on the bill, I
changed my purpose.
' "' CLERNANJ).
Sac. 2. And t* it further enacted, That the salaries of
the said clerks to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall
be graduated as follows, to wit: A principal clerk at a sal-
ary of $1,600 per annum, and one principal assistant at a
salary of $1,400 per annum;—it shall be the duty of the
said principal clerk, under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, to take charge of all business coming
before the said office under the act approved September
98th, 1850, and that the said principal clerk shall have power
to sign for the Commissioner of Pensions all certificate* of
location issued under said act, and to frank all matter ap-
pertaining to the same;—five clerks at a compensation of
four dollars per diem each, and thirty clerks at a compen-
sation of three dollars and thirty-three and a third cents per
diem each. *
Sac. 3. dnd beit further tnacted, That in all casea where
the military service provided for by the act of 28th Septem-
ber, 1850, jcannot be verified by the muster rolls, it may be
established under such roles and regulations as the Secre-
tary of tike Interior may prescribe, by ttie testimony of two
or morie credible persons ai to the respectability of the ap-
plicant, and the general belief and tradition of such service
having been performed. That where, in the case of the
claim of a widow of a deceased ofiieer or soldier, no public
1 or private record of the marriage exists, or can be readily
, procured in the county where the party resides, the fact of
; the marriage may be established by the testimony of two or
more respectable persons that the parties lived together as
man and'wife, and were so reputed to be; and that a cer-
tificate, under seal, from the clerk of any probate court, or
court of record, shall be deemed sufficient to establish the
fact of widowhood and heirship: Provided, That the pro-
, visions of this section shall not be considered as author-
, izing any change in the requirements of the rules and regu<-
j lations qow in force ui)der previous bounty land or pension
SeC. 4. And be if further enacted, That the Secretary of
t tile Treasury be, and he is hereby* authorized to employ
I is the office of the Third Auditor, foe the purpose of exam-
ining and making certificates from tye muster rolls of the
i war of 1812, and of certain Indian wars, such number of
clerks (not exceeding twenty) as may be necessary to the
prompt dispatch of such certificates; the said clerks to re-
cei ve the following rates of compensation for their services:
Qne principal clerk at a salary of $1,600 per annum; four
clerks at four dollars'per diem etich; and the remainder at
three dollars and thirty-three and one third cents per diem
each.
$bc. 5. *4nd be ft farther enacted, That where any sol-
dier, entitled to bounty land under the provisions of this act.
or the actto which this is an amendment, shall have served
for a longer period than he at first engaged to serve, he shall
be entitled to iteceive bounty land according to the ratio
and to the exteatof such service, without regard bo the term
of his engagement.
Mr. MILLER, of Ohio, rose and said, I would
ask the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson]
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then do I understand
y friend from Indiana to say that he had not
yielded the floor ?
~ - j not en-
The previous question is de-
Mr. ROBINSON
tirely.
The SPEAKER.
manded on the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the gentleman from In-
diana to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for a moment. I want to be hieard on
this question.
The SPEAKER. Does, the gentleman with-
draw the demand ?
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not.
Mr. VINTON. I hope we shall not have Ae
Cpious question till the hill is read. The bill
never been read through yet. I say it is out
of order.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I object to the reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to the
Heading of the bill, the question will be put to the
House whether the bill shall be read.
The question was then taken, and the House
decided m favor of the reading of. the bill.
The Clerk read the bill. It is a# follow*:
A BILL to insure the prompt execution of die act approved
September 98ih, 1850, " granting bounty land to certain
officers aod soldiers who have bees engaged the mili-
tary service of the United States."
Sec. 1- Be it enacted hy the Senate and Havse of Rep-
reeentativei of the Unite* States of America in Congrats
eutemilei, That to provide wore efficiently for tbe prompt
execution of the " act granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who haVfe been engaged in the military
service of the United States," passed September 98,1850,
the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, author-
ised to appoint as many additional derfcS in the EeoBion
Office as he shall deem necessary for that purpose: Provi-
ded, That the wbote number of clerks In said Psafton Qf-
(le« shelf not exeeed
to withdraw his motion foe the previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON having withdrawn the motion
for the previous question,
Mr. MILLER continued: Mr. Speaker, I waa
a member of the committee from which the report
that has been read emanated, and in the explana-
tion I wish to make I am desirous of correcting a
statement made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Robinson,] in the course of his remarks.
He said that the committee unanimously concurred
in making the report in question.
Now, sir, I did not agree to that report. I did
not, and do not, believe that the bill that is now
upon our tpble ought to he passed; at least, in its
present state. It was in evidence before the com-
mittee that not more than twenty clerks could be.
employed profitably. In this light I regarded the
testimony adduced, and arrived at the conclusion
that the bill ought not to pass. Now, sir, the bill
proposes to legalize the appointment of thirty-seven
clerks under a chief clerk, when this very chief
clerk testifies, as is seen by the testimony, that
twenty clerks can easily issue four hundred war-
rants per day. As the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Robinson] has already remarked, this ap-
pointment of clerks has been made in the office
without authority of law, and 1 think that this
I House, in view of this fact, ought, instead of pass-
! ing the bill, to prefer an impeachment against the
! Department for such a usurpation of the powers
! of Congress. These clerks have been appointed
' without the shadow of authority, and alarger num-
ber than can possibly be profitably employed,
! and their amount of compensation is also already
; decided upon. And nowthe Departmentcomes here
to have these appointments and compensation; le-
galized. If there were no other objection to the
bill, I think this would be a valid and sufficient
one. In addition to which, as I have stated, the
number of clerks appointed is much too large.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] hav-
ing withdrawn his motion for the previous ques-
tion to accommodate me, I renew it.
Mr. BAYLY. I wish to say a few words.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
isg been demanded, the gentleman from Virginia
is out of order in submitting any remarks until
that motion is disposed of. .
