1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
thousand; and its general style and appearance do
not comport with the buildings which are erected
in other places for purposes of that kind. They
ask for an appropriation not exceeding f45,000 for
the erection of a new custom-house and securing
a suitable site, in which also rooms may be fur-
nished for the accommodation of the United States
courts. I move its reference to the Committee on
Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from
citizens of Weston, in the State of Missouri, ask-
ing that an island in the Missouri river opposite
that city, may be granted for the purpose of im-
proving the navigation of the Missouri river;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, four memorials of citizens of Platte county,
Missouri, remonstrating against such grant; which
were likewise referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial frofti citi- :
xens of Tuckerton, in the State of New Jersey,
asking Congress to make an appropriation for the
Washington monument, now in process of erec- -
tion at the city of Washington; which was re- ]
fierred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of the pres- .
ident, directors, and company of the East Ten-
nessee and Virginia railroad, asking Congress to ,
make a donation of public lands in aid of the con- j
struction of said road. i
This company proposes to make a railroad one
hundred and twenty miles long, which will be the '
connecting link between those roads which are j
being constructed in the North and South and the ,
East and West, but the resources of that section
of country will not enable them to complete it very
rapidly, and they pray Congress to make a dona- !'
tion of public lands to aid in the construction of'
that road, in consideration mainly that it will con- :
tribute more to the business and convenience of'
other portions of the Union than it will to East i
Tennessee. It was referred to the Committee on ,
Roads and Canals.
Mr. BORLAND presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Arkansas, asking the establishment
of a tri-weekly stage line from Pine Bluff to Fort
Smith, and the alteration of certain other mail
routes; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, resolutions for the same, in favor of ex-
tending the mail route recently established from
Arkadelphia to the county seat of Montgomery
county, to Waldren, m Scott county; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from citizens of Stockbridge, in the State of
Massachusetts, asking the adoption of measures
for the amicable adjustment of international contro-
versies; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, from the legal voters of Hadley, Massa-
chusetts, in favor of the same object; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of David
Feller, asking an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a preamble
and resolutions passed by the Legislature of Iowa,
in favor of the construction of a military road
from the Council Bluffs Indian Sub-Agency to Sac-
ramento City; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
Also, a resolution from the same, in favor of
the construction of a military road from Agency
City to a point opposite to Council Bluffs; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals.
Also, a preamble and resolution from the same,
in favor of the purchase of the Indian titles in
Nebraska and the removal of the Indians from
that Territory ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the Terri-
tory of Oregon, asking the extinguishment of the In-
dian title, and the removal of the Indians from cer-
tain portions of said country; payment of the debt
growing out of the recent Indian war, and the debt
occasioned by the maintenance of the Provisional
Government; establishment of military posts for
the protection of emigrants; donations of land to
citizens and emigrants; change in the place for the
delivery of mails transmitted from New York;
construction of roads, purchase of the lands held by
thePuget Sound Agricultural Society; exploration
of the Territory; establishment of a branch mint;
and the improvement of the moutlr of Columbia
river; which was referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. JONES presented a preamble and resolu-
tion, passed by the Legislature of Iowa, in favor
of the construction of a military road from the
Council Bluffs Indian Sub-Agency to Sacramento
City; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a memorial from
citizens of New Haven, in the State of Connecti-
cut, asking an appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
^ ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of John Timberlake, asking a modifica-
' tion of the tariff, and the memorial of the City
Council of St. Louis, asking the right of way and
1 a donation of land for the Pacific railroad, reported
1 against printing the same; which was agreed to.
i Also, from the same committee, reported the
following resolution:
Resolved, Thatthe resolution of the Senate, adopted De-
cember 5, 1850, directing "that the President's message
and accompanying documents be printed and bound in two
I parts," &c., be and the same is hereby rescinded as re-
! spects the binding.
! Mr. BORLAND. I will simply remark, that at
the time the resolution was adopted directing the
President's message an4 accompanying documents
to be bound in two volumes, it was supposed that
they would make a I&rger document than the
printer now finds they will make. It is now
found that they will not make a document too
larg« for one volume, and hence the committee
have reported this resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to furnish the Senate with the reports of Dr. J. O. Edwards
and Dr. 6. B. Loring on the subject of marine hospitals;
said Edwards and Loring having been appointed by the
President to investigate the subject of marine hospitals and
to report thereon.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Territories be in-
structed to inquire what legislation may be necessary, if
any, to compensate the Government and people of Oregon
for expenses incurred in the " Cayuse war" (so called) in
1847 and 1848.
BILLS FROM HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
A message was received from the Hquse of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, announ-
cing the passage of sundry bills, and asking the
concurrence of the Senate in the same.
The following House bills were then severally
read a first and second time by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions:
An act for the relief of Eleanor Davidson;
An act granting a pension to Sarah A. Bush;
An act granting a pension to Mary Pike, widow
of Ezra Pike;
An act for the relief of Joseph Johnson;
An act for the relief of John M. Rosbury;
An act for the relief of Thomas R. Saunders;
An act for the relief of William Sparks;
An act to increase the pension of Henry Click,
of Cocke county, Tennessee;
An act for the relief of Warren Raymond; and
An act for the relief of George S. Claflin.
The following House bills were severally read
a first and second time by their titles and referred
to the Committee of Claims:
An act for the relief of Monmouth B. Hart, Joel
Kelly, and William Close, securities for the late
Benjamin Hart, a purser in the United States navy;
An act for the relief of Polly Carver, executrix
of Nathan Carver;
An act for the relief of John Poe, of Louisville,
Kentucky; -
An act for the relief of Captain William Duer-
son, of Indiana; and
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Bernard Todd, deceased.
The following House bills were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce:
An act for the relief of Edmund Dexter, of Cin-
cinnati;
An act for the relief of Adolphus Meier-& Co.,
of St. Louis; and
An act to compensate and reimburse the owne -s
and crew of the whaling ship Chandler Price the
j losses and expenses incurred in ransoming tlie
crew of the ship Columbia.
i The following House bills were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary:
; An act to provide for the payment of certain
! moneys to the legal representatives of Conrad Ten
j Eyck, late marshal of the district of Michigan,
deceased;
An act to provide compensation to William
Woodbridge and Henry Cnipman, for services in
adjusting titles to lands in Michigan, and for other
purposes.
An act for the relief of Sarah Duncan, widow
of Silas Duncan, late master commandant in the
United States Navy, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of Thomas Rider, a British
subject, was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
An act for the relief of John Deammit was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
RIVER NAVIGATION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Committee on Com-
merce have reported a bill making some provision
in regard to the navigation of our waters by steam-
boats. I hold in my hand a series of amendments
which I wish to offer to that bill when it comes
up. These amendments are taken from the laws
of Kentucky. They provide a system of regula-
tions which are for the government of boats in
passing each other to avoid collision. I believe
that various western States have legislated upon
this subject, and in their legislation nave adopted
contradictory and repugnant regulations. The
system adopted by Indiana, for instance, gives
particular directions for the passage of boats, and
the system adopted by the State of Kentucky
conflicts with it. It therefore becomes necessary,
in my judgment, that Congress should legislate
upon the subject and adopt a system of regulations
applicable to it. I therefore desire to submit these
amendments, which are taken from the laws of
Kentucky, and ask that they may be printed, thit
Senators may have an opportunity to consider
them before the bill comes up, and be prepared to
act upon them when it shall be before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. They will be received in-
formally, but they cannot be received as amend-
ments, the bill not being before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the bill to which the
Senator refers is now with the committee and not
yet reported. The bill was recommitted to the
Committee on Commerce at this session, and it is
now undergoing further revision, and has not
again been reported to the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thought I had seen
the printed bill, but if it has been recommitted I
will nand my amendments to the committee in-
formally.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to submit a motion to
take up a bill that it may be made a special order,
if such a motion would be now in order. With
that view, I move that the Senate now take up the
bill to provide for the ascertainment and satisfac-
tion of claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st day of
July, 1801.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut that the action of the Senate
at this session has been to make as few special or-
ders as possible, and in that way I believe the Sen-
ate will dispatch more business. I would suggest
to the Senator the propriety of letting the bill take
its course with others on the calendar.
Mr. SMITH. The bill was reported at a very
early day of the last session of Congress, with a
hope and expectation that it would receive consid-
eration at the hands of the Senate during that ses-
sion. The consideration of it, however, was posU
