188
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
Jan. 7,
this House ? It ia too monstrous a doctrine to de-
serve refutation, even if it were not expressly pro-
hibited by Congress. It is a principle at enmity |
with, ana utterly subversiveof the spiritof repub-
licanism. For a single man to vote twice, is an
offence against the rights g£ others, which deserves
to be punished with th^peiytentiary; for four
towns to be admitted to a double voice, and to
have two votes, while other people.of the country
have but one, is a proposition too repulsive to be
taken into consideration. We shall show our-
selves utterly below the people, in our sense of
propriety«nd justice, to acton this hypothesis in
a single case.
Some year* since, a prominent politician in
New Hampshire was charged with voting twice
•tan election; and the circumstances, or facts, or
allegations, I forget which, being: rather strong
against him, he came nigh losing his good name
forever, even among his own party. To call him
"the double -voter," was to brand him with an
epithet, as opprobrious as that of rogue. But here,
gentlemen argue the commonness and propriety
of double voting, with as much coolness as they
would demonstrate a proposition in mathematics,
and with shocking gravity ask this House to admit
double representation—to admit it, too, against
the express law of the land!
But it is said that Wilson's district is rendered a
non-entity, by the repeal of the law of 1846 in the
act of 1850, and that, therefore, a precept could
not be issued by the Governor to what had no ex-
istence. 1 think that I have shown that the dis-
tricting of1846 was neither repealed nor repealable,
{■serf the Thirty-firat Congress. But to waive
that for a moment, it may be safely alleged that
the contestant needs only the stipulations of the
Constitution to give him his place ia this House.
In the second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution, ia contained the following clause:
" Whea vacancies happen in the representation of any
State, the Executive authority thereof (bail iarae writ  of
election to fill mcli vacancies."
The Governor of New Hampshire need not
look to the statute book of the State to find a de-
scription of his duty when a vacancy happens in
the delegation. It is pointed out in the organic
law of the land, and his duty, without looking to
the districting law of the State passed in 1850, was
to inquire which district, as represented by the
delegation, was vacant, and then to issue his pre-
cepts to that portion of the State which was with-
out a representative—to those who had lost their
servant upon this floor. The Constitution is am-
ple and sufficient: and we ask nohelp, and we ad-
mit no hindrance, from the districting law of the
State. Mr. Perkins comes here with the Consti-
tution in one hand and an admitted majority of
two hundred and forty-three votes in the otner,
and in the name of the Constitution, and of his
constituents, demands his and their rights.
Were it not for my respect for the gentlemen
involved in an opposition to my views, I should
esteem it little less than trifling to pretend, be-
cause a district bears the number of a former
district, that therefore it shall succeed to the vested
rights of that former district. Let us see how the
assumptions on the other side would work in prac-
tice. Suppose that Gen. Wilson's district ha4
been divided by the act of 1850, into two districts,
of nearly equal size. I demand to know which
would be entitled to fill the vacancy occasioned by
his resignation? I suppose it will be answered
that it would be the one which is called number
three. But, if neither is numbered three, then
who shall fill the vacancy ? This shows the utter
impracticability and unsoundness of the position
taken in behalf of the sitting member. This il-
lustration is said by the chairman only to show
that the principle he contends for, may be abused.
I assert that it shows that his position is not a ten-
able one, and that it is a perfect reductio ad ab-
mrdum of an unsound theory.
But to show the chairman, and all others, what
sort of practice a ratification of his positions will
lead to, I will invite him to look for a moment to
the State of Massachusetts. My position is, that
after the people of a district h|tve participated in
the election of one man to Congress, they cannot
be united with adjoining territory for the purpose
of filling a vacancy, and electing another member
to the same Congress. This my position Is con-
troverted by the chairman find others. There has
been a vacancy for two years in the Fourth Con-
> gremional district in the State of Massachusetts. I
The Whigs have till now been in the ascendency, j
and have had the power at any time to convene their
Legislature, and reconstruct the districts, to suit
themselves. The Representative from the Suffolk
district was elected by a large majority, and could
have safely spared at any time more than enough
of his constituents to settle the annoying contro-
versy in the Cambridge district. If, after electing
one Representative, they could lawfully be joinea
to another district, and help their neighbors make
a choice, why has it not been done? It is because
so monstrous a proposition has not yet found a
single advocate in the old Bay State. No man
has yet been found bold enough to advocate, or
sufficiently regardless of his reputation to propose,
that people who have elected one Representative
to Congress, shall be permitted to control the rep-
resentation of other people in the same Congress.
Establish the unsound and dangerous assumption
which is now advocated by the chairman, ana you
will promulgate a novel and most unlooked-for
method of filling the seven vacancies now existing
in Massachusetts for the Thirty-second Congress.
Their Legislature is now in session, and the Whig
party, so long in the ascendant, are in the minor-
ity. Three districts have elected Whigs to the
Thirty-second Congress, and seven vacancies are
to be filled. How easy to extract from the dis-
tricts that have chosen, the opposition elements,
and to coop up in those districts the Whig strength
of the State, and thus make all the seven districts
just what the legislative majority see fit to make
them.
Before I proceed to that topic in my remarks,
with which I shall close what I have to say, I feel
it my duty to notice one or two other assertions
in the report of the chairman, and to put on rec-
ord my denial of their correctness in theory or
practice. The first I will notice is this:
"Theinstant these four towns [the towns tsken from
General Peas lee's district] were severed from the second
district and united to the third, the inhabitants ceased to be
represented by Mr. Pea slee, even in the sense in which
the phrase is used by the contestant, and were represented'
by Mr. Wilson."
The act of 1850 could not change the faqi of
General Wilson's having been elected by the two
counties of Hillsborough and Cheshire; and it
could not alter the fact of whose Representative
he was, any more than it could change a past truth
to a present falsehood. The act of 1850 could not
, affect the relations of the Representatives to their
I several constituents, any more than it could dis-
I charge us from our trusts; and the assertion of the
' contrary tends to confusion, and erroneous and
i dangerous consequences.
Again: the report on the last page contains this
,, startling assertion:
1 " There is. however, no constitutions! or legal provision
which prohibits snch voting, (doable voting,) and yonr
committee are not informed that even its propriety has ever
been assailed."
The promulgation of such a proposition as the
above can only be accounted for by the direful ne-
cessity into which a foregone conclusion in a bad
[ cause will sometimes lead a man. A case must,
indeed, be in a sad plight, when the puriti^f the
elective franchise must be given up, in Aer to
support it.
I now come to the last topic of my remarks,
namely, the inequality and injustice of the act of
'i 1850, which all this singular philosophy, these
nice distinctions and astounding positions, are
brought out to sustain. I shall attempt to show
the true character of the bantling which all this
. nursing and tending is designed to keep alive and
foster; and I hope to satisfy you that tne thing is
not worth raising. Conceived in sin and brought
forth in iniquity, will more properly apply to this
j than to any other production of the age.
The method of districting under the act of 1846
has always been admitted to have been just and
I reasonable. It was supported at the time of its
passage by many Democrats as well as generally
by the Whigs and others, and (within my knowl-
, edge) lias never been impeached for inequality or
injustice by any persons whomsoever.
| In order to be able to lay before the House such
j: facts as would expose the merits of the act of 1850,
I I have ascertained from the marshal of the State,
who completed the census, soon after the late act
; was passed, the following statistics:
j The population of the several districts, as formed
| by the act of July 11, 1850, is as follows:
District No. 1 contains 83,874
" No. 2 "  67,198
" No. 3 "  93,449
" No. 4 "  68,110
District No. 3 contains, by this division, a pop-
ulation of 26,251 more than district No. 2. To
make the Third district so much larger than the
Second district, the following towns, of the popu-
lation stated, were set off from No. 2 to No. 3,
namely:
Bow 1,055
Dunbarton  915
Henniker 1,690
Hopkinton 2,169
Making in all a population of. ...5,829
So that before these towns were taken from No,
2 and added to No. 3, the latter contained a popu-
lation of 20,422 greater than the former; ana after
this democratic equalization, the difference was,
as before stated, 26,351.
_ Let us now turn to the remedy which was pro-
vided for the evil of an unsatisfactory representa-
tion in the first district, which I have tne honor
to represent. There were four towns, also, taken
from the second district, and annexed to the first,
and with the following namesanu population:
Brookfield  552
T uftonborough 1,305
Wakefield 1,405
W olf boro 2,038
Making in all a population of. 5,300
Before these towns were taken from No. 2 and
added to No. 1, the latter had already a popula-
tion of 11,376 more than the former. After this
Democratic justice was administered to us, No. 1
contains 16,676 more inhabitants than No. 2, and
is thought to be tolerably secure of accomplishing
the object for which the new districting was con-
cocted, provided that a proper degree of medical
attention can keep in subjection, till after the
March election, the natural tendency to indepen-
dence and self-respect, into which the towns last
mentioned are quite liable to fall.
The two Democratic districts contain a popula-
tion. of 135,308) the two other districts a popula-
tion of 177,323. The difference is 42,015. The
law of Congress gives one Representative to
every 70,681 inhabitants, and one additional
Representative for every State having a fraction
above this number, larger than the half of it.
Neither of the two Democratic districts has a
population that, under the apportionment by Con-
gress, entitles them to one Representative, while
the two other districts have a fraction above the
apportionment number, more than adequate to give
tnem an additional Representative, if they were a
separate State.
A portion of the people, a little larger than one
third of the population, are to select two Repre-
sentatives to Congress, while the remaining two
thirds, or a fraction less, are to send the same
number. In the South, five slaves are eqttal to
two white persons, in right of representation. In
New Hampshire, our Democratic brethren have
embarked in the enterprise of giving two Demo-
crats the same weight of representation as three
Whigs.
Now, 1 confidently assert, that you may hunt
in vain from one end of the country to the other,
for another instance in partisan legislation, of simi-
lar disregard of the maxims of equal and impartial
justice, and of like encroachment by a legislative
majority, upon the rights of their fellow-citizens.
1 hold up this disfranchising law, with the accom-
panying data, for the condemnation of the country,
and in some faint hope that it may bring to re-
pentance some of the men who lent themselves,
perhaps unwillingly, and after much entreaty, to'
the perpetration of such a gross act of injustice.
I hold it up before the people of New Hampshire,
and I say in this place, from which 1 hope they
may all, by and by, hear my words, that I have
yet to meet the man, of any party, however zealous
ne might De, who could look at this transaction,
■without volunteering his unqualified reprobation.
Let it be .known in New Hampshire, that no man
who has advocated the claim of the sitting member,
does so, except through the supposed direful ne-
cessity, on account of the forms of the law, of
supporting an act, unjust and revolting in its char-
acter. I say it, more in sorrow than in anger, that
