1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
this act is a blot upon the fair escutcheon of our
State, which every true son of New Hampshire
ought to be anxious to wipe away, at the earliest
possible period.
I will also apologize somewhat, even for the
Democratic party of that State, and say what I
believe, that this act was not their spontaneous
production. It was wrung from the Legislature,
after two sessions of persevering importunity and
persevering* artifice, for the purpose of making one
of the districts so strongly Democratic, that a man
could be elected to Congress simply by the mo-
mentum of party organization, without any aid
from personal reputation. I do not allude in this
remark to my friend, [Mr. Morrison,] who is
not known to me as favoring the redisricting at
the time the proposition was before the Legisla-
ture. I throw out the remark for such application
as the members of the Legislature and the people
of the State, who are apt to keep their eyes open,
choose to make of it.
I will also, in the way of apology for my Dem-
ocratic friends, say that I am informed, on such
authority as satisfies me, although I do not vouch
for its correctness, that several plans were proposed
in caucus for paving the way for aspirants to a
seat in Congress. One was to annex the town of
Pittsfield to No.*l; which town, through their
Representative, revolted at the purpose to which
the town was to be subjected, and met the propo-
sition with the assurance, that if the thing were
done, every vote of the town should be given to
the Whig candidate. So, also, of the town of
Barnstead, whose representative also rejected the
proposition, with that sort of scorn which honest
men would be likely to feel, and broke the coils
that were about enfolding him. To consign the
honest Democracy of these old towns to the un-
generous office of disfranchising their fellow-citi-
zens, was an undertaking of difficult accomplish-
ment. Such a medicine for disabled Democracy
was rather difficult to force down the throats of a
spirited people, although it were recommended by
ever so skillful a doctor. I do not think that any-
thing short of chloroform would make a patient
passive under such an operation.
But the Democracy of Pittsfield and Barnstead
were abandoned, and the search was mode in the
hill country for others, who might have to come
thirty miles farther to do the dishonest service, but
who were thought to be more willing to answer
the humiliating object in view. It remains to be
seen, whether the yeomanry of Wakefield, Brook-
field, and TufTbnborough, will bow submissively
to that which their neighbors in Barnstead and
Pittsfield revolted at. Have they no indignation
for the purchased villains who could be bought up
in Philadelphia, to be transported to New York, to
vote and carry an election there? And will they
lend themselves to the office of disfranchising their
fellow-citizens? Let them answer this question at
the ballot-box. Ifit must needs be, that we areto
be disfranchised, we would prefer that it should be
done by the more convenient and less humbling
process of importations, rather than be done by
our own people.
Now, sir, I have nearly done. I wish only
to invoke this House to rise above the technical
difficulties that have been raised, and which, alone,
can prevent a just determination of the case, and to
give such a judgment as will satisfy good men of
all parties. 1 can assure gentlemen that the peo-
ple of New Hampshire are an honest people, and
that a refusal by this House to spread over the
districting law af 1850 the shield of their protec-
tion, will meet with a hearty approval among the
masses of all parties.
This House is, by the Constitution, made judge
of the election of its own members. This duty is
secured to us with the design of guarding the elec-
tive franchise, and protecting the rights of the peo-
ple. The fundamental principles of republicanism
are always to be regarded, and never permitted,
in one single instance, to be trodden down. If we
permit artifice and dishonesty to triumph over the
honest demands of the people for a just and equal
representation, we shakethe confidence of the peo-
ple, sap the foundations of the Government, and
fail of performing the duty which the Constitution
has imposed upon us. If we sanction an errone-
ous principle, although it may be apparently tri-
fling, as in this instance, merely effecting a repre-
sentation for two months, yet the bad example'
will recoil upon us hereafter, and produce mischief
to the country. I conclude by moving to amend
the resolution offered by the chairman of the com-
mittee, so that it will read:
Resolved, That Jared Perkins is entitled to a seat in this
Bouse, as a member from the third district in the State of
New Hampshire, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the re-
signation of the Hon. James Wilson.*
Mr. WOODWARD said: Mr. Speaker, I feel
no particular interest in this question; but as I
shall be compelled to vote contrary to what would
be fair and agreeable to abstract justice, I deem it
due to myself to state the reasons which oblige
me thus to vote.
I do not think the act of New Hampshire to
which reference is made, a fair and just measure
in its operation. I do not allude to its general op-
eration for the future, but its special operation in
the election which is now the subject of contro-
versy. The State having established the district
system, it is not agreeable to abstract justice that
one portion of the people should have voted for
two members, both occupying seats on this floor
at the same time, and .that another portion should
not have voted for any member at all.
Mr. MORRISON. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me to explain ? The gentle-
man has misapprehended the facts somewhat.
District No. 3, under the act of 1850, embraces the
, whole of District No. 3, under the act of 1846,
and also a part of what was District No. 2, under
! the previous act; so that no portion of the people
! of New Hampshire are without a Representative
on this floor. The act of New Hampshire which
; the gentleman terms unfair and unjust, was intend-
i ed to distribute representation in a more equitable
i manner.
' Mr. WOODWARD. Then, sir, it seems that
; just one half of what I staled is not a fact. No
| portion of the people are unrepresented, but only
i, another portion are doubly represented. This
i alters the case somewhat. But although the act
| of the Legislature of New Hampshire be not as
! unfair and unjust in its operation in this special
|j election as I supposed it was, still it is sufficiently
j; so to induce me to state the reasons why I fed
] constrained to vote as I have indicated; that is, to
sustain and enforce the act.
In this discussion gentlemen on the other side
of the question seem to me to have made Bome
four or five false assumptions. In the first [dace, it
is a false proposition that we are the Representa-
tives of districts and not of States. It is also a
false assumption, that this. House, or Congress,
has the right to enforce, within the limits of a
State, in reference to elections, whatever we may
suppose to be justice and equality, irrespective of.
the laws and authority of the State. It is a false
assumption, too, that justice and right, private
or public, within a State, is less safe in the hands !
of the people Of the State, than in the hands
of a majority of this House or a majority of
Congress. It is another false assumption, that
wherever a State might by possibility abuse
its powers, and do injustice to a portion of its j
citizens, there results to this Government a pow- [
er of rectification and indemnification; as though j
this Government were incapable of doing wrong
or of wfterfering with State action, except when
a State had done wrong. False as these as-
sumptions are, the argument on the other side has
no other foundation. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Thompson] has dwelt upon the abuses
which a State might commit to the injury of its
citizens, if an act like thatof the Legislature of New
Hampshire should be recognized by this House.
It never once occurred to him, that the people of
a State might be quite as secure against injustice
at the hands of their own Legislature as at the
N ots—On next day, (January 8,1851,) after the delivery of
the above speech, Mr. Tuck made the following statement
to the House of Representatives, as a matter of privilege:
In my remarks yesterday on the election case from New j
Hampshire, I stated that I had received from the marshal j
a statement of the population of the several districts. I .
have in my hand the letter from the marshal to which I
yesterday referred. I received by this morning's mail a J
second letter from the marshal, in which he informs me that (
in one particular he committed an error in the statistics
provided. Although the error made does not materially af- I
feet the argument, yet I am happy that the correction has I
arrived before the close of the debate, and I think it just to
communicate it to the House at this time. The error was in '
stating the population of the second district to be sixty-
seven thousand one hundred and ninety-eight, when it
oaght to be, as be states this morning, seventy-one thou-
sand five hundred and sixty-four.
hands of a majority of Congress or of this House;
especially where that majority did not include a
single Representative from the State. He did not
reflect that the framers of the Constitution may
have acted on the principle that the people of a
State were as safe in their own hands as in the
hands of others. In the opinion of some persons,
it is so" absolutely certain that the majority here
will do no wrong, even to those whom they do
not represent, that the bare possibility that a State
Legislature might do injustice to those they do
represent, is a sufficient reason for putting such
Legislature under Congressional duress.
But, sir, I do not rise to discuss any of the
propositions to which 1 have alluded. I intended
to notice an additional false assumption, relative to
the construction of that part of the Constitution
which provides for the election of Senators and
Representatives. It is not my purpose to dwell
upon the argument, but to call the attention of the
House to the language of the Constitution, as a
plain question of philological exposition. The
Constitution provides that:
" The times, places, and manner of elections for
Senators and Representatives, shall, in each State, be pre-
scribed by the Legislature thereof, but Congress nay, by
law, at any time make or alter such regulations," lie.
Now, sir, in order to ascertain the compass and
extent of the power here provided, we must as-
certain the nature and extent of the subject ex-
pressed. That subject is expressed in the words
"holding elections." Concerning this subject
three things are provided, " time, place, and man-
ner." First, as to the subject; what is meant
by the words " holding elections?" These words
express plainly and unequivocally a transaction, a
performance, a process. If anything more was
meant, there was gross impropriety of language.
Well; what is that transaction or process that is
meant to be expressed? It is the transaction of
elteting a Senator or Representative. It compre-
hends no condition or situation of right or fran-
chise within a State; no distribution of represen-
tative right among the people of a State; no one of
the principled of apportionment of representation
among different local divisions of a State. Such
was the exposition of these words by Mr. Lan-
sing, Mr. Jay, and Mr. Hamilton, of New
York. When in the convention of North Caro-
lina inquiry was made as to the meaning of these
words, that is, " holding elections," the celebrated
General Davie, a most accomplished lawyer and
scholar, replied, that they meant nothing more than
the " act of choosing," and that the words, " man-
ner of holding elections," meant simply the " man-
ner of the act of choosing.'' The transaction which
takes place on election day at designated places
constitutes the whole subject of the provision of the
Constitution in question. Who that knows the
meaning of the plainest words could put a differ-
ent construction upon it ? But if any should insist
that the framers of the Constitution were ignorant
enough to attach a different meaning to these
words, let us look at the import of other words
accompanying them.
Now I have said that the words holding elections
expressed the subject in relation to which the Con-
stitution made these provisions, and these provis-
ions were expressed in the words " times, places,
and manner. The subject is one and identical,
and must, therefore, be of such a nature that "time
and place" as well as " manner" can be predicat ed
of it. It will not do togive one construction to the
word " holding" when manner is the predicate,
and a wholly different construction when "time
and place" are the predicate. The word holding,
therefore, must be construed to express some-
thing capable of being restricted to a precise time
and to a precise place. But if it mean anything
more than the process of election, or, to use the
language of General Davie, the " act of choosing,"
how could it be restricted to a time and a place;
say the first Monday of the month and a certain
cross-roads? The idea is preposterous. The man-
ner of holding elections means nothing beyond the
manner in which the people choose; as by vote,
ballot, or otherwise—the manner of receiving, re-
gistering, and keeping and counting votes—and
the whole manner of making returns of elections.
These things are referable to'' times "and " places,''
as well as to " manner."
My position, then, is, that in providing for elec-
tions, Congress cannot go beyond** general ticket
system. Let it be admitted, that its laws on this
