1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
bill, and desired to have this proposition printed
before the bill was again taken up, that he might
address his remarks to it.
The printing was ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER said that the regular order of
business being called for; the consideration of the
report of the Committee of Elections was in or-
der.
Mr. MATTESON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a paper, which was ordered to be printed,
which he gave notice that he should, at the proper
time, move as an amendment to the cheap postage
bill. i
RE-LOCATION OF BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. PITCH,by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been givejd
providing for the re-location of military bounty land
warrants, where the same have been erroneously
located; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
GRANT OF LAND.
Mr. GOODENOW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting a portion of the public lands to the
State of Maine, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction • of the Atlantic and St. Lawrence
Railroad; which was read a first and second time j
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
AWARDS UNDER THE TREATY. !
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unanimous [
consent, introduced a joint resolution, of which
previous notice had been given, directingthe pay-
ment of the awards made by the board of com-
missioners organized to carry into effect certain ]
stipulations of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo; !
which was read a first and second by its title, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES called for the regular orders.
Mr. POTTER expressed the hope that the gen- <
tleman from Tennessee would withdraw the call, to
enable him to introduce a resolution providing for
the payment to the widow of Jabez Gold, de-
ceased, late a clerk in the office of the Clerk of the |
House, the pay which he would have been entitled
to at the end of the session had he lived.
Mr. JONES refused to withdraw the call.
THE EIGHTH OF JANUARY.
Mr. STANTON, ofKentucky, said that this was
the 8th of January. As there seemed to be some
indisposition to proceed to the regular orders, and
as it would be almost a desecration of the day for
the House to continue its session, he moved that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and having been taken,
the result was—yeas 94, nays 80—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alberteon, Ashe, Ashmun, Baker, Bay-
ly, Beale, Bell, Bingham, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
Buel, Billiard, Joseph Cable,G. A.Caldwell, Cartter, Cling-
man, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Disney, Doty, Edmundson,
Ewing, Feathereton, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gilbert, Green,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, T. L. Harris,
Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Inge, Robert W. Johnson, j
Jones, La SCre, l.eftler, Job Mann, Mason, McDowell,
McKissock,McLanaban, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, McMullen, Meade, John K. Miller, Morris, Morse, ,
• Morton, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Outlaw, Parker, Peck, Phelps, i
Phrenix, Pitman, Potter, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, 1
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, j
Richard H. Stanton, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, j
Toombs, Van Dyke, Venable, Walden, Wallace, Watkins, j
Wellborn, Williams, Woodward, Wright, and Young—94. j
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Averett, Bennett, |
Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, William ,
J. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Chandler,Cleveland,Cole, Conger,Corwin,
Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Dner, Duncan, Durkee,
Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Giddings, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Raymond,
Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Joseph W.Jack-
son, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Julian, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller,
Millson, Moore, Nelson, Otis, Peaslee, Powell, Reed, Ris-
ley, Robins, Rpckwell, Root, Rose, Rilmsey, Sackett,
Schenck, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Thurman, Tuck, Underhili,
Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, and White—80.
So the motion was carried in the affirmative;
and
The House adjourned till to-morrow.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GREEN gave notice of his intention to ask leave to
introduce a bill for the relief of G. A. Parsons, ofMissouri.
♦
Also, a bill for the relief of Joseph Carman-
Mr. YOUNG gave nouce that he would introduce a bill
on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, to grant the right
of way to the "Mississippi and Atlantic Railroad Compa-
ny," through the public lands in the State of Illinois.
PETITIONS, &c. !
The following petitions and memorials were presented, i
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BRIGGS : The petition of W. R. Crooke and
907 others, citizens of the city of New York, praying Con- ,
gress to reduce the postage to two cents the half ounce. I
By Mr. SCHEVCK: The petition of 39 officers of the
Navy, praying that the same additional allowance of com-
pensation may be made to them, and to the seamen and
marines serving on the California station, as has been paid
to the officers and soldiers of the Army on duty there.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio : A memorial of Howard Bat-
tin and % other gentlemen, and 17 ladies, of Green Hill,
Ohio, for the repeal of the fugitive law.
Also, one on the same subject, from Goshen township,
signed by Robert Campbell, 147 other gentlemen, and 118
ladies.
Also, one fVom John Keith and 51 other gentlemen; and
one from John Fawcett and 50 gentlemen of Mahoning
county, Ohio—all for repeal of the fugitive law.
Also, a memorial from Simon Merideth and 99 otlier geji-
tlemen, and 69 ladies of Mahoning county, Ohi , " remon-
strating against paying chaplains oat of the public Treas-
ury. If they must be employed, let eacb Congressman
foot his own bill."
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 8, 1851. "I
Mr. Houston, of Texas, appeared in his seat
to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of
War, made in compliance with the act approved
March 3, 1809, enclosing statements prepared in
the several bureaus of the War Department, show-
ing contracts and purchases made during the cal-
endar year 1850.
On the motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
it was ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Prentiss, asking additional compensation
as assistant messenger in the Department of State;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, additional evidence in the claim of Her-
man Blannerhassett; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Troy and West Troy, in the State of New
York, setting forth that the inventors and assignees
of- inventors, holding rights under the patent laws
of the United States, are suffering great loss from
the introduction of products manufactured by ma-
chines of American invention in the British prov-
inces, and asking that the bill now before Congress
giving further remedies to patentees may become
a law.
As a bill has been reported upon this subject the
memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD also asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from* the files of the Senate an appli-
cation for the erection of a beacon on a sand pit at
the entrance of the port of Sag Harbor, Suffolk
county, New York.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from Luther Rodgers, and four hundred and
sixteen other citizens of Plymouth county, Mas-
sachusetts, asking an appropriation for the im-
provement of the navigation of North river, in that
county; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have received a petition,
Mr. President, which I have been importuned to
present, and I finally agreed to do so, but at the
same time I told the petitioner that I had not the
slightest prospect that the Senate would take any
action upon it. I present the petition, and ask
that it may be read.
The Secretary read the petition accordingly.
It was the petition of "James Robertson, of New
York, editor of the Truth, "requesting the appoint-
ment of a select committee to consider the claim
which he has frequently presented to the Senate,
arising out of alleged injuries occasioned by his
arrest and imprisonment in December, 1849.
Mr. HALE. I think it is time that some dis-
position should be made of this subject, in order
that the Senate may not in the future be troubled
and annoyed by this nonsensical affair. I do not
know how many times this subject has been
brought up here, but that we may decide it at once
I move that the prayer of the petitioner be rejected.
The motion was agreed to, by a majority of 19
to 17.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to present to the Senate
a memorial, signed, I believe, by more than one
thousand of the merchants and citizens of Baltimore,
praying that a contract may be entered into with
William B. Clark^and his associates, for the es-
tablishment of a line of mail steamers to run from
the port of Baltimore or Norfolk, to some port in
England, connected by mail communication with
London. I presume, Mr. President, that the proper
committee to which this memorial should lie re-
ferred, would be the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and I therefore move its refer-
ence to that committee.
It was so referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have received a
memorial from officers of the Navy, serving on
the naval station in the Pacific, asking for an addi-
tional allowance on account of extraordinary ex-
penses incurred in that service. * I would state in
presenting it that it is accompanied by two letters
which show some facts to sustain the application
of the memorialists. They show that the supplies
that were necessary to prevent the seamen from
having the scurvy bore a price disproportioned to
that in any other market, and this is the main rea-
son why they ask for the! relief which is sought.
Among other instances they mention potatoes and
onions, the former of which were selling at forty
cents a pound, and the latter at one dollar a pound,
and these are two things which it is known sailors
most require. Fresh meat commanded exorbi-
tantly high prices, the wages of the butcher ex-
ceeding those of the commander of one of our
vessels. The other letter presents the prices of
these things differently; both, however, go to show
that the compensation of the seamen and officers
of the Navy on that station are entirely inadequate
to supply those things that are absolutely required.
I move its reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
certain old Cherokees, asking that payment may (
be made to them for losses sustained by them, and
Erovided for in the treaty of 1828, as ascertained
y the report of General M. Stokes, late Chero-
kee agent; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
grand-jury of the county of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, representing that the accom-
modations provided for the United States Courts in
the District of Columbia are insufficient; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of citizens
of Maryland, asking the adoption of measures for
the amicable adjustment of international contro-
versies; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. JONES presented the memorial of the
president of the Davenport and Iowa City Railroad
Company, asking a donation of public land for
that company; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. WH1TCOMB presented the memorial of
Moses G. Hill, asking an appropriation to test
the efficacy of a certain improvement in destruct-
ive shells and shots invented by him; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of
Charles S. Jackson, asking certain allowances as
deputy inspector and marker at Philadelphia, re-
jected on the settlemeut of his accounts; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOOTE presented the petition of Albert
Fitz, asking compensation for his services as spe-
cial agent to the West Indies in 1841; which was
referred to the Committee (^Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, ordered that Sarah
E. Chase, widow of Captain Leslie Chase, have
leave to withdraw her documents on the files of
the Senate.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
James Dunning, asking that interest might be al-
lowed on an amount due under a contract, submit-
I ted a report in writing, which was ordered to be
I printed, accompanied by a bill for his relief, which
was road and ordered to a second reading.
I Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on tSe Ju-
