THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON/BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $fso FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1851.
New Series No. 13.
tee, had moved to strike out all of the resolution after
the word " Resolved," and insert the following:
Renktd, Th*tJare4 Perkins is entitled to a seat in this
Bouse, sa ft member from the third district in the State of ,
New Hampshire, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the ns- \
ignauon of the Honorable James Wilson.]
Mr. DISNEY rose and said: When I obtained
the floor oa yesterday, it was under an impulse of
the moment, for the purpose of uttering some sug-
gestions that on the instant presented themselves
to ray mind, in reply to remarks which had fallen
from gentlemen on the other side; it was for
this that 1 obtained the floor, rather than from any ;
purpose to enter into an elaborate argument in re-
gard to the matter before the House. It was riot ,
my purpose then, nor is.it my purpose now, to
enter into such an argument; but I simply desire
to suggest a few things that obviously lie upon the
very surface of the pending question, and which,
in my judgment, fairly and impartially considered, ■
bear clearly and directly upon the merits of the 1
case. However, before proceeding to them, I
may perhaps be permitted to remark, that while
listening to the arguments offered by the gentle- ;
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ttree,] and I
those offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, I
[Mr. Thompson,] it seemed to me that I was la- ;
boring under some strange illusion—a strange illu- .
aioa in hearing arguments of that sort—such con-
siderations as growing out of the facts of the case |
presented by them to be considered in determining
a question of this kind. I say, sir, it seemed to
me that I was laboring under "some strange illu- [
sion, to hear considerations of the kind addressed
to the House by gentlemen on the other side, as
arguments upon which its merits were to be deter- !
mined. Sir, I could imagine nothing more ex- i
quisitely ridiculous than the scene which would
be presented if the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Thompson] and the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Tuck] would privately offer to my col-
leagues on that side, the considerations which
they have submitted to the House. I say that I
could imagine nothing more supremely ridiculous |
than for those gentlemen to offer, in good faith
and with becoming gravity, those considerations
to my colleagues on that side of the House. If
the gentlemen will do it, and will invite me to be 1
present, I could ask no richer feast. Why, sir, |
the history of our State teems with instances in I
which the party to which the gentlemen belong j
have rendered themselves notorious by their ne- i
farious acts with regard to transactions of this i
sort—trampling alike upon the Constitution of the !
State, upon the established law, aye, and, in some
cases, even upon a proper sense of public decency
itself. My colleagues on that side of the House
need no appeal from me to remind them of the
course which consistency requires them to take in
voting upon a question of this kind, but I ask
them to remember the course and practice of their
coadjutors in our State—the course even of them-
selves. Some of the gentlemen who occupy seats
upon this floor, I ask to remember their own par-
ticipation in other Halls of legislation in regard to
questions of this kind.
With the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as a
practice 1 condemn the proceeding of the Legisla-
ture of New Hampshire. I am opposed to this
practice of State Legislatures changing and alter-
ing the boundaries of their Representative districts
when once established in conformity with the
Constitution of the country. But the character
of this practice, when considered in relation to the
different rights and interests of the various sec-
tions of a State, is one consideration, and the law
of the land in regard to the relations of a State or <
her Representatives to the Federal Union, When
submitted to us for judicial decision here as the '
House of Representatives of that Union, is quite
another and different affair. And here, in the out-
set, permit me to submit one or two considerations
with regard to the constitutional relations of this
case. The Union was formed by a confederation
of States. It was by States assembled in conven-
tion that the Constitution was formed. It was by
States that that instrument allotted representation
13
to the different portions of the Union, and it is by
States that that representation is elected. And
when individuals are elected and take their seats
upon this floor, they sit here by the spirit and let-
ter of the Constitution as the Representatives of
the States from whence they come. Such are the
declarations of the law, and such the history of
the times s^ows to have been the intention and
object of the framers of our organic law. It is
true that by the domestic policy of the States
these Representatives are allotted to different por-
tions of these-States, and districts have been cre-
ated; and thus, while by the provisions pf the
Constitution of the Union each member here is a
Representative from the particular State from
which he comes, the domestic polity of the States
themselves has made them the immediate Repre-
sentatives of their several districts, and hence
every Representative presents himself here in a
double aspect and with double relations. On the
one hand as the Representative of his State, and
on the other as the immediate and direct Repre-
sentative of the people of the district which sends
him here- Gentlemen occupy a double relation,
but it is only with one of these relations that we
have to deal in the present case. When a
vacancy exists in this body there is no vacancy
known to the Constitution but a vacancy in
the State from which the former Representative
came. As regards the domestic regulations of
that State, whether they be in conformity with
a spirit of fairness as between her people or not,
whether her manner of districting is consonant
with justice or with right, are questions over which
the jurisdiction of Congress does not extend. And
here I may be permitted to say, that in my judg-
ment a more arrogant and positive usurpation of
power over the rights of the States was never per-
petrated by the Congress of this Union than was
done by the-passage of the act of 1842. The Con-
stitution gave no such power to Congress—the
spirit of our institutions belies such Authority—
and no just or solid argument can be made to sus-
tain it now. We have been told that that act was
mandatory, and has been obeyed. This may be
so, but in this very case we have evidence that its
authority has been denied. For four consecutive
subsequent years the State of New Hampshire
refused to obey this law; and is there any evidence
in the history of the legislative action of that State
that she has ever recognized such an authority in
Congress? Is not the presumption, from the face
of her proceedings, just the other way ? That New
Hampshire, in districting the State, did it by her
own will at her own instance and from considera-
tions of expediency and of her own public policy,
having regard only to her own interests and to the
rights and interests of her own people, and from no
respect to the law of Congress? There is no one at
all conversant with her history but knows that in
order to induce the people to adopt the Constitu-
tion when it was presented for their sanction, the
great and leading argument of the day with regard
to this particular provision was this, that the
defect of the old Confederation, or one of the
difficulties arising under it, was, that the Govern-
ment had no power to execute itself. Experience
had shown that some of the States could not and
did not elect delegates to represent them in the
assembled Congress of the Confederation. The
old Government possessed no power to compel the
election, and it was to avoid that difficulty, and to
prevent negligence of the sort working the ruin
and actual dissolution of the Government, that the
provision which we now find in our Constitution
was inserted. It conferred no power upon the
Legislatures of the States. It imposed a duty. It
was not inserted to confer power upon the Legis-
latures, in order to enable them to prescribe the
"times, places, and manner"of holding the elections
in each particular State, because ex necessitate these
Legislatures inherently possessed that power.
Each State being sovereign, and an independent
community, was invested with the law-making
power, and, of course, with all the functions ne-
cessary to regulate and carry out purposes of that
sort. Whether Congress naturally possessed such
a power or not, the inherent power of the Legis-
latures of the States is clear. Suppose an absence
of any attempt on the part of Congress to exercise
it, ancPthat the Constitution was silent on the
point, would any one doubt the power of the Le-
gislatures to make regulations of the kind ? For
a moment consider these separate States in their
original independent capacity without relation to
| our Confederation as it exists, and I ask, would'
j any man doubt that, as a State, the Legislatures
of each of the several States would have the power
in themselves to prescribe the time, place, and
manner of electing their delegates, their represent-
atives, or whatever the title by which you choose
to term them, with power to transact any business
in which the State might feel an interest? From
the very necessity of the case, independent of and
behind the Constitution, each Legislature of the
States possesses the power to prescribe the time,
place, and manner of holding all elections within
their limits, not only for its own local organization,
but for all purposes not prohibited by the Consti-
tution, but connected with the General Govern-
ment of the Union. This clause of the Constitution
confers no power on the State Legislatures, which
was not understood to exist without it. As I have
said, it was intended not   confer a power, but to
impose a duty, and to compel the Legislatures to
exercise a power which they inherently possessed.
Look at the language: " the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for Senators and Rep-
resentatives shall be prescribed," &c.—not op-
tional, but imperative—not shall in the future, but
the imperati^shall.
The LegisBures of particular States had, under
the old Articles of Confederation, neglected to make
provision for their representation in Congress.
The Constitution intended to compel these Legisla-
tures to remedy this evil. It did not attempt to
confer upon them a power which they themselves
did not possess. To make assurance doubly sure,
and to effectually guard against the evils which they
so constantly kept in view when legislating upon
this subject, after imposing that duty and making
it imperative on the part of the State Legislatures to
exercise this power, the framers of the Constitution
went on, and, for the purpose of guarding against
default, no matter from whatever cause it might
arise, they added these words, "that Congress
may at any time make or alter such regulations,"
&c. They imposed a duty, in the first place, upon
the State Legislatures to exercise the power which
they inherently possess. In the second place, they
gave power directly to Congress to exercise it in
case of any default on the part of the Legislatures
of the States; so that Congress might make the
laws which might be rendered necessary by the
occasion: the whole object—and there is but one
object in the entire paragraph—being to secure at
all times to the Congress of the Union a repre-
sentation from each and every State. Such were
the arguments submitted to the people at that day,
in order to induce them to support the Constitu-
tion, then before them for their approval.
Let any one turn to the writings of Alexander
Hamilton, as we find them in the Federalist—let
him sit down and examine the general history of
the times and the arguments which were made to
induce the people to adopt the Constitution,- and
he will find, as I have said, that the sole object of
this provision of the Constitution, as then shown,
was to guard against that difficulty under the old
Government as constituted by the Articles of Con-
federation, and to secure in any and in every con-
tingency the representation of each State of the
Union upon the floor of Congress.
But it is objected that the Legislature cannot
alter the boundaries of a district after having once
established it. Now, whatever may have been
said upon this question—and I admit that a great
deal can be said—this is not the tribunal to which
such arguments should be addressed. They are
arguments • against the authority of the several
States over their own matters, and it is not for the
General Government to intervene between that au-
thority and the rights of the people of the different
districts in the Stats. Will gentlemen deny the
