1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
issue his preccpts for an election, and the law
provides that they shall be issued to the district,
in which the choice is to be made. The law of
.New* Hampshire provided in 1850, that these four
towns should comprise a part of district number
three, and, sir, these four towns are a component
part of that district. These are the facts in rela-
tion to the case, and I apprehend they can receive
no other construction. That district was consti-
tuted by an act of the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire, and that act was a legal net.
I perceive, «n examining the report of the mi-
nority, they take the ground that the Legislature
in the act of 1850 did not intend tb#t its provisions
should apply to the election of members to the
present Congress. They contend that the law did
not go into operation, so as to impose on the peo-
ple of that district the privilege of voting in this
election. Now, in reference to that law, I will
show to every member of this House that express
provision was made for its going immediately into
operation. It expressly provided that all acts in-
consistent with this act were,repcaled, arid that it
shall take effect immediately after its passage. Had
the Legislature desired, at that time, to preserve
this Third district in its original form, for the pur-
pose of filling any vacancy that might occur du-
ring the present Congress, they would have pro-
vided for it by a special clause to that effect; but
no clause of that kind was inserted. I think the
only way in which the district could have been
preserved in its original form for this election
would have been to have inserted a clause provi-
ding that the changes and limitations of that act
should not apply to the election of members to the
present Congress. This is necessary, and in ac-
cordance with the universal principles of legislation;
and the failure of theTLegislature to indicate such
a reservation, taken in connection with the special
provision that the law should go into immediate
effect, shows beyond a doubt that the Legislature
did not intend to make any reservations of the
kind. In other words, they intended that the le-
gislation with regard to district No. 3, as well as
of the other districts, should go into immediate
operation.
There is a general provision in the laws of New
Hampshire, that in all cases where no special pro-
vision is made in relation to the time when any par-
ticular act shall go into operation, it shall not take
effect until some future day named—I think until
some time in September following. No general
law in that State goes into effect until the Septem-
ber following. Now, sir, I know not, and I care
not, whether the Legislature were aware of Mr.
Wilson's intended resignation or not. It makes
no difference in the case whatever. It is enough
for us to know that such was the tenor and terms
of that act. Such was their purpose; and if they
had the power constitutionally to make the act, it
stands there, and there cannot be two sides to the
question.
The memorialist alleges—and I ask pardon of
the House for again referring to this fact—that
wrong has been done by the people of these four
towns voting for two Representatives on this floor.
I have said, and I repeat it, that it is entirely im-
material to our action in this matter, whether
such is the case or not. It is true, I apprehend
beyond a doubt, in a legal and constitutional point
of view, that the representatives are the represent-
atives of the whole State, and not of a single dis-
trict; that every member from a State represents
one district in that State as' much as he does
another. The people of these four towns are not
the constituents of any particular member, or of
one more than another. No member holds a seat
on this floor as the representative of a particular
district, but of the whole State.
But, sir, the Constitution of the United States
has been referred to, and clauses cited which have
a bearing on this case. I think there are one or
two authorities which may be cited, in addition to
those already mentioned. The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] has referred to
a provision in the Constitution, by which the
members of the House of Representatives are to
be chosen every two years by the people of the
several States; the people of the Statej—not the
people of the districts. The Constitution also pro-
vides that the representation and direct taxation
shall be apportioned among the several States in
proportion to the number of inhabitants. In the
latter part of the same clause, it provides, that
until u new enumeration, the State of New Hamp-
shire would be entitled to three, Massachusetts to
eight, &c.
The Constitution further provides for the quali-
fication of members, that they shall be citizens of
the same State in which they are chosen. The
whole phraseology of the organic law, from begin-
ning to end, shows that the framers of the Consti-
tution intended representatives should be from the
whole States, and not from particular districts. If
further proof is wanted, you have it from the law
of 1846 itself. That law provides, in its terms, for
districting the State of New Hampshire for the
Choice of Representatives of that State in Con-
gress. That, sir, is the language of our State law,
and, as far as I know, it is the language used ill
the laws of the States generally. I know it is in
some of the States, and 1 think it is universally
used. They are never spoken of as representa-
tives of particular districts. So, if you issue war-
rants calling meetings for the election of members
of Congress, are they called upon to elect repre-
sentatives of districts? No, sir, they cast their
votes for the representatives of the State to the
Congress of the United States. It is as clear as
language can make it. In the proceedings of that
Convention which framed the Constitution, the
same kind of phraseology is used. They were
spoken of as representatives of the States, chosen
by the people of the States. Representatives of
districts is a term nowhere to be found. It can-
not be found in the statute books.
A proposition was made in that Convention,
that the representatives should be chosen by the
Legislature of the State, instead of being chosen
by the people of the State. This tends to show,
if more proof was wanting, the meaning and
views entertained of this matter by that bod y. The
proposition found its advocates; but it was finally
overruled. Another scheme was agitated, but I
am not aware that it met with much favor, that
the whole number of representatives should be
elected by the people of the whqle nation. That
was discarded as altogether impracticable, and the
mode under which our elections have taken place
was finally settled upon. In any action of that
Convention, is there anything to warrant the idea
that that body contemplated that the representa-
tives should be elected by districts and not by the
State? A division into districts is simply a pro-
cess for determining the manner and choice in
which representatives should be elected. It does
' not affect the natural relations which the repre-
sentative sustains to his constituents. That this
is the correct view of the subjeet, I apprehend
must be apparent to every man, who examines
the act as to its constitutional features. The re-
signation of Mr. Wilson made no vacancy in any
one particular district, but it made, as I have said,
a vacancy in the representation" of the State.
Hence the allegation of the memorialist, alleging
that there was a vacancy in any one district—ana
that the citizens of any one district had the double
privilege of voting for a representative—is without
foundation. The people of the State of New
Hampshire were as much represented at this time
by one member of the delegation as another.
It is not necessary, Mr. Chairman, for me to
comment here upon the objection which has been
raised, that the representative may have been
voted for twice in the same election by the same
men. This has been urged as an objection, and
as a reason why the law under which they voted
should be considered invalid. Suppose that in-
stead of these four towns having been set off from
this district, all the inhabitants of those towns had
removed from one district to another. In that
State, three months residence in the town and a
residence of six months in the State, is the neces-
sary qualification of the voter. Suppose, then,
for the purpose of testing the validity of the ob-
jection, that those persons resident in district num-
ber two had removed to district number three, and
had voted there. You will see that they might
have done it under the law of the State—they
might have gone there and taken up their resi-
dence and might have voted in district No. 3,
They were voters by the law of the State, and
proper and legal voters too. Is that any reason
for denying to a member returned by such votes,
his right to a seat on this floor? I think not; and
I apprehend that no person will contend for any
such doctrine. If it be an anomaly that such
things should happen, it is one which will be likely
i to occur under any system of laws which you can
i devise, regulating the rights and qualifications of
voters—in all laws prescribing time, residence,
place, and qualifications for voters in particular
towns and districts.
I did not suppose, Mr. Chairman, that the
| ground would be taken here, that if this election
was valid by the laws of New Hampshire, that
it was competent for this House to sit, in its judi-
cial capacity, and override these laws, and deny
the silting member a right to his seat upon this
floor. Such, however, was the tenor of the ar-
gument, and the ground is distinctly taken in the
report of the minority of the committee. If I
understood correctly the meaning of the sentence
which alludes to this subject, it is this, that the
House hold the right to judge of the elections of its
members, whatever may have been the purpose of
the Legislature of New Hampshire. \Vhatever
might have been the law—and though the law
might be legal—yet this House in its decisions
i might disregard and override these laws. Mr.
Chairman, shall such a doctrine as this find favor
i here? The Constitution makes each House the
i judge of the qulifications of its own members—and
to judge of them according to law. This provision
: is clear, succinct, and distinct in its meaning;
: but this power so given to each House to judge
and determine according to law upon the rights of
its members to seats, was not given to be exer-
cised like that of a tyrant, and wholly to disre-
gard the provisions of law, and assign seats to
members according to its arbitrary notions. Sir,
the doctrines of the En§Iish Parliament and the
rule assumed by them in judging of questions of
I privilege, which they get by no written or tradi-
tional language, by no settled or limited laws, but
j simply by the law held in their own breasts, is not
more arbitrary, more tyrannical—cannot be more
I productive of effects so deeply felt and extensively
I perniciousJJum this doctrine in question must be,
I if admittet^^If we are to regard this House as
having power in regard to this matter over both
branches of the Legislature in a State, as a self-
existing, self-perpetuating body, party majority
would have the power to make the scats of mem-
bers dependent upon the will of the majority, and
cause them to disregard all State laws, the Con-
stitution, and subserve any present purpose.
Sir, the power has been assumed and exercised
; in England, in one branch of the Parliament, by
] the creation of peers. That power was not so
arbitrary as this. Although so odious a measure
in itself and the effects, it was one provided for
by the Constitution.
Sir, this measure would be in defiance of the
Constitution, and in direct opposition to it. But
I will not spend time in examining the grounds in
which it would be opposed, as I think, to the
Constitution.
The law to which such frequent recurrence has
been had in the progress of the debate, has been
passed, and the election of representatives has
taken place under it. The only question now,
as it seems to me, is, had the Legislature of New
Hampshire the power to pass the law? Was it
competent for them to make this alteration in the
districts, and to set off those four towns from one
district and annex them to another? It must have
been within the power of the Legislature, since
that power is conferred by the Constitution, or in
the terms of the law of Congress passed in pursu-
ance of the provisions of the bill. I find but one
clause in the Constitution bearing directly upon
the question; and this is the one which has been
so often cited here:
" That the timea, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions tor Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by tlie Legislature thereof."
Now, I apprehend that in the absence of a pro-
vision of this kind the State Legislature would
necessarily have the power to regulate the time,
manner, and place of holding such elections. It
is expressly given them by the Constitution.
The language admits of no doubt as to the con-
struction. It is here broad and general, "the
times, places, and manner of holding elections in
the §tate." There is nothing in the Constitution
which overrides this act. Is there anything in the
law of Congress which does ? — for such laws
passed within the scope of the Constitution we
deem to be paramount. One of the laws of the
United States here introduced as bearing upon
this question—the law of 1843—which we recol-
