1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
▼iew, he was disposed to enter up a demurrer, and
ask, vkti <>f it? And, sir, if they are to be con-
demned for this, when we meet in the great day
of political judgment, how will my colleague's po-
litical friends in different States of this Union ap-
pear when acta of this kind are to be brought up
for consideration ? Suppose they did, as a matter
of political propriety, 1 think I should stand up
and make an argument, in the proper place and
at the proper time. But the State of New Hamp-
shire requires no [such defence here at my hands.
She stands upon her own bottom, and will answer :
for herself. She needs no apology for her posi-
tion before the country with regard to the Union,
the Constitution, and the laws. Long has she
maintained her proud position, and long may she
continue to stand there, firm and steadfast as her
eternal hills!
The arguments of gentlemen on the other side
have been very appropriate to have been made be-
fore the Legislature of New Hampshire when this
law of 1842 was proposed. My brother remarks
further about this. His argument was chiefly de- .
voted to this point of the case. He entered into a
speculation as to what would be the effect of that
legislation upon the political aspect if those four
towns were thrown upon his own district. It
seems to be an object of interest to my friend to
know whether on that ground they will be induced
to depart from their own political landmarks.
He even went so far as to make remarks reflect-
ing upon the gentleman recently nominated for |
the House by the Democratic party in that district.
I would suggest to ray colleague, Mr. Speaker,
whether, upon sober second thought, it does not
seem to him that his speech was fitter for the hust-
ings than for the judicial forum. If such a speech
must be made at all, it should be addressed to the
people whose votes are to be affected by it. It is
not the part of high-mindedness and generosity to
assail the candidate of the adverse party in his
absence, on an occasion to which such. matter is
wholly foreign and impertinent. Let my colleague
meet him face to face, and make his charges, and
I will answer for it that that gentleman will be
found to be, as he always has been, ready and
willing to vindicate his cause and to defend him-
se'f. I
Mr. VAN DYKE said: If the House will pre-
serve order, I will endeavor to make a few remarks
on this question. If I supposed that-this question
was going to be decided by the main alley of this
House—in other words, if I supposed it was to be
made a mere party question, I certainly would not
attempt to address the House upon it. I know full
well that in a strife of this kind, this side of the
House must fail, and that all that could be said
would be given to the winds, or might as well be
given. But, sir, it is because 1 do believe that this
—not being a question that can change the party
character of this House—that it is an important
question; that it is a question which addresses it-
self to man's judgment; that they will look at it
in that light, ana decide it according to its true
merits, without any regard whatever to the politi-
cal character which it bears, or the political effect
it may produce.
It strikes me, Mr. Speaker, that there have been
many things discussed in regard to this matter that
have very little application to the case. It has been
insisted by several gentleman who have addressed
the House, that this is somewhat destructive of
State rights. Now, I do notunderstand any such
thing. It has been said that by the Constitution
of the United States every citizen of a State who
has got a right to vote at all, has a right to rote
for every one of the representatives of that State.
This is undoubtedly true; but it is not true after
the Congress of the United States has passed a
law saying that the States shall be districted, that
each district shall have its own member, and that
no district shall send more than one member to
Congress. That act of Congress did not contem-
plate that men might, as a matter of course, vote
in more districts than one. But even if it were so
■ —if I waive that point, yet if the State itself passes
an act districting itself pursuant to the act of Con-
gress, of course it is not right after that, that each
individual in the State should vote for each Rep-
resentative in Congress from that State. When
the State becomes districted, each of those dis-
tricts is independent, and acts for itself, and it
furnishes no analogy whatever to say that in the
neighboring State of Virginia certain gentlemen
vote there in different districts. Why, sir, no
man pretends to say that all the people of Virginia
have a right so to vote. It is a privilege which
attaches itself to property, as I understand it. We
all know that men do not vote in those different
districts, even in Virginia, by virtue of their man-
hood, but by virtue of property which they have
there. I do not deny that. It is a right which
the Legislature of Virginia has the power to give
! to her citizens. If she gives it to them, they have
! a right to exercise it; but if the Legislature or the
authorities of Virginia did not extend thisj)articu-
lar right to any of them, they would have no right
to enjoy it; and as the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire have not pretended to give any such general
right to their citizens, or to a favored class of their
; citizens, they have not got any such right. Even j
in Virginia that right extends only to individuals; ;
it does not extend to counties or to whole town-
ships. Individuals are permitted, in virtue of prop- 1
erty which they own there, to vote in more than
one district,butwhole counties or whole townships
. are not allowed to vote in one district and then in !
another. It is an individual right. I repeat again,
that there is no analogy between the two cases,
■ because the law of Virginia does not authorize,
what is insisted on in this case, that an entire
■ township or an entire county may vote for a mem-
ber of Congress in one district, and for a member
! of Congress in another district, for the same Con-
gress. "
! There is no such right in the State of Virginia,
nor in any other State. Now, sir, it has been
i said, and a great deal talked about here, that the
Legislature of New Hampshire had no power to
redistrict the State. Sir, I do not assume any
j such doctrine as this, whatever gentlemen may
j think about it. It is not my opinion, and has not
been, that this matter turns on any such question
as this. Gentlemen cry out for " the law, the
j law, the law." I, too,go forthe law; I, too, respect
i and reverence the law of New Hampshire, and I
! am disposed to put a fair and rational construction
; on that law. W e all understand that in looking
even at thelaws of New Hampshire, we are bound
! to give a just, right, and legal construction to those
laws as they stand. I believe firmly that the
Legislature of New Hampshire has a right, and
had the right to redistrict the State. They
had a right, I believe, to repeal the law of 1846.
But, sir, while I say they had a right to repeal
the law of 1846, I say they had no power to de-
stroy the rights that had grown up under that law
whilst it was in existence.
Sir, there has been another point considerably
discussed in this case, and that is, the injustice,
oppression, and outrage of the law, in thus creating
an inequality in the representation of certain dis-
tricts. The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Woodward] said yesterday that it is not fair and
just, yet still he felt himself constrained to vote
for the sitting member. I have no inclination,
sir, to enter into an argument as to the fairness or
unfairness of this law; but I do contend, for my-
self at least, that the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire had the same power to pass a right, a good
law, as they had to pass an iniquitous, an unjust,
or a bad law—precisely the same power—provided
they did not encroach upon the constitutional
rights of the people, or upon rights already vested.
Whether, therefore, this law be a good law or
a bad one, is no question for discussion here, it is
not a proper and legitimate subject. I repeat, I
agree with the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Woodward] when he says that it is no reason
for us to disregard a law of New Hampshire, or
any other State, simply because it is an unjust or
iniquitous law, unless it contravenes the Constitu-
tion in some way, or otherwise destroys rights
and powers previously vested in the people.
W hen the Legislature of a State has passed a
law for the purpose of districting it, and members
of Congress have been elected from these va-
rious districts, and they have taken their seats,
then I hold no subsequent act of the Legislature
can by possibility affect the members thus
elected during the continuance of the Congress for
which they were elected. No construction can, I
think, be put upon such a law as that passed by
the New Hampshire Legislature in 1850, different
to one agreeable to the position I have here as-
sumed. It cannot be made to interfere with the
district law of 1846, so far as it concerns the rep-
resentation for the present Congress. If it had
such intentions and powers, if it thus could in-
terfere with rights already vested and provided for,
it must of necessity be an ex post facto law. If
a State passes an ex post facto law of such a na-
ture, then the effect would be of this character.
An act is made the law of the land, and members
of Congress have been elected under it, and their
rights as well as the rights of their constituents
have thereby become vested, and afterwards an
act is passed destroying those vested rights, both
of the representatives and their constituents, such
a law would of necessity be an ex post facto law.
But it cannot be argued that such is the character
of the law of New Hampshire of 1850 or that such
were the intentions of the New Hampshire Legis-
lature in passing it.
Mr. STRONG. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether the Supreme Court of the United
States, as well as the Supreme Courts of various
States, individually, have not decided that^Jiat
clauseofthe Constitution refers to criminal matters,
- and that a crime is such, by the passage of a law,
which was not a crime before it was passed ?
Mr. VAN DYKE, (resuming.) I know very
1 well,-sir, that these are the cases where the ques-
tion generally arises, but that clause of the Con-
stitution is general; and Itlo say that,in common
, sense and in the proper construction of language,
it is just as applicable to civil as to criminal mat-
ters.
Now, I should like to know if, in the State of
Virginia, Pennsylvania, or any other, a law of
entailment should exist, and a man make a will
and entail his property, will any man tell me that
the Legislature have the power to destroy that
right, thus vested under the law, as it stood? They
may destroy the law authorizing entailment by
repealing it, but that cannot affect the rights which
have accrued under (he law when it existed, be-
cause if it did it would be an ex post facto law.
If I have got a vested right by entailment, which
was the law of the land when I obtained it, and
the Legislature undertakes to repeal the law of
entailment so far as to destroy any right, is not
that an ex post facto law? The Legislature have
got no power to do it.
Now, this act of the Legislature of New Hamp-
; shire says, to be sure, that it shall go into effect
immediately; and it says, also, that all things in
former acts that are inconsistent with this one are
hereby repealed. Now, from that it is evident
that there were some things in the act of 1846 that
were still consistent with this act of 1850; and,
therefore, they were not repealed by it. So that,
if there were anything in the act of 1846 not in-
consistent with a true and proper and just con-
struction of the act of 1850, then thosejthings,
thus consistent, are not repealed. There are,
therefore, some things in the act of 1846 which are
not repealed, and which the Legislature did not
intend to repeal, and there are some things which
] the Legislature had not the power to repeal, even
if they had the desire. I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] and other
gentlemen, to say that the law of 1846 was utterly
swept away.
Why, sir, if that be so, I would like to know
how gentlemen from New Hampshire hold their
seats here, when the very law under which they
were elected has ceased to be a law? Will it be
said that it is because their right is not disputed ?
; Their right is not disputed, not because that law
has been repealed, not because there is no clause
I in it that applies to them, but simply because the
Legislature had no right, no power, by any act,
; to destroy their vested rights. It is certain they
had such vested rights, and they could not take
those rights away.
Nor, sir, do I think the act of 1850 inconsistent
with the act of 1846, because I do not think that
j it at all interferes with the contracts entered into
! between the representatives and constituencies at
J the time of the election for the present Congress.
I Now, sir, what was the intention of the Legis-
! lature of New Hampshire in passing this act ? I
! do not understand that it had any intention of
| affecting any of the members on this floor. I do
j not suppose that the Legislature intended that it
should have any effect on this Thirty-first Con-
j gress; and such, I believe, was not the intention of
! the New Hampshire Legislature. From the con-
struction which I think the rules of common sense
compel gentlemen to put upon this act, I am in-
clined to think that will be the gen^l opinion.
