198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
This act was not intended to destroy the rights of ('
any parties here, or their constituencies at home; j
nor was it intended to confer any power upon
those constituencies which they did not possess,
as respects this Cougress, before. Now, sir, w hat
were the rights of the constituency by which
General Wilson was elected? The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Di^nkt] has agreed that the represent-
atives had vested rights, and that the constituency
also had certain risrhts which could not bfi de-
stroyed. But, sir, I dor'not think that that gentle-
man went far enough. There is no contract that
can be made in which there are not two parties
concerned. The representative not only has vested
rights, but the constituency that elects him has
also the same vested rights, which have accrued
at the same time and in the same manner. Those
rights are mutual. Those rights are dependent
one upon the other. If you destroy the one, you
musudestroy the other, for both exist together.
No^ sir, the constituency that elected General
Wilson to the Thirty-first Congress have rights
which no subsequent acts of the Legislature can
destroy. They have rights accruing from the act
of 1846, which no subsequent act of the Legisla-
ture of New Hampshire can deprive them of.
The rights of General Wilson's constituency, the
rights of the two counties that elected him, are
the same now as then. Now that General Wilson
has resigned, they still have the same right to
have a representative to this Congress, to repre-
sent thesa two counties alone, without any inter-
ference and any intermeddling on the part of the four
other townships, or any Bther district of country
that may be tumbled in upon them by an act of
the Legislature. These were vested rights; these
rights belong to the constituents; they had a right
to a representative for their particular district; be-
cause, in proportion as that district is afterwards
increased, in the same proportion their power with
their representative is weakened. Sir, let us sup-
pose now that Wilson had had the appointment
of a cadet to West Point: under the regulation
and practice of the War Department, the candi-
date must come from his Congressional district.
If General Wilson, therefore, serving out his
time, had had the appointment of the cadet, he
would have been forced to take him from one of
the two "counties in his district. These two coun-
ties together might claim it as a right which ac-
crued to them when they elected him there. He
must take the candidate from one of these two
counties. Now, sir, if that right can be destroyed; ■
if four additional counties can be thrown upon
them before that right is exercised, do you not j
deprive these two counties of some of the rights i
which accrued to them when they elected Wilson I
as their representative, because his successor ;
may not. take the candidate from the two coun- :
ties? He may take him from another place, and
call it within his district.
Now, sir, a trifle will establish a principle.
"Will any gentleman here pretend that if those
people in New Hampshire had a right to throw ,
four more townships into this district, they had a
right to divide the power, in which case it could
not be so large as it was before? Now, let us see.
A vacancy has occurred in the Thirty-first Con-
gress for a district in New Hampshire, for which
the people had elected a Representative previous
to the present districting of that State. Each dis-
trict had its right in election, each Representative
had his right also in election, no matter whether
the vacancy occurred by death or resignation.
The Constitution says on that subject simply, that
the Executive of the State should issue his writ to
fill that vacancy, and to elect a new member for
Congress. " When vacancies happen in the rep-
resentation from any State the Executive author-
ity thereof (you will observe it is imperative) shall
issue writs of election to fill such vacancies."
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is a vacancy? What
does a man do who fills a vacancy? The vacancy
in this case is a mere fragment of General Wil-
son's term, and the person who fills that vacancy
must fill the vacancy, and nothing else. He must
fill it exactly, or else he does not fill it at all. If
the district from which he comes be any smaller
or any greater than that which elected the person
who has resigned and caused the vacancy, then
the person coming after him does not fill the va-
cancy. Now, no metaphysical reasoning, no ar-
gument in law, or otherwise, can change this posi-
tion. If Wdoes not stand precisely in the shoes
of his predecessor, then he does not fill his vacan-
cy; and the two counties which elected General
Wilson are deprived of their right to have a Rep-
resentative of their own during the continuance of
the Thirty-first Congress.
Here come two candidates before this House
claiming to till the vacancy. The candidate (Mr.
Perkins) conies here and claims that he coines to
stand exactly in the shoes of General Wilson.
He claims to be elected by the same district—by
the same extent of territory exactly—and it is
conceded on all hands here that the people of that
particular district which General Wilson repre-
sented have given Mr. Perkins a majority of votes,
• He comes to fill the fraction that is letl of Gen-
eral Wilson's rights and of General Wilson's pow-
ers. His rights when he is admitted here must
be the same rights which General Wilson had.
They cannot be any different, neither smaller nor
larger, or he does not fill the vacancy. Mr. Per-
kuis comes here expressly for that purpose. It
is admitted that he was elected by that district,
and if we receive him upon the floor here, it can-
not be denied that he will stand exactly in the very
shoes of Wilson, and thus fill the very vacancy
which he has made.
And now let us turn to the other candidate—
and in what I shall say, I do not desire to be un-
derstood as meaning anything personal. Does
Mr. Morrison come here in that same light, and
upon that same ground ? There is no gentleman
here who will pretend to say that he comes from
the same district. Why, sir, he comes here from
a new creation. He does not come to fill a va-
canc/, but comes from a new district—a district
which has in fact been created since the election
of General Wilson took place, and one part of
which is already represented by a gentleman on
this floor. He therefore does not come—it cannot
be pretended that he comes—to stand in the shoes
of General Wilson, because he does not come from
the same territory. He does not in fact come
from the same people; for it is of no importance
to this question as regards the law, that a majority
of those who elected lum were in General Wnson s
own district. Suppose it to have been otherwise,
would not the law have been the same? Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] or
anybody else, say that if they had made this dis-
trict otherwise—that if they had thrown out a
preponderance of Wilson's district, and thrown a
part in with some additional territory and called
it number three, would the law have been differ-
ent? Would it not have had the same force ex-
actly ? Could it change it, if a township, for in-
stance, was left out and put into another district?
Why, nobody will pretend that it would. The
principle is not changed, but the district is changed.
Whether it be a township or two, or a county or
two that is changed, it is not the same district.
That is the question.
It is not a vacancy which he comes to fill. He
does not come to fill the unexpired term of Gen-
eral Wilson, which he left unoccupied, but lie
comes here from another and a different district.
Now, sir, it is not merely this district in the
State of New Hamshire which has been changed,
but there has been a perfect reorganization and
reconstruction of .all the districts in that State.
Every district in that State has been changed, and
yet every other Representative here from New
Hampshire, except General Wilson, represents
exactly what he was elected to represent, without
any regard being had to the change in the district-
ing. General Wilson's district is the only one in
the State which will now be affected by the pas-
sage of that law.
Why, sir, can it be said, that because it is
1 number Three, and is not composed entirely of the
j same constituency, that it is not therefore the
I same district ? If they had a right to district it at
all, (which I concede,) as much as might be found
convenient, such districting should and would ap-
ply to subsequent Congresses and not to the pres-
ent. It might be very convenient to alter the
number of the districts, to call a district at the
other end of theState number Three; but still such
a redistricting could not apply to the present Con-
gress. They might find it convenient to diminish
the number of districts by one or more; the law
that might be passed in relation to this would not
go into effect until the sitting of Congress had ex-
l pired.
Suppose such a law had really been passed, that
the districting had thus been entirely changed, and
that General Wilson had died, or his seat had be-
come vacant in any other way, and supposing
number Three district should not cover one inch of
the territory from which he was elected, would a
writ have had to have been issued to this entirely
new district to fill the vacancy? Surely not. And
yet the principle in this assumed case and that in-
volved in the case we are discussing, are precisely
the same.
Now, if you abandon this principle, if you al-
low that such acts as these cannot only operate on
subsequent Congresses, but on the present, that it
can etlect the rights of either the constituencies or
their Representatives to Congress; if, I say, you
leave that position, you involve yourself in trouble,
in perfect absurdity; you know not where your
| next step will lead you.
Suppose, again, that one of the two counties
that General Wilson represented were in one dis-
trict and the other in another, the case would be
much the same again. I do not say that it would
be gerrymandering; it might have been perfectly
! right—perfectly just to do so; and the law itself,
' might lia.ve been a good law.
| Now I want to know if, after they passed that
i law, the resignation or vacancy took place in Wil-
, son's district, who was to fill that vacancy ? The
j Constitution says that the Executive shall issue
; his writ to fill the vacancy; but under the new
law, the district from which Wilson came, and
which he rendered vacant,' has been utterly de-
stroyed; they must, therefore, go without a Rep-
resentative at all; and yet the Constitution requires-
j that vacancy to be filled.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us suppose that this
thing had taken place under the new census. Sup-
pose they have an election now for four mem-
bers for the Thirty-first Congress, and suppose
that after the election takes place, they have again
to redistrict the State, and under the new census,
to reduce the number of Representatives from four
to three, as they will probably have to do, and
that they put the law redistricting the State into
operation immediately, as they would have a per-
fect right to do. And suppose that after they
have done that, the Representative from the Fourth
district should resign or die, will you tell me who
is then to fill the vacancy in the district?
It cannot be filled at all under the new law, be-
cause they have got no number Four under that
law. There is but one way to get along in a case
of this sort, and that is to go back to the law
which gives the members of the Thirty-first Con-
gress their rights, which establishes the rights of
the membersand rights of their constituents. Those
rights still remain. They are not repealed. They
cannot be repealed. They must be governed and
controlled by the law which was in existence at the
time the members were elected to Congress. The
moment you abandon this principle, that moment
you get astray, and plunge yourselves into difficul-
ties from which you cannot escape. Act on that prin-
ciple and you arealways safe. This is a question
which has never before arisen before this House.
I do invoke the House, therefore, to stand by the
correct principle and not to adopt a course which
would enable the Legislature of any State on the
occurrence of a vacancy in its representation, to
pass a law specially applicable to the case and thus
control the representation of the district.
Now, where is all this to end ? Let us see where
it will lead us. Suppose the Legislature of New
Hampshire had seen fit to say that this district-
ing law of Congress was a mere humbug, and set
it at defiance, as they did from 1842 to 1846.
Suppose New Hampshire should say that we will
not district our State, but will return to the gener-
al ticket system, and thus disregard the law of
Congress. Suppose that she had done this—as
she had certainly the right to do, unless the law of
Congress was imperative (as they have heretofore
said it was not,) who would have filled the vacan-
cy? And yet here is the Constitution requiring
it to be filled. There is no law to fill it at all.
The State is to be represented by a general ticket,
and there is no particular district. Will it be pre-
tended that these two counties of General Wil-
son 's are to be jumbled up with all the rest of the
State to fill the vacancy thus created, when their
rights accrued under a different law? Why sure-
ly not. I do not wish to detain the House much
longer. I think this matter lies within a narrow
compass. I think, as I remarked a.t the com-
