1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
mencement, that much has been said in the course
of this discussion which docs not bear on the ques-
tion. I stand up here forthe law of New Hamp-
shire. I stand up for State rights. I admit her
right to pass a new districting law. I admit the
right of the Legislature to repeal the old one so far
as it was inconsistent with the new law. But
while I admit that, I do deny that they had any
right, or any intention in the passage of that law,
or that the law admits of any such construction
as to affect the Congress already in existence—to
affect members already elected—or to affect the
district from which they come. The law was in-
tended to go into operation at the election of an-
other Congress. When a man who becomes a
candidate under it, and when the constituencies
elect members, they will elect them subject to this
law. That will be perfectly right, although the
law may be a very bad one. But until that takes
place I do insist that giving full force to the law of
New Hampshire, and not intending to nullify it
at all, we must, as a judicial tribunal, give a con-
struction to the law which cannot have any effect
or action whatever on the members of the Thirty-
first Congress, or the districts which elected those
members.
The rights of the members of this Congress, as
well as those of the district they represent, and of
their constituencies, have grown out ofa sort of con-
tract, and they camjot be destroyed until that con-
tract be expired. The expiration of it cannot take
place by any act of any Legislature. It is not
enough to Say that one of the parties has failed to
fulfill its portion of the contract; even in such a case
the other party has rights, which cannot be contra-
vened ; rights which have accrued, as I havesaid be
fore, out of the contract, and must continue to exist
until the term of the contract has expired. That is
the construction which I think must be put upon
this case. I do not know whether Democrats are
more interested in this case, or Whigs. I know
that in the last twj> years, the district in which I
reside has been changed. I know that such things
are continually taking place. I was not aware
that any other construction than that I have put
upon it would be attempted; yet we are now called
upon by certain gentlemen to give it a construction
which appears to me foreign. I am for giving it
a fair construction—a reasonable construction—a
construction which shall be to sustain the rights
of all parties concerned. It is not a question as to
whether Congress shall sustain the act of New
Hampshire, or whether the law in itself is to be
respected. I do not ask gentlemen to consider that;
but I ask that it shall be properly interpreted,
properly understood, and properly construed; and,
in my judgment, the only construction which can
be given to it, fairly considered, is, that it was not
intended to operate upon the Thirty-first Congress,
but upon future Congresses. Now, sir, I submit to
the House, this is the true construction of this law.
Such a construction does not impugn the rights
of the Legislature, does not conflict with any State
rights at all, involves no other question except the
mere construction of the law, and its bearing upon
the rights of all parties concerned. We are called
upon to fill a vacancy, exactly, as well in respect
to the time as to the place, and therefore in filling
such a vacancy, the Qonstitution contemplates
that both those considerations shall be taken into
account. The person whom we shall admit as
the representative of this district, must stand ex-
actly in the shoes of General Wilson. He must
exactly fill the vacancy occasioned by his resigna-
tion. He must represent the same district, come
from the same district, and his claims must be
allowed and disallowed on those grounds. In
conclusion, I submit to the House that this sub-
ject can bear no other construction than that which
I have put upon it, and I trust that its decision
will be in accordance with that construction.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, obtained the floor
but yielded it to
Mr. STRONG, who said, I had intended to
have pressed the House to a vote to-day, or at
least the first thing in the morning, but many
members desirous of expressing their views on the
subject having requested me to postpone the de-
cision, I shall not urge the vote now, as I had in-
tended. I hope that the House will be prepared
to-morrow morning to vote upon the subject. I
therefore propose to press the voting to-morrow
morning.
Several Members. Oh! let's vote to-day.
Mr. McLANE then said: It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that this act of the New Hampshire
Legislature provides for the case of the sitting
member. Thegentleman from New Jersey seemed
to think that the question all turned upon the
power or right of the Legislature of New Hamp-
shire to district, or redistrict the State, as often as
they might think fit, and upon the construction of
the act districting the State. I confess that I have
listened with interest to the arguments that have
been adduced by gentlemen on the other side, in
reference to the merits of this case, and yet I can-
not say that I think any have really touched the
real question. It appears to me that there has
been some misapprehension as to the true spirit of
the Constitution in relation to the bearings of this j
case. The State of New Hampshire has, by the
Constitution, the same power that the Congress
of the United States has in reference to fixing the
time, place, and manner of conducting an election,
and I believe, by the words " time, place, and
manner, "the substantial and actual holding of an
election is provided for. In addition to which,
should a State neglect, Congress lias the right to
exercise the power that the State has in this re-
spect. Congress has the right also to alter regu-
lations which the State has power to make.
But Congress has not districted the State of
New Hampshire, nor do I think she has constitu- i
tionally required New Hampshire to do it, though
this point is not in the case, for I freely concede
what is admitted by the gentleman l'rom New
Jersey, that New Hampshire did properly district
her State by both acts. I have listened to the
gentleman's argument with interest and attention,
and the only single point at issue between him
and those who think with me on this subject is,
did the law of New Hampshire of 1850 actually
repeal the law of 1846, and have actual, absolute,
and specific existence in the State at the time of
the election of the sitting member?
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Van
Dyke] stated that the law of 1846 was absolutely
repealed by the law of 1850; and it seems to me,
therefore, that the only question is, was there any
law existing in New Hampshire under which the
Governor could issue a writ of election? I invite
the attention of the gentleman to this point. It
j is admitted, I think, on all hands, that the law of
1846 has been repealed, and the only question then
is, did the law of 1850 reach the case of the sitting
member—did it reach the case of this vacancy?
And upon that question he rested the argument,
that a vacancy in a district must necessarily come
from the same geographical extent of country.
Why, sir, it is at war with the very principle of
his own argument. It is the State of New Hamp-
shire that is entitled to four Representatives; and
supposing, for a moment, that a portion of that
State, upon the border of a river, had been washed
away, and the people translated to the opposite
side of the river and an opposite district, do they
lose their attitude as citizens of the State? Do
they not remain, wherever the law of the State
for the time being places them, in a Congressional
district?
Suppose you take the case of Missouri, and
make three counties out of two, and provide that
the largest portion of one of those counties shall
remain-in the Congressional district to which it
belongs, while the smallest portion goes to a new
Congressional district; and suppose, then, that a
member died; when the writ of election was is-
sued, those people living in the smallest portion of
the county which had been cut off would vote in
the district where they liyed, and yet they would
be,people who had already voted for their Repre-
sentative upon this floor, and they would vote for
another Representative for the same Congress in
their new district. Many like illustrations may
be found in the laws districting State Senators and
Representatives. It is not a question of power.
It is not even a question of virtue or morality,
though it were, as stated by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,] an act of partisan
partiality in favor, of the sitting member; or, as
stated by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Woodward,] a case of abstract wrong upon
some of the people of New Hampshire. Suppose
the Legislature of 1846 had been a corrupt Legis-
lature, and that it had wickedly and with design
made every single district in the State belong to
one political organization; suppose it hai so dis-
tricted the State that all the Representatives in
Congress were of one party;.and suppose that at
the next election a majority of the Legislature had
, been elected from the opposite party, do you doubt
their power at once to repeal the obnoxious law
1 and redistrict the State? Do you doubt the pro-
priety of their doing it? And if in that state of
the case, a member was to die, and the old and
corrupt law was absolutely repealed, do you doubt
the fact that somebody must be elected? Now
this is the only difficulty in my mind: it has oc-
' curred to me that there was no law in existence
under which a member could have been elected.
It occurred to me that the law of 1846 being
repealed, the law of 1850 did not apply to .the
case, but only to subsequent Congresses, and in
such a case there could certainly be no provision
to fill the vacancy occuring in this Thirty-first
Congress. Nobody can doubt it if the law of
1850 applies only to the elections for the Thirty-
second and subsequent Congresses; for taking this
view of the case there could be no law exis#ig
under which the Governor could issue his writ of
election.
As regards the time, place, and manner df hold-
ing elections, Congress can alter the districts of
any State, but it cannot command the State to do
it; either Congress a'one or the State alone has
this power under the Constitution. I do not feel
any partiality in this case; I do not desire that
there should be any favor shown the gen tleman from
New Hampshire. But as it is conceded that the
law of 1846 is repealed, the only one that can by
possibility apply to the present period of time is
that of 1850. What soundness is there in the
argument of the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Van Dyke,] that this law of 1850 was not
intended by the Legislature of New Hampshire to
apply to the election of Representatives to the
Thirty-first Congress ? What is there in such a
view of the case that is entitled to any considera-
tion ? If the law of 1850 does not apply, what
law does?
j And besides, what right have we to assume the
| question of intention ? Our ideas of the intention of
I the Legislature of New Hampshire will be gov-
erned by our several and various views and theories
of the relative State and Federal power under the
Constitution. '
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Woodward] presented a theory of the view of
this case that would have led him to the very op-
posite conclusion, as to the intention of the New
Hampshire Legislature, than that which would be
entertained by the gentleman from New Jersey or
| myself, just as we should differ as to the power
! of the Legislature of New Hampshire or of Con-
j: gress. We may all, with propriety, differ as to the
j | intentions of the Legislature. The gentleman can
j; scarcely conclude that it would be the intention of
I j the Legislature to violate and transcend their con-
stitutional powers. He must necessarily, then, have
come to a conclusion that would give the Legisla-
ture an intention consistent with, and,subordinate
to, their constitutional rights. It would be an un-
warrantable assumption on the part of this House
to say that the New Hampshire Legislature in-
tended this law to apply to the Thirty-second Con-
gress. If the Legislature had said that this new
law was to regulate elections for the Thirty-second
and future Congresses, and then had chosen to re-
peal the existing law regulating elections, 1 should
, indeed have felt that there had been no election,
and that the Legislature had deprived the State of
■ New Hampshire of one of her four Representatives
to which she is entitled by the Federal Constitu-
i tion. I believe that the State has full power to
Ej rescribe the times, places, and manner in which
er Representatives shall be chosen. I believe that
' she has the right to say whether her Representa-
'! tives shall be chosen by general ticket or by dis-
tricts. I believe the Legislature have the power to
district the State as they please; and all I want to
know is the simple question of fact, have they
districted the State, and is the law of 1850 the law
, providing the time, place, and manner of filling the
vacancy in question ? If I had any doubts as to the
I repeal of the law of 1846,1 should believe the sit-
1 ting member not entitled to his seat. If the clause
of the law of 1850 which repeals all former laws
| inconsistent with this, does not apply directly to
I. the law of 1846, then I do not think Mr. Morrison
entitled to his seat. But it is conceded, I think,
by the minority and majority of the Committee of
Elections, and by those who have simported the
