m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
right of the contestant, that the law of 1846 is re-
pealed.
The House will observe that the law of 1850
designates what were the old, and what should be
the new districts, and repeals everything in the
old law inconsistent with its designation of the
new district. The geography of the districts are
changed, and all that is inconsistent with the new
Jaw, is repealed by the passage of this act of 185(1.
Its effect is immediate. There is no question of
State rights at issue. It is an act of the State
itself. Congress has not exercised any power of
.districting the State. The acts of Congress have
not altered the regulations of the State of New
Hampshire. Let us come to the question of fact,
however. New Hampshire regulates the time,
place, and'manner of holding her elections for the
present Congress. Unless the law of 1850 ap-
plies, there is no law which applies. If such be
the dilemma in which the State was placed, I do
nqfesee that any representative could he returned
to this present Congress; but I cannot be insen-
sible to the right of the State to a representative,
and I believe that the law of 1850 provides for the
election, and that under that law, the sitting
member is entitled to his seat. It resolves itself
into this single consideration. The Constitution
prescribes that each State shall be entitled to so
many representatives; or rather, it fixes the ratio
which determines what that number shall be.
Now comes a case in which this House is called
upon to consider the law of New Hampshire, and
put a construction upon it; and it is not reason-
able that you should give too narrow, or technical,
or close a construction, or you may give to the
State one less representative than it is entitled to.
If you give too large and liberal a construction to
this law, on the other hand, you do no worse than !
give their full share of representation to the people
of New Hampshire. We are expected fairly and
honorably to construe the law, doing the State
nothing less nor more than fuir justice; but it is j
more seemly to err on the side which secures her 1
a full representation, than on that which deprives ;
her of her just rights.
There is a powerful obligation resting on us '
all, not to construe the law so technically as to \
deprive the State of one of her members; and it is
in this that I find my motive for a liberal and gen-
erous construction of the law. It is only a ques-
tion of construction. Is there anything in that
Jaw so positive and unmistakable as to justify
Congress in depriving the State of one of its repre-
sentatives ?
I have never been able to entertain the idea of
fiving the contestant a seat. That is impossible,
loth the majority and the minority reports o*f the
committee say that the law of 1846 is not now in
force. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Thomp-
son] admitted it. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Van Dyke] tells you that that law is not
in force. He tells you that the law of 1846 was
repealed, and that it is a question-of construction
only of the fciw of 1850. I accept these issues. I
believe that they are the true issues in this case.
I believe that they are the only issues. I believe
that everything else that has been introduced into
this discussion is incidental to it, is outside of the
question. The law of 1846 was repealed; the law
of 1850 is in full force. What does that law pro-
vide ? It provides for four representatives from the
State of New Hampshire; and let us take care,
8ir, that we do not allow our judgments to be
biased by our views on a constitutional law, or by
our political affinities either, (for both have a place
necessarily in the consideration of cases of this
sort,) which might lead us into a construction of
that law, which would deprive New Hampshire
of her constitutional rights.
New Hampshire is entitled to four representa-
tives, and she has provided that four elections
shall be held. And are you to give her only three
by an improper construction of the law ? It is
impossible that the argument presented by the
minority of the committee, in relation to this con-
tested election, can be supported. It is impossible
that we can assume a new power of Congress in
this matter. The right to judge of qualifiations be-
longs to this House; the right to alter the time,
place and manner of holding elections, belongs to :
Congress. To involve these powers and exercise
the latter, under the pretence of exercising the
Jirst, is unreasonable, it is absurd. We cannot :
imagine that this House has a right in judging of |
these qualifications, to provide for the election of
members. The power to do the one is in this
House; the power to do the other is in the States,
or in Congress. It is, therefore,.impossible, upon
the views presented either by the majority or mi-
nority report, to give the contestant his seat.
I make no point about Congressional or State
power. The Legislature of New Hampshire has
districted the State, whether in obedience to an act
of Congress or independent of it, is not material,
since we all concede the question of power. We
have only to look to the law districting the State.
Is it the law of 1846, or the law of 1850 ? It is
certainly not that of 1846. Is it, then, that of
1850? I think we cannot question it without vio-
lent presumptions, which must necessarily deprive
New Hampshire of her just representation.
Mr. DUER said: I desire to say but a very few
words upon this question. We all know that
questions of this kind are apt to be determined by
partisan considerations. The record shows it.
But in this case these considerations are so insig-
nificant, and the other questions involved are so
important, that I hope we may come to a decision
upon the merits of the case only, and that gentle-
men may divest themselves of every bias that may
possibly affect their minds. There are now but a
few weeks left of the session and of this Congress.
I suppose that both these gentlemen will get their
pay and mileage, and the result is utterly insig-
nificant as respects the power of either party in
this House.
I intend to confine my remarks to the question
i of the right of the sitting member. The other
question, whether the contestant is entitled to his
seat, I propose to leave untouched. I am willing
to hear some other gentleman—though I have a
i decided impression of my own—before I mature
i my opinion upon that point. It is clear to me
that the sitting member is not entitled to his seat;
! and I will briefly give some reasons for so think-
ing, without entering into the whole argument
upon the subject.
I shall consider, first, whether the act of Con-
gress requiring Representatives to be elected by
single districts is authorized by the Constitution
1 of the United States; and secondly, whether the
act of the State of New Hampshire restricting
that State, so that a man may come here as the
Representative, in part, of a district already rep-
resented, is in conformity to that act.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Woodward,] who addressed the House, the d^y
before yesterday, took the ground, as I under-
stood him, that Cpngress has no power to district
a State or to provide in any way for the election
of members of the House. He affirms that the
power conferred by the fourth section of the first
article of the Constitution, has reference to the
conducting of the election at the polls, and that
the words "holding elections" are not equivalent
to making election or electing. Now, sir, sup-
pose that construction to be correct, what is the
, consequence? What is the object of that section?
i Is it a provision giving power to Congress to pro-
vide for the election of members to this House, and
1 consequently for the continuance of this Govern-
ment? No, sir, but it is a reduction—a modification
| of a power necessarily resulting to Congress from
j the terms of the Constitution itself; and it-vests a
; subordinate powerfor the purpose of convenience in
i the States. It provides that" the times, places, and
manner of holding elections shall be prescribed in
each State by the Legislature thereof; but Con-
gress may at any time make or alter such regula-
tions." Congress has the power, without such a
provision, to say that members shall be elected to
this House; indeed this would be a strange Gdv-
! ernment if it had no power to provide for its own
| continuance. There is a general power given to
Congress to pass all laws necessary and proper to
carry into effect any power vested in itself or " in
the Government of the United States, or in any
j department or officer thereof." Now, it is abso-
; lutely necessary, in order to carry into effect the
powers vested in Congress, in the Executive, and
m the Judiciary, that Congress shall be able to say
that a Congress shall be held.
Mr. WOODWARD. With the permission of
the honorable gentleman, I will explain. I do not,
by any means, deny that Congress has power to
provide for holding elections for Senators and
Representatives. Nor do I care to deny that a
i law of Congress, limited to the m«re process of
election or choosing, would supersede a law of a
State Legislature. I will admit, further, that had
the Constitution been silent on the subject, there
would have resulted to this Government a power
to make such regulations as would be indispensa-
ble to enable the people of the States to elect Rep-
resentatives, and thus prevent the annihilation of
the legislative branch of the Government. But
what I maintain is, that Congress cannot other-
wise provide for elections than by the general
ticket system, or election by the aggregate major-
ity in a State.
Mr. DUER.. The difference then between the
gentleman and myself is less than I supposed. I
understood him before to maintain that the power
of Congress was confined to regulating the man-
ner in which elections should be conducted, and
did not extend to providing that elections should
be held. I now understand him to concede that
Congress may pass a law to provide for the elec-
tion of Representatives, provided that be done by
general ticket. At the same time he contends that
the States may do what Congress cannot, namely,
provide for the election of Representatives by dis-
tricts. Now, suppose Congress should pass a law
for the election of Representatives by a general
ticket, prescribing the times, places and manner of
holding the election, and that the State of New
Hampshire, for instance, should provide for an
election by districts, would the law of Congress be
paramount?
Mr. WOODWARD. My mind is not fully
made up on that subject, but I will concede the
point for the purpose of the present argument.
Mr. DUER. The question is certainly import-
ant; and it seems to me that it involves the gentle-
man in a dilemma (let him answer it as he may)
from which there is no escape. The Constitution
provides that the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall be chosen by the people of the
several States; but as to the manner of their elec-
tion, whether by general ticket or by districts, it
contains not a word. The gefltleman admits the
power of Congress to provide for the election of
its members. If, then, an election by districts be
authorized by the Constitution, why may not
Congress provide for an election in that manner ?
And on the other hand, if the Constitution contem-
plates an election by a general ticket, how can a
State provide for an election by districts ?' On the
first supposition, the act of 1842 is valid, and the
sitting member has no right here, because elected
in violation of its provisions. Upon the latter,
neither he nor almost any one else here has a right
to a seat because not elected by the whole people
of a State.
It seems to me, that when the gentleman con-
cedes that a power necessarily results to Congress
to provide for the election of a House of Repre-
sentatives, he concedes everything. If the right
to legislate exist, it must beparamount. And since
it is not the Congress, but the States, that derive
their power from the section referred to, it is im-
material, so far as respects the legislation of Con-
gress, how narrowly that provision may be con-
strued.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am not afraid to con-
cede to the honorable gentleman that the provision
in the Constitution is an enabling one to the States;
conferring upon them a power which, without
such provision, would have naturally resulted to
the General Government, namely: the power to
regulate the " times, places, and manner of holding
elections." But what is the consequence of this
position ? If the object of the Constitution was not
to enable Congress, but the States, it follows that
the power that Congress possesses is the same as
if the Constitution had been silent, subject to such
qualification as the State power may impose. And
a State failing to exert its power, Congress can do
no more than it could have done had no power
been given to the States. In other words, the
power that Congress actually possesses, is the
power natural to it; and the clause which names
the power of Congress, following the clause that
empowers the States, was not used to empower
Congress, but to prevent the exclusiveness of the
State power: in other words, to prevent Congress
from being disabled by the previous clause.
Well, sir, can any power natural to Congress
enable it to do more than treat the States as the
election divisions of the Union, (counties, if you
please,) entitled each to so many Representatives,
to be chosen collectively ?
