203
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
been made, that that election is null and void ? The
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Van Dike]
says that the sitting member from New Hamp-
shire occupies precisely the same position that his
predecessors aid; that he comes with the same
rights, the same powers, and the same privileges.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I will say to the gentleman j
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] that I said directly the
reverse. I said the member ought to fill the same
place that his predecessor did, and that he ought
to be elected by the same men. I did not say that
such was the case.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well, sir. The gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Van Dyke] says the
sitting member ought to have the same power, he
ought to occupy the same place, and ought to be
elected by the same men as his predecessor. It
matters not, as far as the argument is concerned.
Will the gentleman undertake to eay, that if the ;
State of JN ew Hampshire had changed the qualifi-
catlbns of her voters in the mean time, that the '
member elected in the same district would not be
entitled to a seat on this floor ? In the State of
Illinois, three years ago, the law required a man
to reside in the State but six months to entitle him
to vote. Since that time the law has been changed
so that a man is not only required to reside in the
State a year, but, if a foreigner, to become natural-
ized before he is allowed to vote. Suppose, then,
the qualification for voters were changed in the
State of New Hampshire in the same way; does
the gentleman main tain that the member elected
under such circumstances would not be entitled to
a seat on this floor on that account? He might
maintain it with the same propriety that he does
that the sitting member, whose seat is now con-
tested, cannot hold his seat because he was not
eleced by the same body of electors that his pre-
decessor was.
Now, suppose Congress were to assume the
power of rejecting a member whacomes here with
his credentials from the State of New Hampshire,
I maintain, sir, that it would be an arbitrary and
tyrannical usurpation of power. But further, I
contend that Congress has the same power to direct
that the State of Massachusetts shall elect her
member by a plurality vote, that it has to diTect
that the States shall elect by district. Congress
has the same power to direct that Missouri shall
elect by majority that it has to declare Missouri
shall elect by district. Congress has nothing to do
with it. Even if you assume for it the power to
regulate the time, manner and place of holding
election, it has no right to exercise that power, ex-
cept in case where the State neglects entirely to
make provision for its own election.
Now, in whatever light you think proper to con-
sider the act of 1842, the question resolves itself
into simply this: Has the member been elected in
compliance with the laws of New Hampshire?
There can be no question about the validity of the
law of 1850. The Legislature of New Hampshire
repealed the act of 1846. No person can doubt
the right to repeal that law. If she has the right
to make the law, she must have the right to re-
peal it.
The gentleman talks about vested rights and
ex post facto laws. He gives an entirely new in-
terpretation, to the House, of the term ex post fac-
to. If we would have the country as enlightened
as we have been by his new discovery, we should
provide for an appeal from the Supreme Court of
the United States to the gentleman from New Jer-
sey. If he gives that interpretation to the term,
he gives an entirely new one; and if he eipects
the House to adopt his interpretation in direct vi-
olation of the decisions of the Supreme Court, he
will have to present stronger reasons than he has
yet done.
Leaving, then, the act of 1842 out of the ques-
tion, every member on this floor must acknowl-
edge that the Legislature of New Hampshire had
the right to enact the law of 1846; and if she had
this right she also had the right to alter it as she
did in 1850. Then the only question in the case
is, was the election a valid election? The question
resolves itself into this simple point. Every mem-
ber admits that the Legislature of New Hampshire
had the right to repeal the old law and to pass the
new one; and theonly inquiry to make is, was the
election held in conformity to that law? Why, sir,
when the case is sifted, even this is not denied. But
suppose we now disregard that law, we shall dis-
regard a law passed in conformity to the Constitu-
tion, and be guilty of a high-handed and unwarrant-
able act It is sufficient to know, that this is a law
of legal and binding obligation. Considering it in
that light, I shall vote to sustain it, and vote for
! maintamingthe sitting member in his seat,ascheer-
j fully as any vote which I ever gave in my life.
1 But I will not longer trespass upon your patience,
and will close my remarks upon this subject.
Mr. H. having concluded his remarks, on mo-
tion, the House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILtS. j
Mr. BENNETT gave notice that he would hereafter ask
leave to introduce " A bill granting to the State of New Y ork
for certain purposes a just arid equal amount of the public
lands with that granted to other States."
Mr. DOTY gave notice of his intention to ask leave to
introduce a bill to authorize the States of Ohio and Wis-
consin to locate the balance of the lands to which they are
respectively entitled under the acts granting land to aid in
I the construction of the Wabash and Erie and Dayton and
Erie Canals, and for the improvement of Neenah, or Fox,
and Wisconsin rivers.
Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave on to morrow, or some subsequent day, to
introduce a bill for the relief of Conrad Mowry, of Westmore- i
laud county, Pennsylvania.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana: The petition of Nathaniel
Bolton and others, late and present receivers of public
moneys, and late and present registers of the land office at 1
Indianapolis, Indiana, praying additional compensation for
locating land warrants.
By Mr. PITMAN : The petition of John Ruch and 32
others, citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking
Congress to make such modification of existing tariff laws
as will afford more adequate protection to American labor.
Also, the petition of John G. Hewes and 27 others, citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for a similar
purpose.
Also, the petition of Jeremiah Reed and 32 others, citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for a similar pur- j
pose. I
Also, the petition of Peter D. Luther and 27 others, ]
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for a similar
purpose. \
Also, the petition of James M. Brathy and 29 others,
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for a similar
purpose.
By Mr. FREEDLEY : The petition of S. L. Miller and
42 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
1 take such measures, by a change of the Constitution or
otherwise, as will abolish slavery throughout the United
States, or relieve the people of Pennsylvania of the respon-
sibility of its support.
By Mr. DURKEE: The petition of Benjamin Piper and 47 J
others, citizens of Jefferson county, in the State of Wiscon- j
sin, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law, for j
the following reasons: That it suspends the writ of habeas \
corpus, which is contrary to article first, section ninth, of the j
Constitution of the United States; that under its provis- :
ions any citizen of the United States is liable to be seized, j
without process, and dragged before a commissioner for j
trial, which is contrary to the fourth article of the amend- j
ments to the Constitution of the United States, which arti-
cle secures the right of the people from unreasonable search
and seizure; that under its provisions the right of trial by
, jury is made void, which violates the seventh article of the
amendments to the Constitution of the United States, as
under that article trial by jury is guarantied where the
, amount cltiimed is over twenty dollars, and the master
I would not recover his slave did his value exceed that
sum; that by this law commissioners may be appointed, by
an inferior tribunal, without regard to qualifications, and a
premium is offered them in the sum of five dollars more for
the delivery of the captive than for his discharge; that by
this law if one person should see another seize a third per-
son in the street, and lie should assist the third person to
make his escape, he subjects himself to a fine of one thou-
sand dollars and six months'imprisonment; that by this law
the commands of Christ are, in certain cases, made void, as
the person who may feed, clothe, and take in the stranger,
subjects himself to one thousand dollars fine and six
; months'imprisonment: Therefore, if you love your coun-
i try and delight in her free institutions—if you believe in the
i principles contained in the Declaration of Independence—
j if you believe in the Christian religion, and the commands
of Christ as recorded in His gospel, repeal tills law. But
if you will not hear the voice of reason, justice, and hu-
manity, we appeal unto God, the common Father of us all,
whose vengeance will not always sleep, but will, in due
! time, punish the oppressor, and'let the oppressed go free.
By Mr. C HOWELL: The petition of John Kirk and oth-
ers,citizens of Youngstown, Mahoning county, Oliio,pray-
ing for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of Abraham Jacobs and others, citizens
of Mahoning county, Ohio, praying the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of Israel P. Hale
and 44others; one from B. Faucett and 8 others; one from
Jonathan Walton and 57 others; one from T. Caldwell and
24 others, all of Columbiana and Mahoning counties, Ohio,
for a repeal of the fugitive law.
Also, the memorial of John Manfull and other citizens of
Augusta, Carroll county, Ohio, asking the erection of a
light-house on Rock Island, Lake Erie.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of sundry citizen*
of Philadelphia interested in the trade of the river Dela-
ware, asking Congress to provide for.the repair of the piers
at Chester, Marcus Hook, and New Castle.
By Mr. HILLIARD: The petition of W. B. Figeraes
and others, asking compensation for increase of business
occasioned by the issue of military bounty land warrants.
By Mr. WENTWORTH : The petition of citizens of
Bureau and Rock Island counties, Illinois, for a mail route
from Rock Island, via Moline, in Rock Island county,
Cleveland Ferry, Green River P. O., Geneseo, and Cana-
da Settlement, in Henry county, Bulbonia Grove, and In-
diantown, in Bureau county, to Peru, in La Salle county.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 9, 1851.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a document signed by
Thomas Murphy, and sworn to before Alderman
Cook, of the city of Philadelphia, giving his ex-
perience as a practical engineer for twenty years,
in which he swears that he has never known a
single case in which wood or any other material,
however combustible, has taken fire from being
brought in contact with, or in close proximity to,
tbe surface boiler, heated by steam or water, and
that he does not believe such materials liable to
combustion from such contact or proximity, and
that explosions are for the most part the result of
causes yet to be ascertained, and that all practical
engineers agree with him that the causes of explo-
sions are yet involved in so much mystery and
uncertainty that it is wholly unsafe, and often-
times vexatious, to seek to cure or limit them by
j legislation; which said document was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOWNS presented papers in relation to
the claim of Captain William H. Brittingham,
asking compensation for a vessel destroyed by the
Mexican authorities in the year 1835; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Alex-
ander Murdoch, in behalfof the FirstPresbyterian
Church of Baltimore, asking the remission of du-
ties paid on certain articles imported by that church;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial from the
register and receiver of the land office at Cham-
pagnole, Arkansas, and also a memorial from the
register and receiver at Clarksville, in the same
; State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Also, resolutions of the State of Arkansas, in
favor of an alteration of the mail route from Little
Rock to Washington, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi," presented a me-
morial from citizens of the United States interested
in manufactures and the progress of useful inven-
tions, asking that the Senate bill No. 200, to amend
the patent Taws, may be postponed till the next
session of Congress.
He called for the reading of the memorial, and
it was read accordingly. It sets forth that those
interested in manufactures and the progress of
useful inventions desire Congress to postpone fur-
ther action until next Congress, being deeply sen-
sible of the importance of the interests involved,
and being earnestly fearful that much wrong and
injury will be done them by the passage of the
bill in its present shape.
The motion to print the above was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition from citizens
of Allegany county, in the State of Maryland, in
favor of cheap postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented six memorials of cit-
izens of Illinois, asking an extension of the patent
for McCormick's reaper; which were referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. WALES, it was ordered
that Arnold Naudaine have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the documents relating to
the claim of William Blake to a pension , submit-
ted a report in writing, asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
; was agreed to.
In answer to a question from Mr. WALKER,
Mr. JONES said that the committee asked to be
discharged because the existing laws will grant the
relief prayed for.
Mr. "JONES, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of James H. Robinson
'' for an increase of pension, submitted a report in
