1851.
TRE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
Howe, ss a member fhrni the Third district in the State of
New Hampshire, to fill tbe vacancy occasioned by tbe re-
alisation ot" tbe honorable James Wilson.]
Mr. HALL, who was entitled to the floor on
the question, said that he had not obtained it for
the purpose of making a speech, but of moving
the previous question. As the last speech had
been made on his side of the House, he was per-
fectly willing to forego his purpose of moving the
previous question, and to yield the floor to any I
gentleman on the other side who desired to speak, i
on condition that he would, after addressing the
House, demand the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK said that he desired to be heard
on this question, and would renew the previous
question if the gentleman desired it.
Mr. SWEETSER inquired whether such an
arrangement would be in order?
The SPEAKER replied that the Chair had
nothing to do with any such arrangement, and
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schemck] was
entitled to tie floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is a new case in the
history of the Congress of the United States, and,
in some respects, it is as important as it is new.
As far as it applies to the influence which the
decision of the House may have upon the present
Congress, it is, perhaps, not of any very great
consequence; but if we look at the principle in-
volved in the decision, and the bearing which that
principle may possibly have in future, it becomes
essentially necessary and right, that the House
should not act without the utmost fairness and ,
impartiality, and that it should do what is right \
ana just, according to the law and Constitution. 1
The question is not only a new one, but it is
in some respects a difficult one. I have endeav-
ored to possess myself of the points which are
embraced in it, as well as my capacity will en- j
able me to do, and to consider them fairly and j
candidly, and I ask the attention of the House '
' while I state the result of my deliberations. I can j
see very readily, how this motion presenting itself j
in a different light to different minds, may, by the j
exercise of a little ingenuity, be involved by the ,
presentation of difficult propositions and difficult .
points. I have, however, for reasons which I will I
presently submit to the House, come to the con-
clusion, that, considering all things involved in it—
the constitutional question, the legislation of the
States, the rights of the State Legislatures, and of
this House of Representatives—the contestant is
entitled to his seat. I have come to that conclusion,
and I shall endeaver to express very briefly my
reasons for it. When an election is to take place
in the district in wiiich a vacancy has occurred,
that election must take place with reference to the
district as it was at the time when the first elec-
tion was held for the existing Congress, interfer-
ing in no way, however, with the rights and power
of the State to pass any law it may deem neces-
sary for changing its districts, and modifying in
any way the apportionment of the State for any
future Congress.
But, Mr. Speaker, I would not have submitted
any reasons for my vote, but would have been
aausfied with voting silently upon this question,
if it had not been for the course pursued by my
colleague from the Cincinnati district, [Mr. Dis-
ney,] -who undertook the discussion of this case
at large yesterday. If he had refrained from cer-
tain declarations which he made with reference to
the action-of the Legislature of his own State, and
the legislation of his colleagues, including myself
and others on this side of the House, I should not
have felt myself called upon .to rise for the pur-
pose of speaking on this question, or of replying
to anything that might have been offered by gen-
tlemen in discussing this question.
Now, sir, what has my colleague said? He
believes that the sitting member is entitled to be
retained in his seat, ana that the contestant ought
not to be admitted. In arguing it he uses this
language:
" Sir, I could imagine nothing more exquisitely ridicu-
lous than the scene which would be presented if tbe gentle-
man from Ken tacky, [Mr. Thompson,] and the gentleman
from New Hampshire. [Mr. Tuck,] would privately offer
to my colleagues on that side the reasons which they have
submitted to the consideration of the House. I say I could
imagine nothing mors supremely ridiculous than for those
gentlemen to offer, in good faith and with beeoming gravity,
those considerations t  my colleagues on that side of tin
House. If the gentlemen will only do it, and will invite
me to be present, T would ask no richer feast. Why, sir,
tbe MsftKjr ef our own State team with instances where
that patty have rendered themselves notorious by their ne-
farious acta with regard to transactions of this sort—tram-
pling .alike upon the Constitution of the country, upon the
established law of the land, ay, sir, in some cases even upon
Sublic decency too. My colleagues on that side of the
[ouse need no appeal from me to remind them of their du-
ties in regard to sustaining their consistency in voting upon
a question of this sort; but I would ask them to remember
the course and practice of their coadjutors in our State, and
eves of themselves. Some ol° the very gentlemen who oc-
cupy seats upon this floor I ask to remember their own par-
ticipation in other halls of legislation, in regard to questions
of this sort." i i
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will not stop to comment ;
upon the propriety or impropriety, the good or bad !
taste of arguing the question of constitutional law
and right in relation to Representatives upon this
floor, by reference to the party politics of'one's
own State. To me it seems to be in exceedingly
bad taste. It seems to me there must be a most
morbid and craving appetite for that kind of small
partisan war which will carry the gentleman so
far away from a mere question of law and State
rights, as to attempt to illustrate and enforce his
argument in that way. If he had forborne from 1
doing this; if he had not made such allusion to
the practices of the Legislature in his own State,
and even to the personal and political character
of his colleagues who hold seats upon the floor of
this House, I should have thought it more deco- .
rous. But I let all that pass. It is, as I have |
said, a matter of taste more than anything else, '
and I shall not consume much time in talking
about it. But, with regard to What may seem a ,
charge against his Whig colleagues here, and
against the Whig party of the State of Ohio, I
feel that we are in some degree called upon to re-
ply. I certainly should have been much better
pleased if he had put these charges which he has
insinuated, into some tangible form; if hehadspe-
cified and put into some distinct shape the com-
plaints which he makes against the Whig party
in some particular acts of legislation in that State.
But I yet feel it incumbent that I should say some-
thing, even if it be nothing more than in so many
words to repel such wholesale assault as utterly
and entirely unfounded, whether it come in the
shape of direct charge, or, as it has done on this
occasion, as a eovert.insinuation.
I deny, nr, that the Whigs of the State of
Ohio,—either occupying seats on this floor or not—
I deny, sir, that they have been engaged in tram-
pling upon the constitutional rights, upon the law
and rignts of the citizens of their State. I indig-
nantly repel and denounce any intimation that
they have been engaged, in any way, in contra-
vening the rights of the people, in connection with
questions of this sort. I would like to call upon
my colleague to state what are their particular
acts of legislation, what particular unjust prac-
practices have they been guilty of, that have made
him feel called upon in Congress, in the way that
he has done, to denounce them as violators of the
Constitution,of the law,and of "public decency."
I ask my colleague, especially, to tell me, what are
; the " nefarious acts of legislation in which they
i have participated, by which they have rendered
j themselves " notorious?"
| Mr. DISNEY. It at all times affords me grati-
I fication to please my colleague. He asks me to
specify some instance which will warrant the
charges which he says I made when I addressed
the House on yesterday. For myselfl could have
wished to have been spared the necessity of such
a statement; but since ne requires but a solitary
instance I will remind the gentleman of one. He
| will remember that on one occasion, when the
] Democrats were in a majority in our Legislature,
j and whenabillwasunderdiscussion for the district-
| ing of the State for the election of Representatives
: to the Congress of the United States, the Whig
i party in that body, to prevent the passage of the
act, violently withdrew themselves from the Halls
of the Legislature, and broke it up. There was
no pretence of any want of legal and constitutional
authority to pass the bill as it was proposed. It
was about to be done in consonance with the laws
and constitution, but because its probable effects
were supposed to threaten desired advantages for
the Whig party, the Whig members deliberately
and abruptly broke up the Legislature and prevent-
ed any legislative action.
Mr. SCHENCK, (in continuation.) Very
well, sir; I am very glad that the gentleman has
specified his " solitary instance;" and since he ha*
qttot«d this ease, I feel called upon, distinctly, to
submit to the House ft ft* of the fectsin reference
to that passagein our political history. But,beitre-
membered that this is one of the flagrant instances
of our acts of '• neferious" legislation! Mark
this! The circumstance to which ne refers, was the
resignation of certain Whig members of the Legis-
lature of Ohio. So far as I understand the gen-
tleman, this is the instance to which he refers. If
I am wrong, I hope he will correct me. An act
done, as win appear, to prevent an outrage in legis-
lation, is what ne calls "nefarious legislation!"
And that is the sort of specification he fornishes!
But I do not intend, in aJhiding to this case, to be
guilty of any special pleading. I shall merely
refer to die actual facts, from which resulted that
resignation, and we shall see how his charge is
sustained.  
At that time the Whigs had elected a Governor
for the State of Ohio, by a majority of seventeen
thousand votes, and given also to their candidate
for the Presidency, (General Harrison,)something
like twenty-four thousand majority; and yet the
Whigs were in a minority in both branches of the
Legislature of the State! Why was this, sir?
Because, sir, in our State there is a constitutional
provision by which the State is apportioned for
the purpose of legislative representation every four
years, as it is every ten years for Congressional
representation.
The Democrats happening to have a majority in
our Legislature when this Suite apportionment had
taken place, had so arranged the several Senatorial
and Representative districts as to secure to them-
selves a majority in both branches of the Legisla-
ture, whilst they were actually in a minority in
the State. The consequence of this was, to make
"a fraud breed another fraud:" and when it fell
out at the approach of the time that it was
necessary to district the State of Ohio for the
purpose of Congressional representation, what
aid this Democratic majority in the Legislature
think proper to do, to retain the power which
they thought was fleeting from them? Taking the
then recent elections as a standard for determining
the political complexion of districts, they framed
their apportionment bill in such a way that they
could obtain sixteen Democrats in Congress, whilst
the Whigs, who wereactually in the majorityin the
State, would only have five. To do- this they
formed districts ofail manners of shapes and forms,
resembling everything upon the face of the earth,
that a sick imagination could conceive. My friend
on my left suggests, nothing on earth has been
presented to us at all like them, except in similar
gerrymandering affairs. What, under these cir-
cumstances, did the Whigs do? Their appeals to
the Democrats were of no avail whatever. The
committees, as I happen personally to know, might
have agreed upon a fair representation of the
State, but they were overruled by outside influence,
and it was finally determined to force through
this bill, which would have given the Demo-
crats sixteen Representatives and the Whigs
five. What was the result? The Whigs would'
not do as the Democrats afterwards did, hold on
to the offices and refuse to legislate. They held
that the man who had the office of a repre-
sentative of the people, or any other public post,
was bound to discharge the duties and functions
appertaining to its incumbency, and could in no
way relievehimself from that responsibility except
by the resignation of that office, and that he who
would still hold on to his office, as the Democrats
did, and refuse to perform its duties and func-
tions, was committing a fraud upon the people of
the. State whom he thus deprive*! of his voice in
the Legislature while he prevented them from ap-
pointing a successor. The Whigs, including near-
ly all the members of that party both in the Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives, when they
found that the measure was to be forced post-
haste through the House, and .in like manner
through the Senate, tendered their resignations,
and thus reduced the House below a quorum,
(two thirds being required to make a quorum
under our Constitution,) and the legislative pow-
er was returned to the people, to be by them given
to any gentlemen whom they should elect at some
future day. And it seems to have surprised and
astonished the Democrats, that under any circum-
stances men holding office should have resigned.
[Laughter.] Secession they can understand; hold-
ing office and drawing pay, hat refusing to per*
form its duties, they can appreciate. Anything
