1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
« law to divide the county itself—and this was an !
alteration of the existing districting laic. My col-
league lias drawn upon his imagination in order
to describe the figures and forma of the districts
in die act proposed to be passed by the Democrats
at the time that the Whigs broke up die Legisla-
ture. The gentleman has an exuberant fancy; but
I ask him whether it ever came up to the actual
picture formed by the Hamilton county act? Did
the gentleman ever look at it upon the map ? Let
him do so. The line for a long distance ran down
the main street of the city, leaving one side of the
street to be represented by one person and the
other by another, and this, too, when the plea set
tip in defence was diversity of interest—that the
interests of the city and the county were dif-
ferent; and yet, in contempt of that defence, they
cut off a large and very important business part
of the city and attached it to the county. Will
my colleague have any more?
Air. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman com-
plain of the form or shape of those districts thus
formed, or was it pretended that diey were in vio-
lation of the Constitution ?
Mr. GIDDINGS said he rose for the purpose
of suggesting to his colleagues on both sides of
the House the propriety of making no further dis-
closures. [Laughter.^ These criminations and
recriminations were painful to him, particularly as
he was informed that the two parties in that State
were making great efforts to unite, to come to-
gether, in order to save the Union. [Roars of
laughter.] *
Air. SCHENCK. I understand the trouble of
my colleague, [Mr. Giddings,} who has last inter-
rupted. Ft is not so much that he is concerned
about a union cf Whigs and Democrats in Ohio,
as that he begins to fear a certain proposed coali- i
tion between Democrats and Free-Soilers will not j
be effected. Whether the Union be saved or not, j
he wants at least to save tlte Senator! [Loud !
laughter.] He will still have to be content with
his honors in this end of the Capitol. Hinc ,
ill a: lachrymce. [Laughter.]
But to return to my other colleague's cases .and.
objections. The Morgan county case, as I under-
stand it, was but a change in the boundaries of a
county, and that is a thing which is continually done
in every State of the Union. There is scarcely ever ,
agression of the Legislature in my own State, (which
is comparatively new,) without something of the
kind being done; and it is probably the case in
all the other States, unless it be in some of the
oldest. The Hamilton county case probably de-
serves some further notice at my hands, because,
as my colleague will recollect, it created a sensa-
tion which shook our State from the boundaries
to the centre. It was a revolution itself. The
Hamilton county case, as my colleague's party,
in grand convention assembled at the capital de-
clared, dissolved our government in Ohio, and they ;
went to work to appoint committees of public j
safety for all the Congressional districts of the
State, to govern the people till «o«h time as a
new constitution could be fbrmedy'Rnd I am not
eertain but that my colleague, [Mr. Disney,] be-
fore he had taken upon himself the mantle of his
predecessor in this Hall, was the person, in his
Congressional district, upon whom devolved the
onerous duty of taking care of the peace and quiet
of the people of that district during the time of-
that interregnum. [Laughter.] Well, what was
it that the Whigs did? They divided Hamilton
county. It contains some one hundred or one
hundred and twenty thousand inhabitants in Cin-
cinnati alone, and I know not what population
without tlie city—about one hundred and sixty
thousand in the whole county including the city.
Believing, as the Whigs have always believed in my
State—as I hope they will show in the Consti-
tutional Convention now in session there—that
it is important to bring the repesentatipn as near
as possible to the people, they preferred to di-
vide that large population, and to allow each of the
sections of the county to elect Representatives.
They therefore divided Hamilton county, making
the first eight wards of the city one Senatorial dis-
trict, and the remainder of the city and county
another district. This was done, and it was de-
nounced from end to end of the State by the Dem-
ocrats there, and by my colleague amongst the num-
ber, as that outrage upon the rights of the citizens,
that trampling under fopt of the constitution^
which was, in fact, the violation of all rights, and
the subversion of the constitution, and that,
therefore, we were actually in a state of revolu-
tion. Now, it is a singular fact—and I know that 1
it will not be denied—that although it wets uncon-
stitutional to divide Hamilton county by a line
running along a certain street—although it was a
gross violation of the constitutional rights of the !
people of the State to do that, though it broke
down the system of State government itself, and ,
left us in a state of anarchy and revolution, yet
every Democrat in the Legislature, just before that
law was passed,-voted for dividing Hamilton
county by another line which would have made
two Democratic districts. [Laughter.] I ask
whether that is not true?
Mr. DISNEY. The act was unparalleled in
the annals of political atrocity. It violated the
Constitution, and assaulted every man's sense of
common justice. The plea set up by the Whigs
was, diat the interests of the county were differ-
ent from the city, and that, therefore, their repre-
sentation should be separated; but, as I have said,
their act ridiculously cut off a large portion of the
heavy business part of the city, and attached it .
to the county The Democrats denounced the
whole affair; but they said, if you will commit
the outrage, at least have some regard to decency,
, and make your act conform to the reasons which
you present for its commission. Separate the en-
tire city, if you will separate a part; but the part
was Whig—the entire city was probably Demo- j
cratic. 1 hese facts were enough. W hig reasons
went one way, their acts another.
Mr. DISNEY. My colleague, of course, can
make any inference he pleases, but it is possible
a different version might be given to the whole !
matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. My time is too limited to
enable me to allow the gendeman to make a set
speech. A single yes or no will suffice my pur-
' pose. Because we attempted, or rather the VV hig
Legislature, attempted to divide the county so asr 1
to equalize representation more, fairly—because :
they perpetrated this enormity, the Whig party
are charged widi being guilty of "nefarious '
transactions. .
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that to drag such
matters into the present discussion—allusions that
are almost personal in their character—seems to
me in exceedingly bad taste. I think gentlemen 1
will agree with me, that in a discussion of die
claims to a seat from a district of New Hampshire,
thus to bring in the Whig party of Ohio, and that,
too, almost m a personal manner, and bring against
that party such unfounded and sweeping charges,
is at least uncalled-for and uncourteous. The gen- j
tleman has specified some of those charges, and I
have given my answers to them. In reference to
these matters, both, as regards the charges the gen-
tleman has specified, and those he intimates he
has-behind, as to any attempt of the Whig party
of my State to interfere with the rights of repre-
sentation, the equal representation of the people,,
and the whole people, and the apportionment of
that representation fairly according to the popula-
tion in the various districts, I say that they are not '
true, but ut.erly unfounded. ;
My colleague [Mr. Campbell] wants me to ;
refer to the case of Hamilton county again, in
reference to the fact that the gentleman elected to
sit fqr that Whig district, retains his seat, and no I
one now objects or contends that he was not eon- j
stitutionally elected. I believe that my colleague ;
[Mr. Disnkt] will admit that.
Now, sir, where is the resemblance between this.,
legislation and the legislation of New Hampshire ?
What could the gentleman possibly have intended j
by his allusion ? He is speaking about the legia-,
lation of New Hampshire, and he says:
« Why, sir, tb6 history of onr State teem ? with instances
where that pai^y have rendered themselves notorious by 1
their nefarious acts with regard to transactions of this sort." '
What does he mean ? Changing thp districts! i
Then it is nefarious legislation tcrchange districts, '
is it ? Is the gentleman j then, going to vote to sua- J
tain nefarious legislation? He complains that we |
have been engaged in nefarious acts of legislation
of this kind, and then he turns round and offers an
argument in favor of sustaining nefarious legisla-
tion of the same nature. If anybody else had
preached us a sermon on consistency under such
circumstances, (for he alludes to that in the same
paragraph,) I should have marvelled. In his case,
however, I do not wonder. It is no more than I
should have expected of him. He first argues that
this sort of legislation—the changing of districts—
is nefarious, is abominable; and then he turns
round, and by his vote proposes to sustain it.
Well, such is the peculiar construction of my col-
league's mind, and his disposition to indulge in
such eccentricities, that it is not the first time that
he has presented himself in this attitude before the
House. [Laughter.] Why, sir, we all remember
that able, clear, cogent, constitutional argument
which my colleague made here, against the Wil-
mot proviso, which he declared to be unconstitu-
tional, and then concluded his speech by declaring
his intention to vote for it. [Laughter.] I can
distinctly understand why my colleague should
take positions of this kind, for they are not novel
to him; but I should have marveled if anybody
else occupying such a position had come here to
preach up " consistency" to his colleagues.
I say again, sir, that the case presented in this
instance of the New Hampshire election, is a new
one. No such case has ever occurred before, either
in my own State, as my colleague pretends, or
in any other State. It is, therefore, important that
the House should decide upon it, apart from party
issues. It ought not to be brought into the arena
of party warfare; but it ought to be decided with
due regard to the rights of the Representatives on
this floor, and of their constituents.
Now, sir, I have already intimated my opinion
on this case, and I will give, in very brief terms, my
reasons for that opinion. My own State has been
redistricted, but there has never been a vacancy
after that redisricting, in one of the new districts
which would afford a preced ent for this New Hamp -
shire case; nor has such a case occurred else-
where.
While I admit the entire power of the Legislature
to district and redistrict a State for the purposes of
Congressional representation, I would yet reserve
such protection bf the right of representation, and
such supervision for that purpose, as would be
entirely consistent with the rights of those repre-
sented. I concur in the view taken by the gen-
deman from New Jersey, [Mr. Van Dyke,] that
whilst the States undoubtedly have the right
to alter the districts, yet that such alteration would
not have effect, except .upon the next succeeding
general election. And I will submit to the.House
a few of the reasons that my limited time will al-
low me to submit, for believing thatsueh is th«
proper construction- of the Constitution. In the
fourth section of the first article of the Constitution
we have these words:
" The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress.may at
any time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as
to the place of choosing Senators." ' ^
What_does this mean? It does not touch the
question of represention at all; it does not touch
the right of representation; it does not touch this
right which the Constitution has given to the peo-
ple of the different States—a right to * fair "repre-
sentation here. The clause merely provides', in
respect to elections, the place where they are to
be held, the time when they are to be held, and
the manner m which they shall be conducted. It
provides that the States shall enact appropriate laws
for this purpose. But let us look at that clause of
the Constitution which. really gives the' right of
representation. Letusreadit:
" " The House of Representatives shall be composed o f
members chosen every second year by the people of the
several States,.and the electors in each State shall have the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature."
It is from this clause of the Constitution t1 at a
State derives her right of representation here. Aud
it is the people of the Slate—of all the State—iitoi are
to be represented. What construction can be put
upon this language, but that all shall have equal
rights in this respect; that no man shall be doubly
represented, and no man be without representa-
tion. . • .
Now, how can we accomplish this? The gen*
tleman.from New York [Mr. Doer] I understood
to say that it might be perhaps in the power of
a State to make all its districts in one particular
corner of its territory. Sir, I doubt that. If, in
New Hampshire, for instance, they had divided
the State into two parts, and had included «11 the>
four districts in one of those parts, I think Con-
gress would have an undoubted right to look into
it. By the first clause of the Constitution that I
