208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Jan. 10.
quoted, the State can legislate as to the time, place,
and manner of holding the elections; but by the
second, it is not one htdf or a portion of that peo-
ple, but the whole people, that is to be represented.
And I contend it would be unconstitutional for a
State to make any division of its districts that did
not take this provision into consideration.
Mr. DUER. The gentleman misunderstood
me.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, if I misunderstood
the gentleman I am sorry for it, but I only took
it as a case in illustration.
I say, then, that Congress has a right to inter-
fere, if the Legislature of the State should under-
take to double the representation of any part of the
people of such State, or to leave any part of them
without representation, because it would be in vio-
lation of that clause of the Constitution which gives
representation to the people of the State. That is
not interfering with " the times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections." If the Legislature en-
acts a law which, in affirmative terms or negatively
by repealing existing laws, interferes with such
representation of all the people, that law is inoper-
ative and void. I admit, to the fullest extent, the
constitutional right or power of a Legislature to dis-
trict and redistrict. It would be wrong, morally, but
right in a legal sense, for the Legislature to divide a
State or gerrymander it into unequal and inconve-
nient districts. But they have a right to make the
districts in any shape or manner they please, pro-
vided they only comply with the law of Congress
by having single districts, each district with one
Representative, and a Representative from each
district. Everything else that has relation to the
" times, places, and manner" is left to them. But
when they go a step beyond that, and interfere
with representation itself, by giving more than
fair representation to some and taking it entirely
away from others, and thus changing the equality
of representation, then Congress Has power under
another clause of the Constitution to judge of the
right of members to be here.
Let me illustrate this. I will take my own dis-
trict. When I came here to the Twenty-eighth
Congress, I represented a district composed of four
counties. I was elected under the second of those
Democratic gerrymandering apportionments to
which I have had to refer; and after my election,
the Legislature thought proper to alter the district
by taking from it two counties, and adding them to
the second district, and taking from the second dis-
trict two counties, and adding them to mine, which
is the third, so as to equalize the representation.
Now, if I had resigned or died during that Twenty-
eighth Congress, and a special election had been
ordered, what would have been the question?
Whether the election should take place in the four
counties that had elected me, or in the four coun-
ties that after that time had been made the Third
Congressional district? I say, that it must have
taken place in the old district from which I was
elected, and that the new districting, no matter
what the language of the Legislature might be,
could not take effect, would be inoperative, because
in contravention of the constitutional right of rep-
resentation, till the succeeding Congress. But if
this new doctrine had prevailed, ana if that elec-
tion had had to take place according to the new
districting, what would have been the consequence?
Why the two districts which had already voted
for my neighbor (Mr. Weller) in the second dis-
trict, when the vacancy occurred in mine, having
been transferred, would have voted for a succes-
sor to me also, and would thus have had two Rep-
resentatives on this floor, whilst the two other
counties that had originally voted for me, iji my
district, being transferred to the second district,
if they were not permitted to vote, when the va-
cancy occurred in my district, would have been
unrepresented here, their member having died, re-
signed, or been removed by some casualty, and
thus one portion of the people of Ohio would have
been without a Representative on this floor, while
another portion would have had two Representa-
tives; and that, I say, is in violation of that clause
of the Constitution which arives representation to
the people of the States. That must be intended to
mean that none shall be doubly represented, that
none shall be without representation, but that all
Shall be equally represented. They have a right to
this under the Constitution, and under the laws of
the Union. Now, if you admit that to be the eor-
pettrule of construction, it at once resolves the
difficulty in this New Hampshire case. Let the
States alter as much as they choose, but when
they alter, the Constitution of the United States
controls that alteration, so that it shall only take
effect on future Congresses; and while we admit
the right of the States to change their districts for
the purpose of representation in the national le-
gislature, Congress has at the same time a right,
under the Constitution, to supervise, and to see
that all the people of the States are represented.
The principle is the same, whether you add or
take away from a district, and it must be evident
that we should be careful that while we secure the
full number of Representatives to the people of the
States, we do not allow to the Legislatures a power
which would give to portions of the people more
representation than they are entitled to, while
others may be entirely deprived of it.
Take care, sir, how you establish a precedent.
If you act upon this subject improperly, you may
establish a principle from which there is no know-
ing what wrong, what fraud, what capricious en-
actments, on the part of State Legislatures, may
arise to interfere with, equal representation.
Mr. S. concluded by moving (as he had prom-
ised to do) the previous question; which received
a second, and the main question was ordered.
The chairman of the Committee of Elections
being entitled, under the rule, to one hour in which
to close the debate,
Mr. STRONG said: Mr. Speaker, all which I
have to say will be said in a very few minutes. I
shall avoid repeating what I submitted in opening
this debate. I have heard nothing in all that has
been said which, in my opinion, successfully con-
troverts any position which I have heretofore taken;
and I am content to leave my argument as I made
it. Two or three doctrines, however, have been
advanced by those who advocate the right of the
contestant which require from me a brief consid-
eration. The gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Van Dyke,] while admitting the right of the
Legislature of New Hampshire to change Con-
gressional districts in reference to a future general
election, and to repeal the first districting act, de-
nies that such repeal can operate to annul the dis-
tricts as first formed for the purpose of an elec-
tion to fill a vacancy; because, he argues, that
would be taking away vested rights. He claims
that certain rights were vested in the electors of the
two counties, Hillsborough and Cheshire. I can
understand what is meant by vested rights, as ap-
plied to a representative after he is chosen; but I
confess that I do not comprehend what the
honorable gentleman means when he speaks of
the vested rights of the associated body of elect-
ors. The Representative has a vested right in
his office, but it is a right vested in him by
the Constitution, not by the districting act. But
what vested rights have the electors, beyond
that to exercise their franchise? Is it the right
to exclude from voting any persons except those
resident within defined limits, to wit: the ori-
ginal Congressional district? That is a denial of
rights to others, not an assertion of right in
them. To me it seems- a perversion of terms to
apply the words vested rights, in the sense in which
they are uniformly used, to such a ease. But sup-
pose there are vested rights in the case, what are
they ? The gentleman says they are the exclusive
privilege to elect a Representative in Congress as
often as an election may be necessary during an
entire Congress. That is begging the question.
I say they extend only to those elections held
during the continuance of the districting act. If
they extend to others, why not to all held during
an entire apportionment? Ye"t the gentleman ad-
' mits that the first districting act is gone as to the
elections for the next Congress. If so, then there
has been no interference with vested rights. The
truth is—and it has been universally admitted
during the progress of this debate—the division
into districts is a regulation of the manner of
effecting the choifce. It is a designation of the
agents by which the people of the State choose
their Representatives. Ifthis be so, how can it be
said that the agency cannot be revoked at any
time ? and when the power is withdrawn from the
agent how ean he act? His past acts may be
food, binding upon the principal, irrevocable; but
ow can anything valid be done by the agent
when his authority is withdrawn? None of those
who have argued in favor of the contestant have
. enlightened us upon this subjeet.
One word upon the subject that this agency had
ceased—that the first districting act was repealed
by the second, and that the intention of the Legis-
lature of New Hampshire was that all elections,
both general and special, held after the passage of
the second act, should be held by the districts as
constituted by the second act. I have already call-
ed the attention of the House to the words \rhich
expressly repealed the first act. Observe further:
The second act enacted that it should go into
effect from its passage. There is a general pro-
vision in the laws of New Hampshire that, every
enactment of the Legislature shall take effect on the
first day of September next succeeding the session
of the Legislature. Had the Legislature," therefore,
intended the second act only to apply to the gen-
eral election which is to be held on the second Tues-
day of March next, and not to the case of a va-
cancy, if one should occur, there was no necessity
for declaring thatjit should go into effect from its pas-
sage. Those words in the enactment are, there-
fore, unmeaning, unless the law embraces this spe-
cial election. Yet in a statute, as in a deed or will,
every word must be construed to have meaning.
Allow me, Mr. Speaker, a remark respecting
the argument of the same gentleman, [Mr. Yaw
Dyke,] derived from some peculiar magic sup-
posed to be in the word vacancy. His idea is, that
it is a loss of a Representative by those who sent
G-eneral Wilson here. He is not satisfied with
the constitutional definition of it, with the asser-
tion uniformly therein made and oft-repeated, that
a Representativere presents the people of a State.
Those who fill the vacancy, he argues, should be
the same persons who elected General Wilson.
Those who clothed General Wilson with his trust
must clothe his successor. Carry this doctrine
out, does it not deny a right to vote to those who
have moved into the district? Much more, sir,
does it not exclude all those residents of the dis-
trict who did not vote at the general election, and
even those who voted against Mr. Wilson ? Each
of these absurdities results from the position that
the person elected stands in the shoes of the
member who has died or resigned. I consume no
time in debating this matter. I allude to it only for
the purpose of reading to the House an extract from
a report submitted to the Senate in 1832, by Mr.
Webster, the present Secretary of State. I read it
because it accords with my views already advanced
of what representation is, and of the powers and
duties of Congress. It was handed to ..me yester-
day by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Morrison.] It will be seen, sir, that Mr. Web-
ster's readings of the Constitution are very unlike
those advanced by the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, and all those who advocate the right of the
contestant. I read from his report as chairman of
a select committee upon an apportionment bill.-
In speaking of the Constitution of the United
States ne said:
"That Constitution contemplates no integer or any com-
mon number for the constituents of a member of the House
of Representative*, It goes not at all into these subdivis-
ions of the population of a State. It provides for the ap.
j portionment of representatives among the several State*,,
according to their respective numbers, and stops there. It
] makes no provision for the representation of districts of
I States, or for the representation of any portion of the State
less than the whole. It says nothing of ratios or constitu-
ent numbers. All these^things it leaves to State legislation..
The right which each State possesses to its due portion of
; the representative power is a State right strictly; ft belongs
1 to the State as a State; and it is to be used and exercised
as the State may see fit, subject only to the constitutional
qualification of electors. In factj the States do make, and
always have made, different provisions for the exercise of
. this power. In some, a single member is chosen for a cer-
1 tain defined district; in others, two or three members are
chosen for the same district; and in some again, as New
Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Jersey, and
Georgia, the whole representation of the State is exerted as
| a joint undivided representation. In these last-mentioned
States every member of the House of Representatives has
for his constituents all the people of the State; and all the
people of those States are consequently represented in that
branch of Congress. * * * * Whether the subdivision of
the representative power within a State, if there be a sub-
division, be equal  r unequal, or fairly or unfairly made,
Congress cannot know, and has no authority to inquire. It
is enough that the State presents her own representation on
the floor of Congress in the mode she chooses to present it.
If a State were to give to one portion of her territory a
representative for every twenty-five thousand persons, and
to tiie rest a representative for every fifty thousand, it would
be an act of unjust legislation, doubtless, but it would be
wholly beyond redress by any power in Congress; because
the Constitution has left all this to the State itself."
Sir, I commend this extract to the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Van Dyke,] and the gen-
ii tleman from New York, [Mr. Duer.] Either
