1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
sippi has any better claim than one of the old thir-
teen Stales. That is the principle; but the legisla-
tion is inconsistent with it, and every appropriation
in this way is in violation of the rights, and equal-
ity, and justice which is due to the old States.
Hence it is that I have announced—as I will upon
any occasion when I find that I am wrong upon
any principle, as I have been upon the principle of
the distribution of the public lands—that I have
changed my opinion. I changed it, because rea-
son" and justice required that I should do it. I
trust that I may always have the magnanimity to
do it; and whenever a thing is right, I will never
postpone doing that thing for the purpose of avoid-
ing any crisis so small as might result from an act
so compatible with justice and propriety as that
of the distribution of the public lands.
I did not intend to say one word upon this sub-
ject. My only object was to call the attention of
the country to the matter—not Congress, for their
course has been taken—but to call the attention of
the country to it, and especially that of the old
States, in order that they may rally their Senators
and Representatives to claim what is justly due,
and no more.
Mr. POOTE. I regret very much, sir, that the
honorable Senator from Georgia should have sup-
posed that I was inclined to be mandatory. I cer-
tainly felt disposed to be very courteous, very
kind, and very liberal. I thought my manner in-
dicated that very clearly. But my young friend—
my juvenile senatorial associate in the Chamber,
[laughter,] representing the Empire State of the
South, in part, on this floor—is a little impulsive,
we all know; and on this occasion he has dis-
played a little more of the fiery impulsiveness of
his nature than is by any means customary even
with that gentleman. Why, sir, strangers listen-
ing to the Senator from Georgia on this occasion,
noticing the solemnity that marked his visage, the
earnestness of his intonation, and the violence of
his gesticulation, and indeed the whole manner of
that gentleman, might really have been almost in-
clined to suppose that the honorable Senator was
serious in what he said. He really exhibited, to
some extent, to my eye and to my ear, the ap-
pearance of being serious in the utterance of prop-
ositions which it would almost seem that no gen-
tleman of sound intellect coold seriously maintain
. for a moment. I protested before against the re-
vival of old party issues. I was partly serious
and partlv playful. But the matter has assumed
a somewhat more solemn aspect; and I repeat
what I said, and now say it with entire earnest-
ness. I am utterly opposed to the revival of this
or any other old party issue unseasonably. It is
true that there is something in the present con-
dition of things which should admonish us of
the danger of dissension upon old and, 1 trust,
settled questions, until the Republic itself shall be
ascertained to be in a condition of perfect safety.
The corrupt, profligate, unprincipled bargaining
now going on in various sections of the Confed-
eracy, leading men, corrupt enough to be trafficked
with and used for purposes of national mischief,
to break up the two great political parties of the
country, admonishes us all that it is exceedingly
important to revive no question in the least degree
calculated to separate from each other the true
patriots of the land. Now, what does the honor-
able Senator from Georgia say this morning f He
wishes to revive not only an old party issue, but
an issue which is emphatically sectional in its
character; and he has made us a regular sectional
speech. He has not made a speech for the South
against the North, nor for the North against the
South, but he has undertaken to draw geographi-
cal lines between what he calls the old States of
the Confederacy and the new States of the Confed-
eracy. This is a sectional issue, a geographical is-
sue, and dangerous upon that ground. The speech
of the honorable Senator was well calculated—
although I am sure it was not so intended—to
some extent, to bring into action feelings of sec-
tional jealousy between the new-States and the
old States of the Union. On that account I object
to it most strongly. It was just such a speech as,
in my opinion, we had no right to expect from the
honorable Senator from Georgia, representing that
noble State which lias so recently immortalized
herself by her devotion to our institutions. My
friend who sits upon my right—the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina—says that the Georgia
plat form is very seriously infringed by the conduct
this morning of her Senatorial representative. I
might well say, " Et tu. Brute?"—for the honor-
able Senator from Georgia who entertained us this
morning is the last member of this body from
whoi(L 1 should have expected such a speech.
And, without wishing to occupy the attention
of this body very long, I feel bound to say that the
honorable Senator surprised me in the course of
this morning for another reason. Is it true, in
point of fact, that the State of Georgia has a right
to complain of unjust treatment respecting the
public lands in the country ? Does not the history
of that State show conclusively that the State of
Georgia has been as liberally and as bounteously
dealt with by the General Government, with re-
fird to the public lands of the country, as any
tate of the Confederacy? Why, sir, the Indian
titles have been extinguished within her limits, in
immense portions of valuable lands which are now
settled, and the settlement of which has placed her
at the head of the southern States of this Confed-
eracy, where she has recently proved, as I con-
ceive, that she is fairly entitled to stand. The
State of Georgia has no right to complain; and I
think her Senator has, to some extent, treated us
unkindly in uttering the language of complaint
upon this subject. Georgia has sold her lands, and
she has been paid for them; and now the honora-
ble Senator complains because she cannot get a
portion of the proceeds of the public lands of the
Union paid into her treasury, and says that here-
after he intends to insist that this distribution shall
take place for the benefit of the State of Georgia,
and of the other States of the Confederacy. The
honorable Senator has shown a great sympathy
for the old States of the Confederacy; and 1 must
say, although the Senator resides in Georgia, that
his speech seemed to be a regular " Buncombe "
one. It is true, he every now and then thundered
out emphatically the name of the great State which
he represents, and claimed specially and almost
exclusively in her behalf, that justice should be '
done to that State, which has been so long with-
held from her. Not wishing to obstruct the pas- '
sage of this bill by a long aadress,and not feeling
bound to say anything upon the ^Beral merit^of
the bill, but protesting against the revival of flV
of the old party issues, and especially this sectional
issue—having shown that I am " venerable," as !
my friend charges me with being, I have at least a
portion of the calmness and discretion that belongs
to age, without displaying the petulance which is
sometimes the habit of elderly gentlemen towards
their youngers—having, in other words, given a
paternal lecture to my rash and somewhat indis-
creet friend from Georgia, [laughter,] I shall cease
to trouble the Senate upon this occasion.
Mr. HALE. I believe the honorable Senator
from Mississippi is the most classical Senator in
this body; and as he has quoted a Latin phrase
on this occasion, perhaps I may be permitted to :
quote what somebody has said about in medio
tutisdmus; and, as I am situated in medio tutissimus
between the venerable gentleman from Mississippi
and the impulsive Senator from Georgia, I would
endeavor to act a mediatorial part, and make a
suggestion or two which may temper the ardor
on the one hand, and stimulate the age on the other,
of my two friends who have precede me. [Laugh-
ter.]
I go for the bill, and for several reasons. And
first, one word to the Senator from Georgia. -It
was said of General Jackson, as one great proof
of his wisdom, that he heard the footsteps of
coming generations. Well, sir, if the Senator from
Georgia will look at the census, I think he will hear
the footsteps of coming generations from the West,
and that he must see that this is the last chance
we shall ever have of being permitted to give any-
thing to those States. I want to improve the last
chance; because I think that after the next census
is published there will be no more asking us to
five, for they will substitute the practice of taking.
want to have the grace of giving now while we
have a chance. I said to the friends of Texas at
the last session that I knew they would have what
they asked for, but I wanted them to take it grace-
fully, and allow us the poor credit of giving it to
them. I am in favor of it for another reason. I
concur in the doctrine of the Democracy with re-
gard to a general internal improvement system;
and if we give away these lands to the States by
piecemeal, we shall nave nothing to build up an in-
ternal improvement system upon. I am in favor
of giving them away to the States; and then there
will be no large general system. In this way we
can have the internal improvement, and avoid any
stain on our former platform. [Laughter.] Gen-
tlemen laugh as if it was a thing for sport; but I
consider it a great thing. We can bring about the
general object, and have our platform whole and
good for the next presidential fight, without the
necessity of any new issues.
The Senator from Georgia said one thing of
which I was glad to hear an intimation. He says
they have lunatics even in Georgia. I thought
lunatiesand fanatics all lived in the North. I am
glad even of this admission, and I hope the next
census will give us some light on that subject. I
did not know but that lunatics and fanatics were
all confined to the North; and I do not know now
that the Senator from Georgia would admit their
having fanatics at the South.
Mr. DAWSON. I would not speak person ally.""
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, there is a proposition
to make an appropriation of these pubuc lands for
the benefit of the lunatics of all the States; and I
do not know whether fanatics are named. I hope
that bill will pass, but I do not see any reason why
in its passage that bill should be attached to this.
There is another reason why this bill should be
passed. It is this: that it merely makes good to
Wisconsin what we have before undertaken to
give her. We have granted just as much land to
Wisconsin as she asks. But we find that we have
granted that which we do not own; for it turns
out that some of this land had been taken up be-
fore. This bill, therefore, will only make good
what we undertook to do before. I understand
that to be the character of the bill. We only un-
dertake by it to grant to Wisconsin just exactly
what we have granted to every western State, and
that is just what they ask for; and it turns out
that the land granted to Wisconsin was so situa-
ted that she has not enjoyed the full benefit of it.
It seems to me that, whatever may be said in op-
position to the system, when we come to look at
it in that point of view, there can be no objection
to do what we have agreed to do.
One word with regard to the old States. I think
it is too late to make a speech on that subject.
New Hampshire has never had anything from the
public lands, and never will. All she has done
has been to fight battles and pay taxes, and she
does not expect anything else, and it is too late in
the day to think of anything else. I remember
when she bore a more important position in the
Union than she now does. I think that in the old
Continental Congress New Hampshire had as
many representatives as New York, within one;
but things have vastly altered, and when the old
States think of opposing any legislation for giving
away these lands it is perfectly idle. Whatever
may be necessary to keep up our system, we ex-
pect to pay our proportion of it, and I will never
make amy effort to the contrary.
I know the lands will go West, and, what is
worse, you will take our children, too; our young
men ana young women. .You will take those who
till the soil; those who give character to the State
will go West, and carry our means with them.
When we grant to the West, we grant to our own
kindred, our own sons and brothers, who will leave
the sterile and hard soil of the East to people the
fertile valleys of the West; and so far as I am
concerned my blessing shall go with them. I
know it is idle to ask for a dollar of this money,
or an acre of this land for the old States; for if we
do not give it to the new States now, they will
take it. That is an inevitable destiny and a fixed
fact per se, and I am not disposed to oppose it or
cavil at the result.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I know the coun-
try where this contemplated improvement is to be
made. I have passed through it before there was
a single white settler on it, and I know the im-
portance of the work. It will open another great
communication between the Gulf of Mexico* and
the Northwestern Lakes, and it cannot fail to be-
come an immense avenue for the business and in-
tercourse of the country. And there is great
justice in what the Senator from Wisconsin says
respecting the heavy amount of the sales of the
public lands there; showing as it does the advan-
tageous effects of settlement and improvement
upon the property of the United States, by in-
suring to it a 3peedy market.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] has
