214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 10,
now, as on former occasions, and always ably,
when similar questions have been before us, pre-
sented us an issue not really involved in the pro-
ceeding. He "treats it as a question of internal
improvement, presenting the same objections
which are urged against the power of the General
Government to establish a great system of that
kind; objections applying as well to the constitu-
tional right of Congress to make the expenditure,
as to interfere with the proper jurisdiction of the
States. That analogy does not exist; and it is
proper, whenever this view is presented, that we
should be brought back to the true principles of
our action. Nor is it any question of showing
favor to the new States at the expense of the old
ones. There is no favor in the case. We are
acting as a great land owner, who seeks to dispose
of his property to the best advantage, and who
is willing, therefore, to contribute to such im-
provements as must necessarily enhance its value
and expedite its sale.
The Constitution gives to Congress power to
" dispose of " the public lands. Here is the grant
of authority, and a very general one it is. The
expression is not to sell, but "to dispose of;"
avowedly looking to the necessity of making grants,
not for cash only, but for all the other purpo-
ses connected with the rights and duties of a land-
owner. The national domain was immense; and,
even before the adoption of the Constitution, grants
involving this principle had been made, and during
the administration of General Washington land
was given for the purpose of making a road through
what is now the State of Ohio, from Wheeling,
in Virginia, to Limestone and Maysville, in Ken-
tucky. And I must be permitted to protest against
any attempt to consider these grants as touching
any of the old party questions, as they have been
called. They touch no questions, new or old,
which have been made the test of party. They
belong to us as land-owners, and not as general
legislators; and this grant, and all others recently
made, have been made to the Legislature of the
State, to be applied under their authority, and
thus there is no conflict of jurisdiction. Now,
sir, there are two principles, very familiar to all
acquainted with the settlement of a new country,
and which fully justify, nay, require, the action
of Congress in these cases. The first is,that it is
the fair duty of such a land-owner to bear some
share in the improvements which give additional
value to the property; and the second is equally
obvious, real improvements, like the one contem-
plated, raise the value of all the land within many
miles of them, and thus "contribute, by a far great-
er amount than the worth of the grants themselves:
to the value of'the property that remains. We
fet a percentage, in fact, with which a Jew might
e satisfied.
Now, sir, as owners of a vast domain, is it not
equitable, is it not just, that we should do some-
thing towards the progress and improvement of
the country, where we once owned the whole and
now own a large part? Towns and cities are
built, roads and bridges we made, heavy taxes are
paid by the hard-working settler, and the forest
falls before his industry, and all the time the pub-
lic property is receiving its full share of this vast
advantage, of this rapid progress. The sales are
not only facilitated, but extensive regions are sold,
which, without this progress, would not be worth
a cent. You formerly put the selling value of your
lands at two dollars; it is now a dollar and a quarter
an acre. But what sane man supposes that any
large tract in the western country is, in an uncul-
tivated state, worth anything like even the small-
est of these sums ? No; it becomes so by the pro-
cess of improvement, the process of settlement,
the toil, and money, and industry of the emigrant.
And what kind of a land-ownerwouldhebe thought
in this country, or in any country indeed, who
would stand still and do nothing—leave all to the
exertions and expenditures of others while gar-
neriitg up the profits for himself? Why the mind
revolts instinctively against such injustice, and our
duty is as plain as is our true interest.
Now, sir, with respect to the policy of aiding,
by grants of land, in the construction of roads and
canals, it is as plain as experience can make any-
thing. By these great improvements, the current
of emigration is directed to particular districts,
and sales are effected with great rapidity, and a
vast many tracts, otherwise valueless, are sold and
pass into the mass of private property. And here
is another error into which the Senator from Geor-
gia has been led. It is not, as he seems to sup-
pose, only the land immediately contiguous to one
of these works which is benefited by its construc-
tion. Certainly the nearer the land is the better;
but the general effect of the improvement is felt in
all the surrounding regions. Lateral communica-
tions are opened to the main avenue, and a cheaper
route for aJl products and for all general purposes
of intercourse is the consequence. This is every-
where seen, and is the basis of many of the great
works now going on in our country. All the
lands within many miles of this proposed line of
intercourse in Wisconsin will at once feel the ef-
fects of the work, and as a land-owner we shall
feel it in the increased value and facility of sale
given to the property of the United States. I re-
peat, justice and policy equally require that we
should contribute towards this great work in the
manner provided in the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the gen-
tleman from Michigan says that these appropria-
tions are to be made upon the grdund of ennancing
the value of the domain retained by the United
States. Now, I beg leave to state to the Senate
and to the country that that idea, which has been
advanced for the last twenty or thirty years, has,
in my humble conception, in its application to
subjects like this, no foundation to rest upon.
None whatever. The practice of the Government
is this: when you extinguish the Indian title to a
tract of land in any of tne new States or Territo-
ries, you have it surveyed and then offer it for
sale at public auction. This is invariably done
before any internal improvements are made. If
there be a solitary exception where an improve-
ment has been made which could affect the value
of the land before the sale takes place, from the
beginning of the Government down to the present
day, it does not now occur to me.
Mr. CASS. Shall I mention one?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. The very one I referred to was
made before an acre of the public lands on the
western part i^t were sold—the road from Wheel-
iiutto Limest™e.
^rar. UNDERWOOD. I will come to that. The
gentleman from Michigan does not make the dis-
tinction. This is a bill granting land to a State."
I admit that when improvements have been made
by the-United States, there may be examples found
where the Government has acted through its own
instrumentality. That will fall within tne descrip-
tion of the gentleman, but that is not thebill. This
bill is to grant to the State, and if there be an ex-
ample from the foundation of the Government
down to the present day where the State has made
an improvement before the land has been offered
for sale at public auction according to the proclama- :
tion of the President, I do not know of it. After \
that has been done, your laws fix a minimum price
of $1 25 per acre. And how is it possible that
your public improvements can enlarge that mini-
mum price ? It never has been done. It is impos-
sible in the nature of things that it can be done, '
and the idea advanced that these grants to the
States are made upon the principle of enhancing
the value of the residue of the public domain, has
not a particle of foundation to stand upon—not
one particle. Now, I want to come to the class of
cases to which the gentleman from Michigan refers.
I know, when my esteemed, and perhaps I might
say venerable colleague was here, warring in be-
half of the interests of the West, to make a road
across the mountains by which we could reach the
seat of Government with some comfort, that he
did maintain, and I am happy to say satisfactorily
demonstrated, that this Government had the right
to appropriate funds to make a road that would
reach the public domain. The arguments then
advanced were, that by making roads to reach the
public domain, enabling your emigrants to reach
the territory about to be settled with more facility,
that in that way you did give increased value to
the public domain. The appropriations to the
Cumberland road carried out tnat rule. And how
have things changed since that time ? Suppose you
would propose now to the new States to make a
road through the old States that should reach the
new States, and thereby help immigration, and
you proposed to take from them money or land
for that road, would it be adopted ? Would they
yield to the arguments which prevailed at the time
the Cumberland road was made? No, sir; circum-
stances have altered since that road was constructed
The new States have become more powerful, and
they have not been willing, as was manifested in
the case of the Maysville road some years ago,
and I doubt whether they will ever be willing, to
make another road in an old State, leading to the
public lands in the new States. Now, when these
facts are so perfectly manifest, and when they are
so notorious to all those who have paid any atten-
tion to the past history of the country, I confess,
for one, I am tired of hearing this idea advanced,
that we give land to new States to enhance the
value of that which the Government retains.
Like the gentleman from New Hampshire, I
am inclined to believe that it is useless to make
any effort to secure justice in behalf of the old
States for any part of the public domain. I have
endeavored for many years to have the proceeds of
the public lands distributed among the Sates ac-
cording to their population. We have had such a
law in force before, and it was a just and wise
J law, but I doubt very much whether we shall ever
have such a law in force again. I believe that
J such a proposition was made by the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] at the last session, but it
was voted down. That recent effort indicates,
what I am sorry to believe will turn out to be the
fact, that a proposition of that sort will never suc-
ceed again.
Sir, we see how the public lands are going. It
| is useless to speak of a thing that everybody
i knows. The best that we can do is to make a
! good selection in these appropriations, which the
new States will have, and grant them where we
conceive they will be most serviceable to the whole
Confederacy. If I have an opportunity I shall
perhaps submit a proposition to make an appro-
Eriation to construct a road from Louisville to
t. Louis. It will be through the territory of the
new States; but a road of that sort would be more
j beneficial to my State than perhaps any other
| which could be constructed. A bill to authorize
l tlje construction of that road was introduced at
the last session, but it was not acted upon. It
i had to give place to other bills for roads a little
! further North, which received more favor from the
Senate and House of Representatives. Sir, per-
haps the poor privilege may be left us, in the gen-
[ eral scramble which has been spoken of, of making
these selections among those improvements which
will, by indirection, result most beneficially to
the old States. If that can be secured, it is as
much as I expect.
Mr. DAWSON. I merely wish to make one
observation, to say that my friend from Missis-
sissippi [Mr. Foote] is somewhat mistaken in a
point of history. He says that I complain of in-
justice having been done to the State of Georgia,
in relation to the public lands. Now, I uniformly
spoke of the Old Thirteen. But he said that Geor-
gia had no right to complajn, because she had been
amply dealt with in relation to the public lands;
that the Indian title had been extinguished within
her limits. Why, does not the honorable Senator
know that he is now a citizen of a daughter of
Georgia ? Mississippi and Alabama were once the
property of the State of Georgia. In the year
1802 we ceded these two fertile and promising
States to the General Government for a little more
than a million of dollars. The sales of the public
lands within those two States have amounted to be-
tween eighty and one hundred millions of dollars,
and all the proceeds have gone into the Treasury
of the United States. Georgia has not received a
dollar from the proceeds which Massachusetts and
New Hampshire have not proportionately received,
in the years 1836, 1837, ana 1838. Hence it is
that the Senator is mistaken in supposing that
Georgia has been very liberally dealt with by the
General Government. We are not complaining
of the acts of the Government under the com-
pact of 1802. We only complain of this, that the
public domain of the country is not administered
justly and equally towards all the United States.
Mr. DAVIS,' of Mississippi. Mr. President,
the Senator from Georgia, in some remarks which
he made this morning, referred to an opinion of
mine which was expressed at the last session of
Congress. It is not my good fortune ever to find
my opinions quoted on account of their value, but
only by some one who intends to show what is re-
quired by consistency, or fix me to some partic-
ular issue. I do not suppose that my friend from
Georgia quotes it to prove my inconsistency, fori
