1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
hare always been consistent on this matter, and
he had no sufficient reason to suppose that my
vote on this occasion would be different from those
which I have heretofore given upon such subjects.
On a former occasion I made the argument, as
he stated, that the whole right of this Grovemment
to grant lands for the purpose of constructing ca-
nals or roads within the States, was the benefit
which would result to the Government in the in-
creased value of the contiguous land. I hold the
Government to be a trustee. The land belongs ] i
to all the States. It is common property, and tne ;
extreme to which the Government can go, is the '
extent to which a proprietor might go in relation
to his own domain. The trustee should not cer- \
tainly do more than it is iair to suppose would, un- :
der like circumstances, be done by the"proprietor. I
The proprietor might grant land, or portions of 1
land, on an unsettled domain, for the purpose of
constructing roads, as the means of inducing pur- i
chasers to buy the land which he wishes to sell, j
I think the Government may grant land for like j
purpose under like circumstances, and I have vo- i
ted for some such grants. I did think that they t
ought to be confined, as they formerly were, to the ,
lands within five ofcsix miles on each side of the <
road. Withinthisbeltjbeingthelandswhichwould j
be directly and immediately enhanced in value, the 1
selection should be made. But last year we went |
beyond that; we enlarged it to fifteen miles. Now !
this proposes to go still further, and beyond the lim-
it to which I think the principle can properly apply.
But it is said that the land within which we nad j
agreed this grant should be selected has been sold, j
very good; then the argument falls. I recur to j
the case of a proprietor, who, we will suppose, !
for considerations such as I have suggested, had |
granted lands to some one, to be used for the spe- <
cific object, and to be located in a certain part of <
his domain, belierf^git entirely unsettled; if the
person should go back and say " you have sold j
this land," what would the proprietor reply? :
He would say, if the land was already sold there I
was no inducement for him to make the mint; j
that all he had expected from the grantee had been
effected; people had already settled upon the land.
So in this case. The very fact of the land having
been purchased, destroys the argument upon
which such grants have been made; that it was
part of the power to dispose of the public domain,
and a faithful exercise of the trust. For that
reason, believing that this does not rest on the
only principle which has governed in times past,
and which will control hereafter, my support of
grants of land for such purposes, and because be-
yond the narrow limit both of space and time,
fixed by the rule alluded to, I do not perceive any
difference between a grant of land and an appro-
priation of money, for works within the States,
I shall, as an opposer of internal improvements by
the Federal Government, vote against the bill.
The bill was then reported to the'Senate without
amendment, and the question was upon ordering
it to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAWSON. In order to test the sense of
the Senate upon the proposition, I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Benton,
Cass, Chase, Clay, Clemens, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Foote, Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Jones, King, Mangnm, Morton, Rusk,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, Wbitcomb, and YVinthrop—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Butler, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Dayton, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Phelps, and
gprnance—10.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
PUNISHMENTS IN THE NAVY.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, covering a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, on the subject of the
discipline of the Navy, and suggesting such amend-
ments of the law as may be necessary in conse-
quence of the recent act abolishing flogging, and
inviting to it the immediate attention of Congress;
which was read and referred to the Committee on
on Naval Affairs and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT announced the special or-
der to be the bill to cede the public lands to the
States respectively in which they lie.
Mr. GWIN." i rise to put an inquiry to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, in regard
to a subject which was referred to that committee.
I mean the bill in relation to the duties collected
in California before the State was admitted into the
Union. It is a subject of great importance to the
people of that State, and I wish to know whether
we may expect a report upon it in a short time ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator has no right
to make such an inquiry.
Mr. GWIN. I merely asked the privilege of
making that inquiry.
The PRESIDENT. It is not usual for such
inquiries to be made.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move to postpone all the
previous orders, general and special, for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill to regulate the fees and 1
costs of marshals, &c.,in the courts of the United
States. It will occupy but a small portion of the
time of the Senate. I have endeavored more than
once to bring it to the notice of the Senate. It is j
of some importance, in the view of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, that the bill should
be acted on at an early day, so as to guide that
committee in recommending appropriations for the
judiciary. ,
Mr. WALKER. I do hope the Senator from
Georgia will withdraw that motion. The bill which
was announced was made the special order for
last Tuesday three weeks, when tne Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Felch] was to afford us the pleas-
use of. a speech upon the subject. I am very
anxious to hear him, for one  He can get partly
through this evening, and I hope that the orders
will not be postponed, particularly as I specially
gave notice of this matter yesterday.
Mr. BERRIEN. I was about to ask the con-
sideration of this bill the other day, when, at the
instance of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] I- gave way for the consideration of what he
believed to be a mere resolution of form, but
which eventuated in a discussion which occupied
the whole day. I believe at this late hour we
cannot possibly get through the special order to-
day, but I think we have enough time to dispose
of the bill which I wish taken up.
Mr. FELCH. It is a late hou«£md if we take
up the special order on Monday, Ishould be wil-
ing to make what remarks I have to make then.
1 would be as willing to take it up then as at the
present time. It is late in the day, and if it will
come up on Monday I would just as soon speak
on that day. If, however, the taking up of the
bill mentioned by the Senator from Georgia would
postpone this bill to an indefinite period, I would
rather go on to-day.
I Mr. CHASE. I should be very glad if the bill
I which the Senator from Georgia desires to have
taken up at this time could be postponed, for this
reason: Gendemen from my section of the coun-
try, who have quite a deep interest in the provis- !
ions of the bill, are desirous of .making somesug- l
gestions to me upon which I wish to offer some
amendments to the bill. They have spoken to me j
this morning on the subject. I have not yet had
: an opportunity of understanding these suggestions "
! thoroughly. I trust, therefore, that the Senator
'■ from Georgia will be kind enough to waive the mo-
! tion to take up the bill at this time, and let it be
1 taken up on Monday or some subsequent day.
| Mr. BERRIEN. I have nothing to do in regard
i to this matter but to discharge my duty as a mem-
i ber of the Judiciary Committee, by whom this bill
1 has been reported. I cannot resist the appeal made
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, because it is
based on certain amendments which he intends to
offer. I have done my duty in bringing the bill to
the notice of the Senate, and 1 therefore withdraw
■my motion.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to postpone the
special orders for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill granting the right of way
and making a donation of the public lands to the
State of Missouri, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Hannibal to St. Joseph, in that
State.
Mr. HALE. I hope that motion will not be
agreed to. The Senator from Missouri need not
be afraid that this bill will not pass. But I re-
member that at the beginning of the session a
suggestion was made by a Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] now in my eye, against this
constant postponement of the orders of the day.
I believe that at the last session of ten months we
did not once take up the calendar regularly. I hope
we shall have an exception to that this session,
by taking up the calendar once, so that it shall be
said this Congress, during its existence, worked
regularly one day. I shall vote against all post-
ponements of general orders, and hope the calen-
dar will be taken up regularly.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make one more
effort to get up the joint resolution from the House
in relation to the assignability of land warrants;
and I do it upon the ground that it is important to
act upon that subject one way or the other, and
that it would be better to have the matter settled.
I therefore move to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of taking up that joint resolution.
Mr. WALKER. If the determination is to
' stave off the special order, upon which the Senator
from Michigan has the floor, by these motions,
we may as well know at once whether we are to
have the subject acted upon. It seems to me that
it would be better to hear the Senator from Michi-
gan to-day, and what little may be said by me at
some other time. I will say to the Senator from
, Kentucky that the discussion of the special order
involves the subject which he wishes to be acted
I upon.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would state that it is very
necessary there should be some action upon this
resolution. The Department is in suspense, and
the country is in suspense. Nothing can be done
in relation to bounty lands until this resolution is
acted upon. But if the Senator from Michigan
wishes to speak to-day, I am willing to hear him.
But if he does not, I think we had better take up
this resolution and dispose of it.
Mr. FELCH. So far as I am concerned, I will
not insist on the order of the day, though I wish
to speak on the subject. I see that the hour is
rather late, and, besides, we have been entertained
the whole morning by a matter relating to the pub-
lic lands. I wish to adduce before the Senate some
statistics in relation to the matter; and if the sub-
ject can be considered on Monday, I would prefer
speaking on that day. Hence I am perfectly will-
ing to proceed to the consideration of any other
business.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I hope the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky will prevail.
Mr. W ALKER. I do not wish to incommode
the Senator from Michigan, but I should like to
hear him to-day. I am willing, however, to hear
him on Monday, if there can be an understanding
that the subject will not then be postponed.
Several Senators. Say Tuesday.
Mr. WALKER. If there can be an under-
standing that the Senator from Michigan will pro-
ceed on Monday, I shall not insist on the consid-
eration of the subject to-day.
Mr, FOOTE. It is obviously the wish of the
Senator from Michigan himself to be heard under
more favorable circumstances than those now ex-
isting. He has told us very frankly that he in-
tends to make a somewhat extended speech, and
will exhibit some statistical matter. It is certainly
due to the Senator from Michigan that we should
allow him the most favorable opportunity of being
heard. I therefore will not vote to force him to
speak at the present time.
Mr. ATCHISON. There seems to be no dis-
position either to proceed to the consideration of
the special orders or to postpone them. I there-
fore move that the Senate adjourn.
| The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
{journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 11, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The
Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House of the 3d instant, a report from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, relative to
the troubles with the Winnebago Indians in the
months of June and July last; which,
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI. '
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, granting the right of way and making a do-
nation of public lands to the State of Missouri,
