218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
abolished. It is for the benefit of my constituents
I desire to retain it. I wish them to receive all
public documents which are distributed to me, to
be sent to them free of postage. In consideration
of this amount of free matter, upon which, if the
usual rates of postage were charged, the revenue 1
would be nearly $800,000, as estimated by Mr. :
Collamer, when Postmaster General, I must in- .
sist that the salaries of the officers and clerks in
this city employed in the Post Office Department
shall not be charged upon the revenues of that '
Department.
But, Mr. Chairman, it appears that all who
have spoken upon this question are in favor of a
reduction of the rates of postage. Someadvocate •
a reduction of the postage upon letters to two
cants, as a uniform rate, prepaid; others are for a
uniform rate of five cents, while the Committee, '
and I as a member of it, are in favor of three
cents, as the rate of postage on letters when pre- '
paid, and five cents when not prepaid. There
are also many propositions in relation to the rates
on newspapers. Some are in favor of reduction; 1
others in favor of permitting newspapers to circu-
late within the county where they are published,
free of postage; others within forty miles; others
within the Congressional district; and others, again,
within the State where they are published. Iamnot
prepared at this time to relinquish the small rev- ■
enue which we derive from the postage on newspa- '
pers, fori do not believe the Post Office Department |
can do without it. I am opposed to all these prop-
ositions, by which it is proposed that the newspa-
r;rs shall be carried in the mails free of postage. .
believe it is right that every person who receives '
or sends a newspaper by mail, shall pay a certain
tax to the Government, as a portion of the ex- |
pense of supporting the Post Office Department. !
Nearly all the newspapers, or the greater portion ;
of them at least, which circulate within the United i
States, do not circulate a distance exceeding forty 1
miles from the place of publication. Let gentle- ;
men reflect on the circulation of newspapers pub-
lished within their own districts, and they will
concur with me in this opinion, that four fifths,
or nearly that amount, of the circulation of the
country press, is embraced within a circle with a ;
radius of forty miles.
Let us suppose that by permitting newspapers
to be carried in the mails free of postage a dis- ;
tance not exceeding forty miles from the place of
publication, you will lose only one-half the revenue
from this source, and I presume no one will doubt
this would be the result. This would cause a loss
of $459,000 per annum, which must be made
up by the postage on letters. But this is not the
only effect. The commissions of postmasters on
newspaper postage is at the rate of fifty per cent.,
whilst the commissions on letter postage varies
from twelve and a half to forty per cent. You
seriously affect the compensation paid postmas-
ters—you greatly increase their labor, and pay
them nothing for it in nine cases out of ten. I
ask those who favor this proposition, if they have
devised any plan to avoid these difficulties ?
Let us take another view of the question. The
revenue from the postage on the inland letters and
on newspapers, pamphlets, &c., for the last fiscal
year, was as follows:
Letter postage $4,058,000
Newspaper postage  919,000
$4,977,000
The newspapers, periodicals, and magazines, pay
only eighteen and a half per cent, of this amount
 letters pay eighty one and a half per cent, of the
mail matter here spoken of. I estimate the letters
in weight are only about nineteen percent., whilst
the newspapers are about eighty-one per cent.
But I have not time to comment on these facts.
I leave them for the consideration of the com-
mittee. But I hope I may have occasion to recur
to this matter again.
In order to arrive at a correct estimate, and be
able to determine what will be the effect of the
proposed modification of the law, it becomes neces-
sary, in the first place, to ascertain, if possible, the
number of letters carried in the mails of the United
States within one year, and to deduct from the
revenue on letters tne amount of postages received
from the California and from the foreign mails.
The expenses of a portion of these ocean mails,
and the lines to California, are not a charge upon
the Post Office Department. My object is to
ascertain the number of inland letters and the
postage received from them. I am aware that
gentlemen, in speaking of the expenses of the
Post Office Department, ask that the amount of
money paid for foreign mail service shall be
included in those expenses. On a former occa-
sion, during the last session of Congress, when
speaking of this foreign mail service, I had
occasion to show that the greater portion of it
was established in opposition to the wishes of
the Post Office Department and in opposition to
the wishes of the committees who have charge of
this branch of the public service in both Houses of
the National Legislature; that it was brought for-
ward as an addition to the Navy Department;
that the bill under which this service was estab-
lished was reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and that they were looking to the steamers
which were to be constructed under the contracts
made in pursuance of that law, as a contingent
addition to the Navy. So far as the charges for
this service have been made on the Post Office De-
partment by law, I have no disposition to disturb
them, and there are but two lines that are charge-
able to the Post Office Department under the ex-
isting law. There is another consideration. The
act by which some of these lines were established
provides, also, that the amount of postage which
may be received upon the mail matter carried by
these steamers, shall be Married to the credit of the
appropriation made for the support of these lines,
; and not carried into the revenue of the Post Office
Department. That is the provision of the act of
1847, if I mistake not the date, that the amount of
postage which may be derived from the mail mat-
ter carried in these ocean mail steamers shall be
i put to the credit of the appropriation by which'
! the expenses of these steamers were defrayed.
! Now, sir, let us see what is the amount of rev-
enue that is paid upon letters and mail matter car-
ried in the inland mail, and I will compare the
revenues of the last two fiscal years. In 1849, the
aggregate revenue on letters from which postage
was derived, amounted to $3,882,762. In 1850,
this sum increased to $4,575,665. Upon these
amounts, however, there are certain reductions to
be made. There is the postage collected in this
country on the lines between this country and
Great Britain, the balance of which had to be paid
to the Post Office Department of Great Britain, in
virtue of our postal arrangements with that coun-
try. That sum amounted in 1849 to $35,661, and
in 1850 to $147,013. Then take the postage upon
letters received through the Havana Une, and mail
matter carried in the Bremen and Liverpool lines also
as far as we have data, let us take the amount of
postage received from the California lines, and we
have the following reductions to be mdde for those
two years: In 1849, $148,658; 1850, $517,142;
leaving, as I estimate it, as the amount actually
derived from postage on inland letters for the last
: fiscal year, a sum of $4,058,523, and for the year
preceding, (1849,) $3,734,104. That would bean
increase from the revenue of the year 1849, on the
! postage of inland letters, at the rate of 8 6-10 per
cent.
I have endeavored, from the meagre statistical
information on this subject, to estimate the num-
ber of letters paying postage passing through the
mails of the United States; and I think it will be
found to be, for the last year, (discarding the frac-
tions,) sixty-four millions eighty-one thousand.
The number of dead letters returned to the dead
letter office for the same time, I estimate at two
millions four hundred thousand, and the number
of free letters at about eight million five hundred
thousand, which will give us, as the total number
j of letters carried in the inland mails last year,
about or nearly seventy-five millions.
The number of newspapers, pamphlets, maga-
zines, &c., I estimate in the same time, a little
I more than seventy-one millions.
; Having now estimated the number of letters,
! (and in this matter I am aware that different esti-
mates might be presented,) it is necessary to ascer-
tain the number at the different rates of postage of
five and ten cents; because my object is to show
the amount of revenue derived from letters paying
five cents, and those paying ten cents postage. For
I intend to show that a uniform rate of five cents
which is proposed, would actually diminish the
revenues greatly, and would not hold out any in-
ducement sufficiently strong to insure an increase
in the number of letters carried in the inland mail.
Postmaster General Cave Johnson has estimated
the number of letters carried in the mails at a post-
age of ten cents, at about one third the whole num-
ber of postage-paying letters. I estimate them at
aboutone fourth. Takingthepostageat $4,058,000
for inland postage, you will find that there are near-
ly seventeen millions of letters carried in the mail,
at a postage of ten cents, while there are forty-
seven millions carried in the mails paying a post-
age of only five cents.
Again: if you will look at the report made by
the Postmaster General, from statistics obtained
in 1836, stating the number of letters carried in the
mail, and the different rates of postage charged
upon them, you find that at that time only about
fourteen per cent, of the letters were carried a dis-
tance exceeding three hundred miles.
A report made by Postmaster General Wickliffe,
based upon returns made by the deputy post-
masters, in the month of October, 1843, shows
that at that time eighteen and a half per cent, of
the letters were then carried a distance of more
than four hundred miles; and about twenty-two
per cent, a distance of more than one hundred and
fifty, and less than four hundred miles. From this
data I estimate that at that time about twenty-
seven per cent, of the letters were carried more than
three hundred miles. I estimate that twenty-six
and a half per cent, of the inland letters, excluding
drop letters, are carried upwards of three hundred
miles, amounting to sixteen millions nine hundred
and eighty-one thousand letters, yielding a revenue
of $1,698,000, at ten cents each. The residue,
amounting to forty-sevfin millions and ninety-nine
thousand letters, at five cents each, yield a revenue
of $2,354,000. If a reduction of both rates of letter
postage takes place, we may expect a great increase
in the number of letters sent by mail. Prior to
the reduction of the rates of postage, many letters
were sent by private expresses. And two years
and a half after the present reduced rate of postage
was in operation, Mr. Johnson, the Postmaster
General, stated that "private expresses still con-
tinue to be run between the principal cities, and
seriously affect the revenues of the Department."
I have no means of ascertaining whether the prac-
tice is still continued. But if two years and a
half after the present rates of postage went into
operation, the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment were seriously affected by the private ex-
presses running between «the principal cities, I
presume the revenue is still affected in the same
manner..
Now, then, as to the different propositions
which have been submitted to the committee in
relation to letter postage. The first proposition
is that of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ashmcn.] He proposes an uniform rate of two
cents when prepaid. The amount of postage now
derived from inland letters is $4,058,000. To
raise the same amount of revenue under the rate
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
will require about two hundred and three millions
of letters; and is it to be expected that the num-
ber of letters to be carried in the mails will in-
crease at that rate? A statement of the number
| of letters now carried in the mails, together with
a statement of the amount of postage which is
paid by those letters, shows at once that if a two-
cent rate is levied as the uniform rate, the Post
Office Department will be pensioned upon the
Treasury. It would require an increase at the
: rate of two hundred and seventeen per cent, on
the number of letters now carried in the mails to
, raise the same amount of revenue which is now
raised on sixty-four millions of letters. It took
five years in Great Britain after the reduction of
, postage from their uniform rate of fourteen cents
per letter to one penny to increase two hundred
and nineteen per cent, upon the amount of post-
age-paying letters carried in the mails of that coun-
, try in the year 1839—the last year of the high
rates of postage.
I I will now consider the rate which my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] advocates, the uniform
five-cent rate. Sixteen million nine hundred and
eighty-one thousand letters at ten cents would
yield a revenue of $1,698,000, and the absolute
loss, provided there was no increase in the num-
; ber of letters carried over three hundred miles in
| mails, would be $849,000. The absolute loss, I
[ say, to the revenue would be $849,000, unless
there was an increase of those letters carried over
