1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
three hundred miles. The present rates have been
averaged by the late Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, Major Hobbie, in a report -which he made to
Congress, at six and one third cents single rate.
A reduction to an uniform rate of five cents is a
reduction at the rate of twenty-one per cent. The
reduction of the rate of postage in 1845 was fifty-
six and one third per cent. The increase in the
number of letters the first year was eighty per
cent. The decline in the revenue the first year
was twenty-one and one fifth per cent. If a de-
crease of revenue in the same rates to this proposed
reduction of rates should occur, as did occurin the
revenue of the Department for the year ending 30th
June, 1846, that decrease would be at the rate of
seven and nine tenths per cent., and would cause a
deficit of $320,582. To prevent a decline in the
revenue on the letters now paying ten cents post-
age, there must be an increase of them of one hun-
dred per cent. If there was an increase of those
letters carried in the mails more than three hundred
miles of eighty per cent, only, the deficit in revenue
would be $170,000. But who expects an increase
of one hundred or of eighty per cent, on the let-
ters carried three hundred miles and upwards if
the postage should be reduced from ten cents to
five cents ? Taking sixteen million nine hundred
and eighty-one thousand as the number of letters
now paying postage at ten cents, can any one ex-
pect an increase on that number the first year un-
der the reduction of more than from twenty to
forty per cent.? The greater part of the corre-
spondence of the country is carried in the mails a
distance less than three hundred miles.
Per ctnt. over whole No.
In 1836 the letters carried less
than 30 miles, were   SI.6
Over 30 and less than 80 miles 32.6
Over 80 and less than 150 miles 21.7
Over 150 and less than 400 miles 16.2 !
Over 400  7.6 |
99.7 j
I hare estimated the number of letters carried !
in the mail in 1843, over three hundred miles, at
twenty-six and a half per cent., and seventy-three
and a half per cent, carried less than three hun-
dred miles. If the number of letters carried over
three hundred miles should increase at the rate of
twenty per cent., a deficit in the letter postage of
#680,00 5 would be produced; an increase of thirty
per cent, would leave a deficit of $595,000; an in-
crease of forty per cent, a deficit of $510,000. I
present these estimates for the benefit of those who
advocate the uniform rate of five cents postage,
and who declare the rates of letter postage recom-
mended by the Post Office Committee will pension
the Department on the Treasury. These gentle-
men, too, generally favor the proposition to per-
mit newspapers to circulate freeof postage a certain
distance from the place where published; and if
the proposition prevail, 1 have shown it will pro-
duce a deficit of nearly half a million in the postage
derived from^newspapers. None of the advocates
of these propositions have presented their estimate
for our examination—indeed, I doubt much wheth-
er any of them have made any. My views in re-
lation to newspaper postage have changed since I
commenced the examination of this question.
Newspapers do not now pay their share of the
expenses of mail service; but I will favor their
transmission in the mail at the expense of letters.
I have proposed a reduction of the rates of postage
on them—rates which, I believe, will be found
more convenient than the present ones. But I
have not time to dwell on that portion of the
amendment I intend to propose.
I come now to the consideration of the rates
of postage which I advocate. There is a cer-
tain point which is a revenue point in rates of
postage as well as in customs. What that point
is, it is a difficult matter to determine; but, aided,
as we are, by estimates and by experience of the
reduction in postage in this country in 1845, and
by experience of the reduction which took place
in Great Britain in 1840, we may, perhaps, come
to some conclusion, thoOtgh it may be only con-
jectural, as to the revenue point in this country. I
believe that with a rate of postage of three cents
prepaid, and five cents unpaid, after the first year
the Post Office Department will sustain itself.
I propose to test the rates proposed by the com-
mittee in the same manner I' tested the five cent
rate. But the first difficulty in the way is, to as-
certain the average rate proposed by the commit-
tee. I am of opinion that during the first year not
more than one half of the letters will be prepaid.
If so, then the average rate would be four cents.
But suppose two thirds of the letters should be pre-
paid, the average rate of postage would then be
three and two thirds cents. Three and two thirds
cents is a reduction on the present rates of postage
of 57.9 per cent.; four cents is a reduction of36.8
per cent.
With three and two thirds cents as the average
rate of postage, if the revenue should decline in
the same ratio it did in 1846, it would be a decline
at the (ate of 21.8 per cent., producing a deficiency
of $884,644; but averaging the rates at four cents,
if the decline of revenue should be in the same ra-
tio as the former decline, it would be at the rate of
13.8 per cent., producing a deficiency of $421,220.
But should the number of letters increase at the
same rate they did in 1846, the number would be
115,345,000; and estimating the rate of postage at
three-and two thirds cents, the revenuederived from
them would be $4,229,000—an increase over the
Sresent amount of postage on inland letters, as I
ave estimated them, of $171,000 But if we take
four cents as the average rate of postage, the rev-
enue would amount to $4,612,000—-an increase on
the present revenue of $554,000. An increase of
80 per cent upon the number of inland letters would
amount to 115,345,000, and adding to these the
number of dead letters and free letters would make
about 126,000,000 as the correspondence of this
country, an average of not quite five and a half let-
ters per year for each person, estimating our pop-
ulation at twenty-three millions.
Mr. MORSE. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. PHELPS yielded the floor.
Mr. MORSE. The gentleman from Missouri
has offered a substitute to the original bill, and I
can see by his argument that he has examined the
subject thoroughly. Now, I desire to know if, in
the substitute which he has offered, he has made any
provision forincreasing the number of clerks to be
employed in the different post offices? If I under-
stand, the arguments used by that gentleman, as
well asby all who advocates reduction of the rates
of postage, they are, to reduce from ten cents to three
or five cents; there must be an increase of two hun-
dred per cent, on the number of letters sent to all the
post offices in order to enable the Department to
pay its expenses. Well, now sir, we cannot ex-
pect the clerks in thepost offices in the large cities,
where they are already continually occupied, to
take charge of six more letters on every three that
they now have charge of, without additional remu-
neration. I should like to hew if the gentleman
has made any calculations on that subject?
Mr. PHELPS, (in continuation.) In reply to
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] I
must be permitted, first, to remark, that I have not
yet estimated the increase of letters at two hun-
dred nor even at one hundred per cent. The first
year, I admit, there will be an increase of labor
m the handling of letters, in the manipulation
of the office; but I think it will require but a
slight increase of force. We must bear in mind
that the difference in the rates of postage between
paid and unpaid letters will induce the citizens
to prepay their letters, which will be done with,
stamps. This will relieve the postmasters of
much labor and economize time by saving the
changing and receiving of money. No greater
force, I apprehend, will be required in keeping the
accounts of mails sent and received. I admit I
cannot estimate the number of additional clerks
which maybe required in the local post-offices,
because ft will be very small, in my opinion.
Mr. BAYLY. In this connection will the gen-
tleman from Missouri allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ? I recollect that one item in the post office
account, the item of" blanks, twine, and paper,"
appeared a very large one. Has he made any
allowance for the increase in the use of blanks,
twine, and paper in the service?
Mr. PHELPS. I am glad the gentleman from
Virginia has presented that inquiry. I should like
him to inform me how much increase there can
be in either blanks or twine or paper?
Mr. BAYLY. Sixfold.
Mr. PHELPS. Sixfold! Why the gentleman
does not understand the matter. We know that
the postmaster has to send a way-bill, and that
| bill contains the number of letters which are sen
; from his post office to others; and if he have one
i letter or five hundred letters, there will still be but
! one blank to be filled. For instance, the post-
master here at the city of Washington has but one
letter to send to the post office at Baltimore, it
takes but one blank to notify this. If he had five
hundred letters to send, it would still take but one
blank.
As far as the enveloping of larger packages is
concerned, I will admit that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Batlt] has presented a point that
had not occurred to me. The packages will be
larger, whether it be by the addition of one, ten,
or fifty letters; but it will be but a trifling increase
of envelop. I will leave him to estimate the
amount.
Mr. HOUSTON. How about the twine ?
Mr. PHELPS. Oh! that, too, the gentleman
may take into consideration; it had nearly es-
caped my notice, it is so small a matter.
Mr. MORSE (inteiposing) said, I hope the gen-
tleman from Missouri will not think that in ques-
tioning him I am actuated by any other motive
than a desire for information from a gentleman
who, I know, habitually takes a great interest in
this subject—a subject in which I myself feel some
interest. I will ask thegentleman, for the purpose
of getting the information which I require, whether
; any provision is made for an additional number of
clerks for the purpose of carrying on the duties of a
larger office, which will be necessary in consequence
of the increase in the number of letters which gentle-
men promise us will result from a reduction of the
rates of postage? The gentleman seems to think
that it will simplify the accounts and make very
little difference. I understand that in the post
office at New Orleans there are twenty-five clerks,
and but one is required to keep the accounts, and
that the great labor of the office consists in taking
charge of and delivering the letters. I can easily
understand that the increase in the number of let-
ters will not increase the expenditure on waybills,
because " 500 " can be as easily written as " 100;"
but if the post office at New Orleans is to be taken
as a fair standard, and it takes twenty-four of the
clerks in that office to do the work of delivering,
manipulating, and so forth, while but one is re-
quired to keep the accounts, why, it follows as a
matter of course that if the number of letters is
increased, as gentlemen predict, there must be a
proportional increase in the number of clerks. I
have no intention of making a speech on this
question, but I ask these questions because I think
that this information is necessary to enable the
House to act understanding^, and that we may
not be deceived by specious pretences that the
revenues that will arise under the reduction will
meet the expenses of the Department.
Mr. PHELPS. Of course I cannot estimate
the amount of increased force which may be re-
quired in each post office, nor can any one. We
have before us the estim&teof the amount required
to pay the clerks employed by the postmasters,
but it is an estimate in gross. I do not know
the number of clerks employed in any post office
in the United States. The amount paid for clerk
hire in the various post offices of the United States
the last fiscal year was nearly $358,000. They
are paid out of the commissions allowed to post-
masters. The gentleman seems to apprehend a
great increase of force is necessary. The letters
must be postmarked, assorted, waybilled, and tied
up. The use of stamps saves the use of thepmd
stamp. There will be a saving of labor in some
portions of the duty of the postmaster and in-
crease in others. To tell what the difference will
be I cannot, nor can any man. Judging from the
manner in which the gentleman from Louisiana
speaks of this item, 1 suppose he thinks the in-
crease will be very great. As I before remarked,
I think it will be small.
Mr. SWEETSER. With the permission of
the gentleman from Missouri, I desire at this point
in the argument to say, that in the semarks which
I submitted to the House the other day, I did not
intend to say that any point was a revenue rate;
and when I said that I was willing to vote for a
uniform rate of five cents, I did not intend to per-
suade the House that that rate was competent to
sustain the Post Office Department.
^jl desire, now, to ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri, or whoever is to follow him, whether the
estimates which they have submitted are 
