11% 0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11#
Mr. PHELPS, (interposing.) I must beg the :
gentleman to allow me to proceed, as I am reminded :
my time ia nearly expired. I had intended, Mr. ,
Chairman, if my time had permitted, and I had
not been so interrupted, to have touched on other
points which I propose in the substitute that I have
preseu ted. I propose to make, in several provisions
of (hat substitute, arrangements that I think will
cause a saving of at least $250,000 per annum to
the Post Office Department upon the present ex-
penditure. I propose to dispense with compensa-
tion from the Post Office, for way and ship letters,
and also with all compensation that' is paid to
postmasters for the delivery of free letters, when
notaddressed to themselves. And here, Mr. Chair-
man, I must be permitted to speak of the abuses
that are practised in this matter. The other day
I happened to see a package of dead letters which
was sent from the Dead Letter Office to the post-
master of this House, they being letters sent by
members of Congress, and in it there were fifty
letters and packets, of which twenty-seven were
printed matter, upon which two cents had been
charged by the postmaster, when by law he was
entitled to nothing. The late Postmaster General
Collamer, estimates the total expenses of this
matter at $95,000 for the last preceding year.
I also propose in my substitute to reduce the
rates of compensation paid for mail transportation
by railroads. I propose, instead of paying, as at
present, $300 per mile per annum to railroads, to
fix the maximum rate at $150 for first class roads;
instead of $100 per mile for second class, AGO; and
for third class, instead of $40, $30 per mile.
This provision, if adopted, will cause a saving; of
at least $300,000, perhaps I might say more. The
amount paid to railroads for transporting the
mails last year, was upwards of $800,000.
SI ere the hour expired.]
r. MATTESON said: I have no desire to go
into an elaborate discussion of the subject before
the committee. Points are disputed, however,
which I conceive demand attention from me, and
to those I shall confine my remarks.
The whole country—at least the North, the
East, and the West—are appealing to Congress,
not to debate this topie, but to act upon it; and,
really, it seems as if Congress has made up its
mina to gratify itself in the way of speaking the
subject to death, rather than to satisfy the country
by enacting this postage reform, so generally de-
manded. It has been urged in the course of the
debate that the whole movement is but the enn-
ningly-devised scheme of certain parties located
principally in the city of New York—certainly in
the Atlantic cities only. This is incorrect. Tnere
is scarcely a member on this floor who has not i
received petition on petition in favor of lower post- : 1
ages from all parts of his district. I myself nave ,
received a great many such, which I know are an
expression of the views of the duty of the Gov-
ernment, which my own constituents conscientious-
ly entertain. I have also* been requested by the
Legislature of the State I have the honor to rep-
resent in part on this floor, to submit certain joint
resolutions to the same end, passed at their last
session, which have remained in my desk, only
because as yet no suitable opportunity for their
presentation has offered. Now, I feel sure that
not only my constituents and my own Legislature 1
have moved in this matter of their own accord,
but that all who have sent up simiiar petitions for :
a reduction of the rates of postage have done so
without being influenced by the extraneous efforts
of any combination whatever. I beg the honor- ;
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] who
has raised this objection, to understand that my .
constituents, in their earnest desire for the reduc-
tion of postage and for free newspapers, did not
take instructions from any association in the city
of New York, or elsewhere; they acted for them-
selves, upon their own sense of propriety, as I be-
lieve other constituencies have done. I conceive
that, in reducing the rates of-postage and extending
to the rural press such mail facilities as are justly
their due, all the really unnecessary expenses of;,
the Post Office Department shoula be dispensed
with. I think a considerable saving might be
made, for instance, in advertising the letters re-
maining uncalled for. I entertain no idea of dis-
continuing the advertisement of such letters. The
reform I design to propose in this particular em-
braces at least an equivalent for the service to be j
rendered by the newspapers which advertise the '
lists of letters. Thus, I propose to permit all
newspapers to be sent free in the mails for any
distance within forty miles, with the exception of
a small charge, to accrue to the benefit of the ;
postmasters, of ten cents per annum on weekly
issues, twenty cents on semi-weekly, thirty cents
on tri-weekly, and fifty cents on the dailies. This
privilege, together witn that of free exchange now
enjoyed, the continuance of which my substitute
for the bill contemplates, and also the payment of
two cents and a half on each advertised letter that
may be called for, would afford ample compensa- i
tion for the publication of these lists. According
to post office statistics which I have obtained,.
$44,000 are annually paid for advertising such let-
ters, while not more than a third of that sum is
returned in the way of postage on the letters ad-
vertised. My object is to relieve the Department
from this expense. I submit that this charge upon
the funds of the Department is without a corre-
sponding benefit; that it inures to the benefit of no
one but the publishers of the papers in which the
lists are inserted. While the Department is deal-
ing liberally with the press, it is not asking too
much of the press that it should yield something
in return for tnat liberality. It may be qaid that
no press will publish letters for the compensation
proposed. I doubt this, inasmuch as the papers
in which lists of letters are published will be more
sought for, for the reason of such publication.
But even if I am incorrect in this, the remedy I
propose is to provide that if any press refuses to
make the publication, the postmaster may desig-
nate some other press, and that the press refusing
shall, be deprived of the benefits of the act—free
circulation within forty miles, and free exchange.
Reverting again to the small charges which I
propose to make upon the delivery of newspapers
witin forty miles of their respective offices of pub-
lication, I suggest those rates in order to insure
care of newspapers and their prompt delivery to
subscribers, ana to aid in increasing the circulation
of country papers—in fact, to compensate post-
masters for performing this duty. These charges
are small, but in the aggregate they will amply
compensate the postmasters.
It will be seen that while I have been very liberal
with subscribers to papers, I have, at the same
time, protected postmasters, and placed the coun-
try press upon such a footing that it will not, as
heretofore, be subject to the ruinous competition
of the large and liberally-patcanized city daily
press, aided by Government favor.
There is no justice or equity in compelling a
daily paper carried five, ten, twenty, or forty mues
in the mails, to pay the same postage which is
charged upon a paper carried two hundred and fifty
or three hundred miles. So long as the same
amount of postage is exacted, so long; the country
press will suffer, to the great detriment of the
people. In many instances this direct and palpa-
ble favoritism to the press of large cities has re-
sulted in the destruction of country papers, which,
had postage been charged on them only pro rata
for thedistance they were transported in the mails,
would undoubtedly have flourished.
I trust I shall be excused for dwelling on this
point, for it is of importance. When at my resi-
dence—distance from here about five hundred
miles, and two hundred and fifty from the city of
New York—for a few days during the late session
of Congress, I was apprised through the means of
an evening paper of what had transpired in these
Halls during that day; and this information,
through two daily morning papers on the next
morning, was transmitted to the remotest corners
of the district I represent. These papers were
furnished at an annual subscription of $5, while
the postage in all cases, no matter how short a dis-
tance they were carried in the mails, amounted on
each to $3 13j annually—a charge nearly equal to
the subscription price of the paper. This was the
mail charge where the paper was carried in many
instances only four miles, seldom over forty miles.
At the same time, papers from New York city,
distant two hundred and fifty or three hundred
miles, and double the size and weight of the Utica
dailies, paid only the game postage. Is not this gross
injustice ? Is it not wrong upon every principle
of fair dealing? Ought these country or inland
. papers thus be compelled to submit not only to
; fair competition, but to struggle on with the aid of
• the Government extended virtually to the city
journals against them in this manner? It is well
known that city journals possess great advantages
over country papers in their very large local and
Government advertising patronage ana great local
circulation; and certainly these considerations
should induce Congress to withhold peculiar favors
from them. The Government should not, at all
events, by favoritism like this, aid in crippling the
country papers. It should also be borne in mind
that the country papers are chargeable in supply-
ing early news with very great expenses for tele-
graphing facilities.
Now, what objection is there to permitting the
country papers to go almost free within forty miles
i of the office of publication ? I can conceive of
none. It was remarked the other day by the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strong,] that the law of 1845, permitting papers
to go thirty miles free in the mails, was repealed
because postmasters received 110 compensation for
their dehvery. This objection is provided against
in my substitute.
It has been alleged, in the course of the debate,
that the expense of the mail service would be in-
creased by permitting papers to go free within for-
ty miles; but I think otherwise. I could speak,
in this connection, from knowledge acquired in
my own district. As matters in that respect are
now managed, the postage charge is so high that
very few, if any, local daily papers are carried in
the mails, and therefore very little or no revenue
is derived from that source. Papers are put
up in packages and carried in the same vehicle
that conveys the mail, but outside of the mail. In
this way great inconvenience is experienced, and
considerable expense incurred, both by the pub-
lisher and by the subscriber. This results to the
benefit of nobody. Now, these papers could,
without the least inconvenience, be placed secure-
ly in the mail bags, under lock ana key, and be
delivered punctually to subscribers. Mail car-
riages would be run no more frequently, no greater
expense would be incurred in transportation with
these papers inside, rather than outside of the
mail bags. I am quite sure that an additional
revenue would be the consequence of permitting
papers to go nearly free, for forty miles, in the
manner proposed, inasmuch as the greater dis-
semination of information, by the increased cir-
culation of these newspapers, would induce the
i writing of many additional letters. Indeed, I have
! no doubt that the increased commissions to accrue
i to postmasters from this source would in the end
enable the Department considerably to reduce the
: rates of their commissions on letters, without
j working injustice.
! I have with regret heard gentlemen decry the
j value, morality, and usefulness of country news-
: papers: but I am glad to say there are exceptions
to this estimate of them. I noticed a very im-
portant remark made by an honorable gentleman
I from Virginia [Mr. Meade] during this debate,
i who said that in the darkest corners of the coun-
try the postboy was seldom seen. This is as true
I north as south of Mason & Dixon's line—no geo-
graphical position, whether in the Nqrth or in the
South, forms an exception to this rule. Show me
the "rural district" in which country, newspapers
; are liberally patronized and generally read, and I
i will show you a population who think, act, and
judge for themselves, who judge public men and
public measures correctly, and who can tell whether
the time of members of Congress has been trifled
away in useless debate, and in dodging close votes,
or whether they have discharged their duties faith-
fully to their constituents and to their country.
My impressions of the importance of sustainihg
the press, and lhore particularly the country press,
: were early formed, and in a good school. I very
j well recollect when a boy, living in the country on
the farm of my father, that I used to go out a long
distance on Wednesdays (that being the day on
which a paper published weekly was received) to
meet the post-rider. I did this to have the first
reading of the paper; and to the influence of that
paper I consider myself much indebted for what-
ever success in life I have been blessed with.
Talk of newspapers! Why, many members of
; this House are obliged to confine their reading to
; newspapers; certainly I am. Why does the
j House vote each member $30 annually for news-
papers, if they are useless, as has repeatedly been
alleged in conversation, if not in the course of the
debate?
While I value the newspapers so highly, and
