1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
tun anxious to sccure for them a comparatively
free circulation, I do not stand up as an apologist
for their libels or for their recklessness; for, at
times, they appear utterly reckless. I doubt if there
is a gentleman on this floor who has not felt that
gross injustice has been done him by the press,
yet it is well known that no great good can be en-
joyed without its alloy of evil. The taming of
electricity, and the use of it in communicating the
proceedings of Congress in a single instant to all
parts of the country—the control of the tremen-
dous power of steam, by which we are transported
over this continent, almost with the swiftness of
thought, are instances of the employment of de-
structive agents for the accomplishment of great
good to mankind.
I am satisfied that, for every evil inflicted on
society by the press, blessings innumerable flow
from its existence among us even in its present
condition. No one has been a more attentive ob-
server of its course anywhere than I of the news-
papers published in ray district, which, though an
inland one, has journals conducted with as much
talent, character, and enterprise, as any in the
country—and that, too, under the great disadvan-
tage resulting from the interference of the Gov-
ernment in favor of the better patronized presses
of the large cities of the seaboard.
Much has been said of late about the franking
privilege. I think the term a misnomer; for it is
anything but a privilege, except to the constituent.
I am sure few members of this House consider it
a " privilege " to be allowed to expend the sum of
two hundred and fifty dollars of his per diem
during a single session for speeches, and to devote
one third of their time in franking them throughout
their districts. This is the member's " franking "
privilege. So with regard to the books published for
distribution by order of Congress. Who receives
this benefit, or, rather, who is benefited by this
" privikge?" Not the member; for he distributes
them all to his constituents. Indeed, I know of
no direct benefit received by many constituencies
in the interior from the expenditure of money by
this Government, except the books, documents,
and speeches received under the franking privilege.
I am sincerely desirous of acting in this matter ac-
cording to the wishes of my constituents, and have
no interest in it which is not theirs. Whether the
" prvnltge" is a privilege or a burden, it can make
but little difference to me, as I have not long to
enjoy it or to suffer under it. But as I have not
received a single petition to abolish the franking
privilege, though many to reduce the postage rates,
I suppose that I am not acting in hostility to their
wishes. So faras my interest is concerned, it may
not be inappropriate to quote the remark made by
a gentleman in the English House of Commons,
when the subject of abolishing the franking privi-
lege was under discussion there: " As to my no-
' tion, that honorable gentlemen should retain their
' privilege under a penny, postage, they must have
•a more intense appreciation of the value of money,
' and a greater disregard of the value of time, than
• I can conceive, if they insist upon it."
It is insists! by gentlemen who are in favor of
abolishing the franking privilege, that the revenue
of the Department would thereby be increased, in-
asmuch as all matter now franked would then pay
for its transportation. I admit the correctness of
the argument, provided all matter now franked
would continue to pass through the mails, but I
insist that the moment franking is abolished, and
franked matter required to be paid'for at the usual
rates, that moment this very franked matter would
at once cease to be transported through the mails,
inasmuch as no member would think of burdening
his constituents with documents upon which such
large postage would be chargeable.
From the best information I have been able to
procure, I think that the Treasury pays to the
Post Office Department an ample compensation for
all service performed by the Department for all
branches of the Government.
The Treasury pays annually to the Department
for those services the sum of $200,000. Suppose
the franking privilege entirely abolished, and the
Government in all its branches compelled to pay
the same rate of postage as individuals: Does any
one believe that the Department would realize the
amount of $300,000? I do not. Again, suppose
the franking privilege abolished to-day: would any
mail routes thereby be necessarily discontinued,
or the expense thereof materially lessened? I
think not. Post routes are established for the
purpose mostly of transporting letters; free matter
is an incident, and forms no part of the induce-
ment for establishing such routes.
I admit that if you should chaige postage at pres-
ent rates upon public documents and matter now
free, this would ostensibly increase the revenues
of the Post Office Department, but in reality you
would gain nothing by the change; for, after all,
the Government would pay the postage upon this
free matter, whereas now it does no more than pay
it, as the Post Office is but a branch, in fact, of
the Treasury Department. I insist, therefore, that
no better or cheaper mode of circulating informa-
tion among our constituents (such puDlic docu-
ments as are printed by order of Congrtst) has been
brought forward than the present mode of doing
it; and I agree fully in the statement made in one
of the publications that have been sent us by a
postage association, that—
" The public documents published by order of Congress
for the information of the people have bees the subject of
much censure, which they do not deserve. It will be a bad
day when Congress shall cease the circulation of docu-
mentary details of the public business. It may be that there
has sometimes been an excess, but of this Congress must
be the only judge. We must have documents published,
large ones, in large numbers."
It has been said that the franking privilege, the
reduction of postages, and freedom of newspapers,
would prevent the Department from sustaining
itself. This might be true at first; but in the end,
so far as experience has shown, both in this coun-
try and in Great Britain, low postage eventually
increased the revenue. But suppose the Depart-
ment could not sustain itself, and should become
a charge upon the Treasury of a million annually:
I doubt whether that money could be more judi-
ciously expended in any other way. We heard
no complaint when it was proposed to expend a
million of dollars to build a steamship, or to spend
from fifteen to twenty millions of dollars to pur-
chase territory which we did not want, and which
had done more to loosen the bands of this Union
than all other expenditures incurred since the or-
ganization of the Government. Nothing was said
against the expenditure of eight millions of dol-
lars for the annual support of the Navy; ten mil-
lions thrown away to pay Texas bonds; twelve
millions of dollars for the annual support of our
small army, which was nearly a million for every
thousand soldiers. Oh, no! this was all right; it
sounded "large;" it was all about "army,"
" navy," " national honor," and all that sort of
thing. But when we come to expend a few dol-
lars for books, and to send them to the mechanics,
manufacturers, and farmers of the country, free of
postage, and to give them free newspapers, then
economy is the order of the day, and we are de-
nounced as being reckless and extravagant. I do
not believe in this. Iam willing that the Treasury
should be chained with the temporary excess of
these mail facilities over the receipts. I am desi-
rous that my section 6f country should receive at
least some money from the Treasury, when I see
many States in the southern section of the Union
receiving for the support of mails large sums from
that source over ana above the revenue from post-
ages. The following table will show my meaning:
States and Territories, Revenue. Transportation-
Maine $79,978 $42,087
New Hampshire  55,684 27,329
Vermont   52,491 42,507
Massachusetts  316,490 117,388
Rhode Island  36,010 12,212
Connecticut  95,989 55,048
New York  786,532 297,236
New Jersey  58,214 59,921
Pennsylvania  366,351 144,672
Ohio 250,410 134,984
Michigan  47,686 ' 63,148
Indiana  71,726 55,901
Illinois  86,434 109,054
Wisconsin  49,756 24,243
Iowa  18,369 16,088
Minnesota  902
Oregon  654
California   91,379
$2,453,055 $1,401,688
States and Territories. Revenue. Transportation.
Delaware $11,811 $8,577
Maryland  108,056 133,598
Virginia  124,740 166,462
District of Columbia  12,508
North Carolina  41,160 151,539
South Carolina  65,107 110,981
Georgia  90,280 142,432
Florid?..,  13,264 29,246
Missouri  68,697 49,411
Kentucky  71,785 68,503
Tennesssee..  53,823 63,054
I Alabama  63,444 146,641
! Mississippi  48,720 71,205
Arkansas  13,179 49,045
Louisiana  110,226 40,750
Texas  21,636 65,579
$918,436 $1,295,728
Look-also from day to day to the proceedings
of this body, and see the applications from the
South, Southwest, and West, asking for grants of
public land to aid in constructing railroads; mil-
lions upon millions of acres, including the swamp
lands, voted'away at the last session, were thus dis-
posed of—and these lands, too, were the common
propertyof the constituents of all members on this
floor. The people at the North build their own
railroads without asking Government aid, and at
present everything for the benefit of their great
manufacturing interest, which was emphatically a
great national interest, was steadily vetoed by
those so vociferously demanding that the nation
should not only virtually construct public works
for them, but should refuse to extend to the North
and East mail facilities in accordance with the
general increase of business, improvement in the
country, and the spirit of the age. Now, I re-
spectfully submit that this is unjust; for it is no-
torious that under the effect of the adverse legisla-
tion of 1846, thousands of good citizens employed
in manufacturing have literally had their bread
snatched from them. The doors of hundreds of
formerly prosperous establishments are closed,
and from all appearances must remain so until a
sense of justice shall bring the Government back
to the policy under which the North and East
have been invited to trust almost their all in such
business.
The difference in the rates of pay accorded by
the Post Office Department to railroads North and
South also furnishes a glaring instance of this one-
sided action. Thus, on the railroad from Albany
to Buffalo, the compensation for carrying the
mails nineteen times a week is but 4200 per mile,
and on the Erie railroad, costing ^30,000,000, but
|100 per mile; whereas, on the railroad from New
York to Richmond, $300 per mile is charged for
transportation only seven times per week. These
figures require no comment at my hands.
I am for doing justice to all sections of the
Union, and have no wish to deprive any region of
existing mail services; on the contrary, I desire to
treat all liberally and fairly. While the people of
New York pay nearly $500,000 above cost for
mail services annually, I would demand for them,
to some extent, an adequate consideration in the
postal arrangements of the country. I hope that
the provisions of the substitute I have offered may,
in substance, be adopted, and that they may have
a fair trial. Let the country have rates at two and
a half cents prepaid, (with a quarter-dime coin,) or
{jve cents unpaid, on single letters, free papers
within forty miles, except a small charge to pay
the postmaster, and let the franking privilege re-
main, for the present, e® it is. Yet I would not
be understood to declare myself so wedded to my
own scheme as to favor the rejection of all postal
reform, in case that might not be adopted by Con-
gress. On the contrary, I am willing to vote for
the best project, under these circumstances, the
majority may favor. Under these circumstances,
I feel at liberty to ask this House to give my sub-
stitute a fair consideration. It is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and. House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That letters carried in the mail of the United Slates
■hall be charged with postage as follows:
Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce, two
and a half cents; and for each additional half ounce, or
fraction of half an ounce, two and a half cents, whenever
the postage upon such letters shall be prepaid. There shall
be charged upon each unpaid letter weighing not more than
half an ounce live cents; and upon each additional half
ounce, or fraction of half an ounce, so unpaid, the sum of
Ave cents.
Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, There shall be charged
upon each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, magazine,
book, and every other description of printed matter, which
shall not contain any manuscript or written matter, and
which it maybe lawful to transmit througtvthe mail, of no
greater weight than two ounces, one cent; and for each
additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, one cent. Bound
books, not weighing over thirty ounces, shall be deemed
mailable matter under the provisions of this section: Pro-
vided, That all newspapers published daily, weekly, semi-
weekly, and tri-weeklv, may be transmitted through th6
mail, by the editors or publishers thereof, to all subscribers
within forty miles of the town or other place in which the
paper iB or may be printed, free of any charge for postage
whatever, except the postmaster delivering such papers
may.-undar such regulations as shall be prescribed by the
