224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11.
so arranged as to deprive it of much of its useful-
ness, merely because it does not yield a few dol-
lars more of revenue. Is it then any wonder, that
with your Post Office Department managed in this
way, it should accumulate a revenue—and does it
follow, therefore, that your postage should be
greatly reduced? No, sir; let your postage be |
Axed at a moderate and reasonable rate, and if
your revenues then accumulate, let such evils as '
this be removed. Let your mail facilities be ex- J
tended liberally into the thinly-settled districts, i
and then it will be time enough to talk of a still j
• greater reduction.
As I have already said, I am' for a uniform rate
of five cents upon all letters not exceeding half an
ounce in weight, for any distance within the Uni-
ted States. This, I think, is as far as we should
.go at this time. Let us see what the effect of this
will be, before we go further. The gentleman j
from New York [Mr. Matteson] says, that we j
can make such reduction as is asked for, (two
cents prepaid,) and if the Department should run '
behind, and not be able to pay expenses, then we j
could go back to the old rate, or to such rates as
would enable the Department to sustain itself.
But, sir, in my judgment, if you once make this
reduction, you will never go back again to a higher |
■rate; and the Post Office Department will be sup-
ported out of the revenues of the country. There j
are too many demagogues in this country for that,
and this would afford too fine a field for their opera-
tions to be lost. The postage is a tax paid direct-
ly by the people, and which they see and feel that
they pay, whilst the other revenues are raised by
the indirect and covert means of a tariff. An at-
tempt to go back to the old rate will afford too fine
a. scope for demagogical appeals for it ever to be
accomplished.
Here the Speaker's hammer fell, and he an- :
uounced that the hour fixed by the House for |
closing the debate had arrived.
Mr. POTTER rose to address the committee;
but yielded to
Mr. CROWELL, who gave notice of his inten-
lion to offer, at the proper time, the following
amendments to the original bill:
At the end of section one, add:
" Provided, That there shall be charged on all letter*
transported in the mails from aoy of the Atlantic porta in
the United States to any of the ports in the United States
npon the Pacific, or from any of the ports in the United
States upon the Pacific to any of the Atlantic ports in the
United States, twice the aforesaid rates; and upon all news-
papers, pamphlets, periodicals, magazines, books, or other
printed matter herein provided for, twice the aforesaid
rates."
At the end of section two, add:
" Sec. —. jtnd he it further enacted, That the franking
"privilege, except so far as it may have been conferred by
Congress upon individuals as a mark of respect and honor,
is hereby abolished, and the postage on all documents pub-
lished by either House of Congress, and all communications
to or from either House, mailed during the session, and all
communications to and from the officers of either Hoifle
upon public service, shall be paid out of the contingent
funds of the respective Houses, under such regulations as
each flouse shall prescribe fbr itself; and all communica-
tions to and from the general departments of the Govern-
ment, properly chargeable to the public service, shall be
marked as such, and the postage thereon be paid like other
.contingent expenses of the Government."
Mr. POTTER. I believe I am entitled to the
floor; but I am willing to yield it to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Pheifs] for the purpose
of explanation.
Mr. PHELPS. In consequence, Mr. Chair-
man, of the many interruptions to which I was
subjected in the course of the remarks I submitted
to the committee, I was unable, in the time al-
lotted to me, to touch upon some of the topics that
I had intended to present.
I am very glad, sir, to find that there are, as I
expected, some gentlemen ready to go with me in
demanding a reduction of the rates of compensa-
tion now made to railroad companies for the
transportation of the mails.
Mr. Chairman, I have in my hand a statement
showing the amounts paid for transportation of
the mails, in the different modes, for the last year.
On reference to it, I find that the length of the
post roads on which the mail is carried by rail-
road, is six thousand eight hundred and eighty-six
miles, and the compensation paid for this trans-
portation is about $818,000; the length of the
steamboat routes, in the United States, nine thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-five miles, and
the compensation for that service $313,943; but
-that does not include the lines of ocean steamers.
The amount of mail transportation by coach ser-
vice, is forty-nine thousand seven hundred and
sixteen miles, for which $793,000 is paid; and for
carrying the mail—-modes not specified—amount-
ing to one hundred and twenty-one thousand two
hundred and eighty-five miles, the compensation
is 6799,254.
if we examine these results, we find that the
cost of transportation per mile is—
By railroad, $118 82 per mile.
By steamboat, $32 28 per mile.
By coach, $19 47 per mile.
By modes not specified in the contract, $6 59 per
mile.
Mr. DUNHAM, (interposing.) The gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] says that he j
would reduce the rates of compensation for the i
transportation of the mails, especially by railroad. !
I should like to ask the honorable gentleman how j
he would regulate the rates of compensation to
carry this into effect? I would like to know how !
he could compel the railroad companies to carry ;
the mails at reduced rates? ' i
Mr. PHELPS, (in continuation.) I shall be
very glad to answer the gentleman's inquiry in due
course, and I think it is not an inquiry which 1
raises any material difficulty.
Mr. Chairman, there is another point to which
I desire to call the attention of the committee.
Gentlemen who oppose the reduction of the rates
of postage say it is unfair to institute any com-
parison between this country and Great Britain,
and to judge of that experience as indicative of ■
probable results in this country. They say the
cases are not analogous, because we are not so
extensive a commercial nation as Great Britain.
That the people do not, in this country, enjoy an |
i equal amount of mail facilities, and that they do
1 aot, to the same extent, avail themselves of them.
That there is not so large a population in this
country capable of maintaining a correspondence,
' and that all these facts render it unfair to institute
I a comparison between this country and Great
Britain.
Now, sir, let us look at the facts of the case.
We will take the census of Great Britain in-1841.
I will not base my statement on the present esti-
mated population of 6reat Britain, but the census
I have quoted will enable us to arrive at sufficiently
correct results.
The number of letters that passed through the
mail af Great Britain in 1847 amounted to 332,-
000,000—in 1848,340,000,000 of letters. The pop-
ulation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, by the Census of 1841, was 27,000,000,
thus giving an average of near twelve letters to
each individual annually.
Now, let us look at our own country. Our
population at the last census amounted to about
17,000,000; at the present time it is estimated at
23/(00,000, while the whole number of letters car-
i ried by mail inland, embracing all franked letters,
! does not exceed 75,000,000; giving only ffti aver-
I age of three and a quarter letters to each person of
j the present population, or four and a half letters
per person on the census of 1840 per year. Then
again: if we base the calculation only upon the
amount of white population, we find a result not
| materially different.
But again: if you base your estimate on the
! white population of the country between the ages
of fifteen and seventy years, as retnrned by the
census in 1840, the whole number is 7,700,000,
which would give an average of letters per annum
on that number of inhabitants of only nine and
seven tenths. The number of white persons over
, the age of twenty-one years who could not read
or write in 1840, was about half a million. De-
duct this number from the white population be-
1 tween the ages of fifteen and seventy years, and
the number of inland letters in this country for the
last year would be at the rate of only ten and four
tenths per annum.
j 1 do not know the number of persons in Great
Britain who cannot write. I speak of the adult
population. The Parliamentary returns do not
i show this. But I have some data which I will
present to the committee, from which each one
| may form his own conclusions. I will not pre-
sent my own conclusions on this point, further
than to say we can, with credit to ourselves, com-
pare our total population with the population of
Great Britain in this respect, and not suffer in the
comparison. I am satisfied a much larger per cent.
of the population of that Kingdom cannot write,
than there is of our own population of every de-
scription iq that unfortunate condition. The statis-
tics I shall present do notinclude Scotland or Ire-
land. It only embraces the returns from England
and Wales. By a law in force in 1839, and perhaps
in force at this time, " every marriage was attested
' by the parties married, either by writing their
' names or making their marks." The number of
couples married in England and Wales, during the
year ending30th June 1839, was 121,083, or242,166
persons. The number of persons who attested
their own marriages by making their marks, was
of males, 40,587: of females, 58,959—thirty-three
out of each hundred of the former, and forty-nine
of the latter, or forty-one per cent, of the whole
number married in that year could not write. But
I few persons after their marriage learn to write,
j If we should deduct from the population over the
i age of fifteen years of the United Kingdom of
! Great Britain and Ireland, the whole number of
1 that class who cannot write, we will find that the
' average number of letters sent by each person of
that class in that country greatly exceeds the aver-
age number of letters sent annually in this country
by the same classof population, exhibiting a much
greater disproportion than is shown by my pre-
vious estimates. I do not pretend to give the
cause of this disparity in the number of letters sent
by mail by the people of the two countries. I
have not time to speculate upon it, as I occupy
-the floor by the indulgence of my friend [Mr.
Potter] from Ohio.
In regard to the compensation paid to railroad
j companies for transporting the mail, I have said
the compensation, in my opinion, is too great.
The law requires the Postmaster General to classi-
fy the different railroads according to the import-
' ance and magnitude of the service required,
paying for first class, roads a compensation not
exceeding $300 per mile; second class not exceed-
ing $100 per mile, and for the third class not ex-
ceeding $60 per mile. I propose a reduction of
! these rates—for first class roads not exceeding
$150 per mile; second class not exceeding $60 per
mile, and third class not exceeding $30 per mile.
The compensation paid for carrying the mail from
this city to New York is$76,588, at a rate exceed-
ing $300 per mile. If my proposition in relation
to this service should be adopted, there would be
a saving on the present amount of railroad trans-
portation of from $300,000 to $400,000, but it
would not be accomplished until all the present
contracts with the railrond companies are renewed,
which would take place within three years from
the 30th of June next.
But the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. DunhamI
inquires howl will accomplish this saving? Will
jhe railroad companies agree to this reduction of
their compensation? and have we the power to
compel them to perform this service at the prices
■ Congress may propose? Every railroad in the
United States is a post road. The Government has
the right to carry the mails on every post road,
i There is now a law on our statute book imposing
heavy-penalties for obstructing the passage of the
mail. If the railroad companies refuse to carry
the mails on the' terms which Congress may pre-
scribe, we have the power to redress the evil; and
here let me remark, every Postmaster General has
had more trouble and perplexity in adjusting
terms with railroad companies—the times of the
arrival and departure of the mails, the compensa-
tion to be paia for the service—than in arranging
these particulars with all the other mail contractors
in the United States. The railroad and steam*
boat companies between this city and Richmond
demanded of Postmaster General Johnson a com-
pensation greater than the law authorized him to
give. Because he would not accede to the terms
of the company, the company threw off the mails;
and after a strife for some time, the company
transported the mail upon the terms which the
Postmaster General had offered.
Should the companies refuse to carry the mails,
the Postmaster General would be compelled to
i procure a locomotive and car, and place it upon
the road. He would run that car af such times
as suited him, and if the company with its train of
passenger cars should obtruct the transportation
of the mail, prosecutions for obstructing the pas-
sage of the mail, and the collection of a few pen-
alties, would compel the companies to accede to
the terms prescribed by Congress. I am willing
