THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED. AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS #1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1851.
New Series No. 15.
to compensate them amply. But 1 am not willing
to submit to exorbitant exactions This ques-
tion has to be met sooner or later, and one or two
examples will produce a beneficial effect.
A mail car, between this city and Baltimore,
jiasses over the railroad to that city four time each
day. An express car, equally as large as the mail
car, and passing over the road at the same time
the mail car does, passes over that road, as I am
informed, three times a da,y. The Express Com-
pany pavs $5,000 per annum for the service per-
formed by the Railroad Company, whilst the
Government pays $12,000 per annum. A pro rat•
compensation with the Express Company would
be $6,666 per innum; but the Government pays
about 80 per cent, more than the Express Company
pays for similar service.
The amount of the compensation demanded by
many of the railroad companies, in my opinion,
is exorbitant, and I know of no better time to fix
a fair compensation for this service than when
we are reducing the rates of postage. I then re-
peat, we have the power to remedy this evil. If
the laws are not sufficiently stringent on this sub-
ject, we can make them so. I should be pleased
to extend my remark? on this point, and on some
other provisions embraced in the substitute which
I intend to offer, but I am reminded I have already
trespassed too long upon the time allotted to my
friend [Mr. Potter] from Ohio.
[Mr. PHELPS gave notice of his intention to
offer a substitute for the bill of the House,-No.
351, " to reduce and modify the rates of postage
in the United States."
Mr. DUER. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me ten minutes of his time to make some
explanations to the committee? I will afterwards
make the motion that the committee rise, if such
is the wish of the committee.
• Mr. POTTER. I have no" objection to yield
the floor to the gentleman, nor have 1 any objec-
tion to a motion that the committee rise. Indeed,
I should rather prefer to make my.reply on Mon-
day. I am, however, prepared to reply now to
the arguments which have been advanced upon
the opposite side, if such is the choice of the com-
mittee.
Mr. DUER. As the gentleman from Ohio is so
kind as to allow me ten or fifteen minutes of his
time, I will make the remarks I propose to offer to
the committee now, and then move that the com-
mittee rise.
[Loud cries of " Let us adjourn .'"and " Oh no;
go on nowI'H
Mr. DUER. I would as lief go on now, but it
is a matter of indifference to me. However, as
there seems to be a difference of opinion, I will
leave it to the committee to decide, by moving that
the committee do now rise.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 83, noes not counted.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Strong] reported that the committee
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the cheap postage
bill, but had come to no resolution thereon.
On motion, the House then adjourned till Mon-
day next.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, gave notice or the fol-
lowing bill:
A bill to aid in the construction of a railroad from th«
Virginia line to Knoxville, in Earn Tennessee, and the im-
provement of the Holslon and French Brand rivers, by ap-
propriating and setting apart two millions and a half of
acrcB of the public domain for that purpose.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The memorial of Dr. Halt-
well Carver and others, praying Congress to appropriate
public lands to thein, for die purpose of building a railroad
to the Pacific ocean, from some point on the Mississippi
river, or to grant them a charter for the same purpose.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The memorial and
other papers of Elijah Close, praying Congress to place his
name on the roll of invalid pensioners, on account of dis-
ability, caused by exposure in the war of 1819.
15
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. i
Monday, January 13, 1851.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of Saturday was read and approved. ,
j Mr. WILMOT stated that his colleague, Mr. 1
John Brisbin, elected from the Eleventh Congres- 1
sional district of the State of Pennsylvania, to fill j
. the vacancy occasioned by the death of the Hon.
Chester Butler, was present and desired to take -
his seat.
Mr. Brisbin then presented himself at the bar
; of the House, and was qualified by taking the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the I
, United States. He then took his seat. 1
Mr. BAYLY rose, and was recognized by the I
Chair. . !
Mr. PHCEN1X said, that on Mouday last he
had moved a suspension of the rules, to enable I
him to introduce a resolution to make House bill ,
No. 62, for the return of duties on merchandise :
destroyed by fire, a special order; and he would '
inquire of the Chair whether that was not the
first business in order to-day?
The SPEAKER rfepliea in the affirmative,
' but said that he had recognized the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] as entitled to the floor.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of j
'■ the House to offer a resolution, making House
bills Nos. 434, 435,436, 437, and 438—being- gen- j
! eral appropriation bills, making appropriations for !
| the Military Academy, for revolutionary and other
pensioners, Navy pensions, and for the Indian and
I Post Office Departments, the special orders of the  
day for to-morrow, and from day to day until dis-
posed of. In offering this resolution, he wished
to be indulged in making a few remarks, that the
House had but forty-two working days before it,
, and unless these bills were made the special orders
! as he proposed, the House would have all the gen-
eral appropriation bills crowded into the last few i
days of the session, in which case great mischief i
might result. |
Mr. HALL asked if a majority of the House '
could not at any time take up the general appro- 1
priatiori Inlls?
The SPEAKER stated that it could, unless !
prevented by some pending special order. The :
question was now on allowing the gentleman from j
Virginia to offer his resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rales, to |
enable him to offer his resolution.
The SPEAKER stated such a motion was not
now in order, and could not, therefore, be enter-
tained pending the motion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ph<enix] to suspend the rules.
The motion would be entertained at the proper
time.
Mr. INGE called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, inquired whether the
motion he made the other day to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to suspend the
rules on the motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. JruAN,] to introduce the memorial of
the Yearly Meeting of the Society of Anti-sla-
very Friends, praying for the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law, was not now in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion made by the
fentleman from Alabama to reconsider the vote
y which the House refused to suspend the rules
was entered on the Journal on Tuesday last. At
the time the motion was made, the Chair stated to
the House that he had doubts as to the projfi-iety
of entertaining such a motion. The Chair has
examined the questfon since, and is of opinion that
a motion to reconsider a vote by which the House
suspended the rules, or refused to suspend the
rules, is not in order, and cannot be entertained.
Mr. COBB. Then I shall write out my remarks
and publish them.
RETURN OF DUTIES.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pihenix,] to suspend the rules, to enable him to
offer the following resolution:
Rmolved, That House bill No. 62, to return the duty oil
merchandise in the original packages destroyed by fire in
the city of New York, in July, 184o, be made a special order
for Tuesday, thr 28th January instant.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, wished to say,
that if the rules were suspended, lie should move
to amend the resolution of the gentleman from New
York by adding other bills.
The question 011 agreeing to Mr. Phcenix's mo-
; tion was then taken by tellers, (Messrs. Pinenix,
and Stanton, of Kentucky, acting,) and resulted—
ayes 42, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
Air. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the following resolution:
Rcsolrei, That the following bills, viz: 434, making ap-
propriation for the support of the Military Academy ; 435,
for revolutionary and other pensions; 436, for Navy pen-
sions; 437, for the Indian Department; and 438, tor the
Post Office Department, be made the special order of the
day for uj morrow, and to so continue from day to day, in
f the order limned, until disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, wished to in-
quire of the Chair, if the rules of the House did
not give the appropriation bills precedence over
other bills?
! The SPEAKER replied, that in Committee of
i the Whole 011 the state of the Union, a majority
of the committee could at any time take up the
appropriation bills, unless there was a special order
pending, but that a special order took precedence
over the appropriation bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, thought that as
there was but one special order, this motion was
unnecessary.
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order,
debate being out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON wished to make another in-
quiry of the Chair, and that was, whether, if the
rules were suspended, the resolution of the Senator
from Virginia would be open to amendment.
■ The SPEAKER replied, that in the opinion of
the Chair, a motion to amend the resolution would
> be in order, but that it must relate to the bills con-
| tained in the resolution. It would not be in order
; to amend the resolution by adding other bills to it,
as the Cliair had decided on other occasions.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether, if those bills
were not made the special order, and other bills
should be made the special order hereafter, the
bills thus made the special order would not take
precedence of the appropriation bills ?
The SPBH.KER. The Chair has given it as
his opinion that they would.
Mr. VINTON hoped, then, that the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia would prevail, and
that these bills would be made the special order.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, that if these bills
were now made the special order, the river and
harbor bill, and other improvement bills, would
be defeated for this session.
On a division, there appeared 75 for, and 47
against the proposition to suspend.
Mr. VINTON called for the yeas and nays 011
the motion to supend the rules, and being ordered,
they were taken and resulted—yeas 88, nays 89—
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Ashe, Ashmun, Bayly,
Beale, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Bnrt, George
A. Caldwell, Joseirti P. Caldwell, Cartter, Chandler, Cleve-
land, Clingman, Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick, Dixon, Nn
than Evans, Ewing, Feathert.ton, Freedley, Fuller, Gen
try, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gorman, Grinnell, Hammond,
Hampton, Haralson, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Haymond,
Hibbard, Iloagland, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Joseph
W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La Sire, Levin,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Matteson, McClemand, McDonald,
McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E.
McLean, Meacham, John K. Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Morse, Morton, Ogle, Parker, Phelps, Pitman, Potter,
Powell, Reed, Richardson, Robbins, Ross, Rumsey, Saiv-
telle, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. .Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Venable, Vinton, Williams, and Wright—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, B«-
kee, Booth, Boyd, Briggs, Brooks, Buel, Burrows, Butler,
Joseph Cable, Campbell, Clarke, Williamson R. Vv. Cobb,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Danner\ Dickey, Disney,
Doty, Dnncan, Durkee, Eliot, Fitch, Fowler, Giddings,
Gott, Gould, Green, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Hebard. Henry,
