1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
229
orders -w ere .£67,376, whilst the expenses of that
office were £77,976, being an actual loss to the |:
revenue of £10,600.
It is said their country is more compact than
oura, and the cost of transportation and manage-
ment are less. How is the fact ?
We have just seen that the cost of management
in Great Rritain, in 1848, was £1,196,500—equal to j
about £5,989,600; whilst in this country, in 1850, I
the expenditures were $5,212,953—theirs costing
more l>y •5779,627 than ours. These are some of
the facts and figures that my colleague [Mr.
Sweetser] desired me to produce to prove my
position, and the arguments which the gentleman
troin Indiana [Mr. Dunham] declares to be so
fallacious.
Another gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Brown,1
who was a member of Congress in 1845, and"
voted against the reduction, objects to any com-
parison of a cheap system of postage in this coun-
try to that of Great Britain, because, he says,
their sources of revenue are more numerous than
ours, and instances the registration of money let-
ters. He says, too, that their packet service is
not charged to the Post Office Department. He
very carefully forgot to add, that whilst we receive
$919,000 for postage on newspapers and pam-
phlets, Great Britain receives nothing, the post-
age being embraced in stamp duties, and going
into the general instead of the Post Office revenue.
But I have shown from the official reports of the
British Post Office, that after adding the cost of the
packet service to the expenses of-the Post Office
Department, and after deducting from the general
revenue the amount which he says arises from
money orders and the registration of letters, there
is still a surplus left to the credit of the Depart-
ment of over $1,000,000. '
But I have said before, and I still insist, that the
reduction in this country will enhance the revenue
in a greater degree than the same reduction would
in England. Our people are educated, are migra-
tory, are commercial. We have a vast extent of
territory constantly filling up with emigrants from
the old States; and the associations of our father-
land always inspire us with the gift and the desire
to write. And when the tax upon our communi-
cations is reduced to a mere nominal sum, every- j
body that can write, will write.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown] is mis-
taken in his views in regard to the increase of clerk
hire, on account of the great increase of the number
of letters to be mailed and delivered. Every post-
master knows that it will be a great deal less labor j
to make out and enter his post bills with one rate, j
to enter his account of mails received, and to make i
out and add up his quarterly returns, than where
there are two rates. And in the large offices, 1
where the very best and highest salaried clerks are
employed to assort the letters forfrt ailing, where
there are two rates, under the uniform system,
their services will be dispensed with, and in their
places any common laborer who cannot even read
or write, will stamp and prepare all letters for
mailing with the utmost ease. This simplifying
of the accounts wdl dispense with much of the
force now employed in the different post offices, by
which I have no doubt a great saving will result
to the Department.
Much has been said about the free circulation of |
newspapers in the counties where they are pub-
lished. But, as 1 have said before, I am satisfied
that where the postmaster receives no compensa-
tion for receiving and delivering the newspaper, he
will be very likely to discourage its circulation, at
any rate through the mail; but where he receives
fifty per cent ,as his commission, he will take
some pains to encourage the formation of clubs,
for the mere compensation derived from commis-
sions. I propose that papers circulated and de-
livered in the State where printed, shall pay one
half cent for each number not weighing over two ■
ounces, and out of the State, one cent. There is
some propriety in this distinction, from the fact
that in most of the States the laws are printed by
authority in the newspapers, and their dissemina-
tion in the State should be afforded as cheaply as
possible.
T do not wish to embarrass the country press in
its circulation, for I have seventeen country papers
in my district, and desire to see them all prosper;
and my opinion is, that a free circulation in the
counties in which they are published will not tend
to increase their circulation; for I do not know of
a man in my district who would decline taking a
newspaper any the sooner because he had to pay
twenty-six cents a year for it. And then, again,
the newspapers in my country are very strongly
inclined to free trade, and a free-trade article would
not look very well along side of an article advoca-
ting a patent to monopolize, bylaw of Congress,
the right to furnish news to any particular portion
of the pe^le. ltwould look a little like legislation
for one class of citizens to the injury of others.
They now receive all their papers free, and_ should
be, and I haveno doubt will be, satisfied, without
being authorized to send theirs free to their subscri-
bers. My constituents are not paupers, and are not
so insensible to the principles of justice as to desire
this Governmen t, or any body else, to work for them
for nothing. They know that the Post Office De-
partment must be sustained, and they are willing
to contribute to its support. However, this is a
question that 1 am not strenuous about, if the com- ■
mittee see fit to adopt such an amendment to the
i bill. One of my colleagues is a little surprised, he
says, that I should have been wrought upon by
these outside influences, and against the interests
of the people I represent, to advocate the reduction
! of postage. I have always been the advocate of
low postage. It is no new thing with me. I be-
lieve my constituents are also, and if that gentle-
man's are not, I mistake their sentiments very
much. There are some gentlemen upon this floor
who are afraid of innovation, of reform, or change. I
They are in favor of ancient usages and customs.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] is
opposed to copying after the English or any of the
old hereditary kingdoms of Europe. The gentle-
man, I suppose, distrusts his own ability to dis-
tinguish the good from the bad, and would there- ;
fore exclude all. The remark of Voltaire may be j j
well applied to that class: "Our wretched species j
is such that those who walk the beaten path, are j
always throwing stones at those who are recom- j
mending new ones."
Mr. P. having concluded—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved the i
committee rise; which was agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly, and the Speak- : |
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee [Mr Burt] reported that the commit-
: tee had had the state of the Union generally under
1 consideration and particularly the bill to reduce
! and modify the rates of postage, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
AMERICAN COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
; resolution; which was read for information as fol- j
1 lows:
Retohei, That the use of this Hall be granted to the j
American Colonization Society, for their anniversary, on
the 21st instant.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. STANTON, moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to introduce the resolution. Pend-
ing which question,
On motion by Mr. BURT,
The House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HAMPTON gave notice of his intention on to-mor-
row, or some other subsequent day, to ask leave to in-
troduce a bill of the following title:
A bill granting twenty-five millions of acres of tlie public
lands to the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts Vermont, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Kentucky,
for the purposes of common school education. ,
Mr. WATKINS gave notice that he would on to-morrow, ,
or some succeeding day, introduce a bill granting lands to
the State of Tennessee, to aid said State in the construction
of railroads therein.
PETITIONS, Stc. |
The following memorials and petitions were presented ■
under the role, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. McDOWELL: The memorial of Nancy Thomp- j
son, the widow of a revolutionary soldier, asking for a pen-
sion. . T _
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: ApeUtion from John Feast
and other citizens of New Lisbon, and one from John K. ■
Snoderaes and other citizens of Columbiana county, Ohio, '
for land limitation and freedom of the public land* to actual
settlers. , ,r
Also, a petition of John Feast and other citizens of New
Lisbon, Ohio, for a repeal of the fugitive law.
I By Mr. VINTON: The petition of sundry citizens of
the counties of Meigs and Vinton, in the State of Ohio,
praying for the establishment of a post road from Harrison-
ville, in Meigs county, to Lentnis post office, in the county ,
of Vinton.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petitions of William Patten
and 47 others, citizens of Bath; of Joseph Clark and
40 others, citizens of Waldoboro'; of Alexander Johnson
and 51 other?, citizens of Wiscasset, all in the State of
Maine, asking for an appropriation for the construction of a
breakwater at Richmond's Island Harbor, in said State.
By Mr. DISNEY: A memorial from certain citizens of
Cincinnati, asking Congress to purchase the remaining
shares of stock of the Louisville and Portland Canal, now
in the hands of individual owners, and to make said canal
free to commerce.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of citizens of
the State ofNew York, praying that Rouse's Point, on I.ake
Champlain, be made a port of entry and delivery, and that
the collector for the district be required by law to reside at
that place.
By Mr. BOBBINS: The petition of George B. Stoat,
Clement Keen, and 33 other citizens of the county Phila-
delphia. stating that the inventors and assignees of invent-
ors. under the patent laws of the United States, are suffer-
ing great loss from the introduction of products manufactured
by machines of American invention in the British Prov-
inces ; and asking Congress to pass a bill entitled " An act
giving further remedies to patentees," &c.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The memorial and
other papers of Thomas G. Brown, of Tennessee, praying
Congress to place his name on the roll of in valid pensioners.
By Mr. MARSHALL : The memorial of Henry Pritle
and 900 others, citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, praying
an appropriation for a custom-house ill the city of Louis-
ville.
By Mr. GIDDINGS : The petitions of Thomas T. Lest
and 53 others, citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio; of P.
L. Sortor and 42 others of the same county ; of A. Robunl
and 34 others, of the same county; and W. C. Pratt and
23others, of Stubencounty, New York, prayingfor a repeal
of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. WATKINS: The petition of James Tillct, of
Jefferson county, Tennessee, praying foran invalid pension.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of Elizabeth Wills, of
Hartford, Connecticut, asking pecuniary aid for the benefit
conferred en humanity by her late husband, Horace Wills,
deceased, in the discovery and application of exhilarating
gas in surgical operations.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Charles Oscar Tracy,
John Row, Charles A. M. Damarin, and 110 others, pray-
ing Congress to establish a port of entry at Portsmouth,
Onto.
By Mr. MEACHAM: The petition of H. P. Hickok and
citizens of Burlington, Vermont, asking Congress to give
additional security to patentees.
By Mr. BENNETT : The petition of Joshua L. Pinney
and 88 others, citizens of Tioga county, New York, against
the evils of settling national disputes by war, and for the
settlement thereof by a national Congress,or by arbitration.
Also, a petition of various citizens for a post road from
Binghampton, New York, to Friendsville, Pennsylvania.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 13,1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of
War, made in compliance with the act of the 20th
of April, 1818, ana 26th August, 1842, and a res-
olution of the House of Representatives of the
13th July, 1846, transmitting a list of the clerks
and other persons employed in that Department
other than officers of the Army, during the year
1850; which was read and laid on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. Tl^tNEY presented the petition of citizens
of the States of New York and New Jersey, in-
ventors and other persons interested in patent
rights, urging a modification of the patent laws;
whieh was laid on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition signed by
five hundred citizens of the United States, urging
upon Congress the passage of a law establishing
the freedom of the public lands to actual settlers;
which was laid on the table.
Also, a petition from residents of Niagara
county, in the State of New York, in behalf of
the claim of Stephen Warren to indemnity for.
losses sustained during the late war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, a petiton from Margaret Rapole, a widow
of a soldier of the Revolution, asking to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Also, a petition from citizens of Tioga county,
in the State of New York, asking Congress to
adopt measures for the amicable adjustment of in-
ternational controversies; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of citizens of the State of New York,
setting forth the great inconvenience and no little
embarrassment felt for want of new provisions
whereby the patent laws -may be rendered more
effectual for securing their just rights, and a defi-
nition of the limits of conflicting claims, and ask-
ing as speedy action as is compatible with the
ends of justice; which was laid on the table.
