1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
231
Congress of the United States, in testimony of his virtues
and theirgratitude, have caused this monument to be erect-
ed."
The memorial proceeds to say, that, at the last
anniversary celebration of the battle of Bunker
Hill, an oner was made by a citizen of Boston, of
distinguished liberality, (Hon. Thomas H. Per-
kins,) of the sum of one thousand dollars towards
the expense of a monument to the memory of
General Warren, and that it has been thought
proper to take advantage of this occasion to carry
into effect the design of the Continental Congress,
as expressed in the resolution of 1777.
JThe memorialists now invite the Congress of
the United States, by way of executing this reso-
lution, to appropriate a moderate sum in aid of
the local subscription for placing a monumental
statue of General Warren in Paneuil Hall.
The memorialists conclude as follows:
" They have no authority to address Congress in refer- '
ence to that part of the original resolution which relates to
a monument to the memory of General Mercer. They may
be permitted, however, to say that nothing would be more
agreeable to them and the community in which they live
than to witness the fulfillment of the design of Congress to ,
commemorate the name and merit of that illustrious pa-
triot.
" Your memorialists would feel it to be unbecoming to at-
tempt to suggest motives to your honorable bodies in favor
of granting the prayer of their petition. They will only ob-
serve that, in their opinion, the state of the country is such
as to give new interest to the characters of the great men
by whom its independence was achieved; and they look,
under Providence, to their memory and example as among
the most powerful of the influences on which we and our
children must depend for the preservation of that Union,
toward the foundation of which some of the best blood of
the South and of the North was liberally poured fttrth."
The memorial is signed by George Washington 1
Warren, the President of the Association, in be- j
half of the Committee of the Directors. I am sure
that I can add nothing to its simple eloquence,
and I will therefore move its reference, without
further remark, to the Committee on the Library.
I move also that the memorial and accompanying
paper, which contains some interesting facts, be i
printed. The motion to print must go, I pre- i
■ume, to the Committee on Printing under the j
rule. |
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Library, and the motion to print was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. JONES, it was ordered that
Mary B. Dix have leave to withdraw her petition
and papers.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. COOPER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to change the mode of
levying duties on imports from foreign countries,
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
The bill to amend the act entitled " An act to
authorize notaries public to take and certify oaths,
affirmations, and acknowledgments, in cert&in
cases."
The bill to authorize the State of Wisconsin to
select the residue of the land to which that State is
I entitled under the act of 6th.of August, 1846, to
aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers.
THF. BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to ask the Senate
to take up the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives proposing to make land warrants
assignable. It has been reported back from the
Committee on Public Lands, and I have repeated-
ly stated to the Senate the reasons why it is a
matter of great urgency, and I hope that it may
be acted upon at once either one way or the other.
If the Senate should reject it, be it so, and then
the officers having charge of the execution of the
law will be enabled to proceed with the disposi-
tion of the business which arises under it. If it is
passed, the earlier it is passed the better, and I
hope the Senate will now take it up and act
upon it.
Mr. WALKER. I have heard the reasons
which havejust been urged by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, for taking up this resolution,
urged by him several times. I nave heard them
also urged by other Senators. They have ap-
peared to me on each occasion to be somewhat
singular and peculiar. What authority has any of
these departments to subpend its operations, when
there is a clear and explicit law pointing put their
duty, and when they have themselves construed
it, and are acting un^er their own construction ?
This is an insufficient reason. I cannot see why
the Department uf the Interior should be suspend-
ing its operation on the bounty land act until
Congress shall take further action upon that sub-
ject. They have a plain duty to perform, and
they can perform it without any trouble. They
may have taken an intimation from the action of
the Houife of Representatives that the two Houses
intend to take some further action upon this sub-
ject; but still that will not do. It is not their duty
to do so. The passage of a joint resolution by the
House of Representatives does not become a rule
of action to the Government or to a Departmentin
this country. It will be time for them to suspend
or change operations when Congress and the Pres-
ident combined have passed a law which is to
operate as the law of the land. I can see no ne-
cessity for taking up this resolution, which is not
now two weeks old, and is likely to be more mis-
chievous in ita consequences than any other act that
can be passed ,andputtingit ahead of matters which
have been pending before this body for more than
a year. I can see no reason for it, and I am op-
posed to it. It is known also to the Senator from
Kentucky that it was the general understanding
on Tuesday that there was a particular subject to
be taken up this morning, and he could not but
be aware that I have manifested and felt some
considerable anxiety to have the measure to
which I allude taken up this morning. I allude
to the bill of the last session to cede public lands
to States in which they lie. As I have several
times remarked, it has been a special order for
more than a month, and the Senator from Michi-
gan has been entitled to the floor upon it during
that time. It nevertheless has been continued
from day to day, that other special orders might
occupy the attention of the Senate. More time
has been consumed by motions to take up other
subjects than would have been sufficient to have
disposed of this subject. Thus the time of the
Senate has been exhausted, and I hope that this
morning, when there are but five minutes left be-
fore the hour when the special orders will come
up, this motion may not prevail; for I can assure
the Senator from Kentucky that the joint resolu-
tion to which he refers cannot pass, at least until
it has received the most serious discussion. I
have views upon that subject which I wish to ex-
press if I can obtain the attention of the Senate.
The honorable Senator, too, has views which he
desires to express; various other Senators desire
to participate in the discussion; and I believe he
will facilitate action upon the resolution if he will
suffer the subject to which I have referred to be
acted upon in accordance with the understanding
of the Senate on Friday last. It cannot be sup-
posed that a matter of this character can be taken
up during the morning hour and in five minutes
disposed of. And I venture to say that if we now
consent to go into the discussion of the subject
which the Senator desires to be taken up, he will
not consent to postpone it when the time arrives
for the consideration of the special orders. He
would object to that. When we had time on
Friday to dispose of the bill which I am anxious
to see passed, he was one of those who, by mo-
tions, interposed and exhausted the Jime that
would have been sufficient for that purpose; and I
hope he will not new persist in his motion to take
up that resolution. We have within the last four
or five years thrown into circulation for the bene-
fit of capitalists enough of a paper medium by
which to monopolize the public lands, without
taking up this batch of unknown millions and
throwing them into circulation. But if there were
anything further necessary to cause this measure
to result to the real benefit of the soldier, to con-
stitute the boon which Congress intended it should
be, he would receive my vote; but at the time the
measure was originally up, I knew it would not
be left as a boon to the soldiers, but as another
issue of paper money for the benefit of capitalists,
with which to monopolize the public lands.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, is the subject
before the Senate for discussion ?
The PRESIDENT. It is not open to discus-
sion upon its merits. The pending question is
simply whether it shall now be considered.
Mr. WALKER. If I have been out of order,
Mr. President, all I can do is to ask the pardon of
the Chair and of the Senate. I did not design to
be so, and shall consequently say nothing more,
hoping, however, that as the morning hour is
almost expired, the Senate will proceed to the
regular orders of the day, and that it will not take
up this joint resolution, unless it be for the pur-
pose—in which I will join the Senator from Ken-
tucky—of making it a special order for some
future day, when he and I and others may under-
stand that the subject will come up, and be pre-
pared to say, and as shortly as possible, what we
nave to say upon it. If this is the object of the
Senator, I will join him in it most heartily. I
understand it isnis object to take it up now, but
as the hand upon the dial of time points clearly
and indicates conclusively that the morning has
passed, I call for the special order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I presume that my mo-
tion cannot be got clear of by my friend from
Wisconsin speaking till the morning hour is
passed. We are entitled to a vote upon it, at all
events. This is the fourth time that I have made
this motion, and I have uniformly withdrawn it
when any gentleman made a suggestion that he
had a matter of urgency that he desired to bring
up. If it is now withdrawn I do not know but
I shall have to make it four times more before I
can get the Senate to act upon it. I hope it will
be disposed of.
I feel it incumbent on me to make a remark in
vindication of the Department which has been
assailed by the gentleman from Wisconsin. I be-
lieve it has been the practice with the Depart-
ment, and I think ita wise and salutary practice,
when the legislative department of the Government
has taken up a subject proposing to change or to
modify a law, to deal courteously towards the
legislative department, so far as to cease operating
under the law until they see whether the legislative
department will change the rule. The Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] has suggested
to me that this practice has been especially proper
when one department of the Legislature has passed
an act. I will give an instance of this practice
which I think salutary. Congress took up the
subject of commutation pay with interest in be-
half of the Virginia officers and soldiers. They
partly legislatedin relation to it, and in deference
to the legislative department the Secretary of the
Interior suspended operations in relation to the mat-
ter until he saw what Congress did. Now, I do not
think, regarding the past practice of the Depart-
ments and the rule which has governed them
in that practice, that aiiy injury can result from a
mere temporary delay. I think that the gentle-
man's condemnation was not well timed. I hope,
on reflection, he will excuse the Department from
any censure on account of a little delay. But that
delay has been unavoidable from the very nature
of the claims. Nothing can yet have been done
except to make preparations, and one of the prep-
arations necessary is the printing of the warrants,
and, if they are to be made assignable, the print-
ing with them of the instructions regulating the
mode of assignment. But, lest I should imitate
the example of my friend by makingalong speech,
I shall take my seat, simply asking the Senate to
take up this joint resolution and dispose of it.
Mr. SMITH. I wish merely to suggest to the
Senate that the French spoliation bill, which I had
the honor to report to the body at the last session,
was made the special order for to-day. There are
other special orders before it, and I do not propose
to interfere with the consideration of the bill upon
which the gentleman from Michigan desires to be
heard this morning. Though I gave notice to the
Senate that I would this day move to postpone the
prior orders in order to take up the bill which I
have in charge, as the honorable Senator from
Michigan ana the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin desire to express their views and sentiments
to-day on another subject, I shall not move the
postponement until they shall have concluded their
remarks. But I desire to say to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky that I cannot consent to
have the bill which has been confided to me by the
Senate, which has been so long; pending before
the two Houses of Congress, delayed in order to
take up this resolution, which has been brought
to our consideration for the first time at the present
session of Congress. I will, however, at an early
day concur with my friend in trkin  up that reso-
lution. As at present advised I f m totally opposed
to its provisions, but I think it cug'it to be taken
up ana receive the consideration of the Senate at
an early day. I trust that, after the long delay
