232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
which has taken place in regard to the important
subject to which 1 now call the attention of the
Senate, it will not be postponed by any more
special orders. I cannot, therefore, vote for the
motion of the Senator. i
The motion was not agreed to, 17 voting in the
affirmative and 25 in the negative. !
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill 85, to cede the public lands of the United
States to the States respectively in which they are
situated, on condition that the said States shall
severally grant and convey the said lands to actual
occupants only, in limited quantities, for cost of
survey, transfer, and title muniments merely.
Mr. FELCH, who was entitled to the floor, j
proceeded to address the Senate, and having spo- :
ken until near the usual hour of adjournment J
without finishing, he yielded the floor, !
And the Senate adjourned.
The
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TrF.su.VY, January 14, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m
Journal of yesterday having been read,
On motion by Mr. SPAULDING, (there being
no objection,) it was so corrected as to insert his
name in the negative, on the proposition of Mr.
McLanahan" to suspend the rules to admit his res- :
olution declaring it to be inexpedient and im- j
proper to repeal the fugitive slave law of last ses- I
sion. He had voted yesterday, but his name was 1
not recorded.
Mr. ALBERTSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution; which
was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee un Roads and Canals be i
instructed to report a bill, without delay, making an appro-
priation for the improvement of the Ohio and Mississippi 1
rivers. j
Objection was made, and the resolution was not
received.
On motion by Mr. GERRY, by unanimous con-
sent, it was ordered that leave be granted to with-
draw from the files the papers of Mark DureUand !
others.
On motion by Mr. BE ALE, by unanimous con- I
sent, it was ordered that leave be granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House the peti- I
tions and papers of John Rosbury, for the purpose !
of reference to one of the Executive Departments. |
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired of the
Chair whether the regular order of business was |
not the call of the committees for reports ?
The SPEAKER said that it. was.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. GOTT simultane-
ously then called for the regular orders.
CHEAP POSTAGE. 1
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the rules were j,
suspended, and the House resolved itself into Com- '!
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, i
(Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order—the cheap postage !
bill. I
The CHAIRMAN directed the first section of
the original bill to be read, and it was read as
follows:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, ftc., That letters carried in the mail ' ■.
of the United states shall be charged with postage as fol- ]
lows :
Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce wlien ,
postage is paid where such letter is mailed three cents; and
for each additional half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce,
when so prepaid, there shall be charged three cents. There :
shall be charged upon each unpaid letter weighing not '
more than one half ounce five cents, and for each additional
half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce, when so unpaid, ,
the sum of five cents." :
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman S
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] had moved to amend ;
this section by striking out the word "three,"
where it first occurs, and to insert the word "five,"
so as to read, that " upon each letter not weighing !
over one half ounce when postage is paid where j
such letter is mailed five cents," &c.; which amend- !
ment the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. j
Fowler] had moved to amend by striking out
the word "five," and inserting the word "two;" .
and the pending question was upon the proposed
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS wished to know if it would ,
be m order to move an amendment to the amend- ;
nrtnt of the gentleman from Ohio? [Mr. CART-
ter.] h
The CHAIRMAN ruled that it would not now
be in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish, sir, to say a few
words in opposition to the amendment before the
committee.
It appears to me, sir, that the object of the com-
mittee is to have a cheap postage, and yet at the
same time to continue the post office ip a condi-
tion that will enable it to sustain itself.
If the committee will give me its attention for a
few moments, I think I can convince it that, by
adopting a five cent uniform rate, at least one
million of dollars can be annually saved in the ex-
penses of the Post Office Department.
If such a reform is the object, it can be effected
in that way. Take, for instance, the post office
in the city of New York: how many clerks are
there employed in that office? I do not know.
Gentlemen from that city differ: some say fifty,
and some sixty; but I know that there are nine
clerks employed in the Post Office Department in
this city in copying the returns from the city of
New York alone.
Sir, in all the post offices in all the large towns
of the United States, an immense number of clerks
are employed for the express purpose of making
out the returns of mails received and mails sent.
If, then, sir, the committee adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,]
that a five cent rate shall be charged uniform, one
sheet of paper would be amply sufficient to make
out the returns for the city of New York. If you
adopt this system, therefore, you get rid of a large
number of clerks employed on this service alone,
numbering, in the United States, between five and
six hundred; and in addition to this, you will get rid
of the expense of keeping an account of the mails
received and the mails sent. You can furnish the
different post offices in the United States with
stamps, and at the end of the quarter, they have
nothing more to do but to calculate the number of
stamps on hand, and make out the returns from
this data, and send them to the Department. You
will get rid, I say, of this enormous expense. I
know that frauds can be practiced upon this Gov-
ernment under this system, as they can under the
present system. What check is there upon post-
masters as to their returns of the numbers of let-
ters received or sent in the mails ? There is no
check whatever!
In addition to all this, you get rid of the enor-
mous quantity of dead letters that are annually
sent through the post office.
If, sir, this proposition is adopted for a fiv^ cent
uniform rate, it is my opinion that the Post Office
Department will sustain itself; without that, I do
not think it can support itself. I cannot vote
for a less rate than five cents uniform. The argu-
ments of my friend and colleague from Tennessee,
[Mr. Watkins,] have satisfied me,beyond doubt,
that it would be injurious to the section of the
country that we have the honor to represent.
If it is the object of th^ bill to produce a re-
form in the Post Office Department, to cheapen
postage, let us adopt a system that will get ria of
the enormous number of superfluous clerks, of the
large number of dead letters, and you will ac-
complish an important object, an important saving
to the P«jt Office Department. Let us try this
for one or two years, and if then we find, from
actual experience, that we shall be warranted in
adopting a three, or even two cent rate, the coun-
try would sustain such a proposition.
I have frequently heard it argued, that the State
of New Yorlt pays-a million of dollars and up-
wards on the Post Office Department contracts in
that State, and that such an expenditure ought to
be reduced 
[Here the hammer fell, the gentleman's five
minutes having expired.]
The question being on the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Fowler] to
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
CartterI 
Mr. CROWELL demanded tellers, and they
were ordered; and Mr. Ewing and Mr. Brooks
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—ayes 67, noes 89.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, inquired if it would
now be in order to move to amena the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio? [Mr, Cartter.]
Th<5 CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move to amend the
original bill by striking out the first section and in-
serting as follows:
" That from and after the 30th day of June, 1851, letters
carried in the mail of the United States shall be charged
with the following rates of postage: On all letters not ex-
ceeding half an ounce in weight tive cents, and for every
additional half ounce or fraction thereof, there shall be
charged the like sum of tive cents additional, and all drop
i letters two ennts."
; The CHAIRMAN. The amendment i.s not in
j order.
| Mr. BROWN. I ask the Chair if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] cannot accept it in lieu
j of his amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
; Ohio adopt this as a modification of his amend-
i ment?
■ Mr. CARTTER. I am perfectly willing to do
so, as it carries out the intention I had in view in
offering my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
! that the gentleman from Ohio cannot adopt the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from In-
diana. An amendment to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill had been offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts in front of the chair, [Mr.
Ashmun,] and that would be the first question but
. for the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] to amend the firstsection of the bill. If,
; therefore, there was no further amendment to the
\ first section of the bill, the question would be on
I the amendment of the gentleman from Masaacliu-
! setts.
Mr. SACKETT inquired if it would now be in
order to move an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is certainly in order to
| < offer an amendment to the amendment.
II Mr. SACKETT. Then I offer the following
' amendment:
! Sec. 1, line 1, after the word " ounce," insert:
" Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce, car-
ried not more than five hundred miles, two cents; upon each .
such letter carried more than live hundred and not more
than one thousand miles, three cents; upon each such let-
ter carried over one thousand and not over two thousand
miles) five cents; and upon each such letter carried over
i twe thousand miles, ten cents; upon every letter of greater
weight than one half ounce, there shall be charged for every
:. additional half ounce or fraction thereof the same amount
as for the first half ounce."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not iii order, as it is a substitute
for the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired what was the pending
question ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
amendment was that of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter,] to strike out the word " three,"
j in th« first section of the bill, and insert " five."
The Clerk read the first section of the bill as it
would read if amended.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. The principle con-
i tained in that amendment is, in my opinion, right.
It is what I am in favor of myself. It proposes to •
make no distinction in the first section between
■ prepaid and unpaid letters. By striking out
! " three " and inserting " five," you put the same
price upon prepaid and unpaid letters. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is not
adopted, I shall then propose to strike out the sec-
tion, and to insert one in a more simple form,
making the rate five cents, prepaid as well as un-
paid.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, inquired of
the Chair whether it was in order to offer an amend-
j ment in the nature of a substitute for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio? [Mr. Cartter.]
The CHAIRMAN responded in the negative.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
1 amendment, and it was not agreed to.
.Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, inquired
whether it was now in order to move to amend
the substitute for the bill offered by the chairman
: of the committee ? [Mr. Potter.]
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not in
order.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, inquired if it was
not now in order to offer his amendment to strike
out the whole of the first, section ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was not in
I order.
Mr. SACKETT offered the following amend-
ment to the first section of the bill:
