1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
r4tes of postage three, five, and ten cents on let-
ters, providing they are prepaid. If not prepaid,
then the several sums are to be doubled. The
consequence will be, if letters are not prepaid, that
the rate of postage would be six cents for the
shortest distance; for greater distances ten cents,
and for distances like that from this country to the
shores of the Pacific it would be twenty cents.
Now, I find in a great many of the amendments
that have been offered here this morning, there is
a sort of inkling, and a desire on thtf part of gen-
tlemen who have offered them, to keep in that
odious distinction which is now bearing down
upon us of the Pacific coast. The fact of a reduc-
tion of postage from forty cents to ten is here
held before you as a very great reduction or gra-
tuity on the part of the Government. If gentle-
men would stop to consider that the forty cents
postage that is now forced upon us who live upon
the Pacific coast, is an odious distinction in itself,
and a violation of all the principles of law hereto-
fore prevailing in this Government, certainly to
reduce it from forty cents to ten cents.would be
considered no gratuity on the part of the Ameri-
can Government. I wish you to distinctly under-
stand, that if you adopt the graduated scale—of
having your postage regulated according to ascale
of distances—we are unwilling on the Pacific coast
to come in under such scale; but if you adopt an uni-
form rateof postage prepaid all over the country in-
land, then we claim a right to belong to that coun-
try; and we claim a right to come under the same
uniform rule, and be treated as the rest of Ameri-
can citizens are. So long as God gives me breath,
here in my place I will solemnly protest against
beiag considered an outside barbarian by this
Government. I was born in it. I have always
lived in it. I always mean to liveunder it, and no
power on earth shall drive me from it. All that I
claim or ask is, that the operation of American
laws may be uniformly dispensed throughout the
whole country, in their full power, and that no
injustice be done to any of its citizens.
I hope, with these few remarks, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Parker]
will be voted down, and that this House will give
another evidence of its determination, which it has
so frequently given before, to do uniform justice
to a uniform nation and a uniform people.
The question being then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by [Mr. Parker] to the amendment
offered by Mr. Gerry, it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Gerry,] it was taken, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. McKISSOCK moved to amend the first
section by adding at the end thereof the following:
" Provided, however, That primed circular-' and handbill*
shall be charged with full letter postage."
I wish to say one word in relation to the amend-
ment I have proposed. By the first section of the
bill, it is provided that letters of but one half ounce
in weight shall be charged three cents, and by the
second section of the bill—that clause providing for
newspapers—it declares that all printed matter that
is mailed shall be charged two cents. And thus
the cost of mailing this matter will be less than
that of letters, and thus will be opened an oppor-
tunity for men of business and others to send
printed matter answering all the purpose of a let-
ter at a less cost than letters.
Considerable correspondence will be carried on
in that way to the injury of the revenue of the
country. I am in favor of a reduction of the post-
age on letters to the lowest price to which it can
be brought without a diminution of the revenue
b«ing effected thereby. I believe that a three
paid and five cent unpaid rate will sustain the Post
Office Department. This is a considerable re-
duction. I am not disposed to go to what might
prove an extreme, and do not, therefore, favor the
experiment of a two cent rate postage. I think we
should not descend to a rate that will not sustain
the revenues of the Department, and I therefore
favor the three and five cent rate, because I think
it is a revenue rate. I submit my amendment to
the House, that there may be no inducement to
send printed matter in place of manuscript.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. McKis-
socb,] and it was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Astfttvs, heretofore
offered, as a substitute for the first section of the
bill, was read as follows:
Be it enactel, S;c., That from and after the first day of
July next, llie postage on all letters shall be as follows:
1 All letters not exceeding half an ounce in weight, conveyed
any distance within die United States, shall he charged
with two cents postage, and a like sum for every additional
half onnce, or fractional part thereof, the postage being pre-
paid in ail cases; and all drop letters or letters to be de-
livered at the office where deposited, shall be charged
1 with one cent postage, to be prepaid.
Mr. ASHMUN said: I desire merely to say,
sir, that I made my proposition with a view to
test the sense of the committee in respect to its dis-
crimination between a two and three cent rate.
The amendment which I proposed is, to strike out
of the first section of the bill "three cents," and
insert in lieu thereof "a two cent uniform rate."
It is, I believe, in other respects, entirely identical
with the bill as now amended. I desire, therefore,
to enter into no argument in relation to it, but sim-
ply to distinguish between the two plans of a two
cent and a three cent rate. This is why I make
my propssition; and I demand that the question
be taken by tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Disnev and Mr.
Van Dyke were appointed.
The question being taken, it resulted—ayes 53,
noes 92.
So the amendment was not agreed to. 1
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved to strike out
the first section of the original bill and insert the
following in lieu thereof:
" That from and after the thirtieth day of June, 1851, let-
ters canied in the mail of the United States shall be charged
with the following rates of postage : On all letters not ex-
ceeding half an ounce in weight five cents, and for every
additional half ounce or fraction thereof, there shall be 1
charged the like sum of five cents additional, and all drop
letters two cents."
Mr. BROWN. Mr. Chairman, this is a aim- j
pie proposition to fix the postage at a uniform i
rate of five cents throughout the United States, j
It proposes no discrimination, for when we come
to discriminate, we shall never be able to agree. I
think that we have sufficient evidence to show that ;
the system which^propose will support the Post
Office Department. I am for no rate of postage 1
that will not do that. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] the chairman of •
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
which proposes to reduce the postage to a uniform
rate of three cents, makes an appropriation of a
million and a half of dollars from the national
Treasury for the support of the Post Office De-
partment. And let me say to the committee, that
j that is not all; for you will have to increase that
j appropriation in another mode—by increasing the
| commissions of postmasters.
In order to realize the same amount of revenue
I from postage at a uniform rate of three cents that
I is now derived ffom postage at the five and ten
! cent rates, you would require four times the
amount of letters to pass through the mails than
j are now carried. And in order to attend to this
increased number of letters, more clerks must be
employed; and there is no mode by which they
can be paid but by increasing the commissions of
the postmasters. So that, in that case, you re-
duce the revenues of the Department by taking
! from it the amounts necessary to pay this addi-
! tional force.
To be sure, we may insert the proposition of
I the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Caldwell,]
| which has already been adopted, and prevent the
j Postmaster General from discontinuing post routes
| or post offices. But what is the effect of that? Itis
j still to plunge the Post Office Department deeper and
I deeper into the national Treasury for its support,
j And it is utter folly to say that the Post Office
i Department is no more bound to support itself
than the Army or the Navy. There is a direct
source from which you may obtain revenue from
the Post Office Department; but wliat source is
■ there from which you can derive revenue by
means of the Army and Navy? Their very or-
ganization presupposes that they are to be sup-
ported by tne Government.
I desire to say a word now in relation to what
has been said in the comparison between the Eng-
lish system, and the system in this country. It
has been stated here, that the expense of the Post
! Office Department in England is much greater than
! in this country. But I would have gentlemen to
j understand, that in that estimate they include every -
I thing. No gentleman, in any of these estimates,
has brought it down to the expense of carrying
the mail alone, which I assert is -much less than
the expense of mail transportation atone in the Uni-
ted State*.
1 With these remarks, I have only to say, that if
I we adopt the system which I propose, we shall
have a system which will pay. It will sustain alt
the post offices in the rural districts of the country.
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. POTTER. I am very glad this proposition
has come before the House at this time, by which
the sense of the House may be tested on the differ-
ence between the three cent rate and the five cent
rate of postage, which I understand to be the
effect of the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Brown.] I hope the friends of a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage below five cents will
understand what the proposition before the com-
mittee is: that it is to test the sense of this House
on the question, " Whether we shall reduce the
. rateofpostageon lettersbelowfiveeentsornot?" I
stated in my remarks on yesterday, Mr. Chairman,
that if you adopt a uniform rate of five cents, you
will not get revenue enough to support the Depart-
. ment, and gave my reasons for coming to that con-
clusion, which I wish the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Brown] had listened to.
Sir, I have heard the same prediction by the
gentleman before—six years ago—when the ques-
I tion of a reduction was before the House. I was
1 a member in this House with that gentleman at
that time. The gentleman then predicted that if
we reduced the postage from the rates which had
existed previous to that time, to a Jive and ten
oent rate, that it would have the effect of reducing
the treasury of the Post Office Department to
bankruptcy; and he came to that conclusion by
the same course of reasoning by which he has
come to the conclusion hehasdonein relation to this
bill. The gentleman since had the candor to ac-
knowledge that he was disappointed in the opera-
tion of that redaction; that instead of diminishing
the revenue, as he had anticipated, it had increased
it—that he was very glad that it had operated so
fhvorably. But now, when we propose to reduce
it again, we see the gentleman from Indiana com-
ing forward with the same prediction supported
by the very same reasons.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, interrupted Mr. Pot-
ter, and asked why he asked from the common
Treasury an appropriation of a million arid a half
dollars?
Mr. POTTER continued. Mr. Chairman, I
have said the gentleman from Indiana used the
same argument in relation to the reduction of
postage in 1845; and if you will take the pains to
examine the records, you will find that his vote is
recorded against any reduction, upon the ground
that the rural district which he professes to repre-
sent upon this floor, would be Unsupplied with
mail facilities.
But, sir, we have compared the effect of a reduc-
tion of postage in this country with that of Great
Britain. The gentleman from Indiana says the
expense of carrying the mail and maintaining the
Post Office Department in Great Britain amounts
to more than the receipts into the treasury of that
Department. Mr. Chairman, if that gentleman
had listened to my remarks yesterday, or if he had
examined the records of the Post Office Depart-
ment in Great Britain, he would have found that
after paying all expenses on foreign steamboats
and packets—all the expenses of the mail service
at heme—all their postal expenses—after paying
the commission on money orders and the com-
mission on the registration of money orders,
there was a surplus still of more than a million
of dollars. I dislike very much to hear gentle-
men make assertions on this floor without some
facts to sustain them.
Why, sir, if you were to let the contract of the
mail service to the lowest bidder, you would have
no difficulty in finding a contractor who would
carry the mail and pay all the expenses' of the
mail service for the compensation of one cent on
letters and Tialf a cent on newspapers, and still
leave a surplus in the Treasury of two or three
millions of dollars.
Sir, I go for economy in this Department. I go
for cheap postage, and for circulating information
at the lowest rate of charge amongst the whole
people; and when you do that, you will make the
Post Office Department the people's pet. I go for
such a rate as will supply the Department with
