1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299.
it am I to be punished for his fault? It ia wrong
in principle.
Besides' all this, I wish to call the attention of
the House to a remark which I made before, that
in order that this experiment of a reduction of
postage shall succeed, and the number of letters
largely increased, we muft put no obstacle in the
way of any person throwing his letters into the
mail. You do put an obstacle in the way the
moment you require prepayment, and the moment
you say that a prepaid letter shall go at a less rate
than one that is not prepaid.
I trust, therefore, that the House will adhere to
the vote taken, and declare that all letters passing
through the mails shall be charged with the uni-
form rate of three cents, and not attempt to check
the entrance of all letters into the mails by requi-
ring, either directly or indirectly, the prepayment
of postage.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Ashmun to the amendment of Mr. Brown,
of Indiana, tellers were demanded and ordered, '
and Messrs. Phelps, and J. A. King, of New |
York, were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported I
71 in the affirmative and 74 in the negative. j
The tellers stated that they were dissatisfied j
with the count, and asked that permission might I
be granted for a recount. The Chairman directed a j
recount; which being had, the tellers reported,
ayes 85, noes 69. 1
' So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the i
amendment of Mr. Brown, as amended, and tell-
ers being called for, Messrs. Botd and Andrews
were appointed. ^
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee rise.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for tellers, and
they were ordered.
The question was then taken by tellers (Messrs.
J. A. King and Ewing) on the motion that the
committee rise, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 73, noes 55.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Burt] re-
ported that the committee had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
cheap postage bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
On motion by Mr. CLINGMAN, the House
then adjourned.
NOTCCE OF A BILL.
Mr. JACKSON, of New York, gave notice that he would
on to-morrow, or some future day, ask leave to introduce a
bill granting aid to the State of New York for educational
purposes.
PETITIONS, ke.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule and referred to appropriate committees :
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Benjamin Brayton,
Joseph J. Comstock, and 166 others, shipmasters and
others, of Massachusetts and other States, praying for an
appropriation by the present Congress of an amount suffi-
cient to provide a suitable light ship, to be stationed near
Brenton's Reef, in Rhode Island, northeasterly from Point
Judith.
By Mr. FULLER: The memorial of Matthew Keller,
praying Congress to grant him compensation for ringing the
fog bell on Libby Island, on the coast of Maine.
By Mr. DISNEY: Two memorials from certain citizens
of Cincinnati, asking Congress to purchase the Louisville
canal, and make it free.
By Mr. DANIEL: The memorial of Burwell Temple
and many others, against the employment of Chaplains by
the General Government.
By Mr. RICHARDSON: The petition of Charles Mc-
Fall and 98 others, citizens of Peoria county, Illinois, ask-
ing that " the General Government shall no longer traffic,
nor permit traffic in the public landsand that they shall
be laid out in farms and lots, for the free use of such citi-'
zens, not possessed of other lands, as will occupy them.
Also, the petition of Joshua Bowman and 57 others, citi
zens of the same county, upon the same subject.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of L. A. Spalding
and others, citizens of Niagara county,New York,praying
for protection to inventors holding rights under the patent
laws of the United States, from the introduction of articles
manufactured by machines of American invention in Brit-
ish provinces.
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland: The petition of Willis
Corkrin and others, praying Congress to take measures to
prevent the necessity of war by some suitable legislation.
By Mr. STETSON: The petition of William H. Mills
and others, citizens of Bangor, Maine, praying for a break-
water at Richmond's Island, in said State.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of General William Blake,
praying for compensation for services rendered the United
States during the war with Great Britain.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of William Thomas
and others, citizens of Paris, Portage county, Ohio, praying
the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of Watson Holcomb and others, citi-
zens of the same county, praying for a repeal of the same
law.
Also, the petition of Thomas Simon and others, citizens
of Lowell, Mahoning county, Ohio praying the repeal of
the same law.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday. January 14, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate presented a
communication from the Executive Committee of
the Industrial Exhibition, to be held at London
: the 1st June, 1851, stating what has been done
by the committee to enable the citizens of the
' UnitedStates to exhibit theirarticle's at the World's
, Pair, and asking that provision may be made for
i agents to represent the interests of this country at
the exhibition; which was referred to the Com-
1 mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition of publish-
ers of periodicals in the city of New York, asking
a reduction of the rates of postage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a memorial of in-
ventors and other persons interested in patent
rights in New York, asking a modification of the
patent laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of publishers of periodicals in
the city of New York, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
Thomas Ritchie, representing that he is a party
interested in the contract of William A. Belt, to ex- j
ecute certain classes of the printing of Congress, and ]
praying that he may be released from his contract, I
and that other prices may be substituted; which was I
referred to the Committee on Printing. !
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citizens j
of Columbia county, in the State of Pennsylvania, j
asking the adoption of measures for the settlement
of international controversies; which was referred '
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial, very nu- j
merously signed Hp citizens of St. Louis county,
in the State of Missouri, asking that a grant of
land may be made to the Pacific railroad company;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
I Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
I of publishers of periodicals in the city of New
i York, asking a reduction of the rates of postage
on the same; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a me-
morial from officers of the United States Army,
stationed at Los Vegas, and a memorial from offi-
cers stationed at Santa Fe, in the Territory of
New Mexico, asking additional compensation for
themselves and the troops serving under them, on
account of the extraordinary expenses of living;
both of which memorials were refeered to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the Bunker Hill Monument Associa-
tion, asking an appropriation for the erection of a
monument to the memory of General Warren,
reported against printing the same; which was j
agreed to. |
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi- i
I nance, to which was referred the memorial of
i John M. Sewall, asking an appropriation to fulfill
\ an Indian treaty, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which i
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was ;
referred the petition of Tobias Carrington, a !
clerk in the office of the Second Comptroller, ask- ,
ing an increase of compensation, asked to be dis- |
charged from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee of Claims;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of Tuckerton,
New Jersey, asking for an appropriation for the
Washington Monument, now m course of erection
at Washington, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be j
referred to the Committee on the Library; which l
was agreed to. {
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of the Wilmington
and Manchester Railroad Company, reported back
the same without amendment, with a recommen-
dation that it do not pass.
t Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of the East Tennessee
and Georgia Railroad Company, reported back
; the same without amendment, with a recom-
: mendation that it do not pass.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolu-
tions; which lie over one day under the rule:
i Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amending
i the existing laws as to authorize the President of the Uni-
' ted States to expose to sale all lands which are reserved for
[ the use of military posts or the Indian agencies.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
military road from Fort Clark, on the Ligara Fork of the
Des Moines, to Dubuque, on the Mississippi river; and
that the Secretary of War be directed to lay before the Sen-
ate all communications on the files of the War Department
relating to this subject.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Senate Chamber during the sessions
of Congress, while the Senate is not actually in session,
shall be under the control and direction of the Sergeant-at-
Arms.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for the
payment into the Treasury of tha United States of all monevs
received by any officer of the Army or Navy of the United
States, or by any person under the authority of such officer
or officers, for duties on goods imported into California
prior to the 12th day of November, 1849; and al*o of all
military contributions not hitherto provided by law to ba
paid into the Treasury of the United States ; and also fortlie
allowances of all further expenditures made by said officers
or persons, and for the settlement of their accounts.
Mr. DOWNS offered the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate a copy of the report recently made by a
corps of topographical engineers on the inundations of the
Lower Mississippi.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
Proceeded to consider the joint resolution from the
louse of Representatives explanatory of the act
approved September 28, 1850, entitled " An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States," and on his motion the
resolution was made the special order for Friday
next.
Mr. HAMLIN gave notice that when the reso-
lution came up for consideration, he should move
the following amendment; which, on his motion,
was ordered to be printed:
" And be it farther resolved, That in all cases where the
militia or volunteers were called out under the laws or ex-
ecutive authority of any State, and who served in defence
of the country, and whose services have been recognized
and paid by the United States Government, shall be con-
sidered as having been in the service of the United States,
and shall be entitled to the benefit of the act to which these
resolutions are explanatory."
Mr. JONES also gave notice that when the res-
olution came up he would move the following
amendment; which, on his motion, was ordered
to be printed:
" And he it further resolved, That the registers and re-
ceivers of the United States land offices shall hereafter be
severally authorized to charge and receive, for their servi-
ces in locating bounty land warrants, the same rate of com-
pensation or per centage to which they are entitled by law
for sales of the public lands for cash, at the rate of one dol-
lar and twenty five cents per acre; the said compensation
tp be hereafter paid by the assignees or holders of such
warrants, in all cases where the same have been transferred
by the soldier or his legal or personal representative, under
the provisions of the acts of Congreos, and the regulations
of the General Land Office on that subject, and to be paid
out of the Trea-ury of the United States, upon the adjust-
ment of the accounts of such officers, where it shall be
shown to the satisfaction of the General Land Office that
the same was located by the soldieror warrantee, or in case
of his death his next of kin, as provided by the acts of
Congress aforesaid.
u And be it further resolved, That the said officers,
whether in or out office at the passage of this act, or their
legal or personal representatives, in case of their death, shall
be entitled to receive from the Treasury of the United
States, fi>r similar services heretofore performed in such
cases, an amount equal to the compensation provided for
by the first section of this act, after deducting the amount
already received by such officers, under the act entitled
' An act to require the holders of military land warrants to
