240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11
cuBMMtte Um> tend the United SUM* fbrser ,
vice* in relUKm to the location of those warrants,' ap ,
proved Mav Mvrnieeutti, eighteen hundred and forty-tight:
pnrlM, That no register or receiver shall irceivc any
i ii i|i(«nti ~i out of the Treasury of the Ignited State* for
« fgrMvrt «Ih> has charged and received illegal or exor- !
iMtaat !<*• >'<x the location of such warrants."
MILITARY RESERVE IN MINNESOTA.
Oh motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
reeded to the consideration of Senate bill No. 138,
being the bill to reduce and define the boundaries
of the military reserve at the St. Peter's river, in
the Territory of Minnesota, and to secure the
rights of the actual settlers thereon.
Mr. SHIELDS moved to strike out the fourth
section, as amended by the Committee on the
Public Lands, and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing, which was agreed to:
" Sac. 4. JtndU it further enacted, Tli*t every settler or
occupant ou that pan of said reserve now authorized to be
sold, who was in possesion or cultivating an >• part thereof
since the 1st day of June last, by authority or permission of
the Secretary of War, or the commanding officer at Fort
Snelling, shall be, ami hereby is, authorised to enter by le-
gal subdivisions any number of acres not more than one
hundred and sixty, or a quarter section, to include his im-
provements, upon proving such facts to the satisfaction of
the land officers of the district, under such rules and regu-
lations as may be prescribed for that purpose by the Com-
mi-srioaer of the General Land Office, and paying to the
United States the minimum price of said land."
Other verbal amendments were also made, the
bill was reported to the Senate, and the amend-
ments concurred in, and the bill M as ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
CIRCUIT COURTS IN IOWA.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of bill No. 106, being the bill
to amend the act entitled " An act to amend the
act entitled 'An act supplemental to the act for the 1
admission of Iowa and Florida into the Union.' " |
The biD, which simply changes the time of hold-
ing the courts in Iowa, having been amended, was i
reported to the Senate, and the amendments having
been concurred in, it was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 85, to cede the public lauds of the
United States to the States respectively in which
they are situated, on condition that the said States
shall severally grant and convey the said lands to
actual occupants rally, in limited quantities, for
cost of survey, transfer, and title muniments
merely.
Mr. FELCH resumed and concluded the speech
which he commenced yesterday, of which a report
will be found in the Appendix. '
Mr. WALKER next addressed the Senate; but,
without concluding, gave way for a motion to ad-
journ. i
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
o urned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 15, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GILBERT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, to create a board of com-
missioners to examine the claims against the Uni-
ted State* arising out of the conquest of Cali-
fornia.
Objection was made by Mr. Cartter, and the
bill was not introduced.
CHEAP POSTAGE. !
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved* itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, i
(Mr. Btrsr in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order—the cheap postage
bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question im-
mediately pending w  the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Browk,] as amended,
for the first section of the original bill.
It was read as follows:
" Bee. 1. Be it enacted, 4 c., That from and after the thir-
tieth day of June, 1851, letters carried in the mail of the
United States shall be charged with the following rates of
postage: On all letters not exceeding half an ounce in
weight three cents, and for every additional half ounee
or fraction thereof, there shall be charged the like sum of
three cents additional,and all drop letters two cents."
" That there shall be charged upon each unpaid letter
weighing not more than half an ounce five cents, and for
each additional half ounce or fraction of a half ounce, when
not so prepaid, the sum of five cents:
" Prodded, That no post office now In existence shall be
discontinued, nor shall the mail service on any mail route
in any of the States or Territories be discontinued or di-
minished in consequence of any diminution of the revenue*
that inav result from this act: Jind provided, further, That
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish
new post offices anil place the mail service on new mail
routes established, or that uiay hereafter be established, m
the same manner us though this aet had not been passed:
nd prprided, further. That the compensation of no post-
master shall ble' diminished ill consequence of the passage
of this act."
The CHAIRMAN stated that upon this ques-
tion tellers had been ordered; and Messrs. Yocjcg
and Ashmcn were appointed.
Mr. JONES asked whether it would be in or-
der to have the amendment as amended again read,
that gentlemen might know what they were voting
upon?
Mr. ASHMUN said it appeared to him that
the amendment proposed was precisely similar to
the original bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, inquired whether
it was in order to amend the original bill by mo-
ving to strike out " three" wherever it occurs and
insert "five?"
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not in
order, that proposition having l>een already acted
upon by the committee.
Mr. MEADE said: I rise, Mr. Chairman, to a
question of order. It seems to me extremely use-
less that we should be voting now upon an amend-
ment which is equivalent to the first section of the
original bill, which I understand the chairman of
the Post Office Committee to say. If it be so, it
seems to me at least a very silly thing that we
should be called upon now to vote for or against
what is nothing more nor less than a part of the
original bill.
Mr. ASHMUN stated that all he wanted was
! for the committee to decide against the amend-
ment. There was not any need to raise a point of
; order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
' Virginia [Mr. Meade] insist mion his point of
order ? 9
Mr. MEADE said he did.
The CHAIRMAN said it was not competent for
the Chair to rule the amendment out of order for
the reasons given by the gentleman from Virginia.
The amendment, as the Chair understood it, con-
tained other matter than that contained in the
clause of the original bill. The Chair had gteat
satisfaction in stating that the Chair was not re-
{ sponsible for the inconsistencies of gentlemen's
1 amendments, and it was for the committee to de-
cide as to whether or not an amendment be silly
and unworthy of being voted upon. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, inquired if it would
be in order to have the provision of the original
bill, to which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Ashmun] had referred, read, so that the
committee might judge if the words of the amend-
ment and bill were precisely similar? He desired
to vote understanding^ upon the subject.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, asked the Chair
whether the question on the amendment was in
order?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If it be reported to
the House we can then act intelligently.
The CHAIRMAN thought it was not unreas-
onable that the gentleman from Alabama should
wish the section of the bill to be reported.
Mr. COBB wished it to be read, simply for in-
1 formation.
The first section of the original bill was then
read by the Clerk, as follows:
SbO. 1. Be it enacted, 4'c., That letters carried in the
mail of the United States shall be charged with postage as
follows:
Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce when
postage is paid where such letter is mailed three cents; and
for each additional half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce,
when so prepaid, there shall be charged three cents. There
shall be charged upon each unpaid letter weighing not
more than one half ounce five cents, and for each additional
half ounce, or fraction of half an ounce, when so unpaid,
the sum of five cents:
Provided, That no post office now 111 existence shall be
' discontinued, nor shaH the mail service on any mail route
in any of the States or Territories be discontinued or di-
minished in consequence of any diminution of the revenues
that may result from this act: Jlnd provided, further, That
, it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish
. new post offices and place the mail service on new mail
; routes established, or that may hereafter be established, in
the same manner as though this act had not been passed :
And provided, further, That the compensation of no post-
master all all be diminished in consequence of tho parage of
this aet.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Brown, as amended, and decided in the
negatix e.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I beg leave to offer
! the following amendment. To strike out all after
the word " follows," in the fourth line of the first
| section, and insert the following:
Upou all letters nut weighing more than one half of an
| ounce, when conveyed 111 the mail not exceeding three
hundred miles, three cents, and for each additional half
ounce, or fraction thereof, three cents. And for every let-
ter conveyed in the mail for any distance over three hun-
dred miles, weighing not more than one half ounce, live
cents,and for each additional hall ounce, or fraction there-
of. live ecnts; and 011 all drop letters two cents.
Mr. B. said: My amendment differs from the
first section of the original hill in this respect, that
it makes a distinction according to distance. It
provides that on all letters conveyed not exceed-
ing three hundred miles, the postage shall be three
cents, and on all letters conveyed out that dis-
; tance five cents. It makes no pro\ision lor pre-
payment. This amendment meets the argument
of gentlemen in opposition to the bill, that by-
making five cents the postage for all short dis-
tances^ it will hold out no inducement to increase
; the correspondence through the mails. I am
i; not prepared to say that their argument is not
true. It may be, but what if it is, true ? It
seems to me that this amendment fully meets the
objection, because the correspondence between the-
great cities—between New York and Boston,
New York and Philadelphia, Philadelphia and
Baltimore, and between all important commercial
points—is all carried within the distance of three
hundred miles. The three-cent rate, therefore,
holds ^ut the greatest possible inducement for all
i correspondence between those cities to be thrown
into tne mail, and will thus break up the private
expresses. I introduce this amendment with the
. view of taking the sense of the House upon the
question involved in it.
j Mr. POTTER. The question of adopting dif-
; ferent rates of postage for different distances, has
| been discussed in the committee, and voted upon.
I hardly think it necessary to say anything more
to the committee on that subject. I have said be-
fore, that if the actual expense of carrying letters
over three hundred miles could be ascertained, I
would be willing that the difference should be added
to the postage of letters, but it is almost impossi-
ble to estimate what the difference in the expense
would be. I think, also, that the committee is
against any distinction of that sort. As I have
said before, we want a simple uniform rate,
whether three cents or five cents for all distances.
The accounts can then be much more readily man-
aged, and the returns made up much more easily,
and everything in the Department will be simpli-
fied. It seems to me that it is hardly necessary
to delay the committee any further, and I shall not
do it.
I Mr. FOWLER. If it is in order, I wish to
I move to amend the amendment so as to make it
j read three cents for all distances. It seems to me
I that the proper principle is to have the same rate
of postage for all distances, and it is with that view
that I make the motion to amend. Now, sir, it has
been inquired, can we carry a letter one thousand
; miles as cheaply as we can carry one ten miles? I
| answer, no; and I am willingto take this as an illur-
j tration: Suppose it costs $6 to carry a barrel of flour
1 from Boston to St. Louis—a barrel of flour weighs
j about two hundred pounds—how many half
1 ounces is that? Why, six thousand four hundred
J half ounces. Well, the carriage of half an ounce
I of flour from Boston to St. Louis costs one mill,
or hardly one mill. Now, if you can carry mail
matter as cheaply as merchandise is carried, you
must calculate a letter to be carried for one mill.
Cannot we carry mail matter as cheap ns mer-
chants can carry merchandise? Certainly we
can. The difference in the cost between carrying
letters ten miles, and carrying them one thousand
at the rate of $6 per hundred weight, is only one
mill. I say, with the chairman of the committee,
that if you can ascertain the difference of cost be-
tween the cost of carrying a letter a short distance
and a long one, I would be willing to add that to
the postage. But that we cannot do. Now the
difference is so small, that let us make the rates
equal for all the distances. I think most certainly
that this is the true doctrine which should govern
our action in this matter.
