THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31it Comuti, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 17. 1851.
New Series— No. 16
The question was then taken upon Mr. Fow-
ler's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to. The question then recurred on the
amendment offered by Mr. Brown, of Indiana.
Mr. BROWN demanded tellers.
And they were ordered; and Mr Bocock and
Mr. Calvin were appointed.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, wished to
suggest to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Brown,] that if his amendment was adopted, it :
would cut off the amendment offered by him [Mr.
Caldwell] to the first section of the bill, which i
had been adopted yesterday. '
Mr. BROWN. Then I will accept the gentle-
man's amendment as a modification of my own. '
Mr. CALDWELL. The gentleman from In-
diana can offer his amendment as a substitute for •
that portion of the section which precedes my j
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Very well, sir; I will do that, j
I offer my amendment as a substitute for that por- [
tion of the first section of the bill which precedes
the amendment which was adopted yesterday on
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Caldwell.]
The question on Mr. Brown's amendment was
then taken by tellers, and decided in the negative
—ayes 51, noes 72.
Mr. DIMMICK offered the following amend-
ment as a substitute for the first section of the
original bill:
" That on all letters transmitted by mail not weighing
over one half ounce, there shall be charged three cents pos-
tage fpr any distance less than five hundred miles ; over
five hundred miles, and less than one thousand miles, five
cents; and over one thousand miles, ten cents ; and for
every additional half ounce or fractional part thereof, the
further sum of three, five, or ten cents, according to the
above-mentioned distances."
Mr. DIMMICK called for tellers.
They were ordered, and Mr. Fcller and Mr.
Brooks were appointed.
The question wis taken on the amendment,
and decided in the negative—ayes 38, noes not
counted.
Mr. POTTER. I had proposed a substitute
for the whole bill; but as there seeins to be a diffi-
culty in getting by the first section, I will now
offer the first section of my substitute as a substi-
tute for the first section of the bill now under con-
sideration.
I move to strike out the first section of the bill,
and insert what I send to the Clerk's desk.
It was read as follows:
That from and after the 30th day of June, 1851, all letters
carried in the mail shall be charged with postage as follows:
Upon each letter not weighing over one half ounce, three
cents; and for each additional half ounce, or fraction of
an ounce, three cents: Provided, That no post office now
in existence shall be discontinued, nor shall the mail ser-
vice on any mail route in any of the States or Territories be
discontinued or diminished in consequence of any diminu-
tion of the revenue that may result from this act: And pro-
vided, further, That it shall be the duty of the Postmaster
General to establish new post offices and place the mail
service on new mail routes established, or that may here-
after be established, in the same manner as though this act
haul not been passed: Jlnd provided, further, That the com-
pensation of no postmaster shall be diminished in conse-
quence of the passage of this act.
Mr. POTTER. I propose now to add, as a
modification to my amendment, the proposition
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Caldwell,] which was adopted yesterday: that
no reduction of the mail service shall be made on
account of this change in the rates of postage, and
no reduction in the number of post offices; but
that the Department shall be carried on as if there
was abundant revenue derived from the postage.
I am satisfied that a uniform rate of three cents,
whether prepaid or unpaid, meets the approbation
of a majority of the members of this committee;
and I hope, therefore, my amendment will be
adopted without further delay.
Mr. FEATHERSTON inquired if it was in
order to amend the substitute of the gentleman
from Ohio before the vote was taken ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was in order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON would then propose to
amend the amendment, by adding the following:
16
Provided, further, That "whenever the postmasters on
any route established by law shall certify, under oath, to the
Postmaster General, that ait increase of service, or a higher
grade of service, is necessary ou such route for the convey-
ance of the mail without delay or detention, it shall be his
duty to increase or raise the grade of service on such route
according to the testimony of the postmasters thereon so
filed with the Department.
.Mr. TAYLOR rose and said: I do not rise to
ask the attention of the committee for a few mo-
ments so much for the purpose of opposing the
amendment to the amendment now pending, as in
order to say a few words in opposition to any
amendment, either by way of substitute or modi-
fication, to the section of the bill as originally re-
ported by the Post Office Committee. I confess
that I have not been convinced by the arguments
which have been advanced by gentlemen to induce
us to adopt discriminating rates of postage; as, for
instance, that the rate shall be three cents for let-
ters carried less than three hundred miles, and five
cents for those carried less than five hundred miles,
and so on. I see no propriety in such a discrim-
ination in the arrangement of the rates of postage
in the United States. It is invidious and unjust,
and one that, in my opinion, will not bear equally
upon alLthe people of the United States. For one,
I am not willing to impose a higher rate of post-
age upon the people of the United States who
live west of the Rocky Mountains, or west of
the Mississippi, or even west of the Alleghanies,
than upon those who happen to live east, in a
country affording more facilities and better oppor-
tunities for the interchange of commercial and ;
social relations with each other.
Besides, sir, if I understand this question con- |
nected with the Post Office Department, it is one !
of great magnitude, and raises itself up, in some •
degree, with the transportation of our mails by j
ocean steamers across the Atlantic and to our
southwest possessions. I will state, that about one
million of dollars is annually paid out of the
Treasury of the United States, under the postal
arrangements of the country, to keep up commer-
cial relations with Europe, with California, and
with South America. It is a general tax out of
the Treasury of the United States, and now you
art proposing to discriminate against the people of
the United States who live a little remote from the
eastern seaboard, by taxing them with higher rates
of postage. I say it is unjust; for if you aid the
commercial facilities between this country and for-
eign nations, you aid, in some degree, if not ex-
clusively, those who live upon the Atlantic sea-
! board, and carry on commercial relations with
foreign nations, and you do it by a direct appro-
priation out of the Treasury. Why, then, dis-
criminate against a portion of our own people,
who live remote from the great cities of the Union?
I desire to do equal justice as far as I can. I ad-
mit that it is impossible to regulate the rates of
postage so as to do exact and equal justice to all,
but 1 believe that the first section of tis bill, ash
reported by the Post Office Committee, which pro-
vides for a rate of three cents on prepaid letters,
and five cents on unpaid letters, would operate
equally on all parts of the country, and approxi-
mate as nlarly to equality and exact justice, as
any plan*which we can adopt.
Now, sir, to whom are we to look for informa-
tion upon this great question of Post Office reform ?
Why, to the Postmaster General of the United
States, who states that the revenues of the De-
partment exceed the expenditures by about
£300,000 annually. We are called upon to reduce
the rates of postage, and I am in favor of that
measure. But, sir, it is recommended by that
distinguished officer who it is supposed ought to
be thoroughly acquainted with the means of ob-
taining the necessary revenue for the Department,
that we should reduce the rates of postage to three
cents if prepaid, and five cents if unpaid. The
President of the United States indorses that rec-
ommendation. He says it is a great experiment,
and that in the course of time we may be able to
reduce the postage to two cents instead of the five
and ten cents which are now charged. Let us
take this great step recommended by the executive
officers of the Government. Let us, as was very
properly said by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr, McLean,] adopt this recommendation of the
Administration. I appeal to gentlemen on this
side of the House, whether they cannot confide
in their own executive officers, and believe that a
rate of three cents on prepaid letters and five cents
on unpaid, will sustain the Department. I believe
that it will.
[The Chairman's hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Feath-
erston's amendment to the substitute, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. FEATHERSTON inquired if it would not
be in order to move a further amendment to the
substitute of the gentleman from Ohio, by striking
out the words " three cents," and inserting the
words " five cents?"
The CHAIRMAN said that that proposition
having been already acted upon, it was not in
order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said that it had nat been
acted on in connection with this substitute.
! The CHAIRMAN replied, that in the opinion
of the Chair the amendment was not in order.
Tellers were called for and ordered on Mr Pot-
' ter's amendment, and Mr. Fowler and Mr. Har-
lan were appointed.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend the amend-
j ment so as to provide that three cents shall be
charged for letters carried less than three hundred
• miles.
Mr. K. continued as follows: I hope that the
! amendment which I have offered will be adopted,
and that if it is adopted, an additional amendment
j will be offered providing^kat upon all letters car-
j ried over three hundred miies the postage shall be
five cents. That is the proposition which has
been at different times offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Brown,]and I think it is per-
haps the best proposition that has been offered
here. I have always been in favor of a uniform
rate of five cents, but I am free to admit that I be-
lieve a rate of three cents on letters carried less
than three hundred miles, and five cents on those
carried beyond that distance, will bring in more
revenue to the Department than would a uniform
rate of five cents; though a uniform rate would be
more convenient, as it would simplify the accounts
•of the Department.
,, The great advantage in having a distinction in
favor of letters carried less than three hundred
miles, arises from the fact that the largest amount
of the revenue of the Department is derived from
the postage upon letters carried less than three
hundred miles. If we merely reduce the postage
upon letters to a uniform rate of five cents, it will
be no reduction at all on four fifths of the postage
of the country, and it will be no settlement of the
question. Persons who are in favor of reducing
the rates of postage will continue to agitate the
; question. But if you reduce the rates to three
cents on all letters carried less three hundred
miles, and five cents on all those carried over three
i hundred miles, it will be a reduction upon all
! the letters sent through the post office, and theim-
! mense number of letters now sent by private ex-
presses will, I have no doubt, pass through the
post offices of the country. The number of letters
will also be greatly increased.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment which I
! have offered will be adopted; and if it shall meet
| with the approval of a majority of the committee,
1 will then move that all letters carried over three
i hundred miles shall pay five cents. I ask for tell-
ers on the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question being then taken on Mr. Kauf-
man's amendment, it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Potter'i
amendment.
Mr. MEADE. 1 desire, sir, to test the sense
of the committee upon a distinct proposition, to
ascertain whether it will favor a uniform rate of
postage of five cents, or less. I therefore rise for
the purpose of offering an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
