1851.
THfe CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
243
under existing law, and establish, a less expensive 'l
mode of conveyance. !!
It is important, therefore, that this amendment, I
intended merely to take away from the Postmaster 1
General this discretionary power, should be adopt- (
ed, and thus to prevent a diminution of mail ser- '
vice to sparsely-populated regions of country,
should the diminished revenue, under the thn-e
cent rate require it. It may be said, no Post-
master General would undertake to reduce these
facilities. It might be so; but he certainly has the
power, as Postmaster General of the United States,
whether discretionary or otherwise, and might be
inclined to exercise it to save the Department from
a deficit. 1
Again, sir: those postmasters who reside on the
routes, have the means of knowing whether or not
the facilities existing on such routes are adequate
to the wants of the people living along them—
whether the mail can be carried without delay by
that kind of mail service which the Postmaster
General has adopted. _ Having these means of in-
formation, I say, the postmasters are better pre-
pared to decide in relation to the mail facilities
that are needed on those routes than is the Post-
master General, who is, perhaps, hundreds of
miles from the sections where they are located. I
am willing to trust this matter to their judgment.
But it is not proposed that this matter of establish-
ing new mail facilities shall be decided by them,
but by the Postmaster General himself, upon such
information as the postmasters shall lay before
him under oath. I suppose the Postmaster Gen- |
eral cannot object to this limited check upon his
discretionary power. I suppose the Postmaster
General, or any other officer of this Government,
would be willing to have his duties expressly de-
fined by law, even at the expense of his discre-
tionary power, because in defining this power
by law, all cause of complaint against him will be
removed. I am satisfied that any officer of the
Government will desire to have his duties clearly
defined, rather than to have a large discretionary
power placed in his hands, in the exercise of
which, more or less complaint must arise. 1
Now, sir, if those geVitlemen are sincere in their
declarations, that a reduction of postage to a uni-
form rate of three cents "will have the effect of in-
creasing the revenue of this Department, they
certainly can have no objection to adopting the
amendment I have offered. If they are sincere in
declaring that they do not desire a diminution of
the mail facilities in any part of the country, they
can have no objection to a proposition of this kind.
It does not conflict in any manner with their
schemes of policy, and as I have offered it to test
their sincerity in the assertions they have mad
[Here the hammer fell.].
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, I am o
to the amendment of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Featherston.] It seems to me, if I
heard it read correctly, its object is not only to
take from the Postmaster General his discretion in
establishing new mail facilities, but to take from
him his discretion, and transfer it to the local post-
masters. Now, sir, it is very easy for two or
three postmasters, inhabiting a country, or per-
haps only the principal taverns in the villages, to
agree to demand from the Postmaster General the
establishment of a line of coaches to take the mail
bag, no larger than a lawyer's satchell.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] certainly does not under-
stand the amendment I have offered. It does not
allow two or three postmasters in a country vil-
lage to demand of the Postmaster General an in-
crease of mail service, but expressly provides that
all the postmasters on the route shall concur in
the requisition. They are to certify, under Oath,
that an increase of mail service is necessary for
the transportation of the mail without delay.
Mr. MEADE. I understand the gentleman
perfectly, but that does not do away with my ob-
jection. Some routes are very short, and two or
three postmasters will comprise the whole number
on those routes. However, there must be a dis-
cretion resting somewhere, and it is my opinion
that that discretion properly belongs to the Gen-
eral Department, rather than to the local postmas-
ters, scattered over the country.
I am unwilling, Mr. Chairman. this amendment
should be attached to my amendment, because it
Wfll hinder the passage of that amendment. But
there are other reasons why I shall oppose the
adoption of this amendment. I consider my ;
amendment one of considerable importance to the
people of my own section of country. There is
now a route running upon a line of railroad
through my own town to Petersburg, upon which
there is not a post office for more than twenty
miles. This is an* abuse, a grievance which I
seek to correct. It is one which my constituents
feel deeply. Application was made by the citi-
zens residing in that vicinity a year or two ago, to
the Postmaster General for an increase of facilities
on this rofite, but that application was refused.
Now, sii,I would require the Postmaster General, *
when application is made in the way I have speci-
fied, where the distance is more than twenty miles
between two post offices, to establish a new post
office. It will cost the Department little or noth-
ing, for the office is to be established upon a route
where the mail is already running, and it will only
require the carrier to drop the mail-bag at the of- i
fice. I think it is not unreasonable that such a
provision should be adopted. The amendment is
not one that is calculated to embarrass the bill upon
its final passage, but rather to commend it to the
favorable consideration of the committee. If the
bill should be adopted, few of us can object to
such a feature in it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Featherston to the amendment,
and it was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Meade, it was put, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the second section of the
bill, as a substitute for it:
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, There shall be charged
upon each newsnaper, pamphlet, periodical, magazine, J
book, and every other description of printed matter, which
shall be unconnected with any manuscript or written mat-
ter, and which it may be lawful to transmit through the
mail, of no greater weight than two ounces, one cent; and
for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, one eent.
Bound books, not weighing over thirty ounces, shall be
deemed mailable matter under the provisions of this section: !
Provided, That newspapers delivered in the State where !
printed, shall be chargeable with only one half the foregoing
rates.
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend the amend- '
ment by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That no postage' shall be charged upon any
newspaper mailed and delivered within the county where
published; or within thirty miles of the place of publication.
Mr. McKISSOCK. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
kpow whether it would be in order to offer an
amendment to the first section of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The first section of the bill
has already been voted on, and the committee have
passed to^the consideration of the second section.
It therefore will not be in order to offer an amend-
ment to the first section.
Mr. McKISSOCK. I wish to say to the com-
mittee that it was my intention to have offered an
amendment to the first section of the bill while it
was before the committee. I rose to offer my
amendment at that time, but the Chair failed to
perceive me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not perceive !
the gentleman from New York, or he would have
been recognized.
Mr. McKISSOCK. There was no annuncia-
tion that I heard that the committee would proceed
to the consideration of the second section of the
bill. I supposed the first section was still before the .
committee when I rose to offer my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regrets that he 1
did not perceive the gentleman from New York in
time to have recognized him, but the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] has 1
been adopted by the committee as a substitute for
the first section of the bill, and it would not be ,
allowable now to return to it, nor would it be in
order to amend it. The question now before the ,
committee is on the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to the amendment of j
his colleague [Mr. Potter.] i
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cartter, and it was agreed to. j
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, I move to strike out all after the word
"that" in the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] and insert as fol-
lows:
" Newspapers sent to subscribers from the office of pub- '
lication may be conveyed free of postage within the qoun-
ty in which said newspaper is published, or to any post '
office within the State where the distance by the nearest i
mail route dofs not exceed thirty miles. All newspapers
published within the State where the subscriber resides or
receives his paper, except as above provided, or if pub-
lished in another State, at no greater distance than fitty
miles from the subscriber's post office, and sent from the
office of publication, shall be charged for by the quarter, to
he paid in advance, the following rates : If weekly ten
cents, semi weekly twenty cents, tri weekly thirty cents,
six times a week sixty cents, and if less frequent or ottener
in the same proportion ; all newspapers published in another
State, and at a greater distance t'-ian fifty miles from the
subscriberpost office, and sent from the office of publica-
tion, shall be charged for by the quarter, to he paid m ad-
vance, the following rates • I!" wecklv fifteen cents, semi-
weekly thirty cents, tri-weekly Corn five cents, six times a
week ninety cents, and if less frequent or oftener in the
same proportion; all transient newspapers or newspapers
sent to persons who are not subscribers shall be charged
with two cents each, to be paid in advance: Provided, /ij>r-
crcr. That editors of newspapers or magazines published
periodically may receive in exchange, free of postage, one
copy of any other newspaper or magazine for each exchange
sent by them; and that each handbill, circular, or-printed
letter, shall be charged with two cents postage, if unsealed,
to be paid in advance, and if sealed with letter postage at tile
rates hereinbefore provided; each pamphlet shall be charged
with postage at the rate of one cent for each ounce ; and
bound books not exceeding thirty two ounces in weight
may be sent in the mails, and shall be charged with pam-
phlet postage."
Mr. S. continued. Mr. Chairman, one of the
great difficulties I have had, in reference to this
whole matter of cheap postage, and which has in-
duced me, on all occasions, to vote against a reduc-
' tion of postage on letters to a rate less than, five
cents, has been the difficulty that exists in the State
I have the honor to represent, (Kentucky,) as well
as in many other States of thi;s Union, in procuring
the small coin that would be necessary to use in the
Post Office, if a rate less than five cents were to
be adopted. The smallest coin which has yet
found its way into the State of Kentucky is five
cents. Our people have not yet become accus-
tomed to the use of the copper coin, and it is very
doubtful whether they will ever become accus-
tomed to its use. If you were to authorize the
coinage of the miserable little affair exhibited
here by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown]
a day or two since—a three cent coin—it never can
come into general use in the State of Kentucky.
Now, sir, there is a great imposition practiced
upon the people of Kentucky, in collecting post-
age on newspapers under the present system. We
are required by the Department to pay the post-
i age on newspapers at the commencement of every
j quarter. The postage is calculated at so much
! per quarter. The postage on a certain class of
weeklies amounts to thirteen cents per quarter;
now we are obliged to give them fifteen cents, be-
cause we have no coin which will come nearer
than that; we are required to make payment in
. advance, and the result is, that the postmaster
j pockets two cents from every subscriber. So it is
j with regard to the other class of newspapers, on
which one and a half cents postage are charged.
The postage amounts to nineteen cents per quar-
ter. The subscriber cannot pay nineteen cents,
so he is obliged to pay twenty cents, and the post-
master pockets the extra cent. My object in of-
fering this amendment is chiefly to obviate this
difficulty. But there are other reasons. It seems
to me it will relieve the postmasters of a great
amount of their labor and consequently will save the
country a considerable amount in the compensa-
tion of postmasters. The number of clerks also
employed in the different post offices will be less
because there will be less labor to be performed.
Mr. Chairman, I hope the amendment I have of-
fered will be adopted.
The question then being taken on the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Stanton] it was rejected.
Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Chairman, I propose
to offer an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] to come in
after the word " printed," in the proviso providing
• for one half postage on papers delivered in the
State where printed.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of a free circula-
tion of newspapers, as I have before stated to this
committee. I am in favor of it because it will
benefit the country newspapers, and benefit the
city newspapers also. But, sir, I shall not be en-
tirely satisfied without some small charge is made
as a compensation to the postmasters for their
trouble in taking care of the newspapers find de-
livering them. It will be a benefit to the country
post offices, instead of impoverishing them. It
will be a benefit to the Department, and at the same
L time it will be a fair compensation to the postmas-
