848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15
honorable Senator of Pennsylvania, to whom I
have submitted the petition, that the petitioners
are among the most respectable people of that part
of the State, and that one of them is a relative of
a man who was a candidate forGovernor! [Laugh-
ter.] These petitioners pray that you will imme-
diately repeal an act of Congress—and they apply
no adjectives to the act; they do not denounce it'
as unjust or infamous—approved on the 18th of
September, 1850, for the recapture of fugitives
from slavery.
I should nave been content to have presented
this petition, and to have let it quietly go to that
Bleep to which every such petition, from the com-
mencement of the Government to the present time,
has gone, without any remarks or any comments
from myself, had not the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania a few days since set the example by
expressing his opinion upon the course that Con-
gress ought to pursue upon such a measure. And,
strengthened in the impressions which I received
from such an example by the distinguished prece-
dent which has just been set us by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, I hope I shall be par-
doned if I, at the present time, seize this oppor-
tunity to make one or two remarks relative to this
great matter. I begin by following the example
of my friend from Pennsylvania, in expressing
my opinion of what Congress ought to do. I be-
lieve that Congress ought at once to repeal or es-
sentially modify that law. I believe the law is a
reproach to the civilization of the age, and a per-
fect parody on the Constitution. These are my
opinions.
Mr. FOOTE. I call the Senator to order. He
has no right to use the language which has just
escaped his lips in regard to a recent act of Con-
gressional legislation. 1 do not raise the point of
order out of any personal disrespect to the honor-
able Senator, but because 1 think the language he
has used is unparliamentary.
Mr. HALE. I wish to make a suggestion as
to the point of order. I have not the rule before
me, but I understand it to be that when a member
means to move the repeal ofan act, he has a right
to characterize the act as he chooses, but not re-
flect upon the motives of those who passed it. 1
was characterizing the act, and did not refer to the
motives of those who passed that act.
Mr. RUSK. One word as to the rule. The
morning hour is continually taken up by discus-
sions on the merits of questions. I understand
the rule to be that a gentleman presenting a peti-
tion may state in general terms what the petition
contains; but I do not understand that a gentleman
has any right to discuss the merits of any propo-
sition contained in a petition.
The PRESIDENT. When a question of order
is raised, no debate is in order until after the de-
cision of the Chair has been announced, and an
appeal from that decision has been taken, if one
■hall be taken. The Chair understands the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to make a point of order as
to the terms used by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. With respect to that, strictly speaking,
it cannot be said to be out of order. The Senator
has a right to characterize any act which has been
passed; but if he uses any terms of reproach to
the body, it will be in their power at all times to
censure him for doing so.
With regard to the general remarks in which
Senators indulge when presenting petitions, the
Senator from Texas is perfectly correct. The
Chair has tolerated it this session to an extent
perhaps never known before. The rule requires
that a Senator when presenting a petition shall
" make a brief statement of the contents" of it.
The Chair would express the hope that in future
Senators will confine themselves to stating the sub-
stance of the petitions which they present. That
is in order. Any remarks beyond that are not in
order.
•Mr. FOOTE. Dp I understand the Chair to'
decide that the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire was out of order in usinjj the terms
which he uttered just now in denunciation of an
existing act of Congress which was passed at the
•last session ?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. FOOTE. Then the Senator may proceed,
and abuse our legislation as much as he pleases.
Mr. HALE. I can assure the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi that I will stop a thousand
miles short of the remarks he made m reference to
the action of this body in relation to the public
printing at the last session.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) Then I was very
wrong. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I will stop a great way short of
that. I can assure the honorable Senator that I
did not mean on this occasion, as I do not mean
on any occasion, to introduce any agitating sub-
ject. I tliink the Chair and the whole Senate will
do me the credit to say that my course in the Sen-
ate has always been defensive, and not aggressive
in any single case. I was simply stating what I
thought ought to be done in regard to the object >
for which this petition prays. j
A word more in regard to the general subject,
touched upon so eloquently by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, ana I shall have done. I
think the Senator from Kentucky is totally and
entirely mistaken in the views he presents in re-
gard to the abolition of- the slave trade.
Mr. FOOTE. I call the gentleman to order.
He has no right to discuss the merits of the propo-
sition of the Senator from Kentucky on the peti-
tion which he has presented. He seems to be
going now into the general merits of the question
presented by the petitions which have been laid be-
fore us by the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
This is, I think, altogether out of order.
The PRESIDENT. It is very unpleasant for
the Chair to be under the necessity of calling gen-
tlemen to order when they wander from the sub-
ject before the Senate ana speak in violation of
the rules. The Chair will state again that on
several occasions during this session Senators have
taken the opportunity when presenting petitions to
make speeches on the general merits of the propo-
sitions involved. That is contrary to the rule. If
it is required by the Senate the Chair will enforce
the rule and confine Senators to a simple statement
of the contents of the memorial or paper which
they may present; and when they go beyond that
he will feel bound to call them to order.
Mr. HALE. I will not trespass on the atten-
tion of the Senate longer. I will simply remark,
that I am the occasion of always soliciting such a
tender regard for the rules. It is in order for
1 everybody else to travel over creation 
Mr. FOOTE. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT. What motion does the
Senator make?
Mr. HALE. I move to refer the petition to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I move to lay the petition
upon the table.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
laying the petition upon the table.
Mr. TURNEY. I wish, Mr. President, to say
one word upon that subject.
The PRESIDENT. It is not debatable.
Mr. TURNEY. I know it is not, but I hope I
may be allowed to say a word by unanimous con-
sent. Petitions of this description have during
the present session been presented and referred.
Mr. FOOTE. Wrongly so.
Mr. TURNEY. I see no reason why we should
depart from that practice in this case.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise for the purpose of in-
quiring what is the specific motion ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire presented a memorial, and moved to
refer it to the Judiciary Committee; the Senator
from Indiana moved to lay the memorial upon the
table, and the question is upon that motion. The
Secretary will call the roll. 4)
The roll was then called, but several Senators
present did not answer to their names.
Before the result was announced—
Mr. FOOTE rose find said: I do not wish to be
discourteous, but I rather think there are some
Senators in their seats who did not vote. I think
we have a rule which requires that every Senator
present shall vote. As this is a test question, I
desire that every Senator should vote, that we
may have a full expression of the sense of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. YULEE., If reference is made to me I will
say that I did not vote, and that I purposely ab-
stained from voting. My reasons I will explain to
piy constituents; it is not necessary to explain
them to this body.
The PRESIDENT." Senators are bound to
vote. [To the Secretary:] Call the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. YULEE. If there is a rule requiring me
to vote, I will vote in respect to the Senate, but I
wish to state why.
Mr. HALE. Order! order!
Mr. YULEE. There are resolutions pending
before the Legislature of Florida 
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. YULEE. Then I ask to be excused from
voting, and I wish to state my reasons.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator can only ask
to be excused from voting, but he cannot indulge
in any remarks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Has not the Sen-
ator a right to state his reasons ?
The PRESIDENT. Yes; succinctly and briefly.
Mr. YULEE. I do not think it of much con-
sequence whether I vote or not, but I will state
that the Legislature of Florida, which is now in
session, has before it resolutions, which I have
been informed are likely to pass, instructing the
Senators from that State n<y to vote on any ques-
tion touching the fugitive slave law; and, in def-
erence to that Legislature, though such instruc-
tions have not yet reached me, I take this course,
particularly as it conforms to my own view of
what is right and proper.
The PRESIDENT then put the question: Will
the Senate excuse the Senator from Florida ?
Before the decision was announced,
Mr. MANGUM. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Chair if this whole
proceeding is not informal and incorrect, accord-
ing to parliamentary law? As I understand the
parliamentary law, a member that desires to be
excused from voting must ask to be excused before
the voting commences. While the Senate is voting
no Senator has a right to interrupt the Senate for
the purpose of asking to be excused. It presents
this state of things: While we have a vote yet un-
decided, we are asked to vote again by yeas and
nays. The parliamentary law being, as I have
stated, I ask the Chair if this whole proceeding is
not out of order? I throw out the suggestion for
the consideration of the Chair, as one point of or- .
der cannot be raised while another is pending.
The PRESIDENT. The practice of the Sen-
ate has always been to suffer Senators to vote or
not to vote when a quorum is present. When a
Senator is called he can ask to be excused, and
the question can be taken whether the Senate will
excuse the Senator from voting. The Chair has
no alternative but to put the question.
Mr. BERRIEN. To enable me to vote under-
standingly on this question, as I was out of the
Chamber when the Senator from Florida assigned
the reasons for not wishing to vote, I desire him
to state those reasons.
Mr. YULEE. I assigned as a reason why I
desired to be excused from voting, that resolutions
are pending before the Legislature of Florida,
which is now in session, which I have reliable in-
formation will pass, instructing the Senators from
that State not to vote on any question touching
the fugitive slave law. In deference to the Legis-
lature of my State—although such instructions
have not reached me—I do not wish to vote on
this question, believing that course to be in con-
formity with the will of my constituents, and
concurring myself in opinion as to its propriety.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am gratified to receive the
answer of the Senator from Florida, as it gives
me an opportunity of saying, that if those resolu-
tions had actually passed his Legislature, I should
hol^that, in the discharge of his duty here as a
member of this body, he was bound by the in-
junction of the Constitution, which cannot be va-
ried by the instructions of his Legislature.
Mr. HALE. I wish to be excused from voting
on the question of excusing the Senator from Flor-
ida. My reasons for it are these: We have a set
of rules which require that every Senator shall
vote; but the Senator from Florida wants to be
excused from voting, not because there is a " higher
law," but because he expects there will be a
"higher law" by-and-by; and in such a case I
confess myself undecided which way to vote, for
the present existing law or the future " higher
law." I therefore ask to be excused.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the yeas and nays
on excusing the Senator from New Hampshire.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot put the
