1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
question on excusing the Senator from New
Hampshire .until the other pending question is
disposed of. The case, as it now stands, is a
novel one, and the Chair will read the rule which
applies to such cases. The 16th rule provides
that
" When the yeas and nays shall be called for by one fifth
of the members present, each member called upon shall,
unless for special reasons he be excused by the Senate, de-
clare openly, and without debate, his assent or dissent to
the question."
He must vote. Now, when the Senator was
called, he had a right to get up and ask to be
excused, but he remained in his seat. The Chair
was not bound to know that the Senator was in
his place, until his attention was called to it by
the Senator from Mississippi. The Senator from
Florida has asked to be excused from voting, and
upon that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered; hence two sets of yeas and'nays are
pending at the same time. This is an awkward
position. If the Chair had the power to regulate
the matter, he would say that this could not be,
and that there cannot be two sets of yeas and nays
ordered at the same time.
Mr. SEWARD. As the yeas and nays are to
be had on this question, I desire to say a word in
order that my vote may not be understood as im-
plying more than I mean. The rule which guides
me is this. I suppose every Senator on this floor
to be the judge for himself of the times and cir-
cumstances and places in which he will give his
vote. I would not deprive any Senator of the
privilege of being excused from voting, where he
js not prepared; or when he has any delicacy
about voting. Therefore it is that I shall always
vote, as I believe I have always been willing to
vote, to excuse*any member from any share of re-
sponsibility in regard to the action of this body.
I deem it a question of personal courtesy.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to detain the Sen-
ate; but I wish to state my reasons for urging the
honorable Senator from Florida to vote. This is
a test vote upon an important question, and I wish
the fact to go out to the country and be strikingly
manifested, that all agitation on this subject may
be hereafter prevented.
Mr. YULEE. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know if this matter is open to discussion.
Mr. FOOTE. I call the Senator to order for
not stating his point of order.
Mr. YULEE. I will not insist on the point.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 would say, in conclusion, that
I felt a little surprised, and yet somewhat grateful,
to the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
for making a speech against the " higher law" in
general; though I was not at all surprised to see
the honorable Senator from Florida and the hon-
orable Senator from New York harmonize so well
in sustaining the general doctrine of the "higher"
law."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair perceives the
inconvenience resulting from this whole proceed-
ing, though the rule seems to warrant it. The
Chair will, therefore, take it upon himself to re-
trace the course of the Senate, and to return to
where the question was, and not to entertain the
proposition to force the Senator from Florida to
vote, or to excuse him from voting. The vote on
the proposition to lay the memorial on the table
has been taken by yeas and nays, but the vote has
not yet been announced.
The yeas and nays have been ordered on ex-
cusing the Senator from Florida. The Senator
from New Hampshire asks to be excused from
voting, and the Senator from Wisconsin asks for
the yeas and nays on excusing him. This is mul-
tiplying yeas and nays on yeas and nays, thus
having various questions pending at the same time,
which never has been done, and which cannot be
done without serious inconvenience. The Chair,
therefore, thinks this whole proceeding irregular,
and recurs to the question on laying the memorial
on the table.
Mr.BALDWIN. I wish my name to be called.
The honorable Senator's name was called, and
he voted " no."
Mr. GWIN. I desire my name to be called.
The honorable Senator's name was called, and
he voted "yea."
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Chair decide that my
motion to compel the honorable Senator from Flor-
ida to vote is out of order?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair undertakes to
say that when the Senator made the motion it was
too late to make such a motion.
Mr. FOOTE. I made it immediately after the
vote was taken.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator wishes to
overrule the decision of the Chair, he fan take an
appeal.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply wish to state that I at-
tach very little importance to this matter, and I
should not have urged it but for the reasons which
I have before stated. The Chair and the Senate
will perceive that my motion was made at the only
moment when it could by possibility have been
made. If this sort of contumacy be sanctioned by
the Senate, I have nothing to say; but I will not
be the chiefprosecutor in such a matter.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair decides that,
owing to the complication of questions, all running
to different points, (though the rule would seem to
justify it,) after the yeas and nays have been gone
through, it is too late to call upon a Senator to
vote.
Mr. UPH AM. I desire to have my name called.
The honorable Senator's name was called, and
he voted "nay."
The PRESIDENT. As the Senator from Mis-
sissippi does not seem to understand the Chair, I
will explain what I said a moment ago. It is too
late, after the yeas and nays have been gone
through, for any Senator to ask to be excused from
voting; but it is not too late to require a Senator
to vote, because a quorum might not be present,
and a Senator refusing to vote might defeat legis-
lation.
| Mr. BUTLER. But there was a quorum.
[ The PRESIDENT. When a member is called
| he is bound to vote. When his name is called he
may rise in his place and ask to be excused, but
I it is too late to make such a request after the yeas j
and nays have been gone through. (To the Sec-
retary:) Call the Senator from Florida. I
| Mr. YULEE. I rise to say that my course !
j was not induced by any disrespect to the Senate. (
1 It has been a practice, as every gentleman knows,
to vote or not to vote, as he pleases.
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. YULEE. I do not deem it necessary to j
say anything more.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will call
the Senator from Florida.
The Sec ret art called the honorable Senator's
name.
Mr YULEE. I have not asked it to be called.
Mr. WINTHROP. I presume nothing can be
done to compel the honorable Senator to vote.
The Senate can censure him, however, if they
think the refusal worthy of censure. That is the
practice of the House of Representatives. They
cannot compel a member to vote, but they censure
him for not voting, if they think it worthy of cen-
sure.
The PRESIDENT, (to the Secretary:) Call
the Senator from Florida.
The Secretary called the name of the honora-
ble Senator.
Mr. YULEE. I do not think this a matter of
sufficient importance to make it the occasion of
any extraordinary proceeding. I will therefore
vote. I wish to '
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order. He
cannot give the reasons for his vote when the yeas
and nays have been called.
Mr. YULEE. If I am not allowed to explain,
I will not vote.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not vote, so that I come
under the same rule as the gentleman from Flori-
da. Nor shall I vote.
The PRESIDENT, (to the Secretary:) Call
the Senator from South Carolina.
The Secretary called the name of the honora-
ble Senator, but he did not answer.
The PRESIDENT. The Presiding Officer has
discharged his duty. The rule requires that Sen-
ators shall vote. The attention of the Chair was
called to the fact that the honorable Senator from
Florida and the honorable Senator from South
Carolina refused to vote. It is for the Senate to
take action in relation to the matter—to pass a
vote of censure, or to let the matter rest.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to say, having thus far
officiated in the matter; having brought the facts
prominently to the public view, I shall leave the
matter to some older Senator.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to vote.
The Secretary called the name of the honor-
able Senator, and he voted "yea."
The Secretary then read over the list of Sen-
ators as their votes were recorded; and
The PRESIDENT announced the result to be
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Brad-
bury, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foote,
Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mangum, Mason,
Morton, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Rliett, Rusk, Shields*,
Soul6, Spruance, Underwood, Wales, and Whitcqmb—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Cooper, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Ewing,
Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Seward, Smith, Upham, Walker,
andWinthrop—16. -
So the memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
LIGHTING GEORGETOWN.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hold in my hand a
petition which I most cordially approve. Instead
of discussing it, I will state its contents, and ask
its reference according to the rule.
The petition is signed by between two and three
hundred persons residing m the first ward of this
city. They speak of the dangerous accidents
which have recently occurred in the city, endan-
gering the safety of citizens. They also represent
that murderous assaults have been made on per-
sons passing along. . They ask Congress to pre-
scribe some remedy for this. The remedy which
they suggest is that Pennsylvania avenue be light-
ed west of the President's square to Georgetown,
and to give an additional guard.
Congress, they say, undertook some years since
to prescribe a guard for the purpose of protecting
the citizens at night. They represent that the fact
of Congress undertaking to prescribe a guard in-
duced citizens to be less cautious than they would
otherwise have been. They therefore pray for an
augmentation of the auxiliary guard of the city. I
move to refer the petition to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
It was so referred.
TREATMENT OP A RECRUIT.
Mr. COOPER. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of Charles W. Carroll, asking
redress for certain injuries suffered in consequence
of Jiis arresl and detention on the false charge of
being a deserter from the recruits of the Army.
The petition is very voluminous, and I shall there-
fore briefly state the facts which it narrates. He
says that in the month of June, in the year 1847,
while engaged at his work in the city of Philadel-
phia, he was induced by an enlisted soldier in the
United States Army to go to the rendezvous in that
city; that a great many arguments and persuasions
were made use of by the soldier to induce him to
accompany him; that when he arrived at the ren-
dezvous, the orderly sergeant, under a pretence of
introducing him to the commanding officer, per-
suaded him to go up stairs, in the room occupied as
a kind of barracks, and he was there locked up.
He was taken out the next morning by the orderly
sergeant, and by the orders of the commanding
officer, Capt. Ramsay, handcuffed and transported
to Governor's Islandi, near the city of New York.
The petitioner states that he was there imprisoned
for the space of over a month in a small and filthy
dungeon; that he was compelled to perform the
most menial and disgusting services; and that du-
ring the period of his imprisonment he was not
supplied either with wholesome food, or in quan-
tities sufficient for his support.
The case was brought before the court of the
city of New York upon a writ of habeas corpus,
an a the facts evinced, I will say, disclosed one of
the greatest outrages ever perpetrated upon an
American citizen.
It was all under the pretence that this man had
enlisted and deserted, that he was decoyed to the
station, afterwards sent handcuffed from the city
of Philadelphia to Governor's Island, and there
confined over a month under the circumstances
which I have mentioned. It has been brought be-
fore the House of Representatives in a petition.
The petition has been sent to me, accompanied by
a letter from the Hon. Edward King, President
Judge of the Court of Common Pleas for the city
and county of Philadelphia, stating facts equiva-
lent to those I have already alluded to as stated in
the petition, and declaring that in his judgment it
is a case that calls upon the United States for
amends for wrong done to a citizen. I move that
