mo
TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
it be referred to the Committee on Military Af- I
fairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. COOPER also presented a memorial from
office rs of the United States Army, stationed at Ray-
ado, in the Territory of New Mexico, asking, in
behalf of themselves and the soldiers serving under
them, an increase of compensation, on account of
the extraordinary expense of living in that coun-
try; which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr.. BUTLER presented the memorial of Roger
Pincicney and Susannah HaynePinckney, heirs at
law of Richard Shubrick, asking compensation
for t',e services of said Shubrick; which was re-
ferri'J to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
M ". BENTON presented a memorial adopted
at a meeting of citizens of Cincinnati, asking tljat
Congress wfll pass a law gran ting to poor persons
residing in any of the large cities to settle in com-
panies on the public lands to be selected for that
purpose, and to be paid for as settled^ which was
referred to the Committee on Public Xands.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi- ;
zens of Ohio, asking that the public domain may.
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlers
not possessed of other lands; which was ordered to
lie on the tablt±.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial from
Thomas M. Hope, asking to be reimbursed for
certain moneys paid by him as United Statesmar-
shal for the district of Illinois; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POOTE presented the petition of Julia Ann
Cossar, only surviving child of Joseph Clunn,
asking that a pension may be granted in consider-
ation of her father's services in the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition from citi-
zens of Hudson, New York, asking the imme-
diate repeal of the act of the 18th of September,
1850, known as the fugitive slave law. He moved
to refer it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On the motion of Mr. MANGUM, it was laid
upon the table.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Martha
R. Broadus, widow of a revolutionary officer,
asking that the provisions of the pension laws
which are extended to tho widows of officers and
soldiers married prior to 1800, may be extended
to t';3se married since that time.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of
Vance & Brothers, asking the reimbursement of
expenses incurred in furnishing outfits to certain
volunteers marched to the place of rendezvous,
but not finally mustered into the service; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented three memorials
from ship-owners and ship-masters, and other citi-
zens of the State of Maine, urging upon Congress
the necessity of the construction of a breakwater
at Richmond Island, in that State.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from G.
Wm. J. Blackistone and forty-five other- citizens,
some of the Maryland State Reform Convention,
asking that the Secretary of the Navy may be au-
thorized to contract with Wm. B. Clarke and his
associates for the transportation in mail-steamers
of the mail from Baltimore and Norfolk to some
point in England; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Ordered, That Daniel G. Garnsey have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE,
Ordered, That the heir? of James Mayson have leave to
withdraw their memorials and papers.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordered, That the petition of Jacob Park, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to tile Committee on Pensions.
On the motion of Mr. RUSK, the petition and
papers of Emma C. B. Thomson were taken from
the fl'es and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
NOTICE.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice of liis intention
to afsk leave to bring in a joint resolution giving
the surgeons in the Navy for land service therein
the same rations, &c., as are given to medical
officers in the Army.
reports from committees.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the resolution di- |
recting that committee to inquire into the expedi- I
ency of establishing a port of entry at the mouth ,
of Umpqua river, in the Territory of Oregon, and
of making Milwaukee and Pacific City each ports
of entry, reported a bill to create additional collec-
tion districts in the Territory of Oregon and for
other purposes; which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the amendment of
the House of Representatives to Senate bill to au-
thorize the change of venue in certain cases, re- 1
ported back the same with a recommendation that j
the Senate do not concur. j
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the resolution
of ihe Senate directing the committee to inquire
into the expediency of providing by law for the }
purchase of the " Half-Breed Tract" on the Mis- ;
sissippi river and Lake Pepin, in the Territory of
Minnesota, reported a bill to authorize the Presi- !
dent to purchase certain lands from the half-breed j
Sioux Indians; which was read and passed to a j
second reading. 1
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill to authorize and
direct the payment of certain moneys into the
treasury of the State of California, which were
collected in the ports of said State as a revenue
upon imports since the ratification of the treaty of
peace between the United States and the Republic ,j
of Mexiccf, and prior to the admission of said
State into the Union, reported back the same with
an amendment; and he took occasion to say, that
when that bill should come up for discussion, he
would offer an amendment to strike out the sum of .
$300,000 wherever it occurs, and insert $1,325,000. !
He expressed the hope that the bill would have
very early consideration. |
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit- !
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
joint resolution of the Senate explanatory of the
I act of 28th September, 1850, for the payment of
a company of Indian volunteers, made an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolution of the Legislature of Iowa
, in relation to the construction of a military road
from the Council Bluffs Indian sub-agency to Sac- ,
ramento City, submitted an adverse report on the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolution of the Senate of the 5th of
September last, relative to granting a pension to
the widow of Eneas Mackay, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee on Foreign
i Relations, to which was referred the resolution
j | directing the Committee on Foreign Relations to
inquire into the propriety of compensating Benja-
1 niin Rush for his services as charge d'affaires at
; London, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Rush; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
! referred the resolution of the Senate directing an
inquiry into the propriety of allowing John P.
Brown the pay of a charge d 'affaires for the time he
; discharged that duty at Constantinople, reported
a bill for the relief of John P. Brown; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
pensions of widows and orphans.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded to consider, as in Committed of
the Whole, the bill for five years' pensions to the
widows and orphans of soldiers of the United
! States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear Some
further explanation of the bill.
Mr. D*4VIS, of Mississippi. I will make a
I brief explanation. It is to place the widows and
1 orphans of soldiers upon the same footing with the
widows and orphans of sailors in the Navy. The
Senate will remember that originally, out of a
Navy fund which had accrued during the war of
i 1812, pensions were provided for widows and or-
phans of sailors. That was long since expended,
and subsequent legislation has made it a charge
upon the Treasury. It is believed that widows
and orphans of soldiers have equal, if not higher,
claims to such an allowance than those of sail-
ors, mainly for the reason that the compensa-
tion of soldiers is somewhat lower, and they have
no opportunity of obtaining prize money or enter-
ing into other pursuits, and acquire a competency
which they may leave to their widows and chil-
dren, in the event of their death. The bill which
I introduce is prospective, except the last section,
which provides for a class of cases, every one oi"
which, I suppose, has heretofore been covered by
a special act. It provides for the cases of widows
and orphans of soldiers. As far back as the 7th
of May, 1846, at the declaration of war against
Mexico, it will be remembered that we had a spe-
cial law covering these cases, and there have been
special acts for cases not coming exactly under the
law, until, I suppose, there are very few cases,
or none, not covered by that section which
have not been covered by a special law. If it be
any objection in the mind of any one, I am quite
willing that it should be striken out. The rest of
the bill is prospective, so as to secure a five years'
pension to the widow and minor children of a sol-
dier who died in the service. I do not suppose it
necessary to go into any detail to prove to the
Senate that the compensation we give to the offi-
cers and soldiers cannot enable them to make any
provision for their widows and children if they
die in the service.
It was well said ty the Duke of Wellington that,
every military service must be put upon one of
two bases: either upon small pay, with certain
provisions for the future, or pay sufficiently large
to enable the individual to provide for the future
wants of his family. We have adopted the for-
mer. Our pay is very small, belew that of any
other situation in the country. It is well known
that an officer in the Amy can throw up his com
mission at any time, ana receive a greater com-
pensation for his services in other employments.
The same is true with regard to the private soldier,
who has served the country faithfully in many dis-
tricts of the United States at seven and eight
dollars a month, while the common laborer re-
ceives from eighteen to twenty. All these con-
siderations, as we do not intend to change the
great scale or rate of compensation, are sufficient
to justify the passage of such a bill as this.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand the case, so
far as the naval officers are concerned, their wid-
ows and orphans are paid out of a fund they
themselves raised. It is true that fund was dissi-
pated by an improvident act of legislation, the
consequences of which were not perceived at the
time; and that having been done through the indis-
; cretion of Congress, the Government thought
proper to make it up to naval officers. Such I un-
derstand to be the case. This bill is, therefore,
doing something more than putting Army officers
on the same footing with naval officers. If it
passes we are contributing directly to make pen-
sions, while in the other case Congress was only
restoring a fund which they had dissipated.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is no matter
how the naval fund was procured for the benefit
of the widows and orphans of naval officers.
They stand now on the same footing as before it
was taken from them, and the object of this bill is
to make the cases somewhat equal in regard to the
widows and orphans of those who have died in
the Army and of those who have died in the Navy.
It is now doubly unjust, because the pay, in the
first place, is not equal, and then there is no fund
provided.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I submit a proposition
to amend that bill for the purpose of ascertaining
the sense of the Senate on a particular point. I
perceive, from reading the bill, that it provides
pensions not only for the widows and orphans of
those who shall have been killed in battle, or shall
have died from wounds received in battle, but for
the widows and orphans of those who may have
died, or shall die, from diseases contracted in the
public service. It does seem to me that that is an
enlargement of our pension system beyond all
reason. I am somewhat opposed, Mr. President,
I confess, to this enlargement of the pension sys-
tem of the country; and I do not see any good
reason why the officers and soldiers of the Army
or the Navy shall be pensioned, more than those
individuals who have worn out themselves in the
• service of the country in civil life. We have mem-
