185 >.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
251
hers of legislative departments and members of the
judicial departments, who continue for a lifetime
almost in the public service of the country. When
they retire no pension is given to them, and when
they die no pension is given to their families. I
do not see any reason for the distinction proposed.
According to my examination of the subject, pen-
sions were originally given to those who were
killed in battle or were wounded in battle. And
it may be a matter of policy to operate upon the
soldier or sailor to provide for him when he sus-
tains the loss of a limb in battle, or when he loses
his life, by giving a pension to his family. But
as we must all die at some time by disease
contracted at some time—the soldier and sailor
as well as those in civil life—I really do not
see why, if the soldier dies of consumption or
some other disease, a pension should be paid in
consequence of the loss of his life under such cir-
cumstances. I, therefore, move to strike out that
part of the bill which provides for pensions for
widows of those who die from disease contracted
in service, leaving it to tipply to those who die
from wounds or disabilities received in battle.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sure that if
the Senator had investigated this subject with that
closeness of scrutiny which he usually gives to
subjects which are brought to his attention, he
would not have made the motion which he has now
made, for he might as well strike out the whole
bill. The existing laws will answer all the pur-
poses which the Senator wishes to accomplish if
the amendment proposed shall be adopted. Nor
do I think that if the Senator had bestowed
on this question his usual examination, he would
have drawn the comparison which he did between
the case of soldiers and that of civilians, or that of
a judge. He would have reflected that they have
much befter salaries, and much time for engaging
in other pursuits, and, lastly, when they die, their
death occurs in the due course of nature, in some
place which they had chosen as their residence in
life, and not like the soldier, who maybe sent from
Maine to the sickly climate of Louisiana, to fall a
victim to the yellow fever on his arrival; not like
the soldier who is sent to any part of the country
without regard to season, but looking only to the
interests of the service. Surely the Senator will
not draw such a parallel as that, if he will look se-
riously and carefully into this subject. If he seeks
to limit expenses on account of pensions, this is
not the way to do it. The road lies open in an-
other direction. I agree that the pension list is
large, becoming too large; but this is not the way to
reduce it. If the Senator will restrict the expense
on account of pensions, then let him restrict pen-
sions to those who are paupers, to those who have
no income beyond what is necessary to support
them; strike off -that long list of those who have
other means of support, and suffer the amount now
paid to them to remain in the Treasury. Thus
you will reduce the list far more than this provis-
ion will reduce it, and without that peculiar hard-
ship which belongs to the present system, and
which will continue if the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is adopted.
I feel bound, if this debate is to continue, to
agree to what I know is the desire of the Senator
from Wisconsin, to postpone the further consider-
ation of tliis subject. It has already been long
postponed. More than twenty years this question
has been discussed. Its justice has always been
established in every debate. I did not seek now
to enter into any disussion, for I had hoped it
would pass without discussion. I hope now that,
it will; if not, I must agree to the postponement.
Mr. WALKER. As the morning hour has
passed, and as I have some remarks which I wish
to add to what I said yesterday upon the bill then
under consideration, I now move thit the further
consideration of this question be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 85, to cede the public lands of the
United States to the States respectively in which
they are situated, on condition that the said States
shall severally grant and convey the said lands to
actual occupants only, in limited quantities, for
the cost of survey, transfer, and title muniments
merely. I
Mr. WALKER resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday, of which
a report will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. SEWARD. As I have some remarks
which I wish to submit upon this question, and as
it is now late, and the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Smith] has charge of a bill which he desires
to have considered, and- wliich he is entitled to
have considered now, I will move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed, and
I made the special order for one week from this day.
! Mr. BENTON. I would ask the' Senator from
New York to defer that motion until I cau offer an
amendment, and can ask to have it printed.
Mr. SEWARD. I will do so certainly. i
Mr. BENTON. I am very glad that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, who sits before me, [Mr.
W alker,] has brought forward this bill. I concur
with him in some of his objects. The general object
of this bill is to extinguish the Federal titles to the
lands within the new States, and pass them easily
into the hands of cultivators. I concur in that ob-
ject, but I wish to accomplish it by means some-
what different from his. I also wish to combine
with that object another—that of deriving some
revenue, and deriving it promptly, from the public
lands.
For that purpose, I wish to offer an amendment,
before I sit down, to the bill of the Senator from
W isconsin. And I will now take occasion to say,
that I think the time has come when the circum-
stances in which the public lands are placed will
force the Legislature of the country—will force
Congress to apply its mind seriously to their con-
dition, and to bestow upon the subject careful ex-
amination. "Ihe Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
President, has shown us in his annual report that,
according to the best computation, there are ninety-
five millions of acres of land to be passed over to
those who have served in the late wars; and these
ninety-five millions at our market prices are worth
one hundred and twenty millions of dollars. And
he has shown that at the rate at wliich the lands
are taken by the purchasers, it will require sixteen
years to dispose of these warrants; and, in the
mean time, as these lands granted to soldiers are
sold cheaper than the lands of the United States,
they will monopolize the market, so that the Uni-
ted States cannot expect to make sales until these
ninety-five millions are first disposed of.
I believe the Secretary is entirely right in all these
calculations, and that we are to look forward for the
period of sixteen years, as things now stand, du-
ring which time we are to derive no revenue from
the public lands, and are to keep up the whole
machinery of the public land system for the ben-
efit of those whom we have enabled to expel us
from the market. I believe we have had lately
one of the strongest illustrations of the truth of
the Secretary's supposition in what has occurred
in one of the land districts in the State of Iowa—
that young State, holding much public land, and
in which the sales upon the part of.the United '
States, at a late public sale of fresh and rich land,
have been stopped, and in a manner which I wish
the Senator from Iowa, who sits near me, [Mr.
Dodge,] would state to the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will state, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I have seen an account in a newspaper
of the sale to which the Senator from Missouri
alludes. It is this : that in consequence of the
great number of land warrants at the recent land
sale in the heart of that State, and among the rich-
est lands in the world, although the lands of the
Government were exposed at public sale or out-
cry, as the law directs, not a single acre was sold;
and for the reason that as soon as the sales were
over, the lands would be subject to private entry
fomhese Mexican land warrants.
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir; I wished the Sena-
tor from Iowa to make his statement, and he has
made it. And here is a paragraph which I have !
seen in the newspapers which relates to the same
thing, and confirms what he says: J
"I.and Warrants ®«. Land Sales.—We learn from !
the Burlington (Iowa) papers that during the whple term set
apart for the land sales at Fairfield, in that State, in Novem- j
her last, not a single bidder appeared, all the entries at the
land offices being made with warrants. The speculators
there, notwithstanding they have a large number of warrants t
on hand, find no difficulty in getting rid of them. They do
it in this way: They enter a quarter section for a farmer
with one of their warrants, and then give him a bond for a
deed, the deed to be executed in one year from date, on the
payment of two hundred dollars in cash. The farmer feels
satisfied, because he gets a year's credit, and pays no more
for his land at the end of that time than the Government j
| asks for it. The speculator is satisfied, because he makes
: sixty to seventy per cent, by the speculation."
| We learn from the Burlington (Iowa) papers
i that during the whole term set apart for the land
1 sales at Fairfield, in that State, in November last,
not a single bidder appeared! Not a bid for an
acre during the term for wliich the lands were
cried! The term used to be a period of three
weeks. Is that the time now?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It is now two weeks.
Mr. BENTON. During two weeks the finest
lands in America were exposed for sale, the regis-
ter and receiver attending, and receiving their per
diem, ($6 a day.) The lands were cried, and not
a bid—not a single person appeared to take them
at the minimum price of a dollar and a quarter an
acre!
The article then says :
"A11 the entries at the land office being; made with war-
rants, the speculators there "
Yes, the speculators are there, sir; but no old
soldiers are there, not one.
"The speculators there, notwithstanding they hove a
large number of warrants on hand, find no diSculty in get-
ting rid of them. They do it in this way: They enter a
quarter section tor a farmer with one of their warrants, and
then give him a bond for a deed, the deed to be executed in
one year from the date, on the payment of two hundred
dollars in cash."
That is the way wey did it at Fairfield, Iowa;
and this is only one way.
There are a thousand ways in which they do
the same thing—sometimes underselling for ready
money—sometimes giving credit—and always get-
ting between the United States and the purchaser
and monopolizing the market. The paper says:
"The farmer feels satisfied, because he gets a year's
credit, and pas's no more for Jlis land at the end of that time
than the Government asks for it." Itsays, "the speculator is
satisfied, because he makes sixty to seventy per cent, by th«
speculation."
And I say the United States seems to be satis-
fied with this state of things; for we have made it
ourselves, and are taking no steps to counteract it.
And we are vehemently urged to consummate it
by giving greater facilities for the assignment of
the warrants, so that the speculators may have
less trouble than they have in selling these ninety-
five millions of acres of land—as much as would
make the entire superficies of the State of Ohio
four times over, lacking only five millions of acres.
That is all. But instead of the ninety-five mil-
lions, which the Secretary counts, I cqunt one
hundred millions, setting down five millions for the
good counterfeits that will be passed upon us.
Here we are, then, with the United States ac-
tually thrown out of her own market for sixteen
■years, and that so completely that not only the
lands -which have been picked and culled cannot
be sold by the United States, but the new lands,
and the finest in the world, cannot be sold. We
are in a condition in which we shall get no revenue
from the public lands for sixteen years to come,
as things now stand, and in the mean time we are
to keep up the machinery of the land office, for the
benefit of those who chase us out of the market—
and these are no slight burdens. I showed items
some weeks ago which made up $700,000 an-
nually for the expenses of the land system. Mul-
tiply that sum by sixteen—the number of years
this is to continue—and you have a sum of
$11,200,000. That is one branch of the expense.
Another is that of the expense of the registers and
receivers, who now have more labor than ever in
disposing of the public lands, for which they g< t
no compensation. I think the labor is four times
as great as heretofore.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It is at least four times
as great.
Mr. BENTON. We know that the little sum
of $500 is allowed to each register and receiver to
cover the expenses of his office. If they live in
towns, as they generally do, it does not do it-.
Their compensation was one per cent, on all sale®
This they do not now receive, and they will of
course petition Congress to pay it, and if Congress
does not pay it they will give up their places,
for they cannot work for nothing and find them-
selves. One per centum upon §130,000,000 worth
of land will be $1,200,000 which we will have to
pay them on that head. Then comes another
head larger than that, where those will demand
who will have more power to demand than the
registers and receivers. I speak of the States—
the new States, which gave up the right
