1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
•rot from the office of publication. Mow it will '
be pen-eived, bv reference to the amendment of
the ren:!eman from Ohm, upon my right, [Mr.
Tthat it im-hides transient papers as well
as those sent fwm the office of publication, and
thus it imposes upou the postmaster the necessity
of taking the wrapper on the paper, in order to
ascertain whether the paper was or was not pub-
lished at the place it was muled. I take it that
neither did the gentleman from Ohio on my right,
(Mr. T tm>r,} nor the gentleman from Ohio,
a«-rv>«s the war, [Mr. Ctiutt,] intend that tran-
sient papers sent through the mail should be ex-
empted from postage. But, as I said before, it
would seem from the tenor of both those amend-
ments, that they had included transient papers to
para through mails free, Now I desire, oy the
proviso which I have offered, to limit the free cir-
culation of newspapers to those that are sent to
actual subscribers from the office of publication.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 yesterday offered a pro-
viso to the original section of the bill, which was
adopted; but it appears, from the disposition of the
committee, that that section will be stricken out,
and the substitute of the gentleman from Ohio
inserted in its place; and I desire, therefore, to of-
fer the same proviso as an amendment to that sub-
stitute. As it is the same amendment, I deem it
unnecessary to delay the House by any argument
upon it.
The proviso was read, as follows:
CrmM. further. That fifty per eent. shall he
fttM the postage on magazines, when that postage shall he
prepaid.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was asreed to.*
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter]
as amended.
Mr. TAYLOR. I propose an amendment to
the second proviso, by substituting the word
"printed" for the word "published," where it
occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER asked that the same correction
might be made in the proviso which he had offered.
lite CHAIRMAN stated that the alteration
would be made.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 more to amend the section
now under consideration by inserting after the
word " magazines," in the proviso of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] the
words "and newspapers," so that the same re-
duction will be allowed on newspapers as on mag-
azines. I can see no difference, or why there
should be a regulation in reference to one, which
is not applied to the other.
Mr. OTIS was understood to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that it would be use-
less to extend the provision to newspapers, as
there were no newspapers over two ounces in
weight, snd the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. ChaxdlerJ only applied to
periodicals beyond two ounces in weight.
The CHAIRMAN inauired if the gentleman
from Maine objected to the amendment as being
out of order ?
Mr. OTIS replied that he did not. He was only
making a suggestion in opposition to the amend-
ment
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agTeed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] as
amended, and on that question tellers had been
dethanded.
Tellers were not ordered, and the question being
taken on the amendment as amended, it was adopt-
ed. So the substitute of Mr. Potter, as amended,
for the second section, was agreed to.
The third section of the bill was then read, as
follows:
Bsc. 3. Jtad be it further enacted, The director* of the
miul« Is die United States sre authorized and required to
coin piece* of the valae of three eents, composed of three
pens silver sod oae psrt alloy, which shall be a lawful
leader for all debt* due to tbe Government of the United
State*, and to individual!, person*, snd corporation*.
Mr. POTTER moved to strike out the above
section, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Bsc. 3. JltU be further matted. That it shall be lawful
to cola at tbe Mist of the United State* and it* branches, s
piece of the denomination and legal value of three cents, or
three hundredths of a daUar, to be composed of three fourths [
silver and one fourth copper, and to we^h twelve grains
snd three eighths of a gnun; that the said coin shall bear
such devices as shall be conspicuously different from those
of the other silver coins, and of' the gold dollar, but having
tbe inscription " United Slates of America," and its de-
nomination snd date; and that it shal 1 be a legal tender in
payment of debts for all sums ot' thirty cents and under.
The CHAIRMAN inquired whether there was
any amendment to ^he third section of the bill as
reported by the committee ?
Mr. LITTLEF1ELD. I have an amendment
which I intended to offer to the second section of
the bill, and which may not be appropriate to this
section. I will, however, send it to the Chairman,
in order to have it read.
The amendment was read,in substance, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That no newspaper which advocates violent
resistance to the laws of the land, passed in pursuance of
the provisions of the Constitution, shall pass in tbe mail
free of postage, hut shall be charged doable rates, which
shall We prepaid.
Mr. POTTER rose to a point of order, and in-
quired from theChair whether the proposed amend-
ment was in order?
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was not.
The Chair will hold that any amendment that may
hereafter be offered to the original section of the
bill, after the substitute is under consideration, is
not in order. So, if there be any amendments,
let them be now offered.
Mr. DUER. Is the third section of the bill
undo' consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. DUER. I move, then, as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, tbe
following:
Is section three, strike oat sll after the marring clause,
" The directors of the Mint of the United States are hereby
aathonzed and required to coin silver coins of the value of
two and a half cents, of tbe same Oneness and purity as
the other silver coins of tbe United States, in such form
and with sach devices as tbe Secretary of tbe Treasury
shall prescribe, which said coins shall Ik a lawful tender
tor all debts due to the Government of tbe United States,
aad to individuals, persons, sad corporations, for sums not
exceeding oae dollar. And on aad alter tbe 1st day of July,
1851 there shall be charged two and a half cents upon let-
ters in all cases where the rate of postage is hereinbefore
Axed st three ceats."
Mr. PHOENIX. I question the propriety of
entertaining that amendment at this time, as the
; subject of coinage is now before the Committee on
I Commerce, and has not been yet reported upon.
It strikes me that the amendment is out of place.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dcer'i
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Potter, it was put and the amendment was
adopted.
The Clerk then read the 4th section of the bill.
It is as follows:
See. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to all
deputy posimssters. sad other persons applying and ppying
therefor, suitable stamps of the denomination of three cents
to facilitate the prepayment of tbe postages provided for in
this act. [And to any person who shall desire to purchase
of the Postmaster General, or of any deputy postmaster at
any one one, an amount of stamps to the value of fifty dol-
lars or upwards, such stamps sball be furnished at a dis-
count of ten per cent, upon their par value. All deputy
postmasters who shall receive at any one time stamps to
the amount of fifty dollar*, shall be allowed a deduction of
ten per cent- upon the par valae.]
Mr. POTTER moved to strike out all after the
word "act," in the sixth line of the 4th section,
bang the following:
" And to any person who sball desire to purchase of tbe
Postmaster General, or of any deputy postmaster at any
one time, an amount of stamps tu the value of fifty dollars or
upwards, sach stamps shall be furnished at a discount of ten
per fent. upon their par value. All deputy postmasters
who shall receive, at any one time, stamps to the amount
of fifty dollars, shall be allowed a deduction often percent,
upon tbe par value."
Mr. P. said: Under the provision of the bill as
it now stands, the Postmaster General is author-
ized to sell stamps to the amount of (50, at ten
per cent, discount. That provision waa reported
. by the committee on the supposition that there
i would be a difference of two cents in the postage
on prepaid and unpaid letters, and the object of it
was to encourage the prepayment of letters; but
by the bill as it now stands, the postage on letters
is only three cents, whether prepaid or unpaid,
and this reduction is therefore unnecessary. It is
for this reason that I move to strike out the pro-
vision.
Mr. VINTON Mid that he must cor£ms that
he could not see the force of the reason assigned
by his colleague, [Mr. Potter.] The effect of
the provision of the original bill would have been,
that whenever stamps were sold in this manner,
the vpost office would get less than a three cent
postage. He could not see how the amendment
affected the propriety of that at all.
Mr. POTTER would state, in general terms,
that he was opposed to the provision originally.
The CHAIRMAN said, that further debate on
the amendment was not in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Potter's
amendment to strike out, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY offered the following as a substi-
tute for the fourth section:
jlnd It it farther m«M, That tbe Postmaster General
is hereby directed to procure stamped envelops, which he
sball furnish to the different post offices throughout tbe
United States, to be kept fbr sale, instead of the stamps
now in use; and such envelops shall be manufactured in
such tbrm as he shall deem most economical and conve-
nient : Provided, That the stamp shall be made upon tbe
paper composing the envelop itself, aad not upon a sepa-
rate piece of paper.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to say,Mr.Chairman,
that 1 fully concur in this bill for the reduction of
the postage on letters, &c., and I should feel still
more gratified if a provision of the kind that I
have proposed could be imbodied in the bill. I
am the more desirous of the adoption of such a
provision, from the simple fact that 1 have become
satisfied, within the last ten days, that frauds have
been daily committed upon the Post Office Depart-
ment in consequence of the use of stamps instead
of stamped envelops.
I hold in my hand, Mr. Chairman, an envelop
to which a post office stamp is affixed; and I have
also another, that has very recently come to Wash-
ington through the post office. Now, we are all
aware that it is the duty of the various post-
masters, when a stamp is affixed to an envelop,
to deface the stamp, so that it cannot be trans-
ferred to a second or third envelop. Now, sev-
eral instances have come under my own observa-
tion, in which an individual has thus transferred
stamps from one envelop to another, the process
being facilitated from the fact that the stamps were
not defaced. 1 know one instance in which the
•tamp was torn from the envelop and transferred
to another, and yet it was not detected, although
it was sent through the post office.
! If, sir, this can take place in the city where the
i ink is always iq,order for the purpose of defacing
1 the stamps, it is almost too much to expect that the
country postmasters will always so thoroughly
' deface the stamps that they cannot be transferred
to another envelop. This omission too often takes
place, and the stamps are allowed in ninety-nine
I out of every hundred post offices in the country to
, pass through the post offices of the United States
| without detection. And this must be evident to
every gentleman who will examine this subject,
. that stamped envelops are much preferable to
stamps alone. It is equally clear, sir, that no ob-
jection can be brought against stamped envelops
1 in place of stamps alone. I understand, though I
: do not state it as a fact, that some of the officers
( of the Post Office Department have stated, that in
some of the post offices a greater revenue has been
derived on 'stamps than the value of the number
| of stamps issued. If this is a fact, I think the in-
I ference to be drawn from it would convince mem-
i bers of the committee, of the necessity of adopting
i stamped envelops in place of stamps alone,
j Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow me
I to make an inquiry ?
i Mr. DICKEY. Certainly.
i Mr. PHELPS. I wish to know whether I
correctly understand the gentleman from Penri-
, sylvania, that he hasjust stated that a larger amount
of postage has been collected on stamps than the
i value of the stamps that have been actually issued ?
Mr. DICKEY. I do not mean to convey that
idea; this is what I mean: That some of the post-
I masters in some particular localities, (and I do
I not state it as a positive fact, but that I nave heard
| what I repeat,;—that in particular localities, a
< larger amount of stamps Has been paid in, than
j the amount issued.
! Mr. PHELPS. Oh! that may easily hare
: been; they may have been purchased elsewhere
I and carried there.
1 Mr. DICKEY. I merely, however, wish to
I draw the attention of the committee to the fact,
I, that stamp* that have be«n imperfectly defaced
