%u
tWE concessional globe.
Jan. 16,
have been placed upon unpaid envelops; that the
postmasters do not and cannot be expected per-
fectly to deface the?* stamps and that it is more
than we have a right to expect, that they should |
do so. I submit to the House that a stamped en-
velop will much better answer the purpose. A
stamped envelnp can never be used a second time,
because, in the first place, it is defaced by the
name ofthe post offire where posted; and secondly,
by the name and address of the person receiving.
(Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. I have no very serious objec-
tion to this amendment, but I do object to con-
verting the Post Office Department here into a sta-
tionery establishment for the sate of envelops and
* the various materials of correspondence. Again,
I do not see that it will be of any particular ad- 1
vantage to adopt this suggestion. I do not think
that it will any more effectually prevent fraud, as
it is now provided that postmasters throughout
the country shall deface the stamps, and it will
only be necessary to see that this regulation is en-
forced, to prevent the stamp being used a second
time.
Mr. CASEY. Is k in order to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to offer
an amendment to the fourth section of the bill, but
it is to the substitute for that section.
Mr. CASEY. Then, sir, I move the following
amendment to the substitute for the fourth sec-
tion:
Provide!, That in lien of the stamps hereinbefore provi-
ded for, the Postmaster General may at his discretion pro-
vide and furnish, as aforesaid, stamped envelops at an ad-
ditional charge not exceeding one mill each.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no further I
amendment to the fourth section of the original j
bill, the question will be taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ca-
sey.]
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved, pro forma, to
strike out a portion of the above amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that there was already
an amendment pending".
Mr. BROWN. Then I desire (having the right)
to speak in opposition to the amendment. In
doing this, I merely wish to say that I was con-
nected with the Post Office Department at the time
that the law passed authorizing the procuring
of stamps, ana furnishing them to postmasters.
The duty of that" branch of the Post Office Depart-
ment devolved to some extent upon me. In our
consultations in the Post Office Department, its
was a very difficult matter to determine which
was the best to recommend, whether engraved
stamps should be prepared for the purpose of
being attached to the letters, or whether stamped
envelops should be adopted. We procured from
the English and French Post Offices theirprepared
envelops; but we learned that after adopting them
they had abandoned their use, and had resorted
to stamps. An argument in favor of stamps, in
preference to stamped envelops, is, that envelops
can be much more readily counterfeited than
stamps. The stamps are engraved by the "very
best engravers in the United States, in a manner
not easily to be counterfeited. Indeed, there is
no inducement to counterfeit them, because these
stamps are only sold at the various post offices in
the country; and if aprivate individual were found
to have a large quantity of these stamps in his pos-
session at a time; suspicion would attach to him
instantly. Thus there is no inducement held out
to counterfeit them, nor do I believe there has
been a single instance of a counterfeited stamp.
Mr. HOUSTON (who was almost inaudible at
the Reporter's desk) said he held in his hand a
statement of the amount of postage stamps issued,
and the number of stamped letters—the latter far
exceeding the former. He did not know how far
it was correct.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know how that may
be, Mr. Chair 
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Casey'*
amendment, and it was not agreed it.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to strike out the fourth
section.
The CHAIRMAN stated it was out of order,
the pending question being to strike out and in-
sert.
Mr. CROWELL inquired whether it would be
in order to offer an amendment to the amendment j
of the gentleman from Ohio? [Mr. Potter.] i
The CHAIRMAN desired the gentleman to
send his amendment to the Clerk, that it might be
read.
Mr. Crowbll's amendment was then read,
as follows:
" That the franking privilege, except so far as it may bave
been conferred by'Congress upon individuals as a mark ot'
respect and honor, is hereby abolished, and the postage oil
all documents published by either House of Congress,
and ail communications to or from either House, mailed
duung the session, and all communications to and from the
officers of either House upon public service, shall be paid ,
oil' of the contingent funds of the respective Houses, un
der such regulations as each House shall prescribe fur itself;
and all communications to and from the general departments
of the G werninent, properly chargeable to the public ser-
vice, shall be marked as such, and the postage thereon be
paid like other contingent expenses of the Government." |
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must decide :
that the amendment is not in order. The Chair 1
rules it out of order on account of its containing
matter not germane to the matter of the fourth
section. '
Mr. CROWELL. I am anxious to test the
sense of the House upon the proposition contained
in that amendment. I am aware, sir, that it is
not exactly germane to the amendment under con-
sideration, and perhaps, therefore, it would be
better to propose it as an independent section after
the bill has been gone through: but with a view
to test th :■ sense of the committee upon it, I will
now oflei it as an amendment to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pot-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
j on the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
' sylvania, [Mr. Dickey.]
| Mr. CROWELL- Then I offer it as an amend-
I ment to that amendment. It seems to me, Mr.
: Chairman, that the franking privilege affords a
ground for serious opposition, and a great impedi-
ment to a cheap postage system. The number of
documents carried in the mails from this city during
a session of Congress, free of postage, amounts to
many tons, and all this is carried at the expense of
the letter postage. Now, I do not think that this
is right or just, that the letter postage should be
thus burdened with this immense charge. Let the
I public documents that are published here by order
of Congress pass through the mails as they now
do; but let their expense be charged, as in my
judgment I think it should, to the contingent ex-
penses of this House.
Let the letter postage be relieved of this great
burden. I alh not of the number of those that
adopt the dogma that the Post Office Department
should sustain itself as a necessary condition of its
existence. By no means. I maintain, sir, that
every State and section and territory of this coun-
try should be accommodated with mail facilities
to the fullest extent that the people's necessities
demand. And if the revenues of the Department
are insufficient to pay its expenses, I am for
charging the surplus expenditure upon the general
Treasury. The adoption of a self-sustaining prin-
ciple would operate with very great injustice on
many sections of the country.'
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MEADE said, I think that this amendment
is one of the most important that has been pre-
sented to the committee. I am opposed to it be-
cause I believe it would interfere with a fair under-
standing of the great questions which frequently
arise here for the determination of the people, and
which sometimes decide the fate of parties. All
we ask, on this side of the House, is the fair dis-
cussion before the people of any question in which
the rights and interests of the country are con-
cerned. In conflicts of that sort, those with whom
we are combating enjoy usually great advan-
tages over the great body of the people scattered
over our immense territory.
Heretofore these controversies have originated
between the agricultural interests on the one hand,
and associated capitalists on the other, who, for
the purpose of influencing the public mind, get to-
gether in great numbers, with their immense cap-
ital, publish their pamphlets and scatter them, by
means of that capital, throughout the whole coun-
try. It is impossible for the agriculturists of the
country to meet together for the purpose of thus
warring with their adversaries. Their means fire
small, in the first place; they are scattered over
an immense territory, in the second place, and con
not assemble together with the same facility as
their opponents, and the only way, therefore, in
which that immense influence can be counteracted
is by the planting and farming interests of the
country bringing to their aid the revenues of the
country through the medium of the franking priv-
ilege, so as to let their Representatives have the
power of taxing the Post Office with their franks,
to disseminate their opinions and the arguments by
which those opinions are sustained. That is the
onlv way by which great questions cn.n be met
fairly and equally before the people.
I warn my friends on this side of the House
particularly, and I would warn gentlemen on the
other side of the House also, who may some day
find themselves in the position of having no im-
mense capitalists to back them—I warn them that
they should hold on to this privilege, in order that
they may be able, by means of the post office, to
' come fairly and fully before the people, and dis-
cuss the great questions that are at issue between
us.
Mr. CROWELL demanded tellers on the
amendment, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Vinton, and Harris of Tennessee acting,) and
decided in the negative, ayes 44, noes 99.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Dickey, and it was rejected.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired if it was in order to
move to strike out the fovirth section of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I make that motion.
This matter of providing stamps to facilitate the
payment of postage, which this section of the bill
contemplates,is one which I confers,.as one mem-
ber of this committee, I do not sufficiently under-
stand to vote understandingly upon. Ana I make
this motion for the purpose of calling the attention
of the committee to the fact, (or what I believe to be
a fact,) that the stamps now furnished by the Post
Office of the United States may be easily counter-
feited, and thus the most nefarious and extensive
fraud practised on this Department of the Govern-
ment without the possibility of detection. What
are these stamps ? Gentlemen treat this as a light
matter, but I think that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] has done a very great ser-
vice to the country by bringing to the notice of the
committee the careless manner in wliich these
j stamps have been defaced. I live in a populous
neighborhood, but I confess that I have never
| seen one of these stamps in our part of the coun-
try yet. The stamp is so plainly made that it
could be counterfeited by any schoolboy in the
country. It is simply a little bit of stamped pa-
'* per, with a likeness of Dr. Franklin on it, and the
; letters " U. S. P. O." and "five cents," in let-
ters and figures so plainly made that any little
boy could engrave it on wood. This is not suffi-
cient security for the Post Office Department. We
have eighteen thousand post offices in the United
States, and it cannot be that the Postmaster Gen-
eral has heretofore furnished one tenth of those .
offices with these five-cent stamps. If so, they
would constitute a part, and a very important part,
of our currency. I would inquire of my colleague,
[Mr. Potter,] for whose opinion in relation to
these matters I have very great respect, whether
he designs to furnish these eighteen thousand post
■ offices with three-cent stamps under this new and
uniform rate of postage?
Mr. POTTER. To be sure it is.
J, Mr. TAYLOR. Well, sir, I would inquire fur-
1 ther, whether all the post offices in the United
| States, or one tenth of them, are furnished with
these five cent stamps now ?
Mr. POTTER. I suppose they are not.
1 Mr. TAYLOR. .Well, sir, any one who has
the least ingenuity can counterfeit such stamps as
these, and I believe that they will be counterfeited
every day, and the Post Office Department thus,
! defrauded of a large portion of the revenue deriva-
j ble from the transmission of letters through the
' mail.
1 Mr. ASHMUN. I am entirely in favor of
stamps, and I am therefore opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor.]
I have no doubt they are a convenience—a very
great convenience—and more so to the small post
I offices in the interior than in the large cities. But
J in order to avoid the danger of their being counter-
; feited, which the gentleman seems to apprehend,
