1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
258
I propose the following amendment, to come in at ,
the end of the section as it now stands.
Tin CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not now
in order.
Mr. ASHMUN. I understand that the motion
of t'le gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] is to
strike out the whole section, but before the ques-
tion is taken on that motion it is in order to per-
fect the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will remember, that by the 53d rule of
this House, modifying the parliamentary law, it is
provided, that " a motion to strike out being lost,
shall preclude neither amendment nor a motion to
strike out and insert." The section, therefore, wul
be amendable alter the pending motion is dis- I
po«ed of.
Mr. ASHMf N. But suppose the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio to strike out the entire
section prevail, how then can I amend the sec-
tion? It is my right to amend the section and
put it in the best shape before the question is taken
on striking out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, under
the rule, that the pending question is the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio to strike out the whole
section.
Mr. ASHMUN. But before that question is
taken, is it not competent to amend the section
proposed to be stricken out?
The CH AIRM AN. The Chair holds that it is.
not in order to amend the section before the ques-
tion is put.  
Mr. ASHMUN. How can it be done if the ,
section is stricken out?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is the
pending question, and that it is the duty of the
Chair, under the rules of the House and the parlia-
mentary law, to put these questions as they are
moved.
Mr. ASHMUN. No such practice has ever
prevailed in this House. However, I have no de-
sire to discuss the point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is very willing
to debate the question with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, if the committee will allow him. i
Mr. ASHMUN. Then I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio '
[Mr. Taylor] moves to strike out so much of the i
4th section of the bill as is left after the amend- I
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,]
which amounts to the whole section of the bill.
Pending that motion, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Ashmcn] rises and offers an amend-
ment to the section; ana the gentleman from Mas- ,
sachusetts insists that the question shall be put j
upon his amendment before the question is taken
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio to
strike out. The 53d rule of the House is in the
fillo wing words: "Amotion to strike out being
lost, shall preclude neither amendment, nor a mo-
tion to strike out and insert;" the parliamentary
law being that the rejection of a motion to strike out
is equivalent to an agreement to the clause. The
Chatr decides that it is his duty to put the ques-
tion first on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
From that decision, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts appeals; and the question now is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee ? j
Tellers vjere demanded and ordered on the ap-
peal.
Mr. VINTON asked that an extract from Jef- t
ferson's Manual might be read before the vote was ,
taken.
The Clerk read the extract: it is as follows:
" Wben it is proposed to amend by inserting a paragraph
or part of one, the friends of the paragraph may make it
as perfect as they can by amendments before the question is
put for insertin* it- If it b? received, it cannot be amended 1
afterward*-, in th<> same stage; because the House baa, on a
vote, agreed to it in that form. In like manner, if it is pro-
posed to amend by striking out a paragraph, the friends of
the paragraph are firet to make it as perfect as they can by
amendments before the question is pat for striking it out.
If, on the question, it be retained, it cannot be amended af-
terwards, because a vote against striking oat is equivalent
to a rote agreeing to it in that form.'*
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave, as
a matter of justice from the committee, to say that
he was perfectly familiar with the parliamentary
law which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] ,
has caused to be read. The reason why the sec- .
tion must be amended before the motion to strike [
out is put, is, that the motion to strike out failing,
according to the law which has been read, is an
agreement to the section, and it cannot afterwards
be amended. But the 53d rule of the House,
which the Chair has read, qualifies that parlia-
mentary law by providing that the motion to
, strike out failing, it is then in order to amend the
section either bv striking out and inserting or by
adding to it. That is the ground on which the
Chair makes his decision.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the Chair
allow me to make a suggestion ? The object of the
rule of this House to which the Chair refers, vas
intended to enlarge, and not to restrict, the parlia-
mentary. By the parliamentary law, when a mo-
tion to strike out failed it amounted to an agree-
ment to the matter proposed to be stricken out.
The rule of this House changed this feature in
the parliamentary law so far as to provide that in
rase a motion to strike out should fail, that, never-
theless, the matter might be still amended. But
another feature in the parliamentary law is, that
when a motion is made to strike out certain words
the friends of the words may first have a vote
upon an amendment to them, not only because if
the motion to strike out fail they will thereby be
adopted without any further change or modifica-
tion, but because the propriety of the matter being
retained or stricken out may depend in a great
measure upon the success of the proposed amend-
ment. Take the case now before the committee.
Many members might vote to strike out the words
as they now stand, who would vote the other way
if the proposed amendment should be adopted.
The Chair says that after the vote be taken on the
motion to strike out, then, under our rule, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. AshmgnJ can
offer his amendment. But suppose a majority of
the committee are against the words as they now
stand, and accordingly vote to strike them out,
what would the gentleman from Massachusetts
then move to amend ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is wedded to
no opinion on this question. He has endeavored
to decide it according to what he believes to be the
correct ruling. However, he is the organ of the
committee, and will conform with pleasure to its
decision, whatever it may be.
The question on the appeal was then taken by
tellers, (Messrs. Venable and Fowler acting,)
| and the decision of the Chair was overruled—
I ayes 25, noes not counted—and Mr. Ashmun's
amendment was decided to be in order.
Mr. ASHMUN then offered the following
amendment to come in after the word '• act," in
the original second section:
" And any person who shall counterfeit, alter, or forge
I any letter stamps, or shall knowingly have in his pos<es-
I sion any false, forged, or altered letter stamps), with intent
to sell or use the same as genuine, shall be deemed to be
guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine not exceeding
five hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding tive
years." .
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to. '
The question then recurred on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Crowell] to strike out
the fourth section as amended; which motion was
not agreed to.
The Clerk then read' the fifth section of the
original bill, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sara of one million five hundred
thousand dollars to supply any deficiency that may arise in
the Past Offiee Department.
Mr. C ARTTER moved to strike out the section.
Mr. CARTTER said: This section of the bill,
as I understand it, provides that an appropriation
of $1,500,000 shall be made from the Treasury to
meet the probable deficit of the Post Office Depart-
ment resulting from the operation of the reduced
rates of postage. I ask, is it consistent for the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to support such an appropriation ? Is
it consistent with nis statement that an accumula-
ting, an increased revenue will be the result of
thsse reduced rates? I hope and desire that such
an increased revenue may result to the Post Office
Department; but I ask what consistency is there
in the committee proposing such an_appropri-
ation in the face of their recommendation of the
reduction of the rates on the ground that such a
reduction will effect an increase of revenue to the
! Department? What consistency is there when the
I honorable chairman of the Committee on the Post
i Office and Post Roads states that a large revenue
1 will accrue to the Department under the operation
of this low standard of postages, which he himself
has given to the bill? Where is the consistency,
I ask, when this is asserted, and when those who
are skeptical as to such results are told that they
lack information upon the subject ?
Granted that the honorable chairman be right, I
ask him, in justice to the Treasury that is pro-
nounced by the present Administration to be al-
ready in a deficiency, and incapable of defVayi.ig
the current expenditures of this Government—i ask
him to leave that Treasury alone; and if he has such
confidence in the Post Office revenue under the re-
duced rates, I say to him, rely upon it, and refrain
from touching the Treasury. Do not conceal the
fact of your opinions on the folly of these extreme
reductions, and then having adopted such reduc-
tions undertake to recover the consequent deficien-
cy out of the general Treasury.
Let the friends of this Post Office reformation
be wise, and justify by their votes on this appro-
priation their confidence in their expressed o; un-
ions.
Let us have no pretence of the results of the re-
duction of postage. If ti;" friends of the reduction
themselves do not believe what they profess, let
us not adopt the reductions at all. If the Trea.-ury
is to suffer by the reductions contemplated by the
proposed law, I do not think we should cany
such reductions out. It is because I would have
the Department sustained without drawing on the
Treasury; because I wish these reductions to be
tested on their own merits that I move to strike
out the appropriation of $1,500,000 from the gen-
eral Treasury. I think this is yet more consistent
when we have the testimony of the Administration
that the Government will be in a deficit this year
from $7,000,000 to $8,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Air. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
I am desirous of presenting a few remarks in re-
lation to the provisions of tlw bill as adopted in the
committee.
It is well known to the members of this com-
mittee, that my own views in relation to a proper
rate of postage to be established on letters, differs
somewhat with that the committee have seen fit to
adopt. I should have preferred to have three cents
upon prepaid letters, and five cents unpaid. As
| the committee have decided that there shall be a
i uniform rate of letter postage of three cents, making
! no distinction between prepaid and unpaid letters,
it is my conviction that it will result in causing a
greater deficiency in the revenue in the Post Office
Department, than is anticipated by the friends of
the measure. If the bill on its passage shall be
presented to me in its presentform, though in favor
1 of reducing postage, I must vote against it. The
amount to be drawn from the Treasury to sustain
the Post Office Department for two or three years
to come, will be more than I will sanction.
I will merely suppose, for the sake of illustra-
tion; that under the rates of postage as now pro-
posed the number of letters passing- through the
mail should amount to one hundred millions. I
will then estimate the amount of revenue upon
them at the rate contained in the bill, and at the
rates proposed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, which met with my appro-
bation and support.
With three cents prepaid, five cents unpaid, I
estimate the average rates of postage will be from
j three and two thirds to four cents. I will submit
an estimate at those rates. The one estimate sup-
poses that two thirds of the letters will be prepaid—
the other only one half. In conversation with an
officer of the Post" Office Department this morn-
ing, I learned that at that Department it was esti-
mated that for the past year forty per cent, of the
letters would be unpaid, provided the discrimina-
tion which I support was made. I will also sub-
mit an estimate on that basis, and from all tnese
estimates it will be perceived how much the dcficit.
of revenue will he increased by the rateadop.ed
1 by the committee instead of retaining the rates
i proposed by the Committee on the Post Office and
1 Post Roads. The revenue on one hundred mil-
lions of letters, at three cents, would be $3,000,000.
Let us suppose that fifty per cent, would be pre-
paid. At this rate, taking tne estimate of one hun-
dred millions as the whole number for the first
year that would pass through the niaii, the post-
age on prepaid letters would amount to $1,500,000,
