256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16.
while those unpaid -would amount to $2,500,000;
making a total of $4tOOO,OQO.
Again: if one third, or calling it thirty-three
millions of the number of letters more to De un-
paid, and two thirds prepaid, the revenue derived
from the unpaid letters at five cents each, would
amount to $1,650,000, while that on the prepaid
would amount to 010,000—making $3,660,000.
Thus, you see, it we take the first estimate of
fifty per cent, paid, and fifty per cent, unpaid, it
will produce one million dollars more revenue than
would a uniform rate of three cents. The first
would produce four million dollars, and the last
only three millions. Taking the estimate of one
third unpaid, and two thirds prepaid, and you will
have $3,660,000 against three millions, at a uniform
rate of three cents. But again: at the estimate of
forty per cent, unpaid, and sixty per cent, paid,
as estimated by the Department, you will have, on
the one hundred million* of letters, a revenue of
$3,800,000—making a difference of $800,000.
Thus the rate now contained in the bill will raise
from $660,000 to $1,000,000 less than the rates
which 1 tun in favor of. This increased deficit I
am not willing to incur, nor am I disposed to run
in advance of the recommendations of the Post-,
master General. You, on letter postage, create a
deficit of about $800,000 more than would be pro-
duced by adopting his recommendations, and the
country will expect the Department to be adminis-
tered without making a large drain on the Treas-
ury. But this is not all.
There is one other point, and I am done. I ad-
vert to newspaper postage. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] has stated there
are not less than one hundred and twenty thou-
sand magazines published in that city monthly,
which are not now sent by the mail.
On the motion of that gentleman, the committee
have consented to reduce the postage on that kind
of mail matter fifty per cent, when they are pre-
paid 
(Here the hammer feff.]
Mr. PHELPS. Is it in order to amend this
section before the question is taken on striking it
out?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has so de-
cided.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know if it would
be in order to amend this section of the bill by
striking out "one million and a hair' in the sec-
tion, and inserting another sum
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I would move, then, to amend,
by proposing an alteration in the sum proposed to
be appropriated, by making it "one million and
three hundred thousand."
I was about saying something in relation to
newspaper and pamphlet postage, when I had the
floor before. 1 say that the discrimination made
ought not to be submitted to by the country press,
or by newspapers generally. You permit maga-
zines, periodicals, &c., to pass through the mails
at a much reduced rate of postage from that which
is charged upbn newsprfjters. You charge one
cent for each newspaper, while the postage upon
pamphlets and periodicals is charged at the rate of
two cents for the first ounce, and one cent for each
additional ounce, whilst you also propose to reduce
t'le rate ofpostage on them fifty per cent., provided
it is prepaid.
The gentleman who advocated this amendment
thought it would be a great source of revenue to
bring these magazines and periodicals into the
mails, and have the Government carry them. As
far'as the expense is concerned, it would be better
for the mail if all printed matter were kept out of
it, for it does not pay a tithe' of the expense
required in carrying it. I say, therefore, that it
would be better for the Department if it could save
this expense, than to load down the mails with
books, pamphlets, and periodicals. There is no
advantage whatever to the Post Office Department
to prov.de by law for carrying bosks, periodicals,
and pamphlets through the mails, and the pub-
lishers of periodicals and magazines have found
that they can send their publications tp the most
distant portions of this Union as well without, as
with, mail facilities.
I) for one, have no desire to bring that additional
matter into the mails for the pittance of revenue
you will get, and by this means overload the mails.
Again, Mr. Chairman, provision is made here
for carrying bound books in the mails, provided
they do not exceed thirty ounces in weight. Un-
der that provision I may order a library of books
to be sent me, provided none of them exceed thirty
ounces in weight, to any portion of the Union,
and I may order them to be sent to me in those
portions of the country where the mail is carried
on horseback, and by that means overburden the
mails to the exclusion of letters and other mail mat-
ter. I am therefore opposed to giving this privilege
of carrying any bound books in the mails, except
they are those public documents which are publish-
ed by order of either House of Congress, and which
should be sent through the mails, in order to dis-
seminate information among the people. I would
permit all those books and documents to go through
the mails which are published by Congress, and
which are necessary to be distributed among the
officers of the Government of the United States.
But besides burdening the mails with books, you
will also, by permitting them to be transported in
the mail, injure the other mail matter which may
be placed in the same moil bag.
Again, Mr. Chairman, another provision has
been incorporated into this bill, and that is the per-
mission given to publishers of papers to circulate
their papers free within certain distances of the
office of publication, I believe within the county
or within thirty miles of the place where published.
There is another provision still, that newspapers
may be sent within the States where published at
a rate of fifty per cent, less than is charged upon
newspapers published in an adjacent State. When
I addressed the committee a few days ago, I there
showed that the amount of revenue from papers
did not defray the expense which the Government
incurred in their transportation. I also showed that
the Post Office Department could not get along
without this revenue derived from newspapers,
magazines, and other printed matter, amounting
for the last fiscal year to $919,000.
Yet at once, by the provisions adopted in com-
mittee, the amount of revenue derived from the
transmission of newspapers and other printed
matter through the mails is stricken down, so that
it will only amount to a nominal sum.
I estimate that the postage on newspapers and
other printed matter, at the present rates of post-
age, would amount, for the current fiscal year, to
$1,000,000, whilst under the provisions of the bill
I doubt if it will much exceed $300,000. I am in
favor of some reduction in the rates of postage on
this description of mailable matter; but we nave,
1 fear, gone too far. I have briefly given some
reasons why I cannot sustain the bill in its present
form, and I- 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] I shall vote against it,
and I hope the committee will sustain me in my
opposition.
Upon a former occasion I have expressed my
opposition to the reduction of postage which this
committee seems disposed to make, for the reason
that it will have the effect of charging the Post
Office Department upon the general Treasury. I
stated then, and I repeat now, that I am satisfied
that $1,500,000 will not be sufficient to supply the
deficiency in that Department the first year. And
I shall not be surprised if four times that amount
will be required.
I intend when this bill shall come before the
House, for its action, to record my vote against it,
section by section. But, sir, 1 shall make no fac-
tious opposition. I intend to fix the responsibil-
ity upon the majority of this House, who pass
the bill. If the Post Office Department be thrown
upon the general Treasury for its support, the re-
sponsibility rests upon them.
In the part I take in legislation, I have marked
out this course for myself: When I see a major-
ity of the House determined to pass a measure—as
they seem determined to pass this bill to reduce
the postage on letters to a uniform rate of three
cents, which will have the effect to throw the De-
partment upon the general Treasury for its sup-
port—I will interpose no factious opposition, and
will withhold no facilities which are asked by the
friends of the bill, in order to give it a fair trial.
It is for that reason that I shall vote against
striking out the section of the bill which makes
provision for supplying the deficiency in the Post
Office Department. I shall vote against the bill
when it comes before the House for its final pas-
sage, because I believe the Post Office Department
ought to be a self-sustaining department; and it is
I my firm conviction that it cannot sustain itself
with a three cent rate of postage. I believe this
freat reduction of postage will break down the
'ost Office Department; and I call on those gentle-
men who have opposed this leduction during the
discussion in the committee, not to interpose any
obstacles in the way of its operation which shall
throw the responsibility of its failure upon us.
For these reasons I am opposed to any amend-
ments which shall prevent this Department from
being sustained.
Mr. Chairman, from present indications, this
bill is to become a law, as far as the action of this
. House is concerned. I have opposed its passage,
for reasons which I have before stated; but if, as
present appearances seem to indicate, I have failed
in that opposition, then I shall go for perfecting
the bill in accordance with the wishes of the
friends of the bill. I will give it every opportu-
nity of success which its friends ask for it; but I
wish it distinctly understood that I will take no
responsibility in this matter upon my own shoul-
ders.
Having done my duty in attempting to save the
Department, by fixinga rate of postage that would
procure sufficient revenue to sustain that branch
of the public service, I will yield gracefully to
the will of a majority, who are to bear the respon-
sibility, and submit my opposition to be judged
by my constituents.
Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Chairmari, I move to
strike out "half a million of dollars" from the
section under consideration. I rise to express my
surprise that my colleague, who has said so much
about this bill, if adopted, having the effect to in-
crease the revenue, should now ask us to make an
appropriation of a million and a half of dollars
out of the Treasury to sustain the Department.
Now, if the gentleman was sincere in the remarks
he has made upon this bill, I cannot see why he
should come in at the end, and ask us to appro-
priate a million and a half of dollars.
The reason why I moved to strike out that sec-
tion of the bill is, that I believe the Post Office
Department ought to be a self-sustaining Depart-
ment, and that it ought not ta derive its support
from the general Treasury, until it is ascertained
that there is a deficiency in its own means of sup-
port. Another reason why I moved to strike it out
is, that we have heard the honorable chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
tell us, and heard the prominent friends of the bill
also, giving as reasons for a reduction of postage,
that the Department, under the reduction pro-
posed, would need no appropriation from the com-
mon Treasury to sustain it.
Sir, in making any opposition to the reduction
of postage, I protest against it all, and repudiate
all help tnat comes from such a source. A ques-
tion of the general interest and character of this
postage reform ought to be treated candidly and
fairly, for it is a reduction called for by the people,
just so far only as the revenues of the Department
will permit. The revenues of the Department are
my standard for the votes I have given and the
speeches I have made upon this subject. I am
willing to strain a point in this reform, but I
think that in making it we ought to guard the
general Treasury. Especially do I think it un-
wise to anticipate any deficiency that may arise in
the revenues of the Department, by providing for
an appropriation out of the general Treasury be-
fore we know that the Department needs it, and
before your experiment has suggested the neces-
sity of such assistance.
Mr. SWEETSER said: Mr. Chairman, my
colleague [Mr. Caktter] has departed from his
usual course of fairness to myself, in saying that
my remarks involved me in the worst kind of fac-
tious opposition to this bill.
Sir, I repeat, that I stated that I had waged a
manly warfare upon this bill, for reasons which I
gave at large during this discussion. With these
reasons ana arguments I am content.
I differ very widely from my colleague. He
seems to think that it is factious in me to avow
my determination to vote against his amendment
which seeks to deprive the Post Office Department
of the means necessary to carry on the service du-
ring the recess of Congress, Sir, it is admitted
by the chairman of the committed, (my friend,
Judge Potter,) that there will be a deficit in the
