THE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $150 FOR THIS SESSION.
3!?l Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY :20, 1851.
New Series No. 17.
revenues of the Department during the first year
of the taking effect of this bill, and in order to
meet that anticipated deficit, this section of the
bill wag recommended.
Now, sir, what is the duty of those who hare
waged a manly war upon this bill when they find
that a majority of the committee differ with them
n relation to the rate of postage that shall yield
sufficient revenue to sustain the Departmont, and
have fixed their rate at three cents uniform? It
seems to me, sir, that it is my duty to cease to
war upon the measure, and particularly that the
opponents of the measure as now fixed by the
committee, should yield theirconsent to the instru- ■
mentalities which all must see are absolutely ne-
cessary to give the measure a fair trial. Sir, such
aire my views. I have no end or aim in this matter
but the good of the public service. I may differ
with gentlemen, honestly, as I hope I have in this
discussion, and when I find that the coinmittej*
are determined to pass a measure, I feel it my dut}T
not to embarrass the practical operation of the
measure by striking from under them the very
machinery which they have constructed in order
to carry out the measure. In my remarks when
last up, to which my colleague has attached the
name of factious, I presented the committee with
my honest convictions of duty, from which I see
no good reason to depart. And my friend will
pardon me for saying that I cannot yield to his
suggestion or Buffer myself to be controlled by his
conceptions of duty in regard to his amendment.
The committee have my colleague's reasons for
characterizing my course as factious, and they
have mine for the course I have felt justified in
pursuing. It is for them to judge who is factious.
Mr. PHELPS asked permission to withdraw
the amendment he had just offered.
Objection was made, and the amendment was
not withdrawn.
The question Was then taken on the amendment
of IVlr. Phelps, and it was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. C a utter to strike out the section—
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers; which were
Ordered; and Mr. Williams and Mr. Meade
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected—ayes 39, noes 82.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to amend the bill
by adding another section, as follows:
Bsc. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of
any law which makes it the duty of post-riders, or other
carriers of the mail, to receive letters to be mailed, and.com-
pensates them for the service, is abolished, and the allow-
ance of two cents each to the postmaster, for the delivery
of free letters, is hereby abolished.
Mr. Chairman, in submitting this amendment
I desire, if 1 can, to accomplish some paving in
the revenues of Jhe Post Office Department. The
amount of compensation paid during the last fiscal
year to the carriers of mails, to the masters and
clerks of steamboats and vessels for the delivery
of letters to the post offices where they arrived,
amounted to something like $45,000. Under the
existing laws, it is made the duty of every carrier
of the mail one mile distant from a post office, to !
receive letters and deliver them into the mail. He i
is to receive from the Post Office Department two
cents for each letter delivered. The same pro- i
vision applies to masters and clerks of vessels and |
steamboats. They are also entitled to receive the i
same amount of compensation. The amount of |
compensation asked for here during the last year,
was something like #45,000. According to the (
estimate of the present fiscal year, they will I
amount to $50,000. i
I come now to the other part of the amendment, j
which is for abolishing the compensation which
postmasters have hitherto had for the delivery of
fetters. They were entitled by law to receive for |
all letters delivered two cents. This compensation
they were entitled to receive upon all letters not
«ddre&sed to themselves.
The late Postmaster General (Mr. Collamer)
estimated the amount of compensation paid for
' that kind of service during the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1849, to be $95,000, drawn from the
17
; Post Office Department. As I stated in my re-
! marks the other day, this provision for allowing
postmasters to receive two cents for the delivery of
each letter sent free through the mail, has been ;
much abused. -I found on examining the dead i
letters, that a great portion of this class of let- 1
ters in the deaa-letter office, on opening, proved
to be speeches and documents sent in envelops, 1
as they are often sent by members of this House,
but chiefly by the members of the other branch 1
of Congress. But on these the postmaster had
charged in every instance two cents each as com-
pensation. The amount which will be probably '
Faid this year for this service will exceed $100,000.
desire wherever I can to prevent an abuse of ;
the law, and effect a saving .to the Department if
I can. If this amendment shall be adopted, I in-
tend to follow it with another abolishing the com-
pensation paid to masters of vessels and steam-
boats for delivering letters to postmasters to be j
mailed, arid permitting them to receive the same j
compensation they now receive from the post- j
master, from the person delivering them ■ the let- j
ters.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I
move to amend the amendment to the amendment 1
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.'Phelps] by
striking out the latter part of it which relates to ;
the repeal of the law providing a compensation of i
two cents to postmasters for the delivery of free |
letters. I will remark, that that provision, if re- \
pealed, would deprive the postmasters and clerks !
in the city of Washington of almost the entire |
amount of their compensation for their services
under the present arrangement. Almost the only
compensation they now receive comes from the 1
amount allowed on the vast amount of free matter
that is delivered by them to the members of Con-
gress and to the various departments of Govern-
ment. If this provision were repealed there would
be scarcely any revenue left to support and sus-
tain the local Post Office in Washington city. If
you repeal this law you will have to make an ap-
propriation from the general Treasury of the 1
country sufficient to provide for the salaries of the
postmaster and all the clerks in the local Post
Office in this city.
I have remarked, oil several occasions, that if
you reduce the postage on letters to a uniform rate ;
of two cents, you will, by increasing the number !
of letters passing through the mail, more than |
double the amount of labor to be performed in the
various Post Offices of the country, and conse-
quently increase the expense of the Department to
an enormous extent, while yon will lessen the rev-
enue. Now, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] proposed to still further curtail the com-
pensation of the postmaster by taking from him
this two cent allowance.
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) I will remark
to the gentleman from Indiana, that the bill pro-
vides that the compensation of postmasters shall
not be reduced. It is to prevent this fraud which
is practiced by charging this two cents on printed
matter, which is not authorized by law, that I
have offered this amendment. They are author-
ized to charge the two cents on letters—not on other
mail matter.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. The effect is pre-
cisely the same. You cannot reduce the salaries
of the postmaster, and the result is, you must pay
the deficit out of the general Treasury. It is like
taking money out of one pocket and putting it
into the other. There is nothing saved in the
end.
Mr. PHELPS. I believe the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Brown,] is to
strike out the latter clause of my amendment. I
will admit that it may operate injuriously upon
the compensation of the postmaster in this city.
My only object is to prevent the commission of
I fraud. There is already a provision in the bill
that the compensation of postmasters shall not be
reduced below that in the corresponding quarters
of the last fiscal year. My object is to prevent
postmasters from charging for the delivery of free
matter which they are not authorized to do by
law. My object is to do that, and that alone. It
is not to reduce the compensation of postmasters.
There is already a provision in a preceding sec-
tion of the bill that that compensation shall not be
reduced.
The question being then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Brown, it was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Phelps.
Mr. DICKEY. Is it in order to offer a proviso
to the pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Such an amendment would
be in order.
Mr. DICKEY. I would offer, then, the following
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps:]
Provided, That the postmaster shall have a discretion-
ary power to test the utility and advantage of stamped en-
velops as a substitute for stamps to prevent frauds upon the
Post Office Department.
Mr. D. I cannot see, Mr. Chairman, why any
objection can be urged against the adoption of the
amendment which I offer, for it places in the hands
of the Postmaster General discretionary power
to test the advantage of stamped envelops over
stamps; and if the adoption of such a plan would
prevent frauds it certainly would be a desirable
thing. I trust that some provision of the kind
will oe incorporated in the bill, so as to leaveit dis-
cretionary with the Postmaster General to make a
trial of these stamped envelops.
The question being upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] it was
taken and carried in the negative.
Mr. POTTER. 1 would inquire of the Chair-
man if there is any amendment pending to the
bill ? v
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
Mr. POTTER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. 6. Jlndbfit further cnactcd, There shall bp
| upon all letters transported in the mails from any of the
Atlantic porta in the united States to any of the ports of the
l*nit'-d States upon the Pacific, or from any of the ports of
the United States apon the Pacific to anyofthe Atlantic port 
in the United States, which Khali be transported through
any foreign country, four times the usual rates; and upon
all newspapers, pamphlets, periodicals, magazines, books,
or other printed matter herein provided for, three times the
, usual rates.
Mr. P. Mr. Chairman, my object in offering
this amendment is to provide for the increase of
the revenues of this Department. I have said a
great many tijyies that the reduction of postage
would increase the revenues. I have endeavored
so to frame this bill in all respects that it might
obtain that end.
I Now, I know this amendment which I have of-
fered will be said to conflict with the general no-
tions which I have hitherto advocated in regard
to the subject of cheap postage. But I am dis-
posed to lay the amendment before the commit-
tee, and let them decide upon it as they please.
I have a list of the expenses for transportation
of the mails across the Isthmus, which was paid
to the Government of New Granada, which
amounts to $5,050.
Every item of mail matter that is sent across
the Isthmus costs twenty-one cents and seventy-
one hundredths per pound. I am inquired of by
some gentlemen, what the expense of(the trans-
' portation of mails to California is ? It is very
great.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I wish to in-
quire of the gendeman from Ohio, [Mr. Pot-
ior,] what is the amount of postage of letters
; across the Isthmus to Oregon and California ?
Mr. POTTER. I am not able to state exactly
i in figures what is the amount of postage derived
' j from the offices in California. It is impossible for
jj me to tell what the expense of transportation of
j letters across the Isthmus to California and Oregon,
! would be,because that isincludedin what it called
special service.
j Mr. McLANE. I would like to know what
i would be the difference between the amount re-
u ceived on a three cent rate and a twelve cent rate ?
