1851.
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
age as established by the Jaw of 1845. I also
think that the list of dead-letters n*eed be pub-
lished but once in each locality, and that in the
paper having the largest circulation. I hope my
amendment will be adopted.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
•nd it was agreed to,
Mr. POTTTeR rose to make a correction in the
second section of the bill. By a provision in that
section, newspapers circulating in the " State"
where published shall be charged one cent, under
two ounces. I wish to correct the section by in-
serting after the word "State,"" "and Territo-
ries." I hope the committee will agree to it.
No objection being offered, the correction was
made.  
Mr. POTTER moved that the committee now
rise and report the bill.
The committee refused to rise. i!
Mr. BROOKS offered the following amendment
•s an additional section; i
Sec. —. Jjnd be it further enacted. That it shall be the ||
duty of the Postmaster General, at all post offices wliere the !
ostmasters are appointed by the President of the United
by suitable carriers to be appointed by him for that purpose,
for which not exceeding one or two cents shall be charged,
and all sums so collected shall be paid into the Post Office
Department.
Mr. BROOKS. I have offered this amend-
ment because I believe that my former amendment
was not understood. The main object I have in
view in proposing* this amendment is to secure a
large income to the Post Office Department in the
large cities, where there is an immense amount
of daily correspondence. There are in my city
(New York) at the present time, some four or five
(I cannot speak accurately) private establish-
ments, distributing letters at two cents each. If
Government were to establish the system that I
propose, it would secure to them this amount of
correspondence, and under judicious arrangements,
it might be made, I have no doubt, to yield in my
own city alone, about twenty or thirty thousand
dollars per annum. It would facilitate a constant
intercourse between one part of the city and
another, and business men, instead of employing
private persons to do errands for them, would re-
sort to the post office at all times, and all occa-
.tales, to provide 'for conveying letters to the post office by • • sions for the purpose of sending their communi-
stablishing suitable and convenient places of deposit, and ; cations. It would not only be so with the city of
by employing earners to receive and dejmrit them in the^ew York, but with the city of Philadelphia, and
post office, and at all such officesit shall also be his dutyto*^ w ' ...  
cause letters to be delivered by suitable carriers, to be ap-
pointed by him for that purpose, for which not exceeding
one half cent shall be charged.
Mr. BROOKS said: My amendment, Mr.
Chairman, it will be seen, has reference to the
targe cities, such as my own city of New York,
ana others, in which the necessity for a cheap and
convenient system of postage is more felt and ad-
vocated. As regards the city of New York, which
has now a population of over five hundred thou-
sand, and with the sttburbs of Brooklyn and Wil-
iiamsburgh, &c., contains some seven hundred
thousand inhabitants—in such a mass of business
population, where a constant intercourse is being
kept up, if I had the control of the Post Office
Department, I Would establish a system by which
letters could be frequently and expeditiously dis
many other cities scattered in the populous parts
of the country. A post office system well organ-
ized in these cities, distributing letters six or seven
times a day, among a commercial people, would
be a benefit in business transactions, would much
facilitate constant intercourse, and, I believe, would
be calculated to bring in a large revenue, much
larger than what is received now by the Post Office
Department; and it would be at the same time a
cheap postage system.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment leaves it discre-
tionary with the Postmaster General to appoint
those post routes, and if its phraseology does not
suit the chairman of the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, I am willing to arrange it in
any way that he pleases, so that the object! have
in view is obtained.
tributed, and I would guaranty, as the result of# Mr. POTTER moved to amend the amendment
such a system, to give the Government a bonus 1 by
of (20,060 or $30,000 to the revenues of the Post
Office Department. If my amendment is adopted
by this committee, and a system such as I pro-
pose is organized in the cities, by the Postmaster
General, I would undertake that in the city of
New York alone, a profit of $20,000 annually
would accrue to the Department. .There are com-
panies in that city distributing letters three or
four times daily; and if there were a still greater
facility afforded for this constant intercourse, I j
have no doubt that much larger profits would be i
derived at a lower rate of postage than these cqpi- i
panies demand. I Jhink it would make an' impor- i
tant addition to the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, and hope, therefore, that my amendment [
will be adopted.
Mr. POINTER, who was inaudible at the Report- ,
er's desk, was understood to ask, on what ground j
one cent was proposed to be charged in some I
cases, and two cents in others ?
Mr. PHELPS. If I understand the gentleman's
amendment, it is intended to authorize the Post- !
master General to establish post routes. This ;
Fower is conferred upon us, and upon us alone. '
f Congress establish post routes, it then becomes
the duty of the Postmaster General to establish 1
service upon those routes. As I said before, if I '
understand the proposition it is intended to confer
upon the Postmaster General a power which alone :
can be exercised by Congress. So far as the ob- 1
ject contemplated by the amendment is concerned,
I approve of it, and I suggest -whether it be not I
better to establish the various streets in the cities j
as post roads, instead of vesting a power to make
them post routes in the Postmaster General.
Mr. POTTER made a few remarks in opposi-
tion to the amendment, which were inaudible to
the Reporter.
The question was then taken on the amendment, '
when it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS then offered the following amend-
ment:
inserting after the word " charged,"the words
to be paid by the persons sending or receiving
letters. If that is adopted, I will not oppose the
amendment.
Mr. BROOKS accepted the amendment as a
modification of his own.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose that I ought to
oppose this amendment. If this system was in-
, troduced into the city of Philadelphia, where my
experience is most extensive, I believe that it would
disturb one of the most beautifully arranged and
well-executed plans of letter-carrying that was ever
instituted. We have no complaints of the system
of letter-carrying there, and I fear that the adop-
tion of this measure would tend very much to dis-
turb a service that is very acceptable and highly
I approved of.
Mr. HAMPTON offered the following amend-
; ment to the amendment of Mr. Brooks:
Provided, Tliat the amount of compensation allowed by
ihe Postmaster General to carriers shall in no case exceed
the amount paid into Hie Treasury by each town or city
under the provisions of this section.
! Mr. H. said that the object he had in offering
1 this amendment was to prevent abuses under this
| system, if it was adopted.
| Mr. ALLEN, who was, owing to the noise in
j the Hall, but imperfr|^r heard, was understood
to say, that whilst tl^^roposed system might be
extremely beneficial to the large towns, such as
New York, in the smaller cities of the country it
j was not a matter that would be so much valued,
i or-that would be of such extensive usefulness. He
j doubted whether the expenses of such a system
I would answer in the smaller cities. Indeed, the
J facilities afforded for the transmission of commu-
nications in these towns were now equal to the de-
1 mands made upon them, and if the proposed sys-
' tem were to be established, it must be sustained in
j some other way than by the revenues arising
: from it.
j Mr. CARTTER moved an amendment pro
' forma, the purport of which the Reporter was un-
j able to hear, but which he withdrew at the close
! of his remarks.
Mr. C. said: I submit this proposition, not with
Sec. —. That it shall be in the power of the Postmaster
General, at all post offices where the posmastero are appoint- '
ed by the President of the United States, to establish post !   , .
routes within the cities or towns, to provide for carrying " any view of amending the bill, but for the purpose
nlenrplaces6o?deposi^ a^d bj^emplo^n^cam'era'to receive ;! ^ expressing a senUmentagauist the amendment
and deposit them in the post office; and at all such offices !| which has been oftered by the gentleman from
it shall also be in his power to mum lstter* to be delivered ; New York, [Mr. Brooks. J This Post Office De-
partment with all its machinery has become one of
the most volumnious and unwieldy branches of
the public service, totally impracticable in its- ad-
ministration, and involving an amount of execu-
tive patronage that is alarming in its political char-
acter. No Postmaster General, as Postmasters
General are now selected, is capable of judiciously
conferring all the appointments under the Depart-
ment. The time will come, sir, in the experience
of the postal department of this Government—and
it is already foreshadowed in its experience—
when more mail robberies will take place within
the post office organization than outside of it, and
owing to the fact that the appointing power knows
nothing about the appointees; and the additional
fact that the qualifications for appointments ori-
ginate, not in integrity and capacity, but in politi-
cal fealty. *
What is this proposition ? It is to make in the
city of New York—a city already overrun "by
legions of custom-house dependants—another le-
gion of office-holders for the purpose of public pa-
tronage. If I was a citizen of that town 1 would
pray sooner for a pestilence to visit it. The
Asiatic cholera would have less terrors for me, for
you can provide against that by chloride of lime
and cleanliness; [renewed laughter;] but you
cannot provide against the political vermin that are
hatched ip the heat of political corruption; it can-
not be done.
Well, now, sir, where is there any necessity for
this ? There is, in these large cities, under the su-
pervision of private enterprise, and resting'upon
private integrity, which is superior to any official
service, a system of penny postage that accommo-
dates all the localities of the cities, and meets, all
the demands of business. The proposition of the
honAable member from the city of New York is
to set Uncle Sam at the work of entering into com-
petition with these private companies. And what
is the reason? Why, he wants to command the
votes of this pack of poor scatterwags that he pro-
poses to appoint there, when the elections come
round.
If we had not a scuffle about North and South,
and whites and blacks, and so forth, that we ought
not to have, I would move an amendment of the
Constitution, taking away from the Executive the
appointment of postmasters, and conferring it upon,
and transferring it as a matter of security to the
immediate precincts of the post offices. But here,
instead of narrowing down the circle of executive
patronage, there is a constant.tendency to widen
it, and to multiply the appointments under the con-
trol of the Executive, and especially in the cities,
so that when you have got rid of professed corrup-
tion, practical corruption proceeds from the patron-
age of the Government.
Mr. CARTTER, by unanimons consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend tl£ amend-
ment by striking out the words " or two,' Svherever
they occur. His object in offering the amendment
was to furnish cheap postage. He did not think
the carriers should have two cents for each letter.
He had only to add, that it seemed to him-that if
this amendment was adopted, there should be
some limit placed on the postage for this service.
He hoped the words would be stricken out.
Mr. BROOKS said: I would adopt the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, but for
the fact that in some of the smaller cities—not the
size of Philadelphia and New York—it would not
pay without a two cent rate. In my own city a
one cent rate would yield a larger revenue than a
two cent rate; but in smaller cities, with a smaller
population, a larger postage is necessary. In my
own city, I think the postage might be safely put at
half a cent, and I believe that, under a well-organ-
ized system, it would yield a larger revenue than
a higher rate. Such a fact has Deen established
over and over again in all our business intercourse.
Thenyn in the large cities who prints apaperatfour
or five cents often finds that it does not pay, whilst
the man who publishes one at one or two cents
may reap large profits. So with the man who runs
an omnibus; if he charges high fare, he soon finds
that it does not pay, but if he reduces the fare to
five or six cents, he may soon make a fortune. I
have known a ferry company between New York
and Brooklyn almost fail on fares of three and six
centSj when from fares of one and two cents they
derive a princelv revenue. I have no doubt that an
amendment of this kindapplied to New York would
