•260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
tumble the Department, sooner or later, under a |
well-oiganized system, to obtain a large revenue j
there.
As to the patronage to which the gentleman from ,
Ohio mers, I care not for that. Patronage is
more trouble than benefit, but it must necessarily
rest somewhere, and there, in the good time coming
it may fall into the hands of the gentleman's friends,
and we shall be relieved from the burden of it. I
will only say further, that this system already
exists, but it is not a well-organized system, be-
cause it is not wholly in the hands of the Post Of-
fice Department The patronage now exists, but
it is not within the control of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and I am confident that a well-organized sys-
tem like this, under the control of the Postmaster
General, would yield a large amount of revenue
to the Department.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fowler's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The'question then recurred on Mr. Brooks's
amendment, and it was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM moved the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
Btr. 9. ~4iut be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to
reduce the poetage on letters to two cents on each half -
ouuee and fractional part of an ounce, when the revenues
of the Department, at the rates established by this art, shall
exceed its expenditures by more tban live per cent, for two
consecutive fiscal year*. .
Mr. P. said: It is not necessary that I should
enlarge, to any extent, in support of this amend-
ment. The people have long been looking for a re-
duction in the rates of postage. Petitions nave been
presented to Congress session after session for a
long period, for the purpose of obtaining wtdR the
country has desired—a reduction of the postage.
And, sir, so far as my observation extends, it is
my opinion thai the country will never be satis-
fied with the reduction of postage, until the reduc-
tion shall have come down to a uniform two cent
rate.
Now, that we seem to have the object before
us, there is a good degree of feeling—a very
general disposition manifested to reduce the rates
of postage even lower than they are now placed,
if circumstances shall seem to warrant such a
farther reduction. In the amendment I propose, !
I offer that which I think the country demands ,
and requires. At the same time I only offer it on j
certain conditions, on the safest conditions ima- I
ginable. And what are those conditions ? That i
whenever the revenues of the Post Office Depart- i
ment shall exceed the expenditures five per cent. !
for a period of two consecutive years, it shall '
be in tne power of the Postmaster General to re-
duce the rates of postage to two cents instead of
three, as now established, or rather proposed by
the bill Ader consideration. I can see no objec-
tion to such a proviso. It is extremely difficult to.
arrive at a reduction of postage and a hazardous
experiment; and whenever the period of time fixed
in the proviso I offer has expired, and the revenue
shall exceed the expenditures, then, I think, we
may safely make this further reduction. I see
nothing objectionable in the proviso, and I hope it
will be attached to this bill.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I think, Mr. Chairman,
that probably many sessions of Congress may pass
before the revenues of the Post Office Department
will exceed the expenditures, and I am willing to
let the Congress that shall be, under such a suc-
cessful issue of the reduced rates, legislate for
itself. I am, therefore, opposed to the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Putnam, and it was rejected.
Mr. CARTTER offered the following amend-
ment, as the eighth section of the bill:
" Beit further enacted, That the appointment of deputy
po«tma«ter  shall be hereafter vested in the District Courts
of tha United .States." . •
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, I cannot say that
I am much in love with that amendment myself,
but 1 regard it as a great improvement on the ex- :
is ting system. If I was to consult my own pref-
erences about it, as I remarked before, I would
commit the appointment of deputy postmasters to
the votes of the electoral district in which the post-
offices are located. They would appoint th£ best
postmasters—the most responsible and faithful
postmasters that could be procured. But that can- j
not be effected except by a revision of the Consti
tution; and that cannot be had now. This amend- '! There are no heads of bureaus in any 1 department
ment proposes to take from the Head of the I)e- of this Governmeat that perform more important
partment, and transfer t« the district courts of
each district in the United States the appointment
of postmasters. The Constitution provides that
" Congress may, by law, vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they tlnnk proper in the
President alone, in Congress alone, or in the
services than the Assistant Postmasters General.
In the organization of the Post Office Department,
in the first instance, when it was but a small con-
cern, these Assistant Postmasters General were
nothing more than chief clerks, having charge of
certain departments in that service; but now we
Heads of Departments." "Now, the advantage of have an immense post office system, and in its
the creation of deputy postmasters by the district ,j various, ramifications these officers perform more
courts of the United States would be, that you ! labor, and have more responsible dunes imposed
would bring the appointing power nearer to the
appointee. You would make him more familiar
with his character, and you would confer upon
him more capacity to judge of the capability of tlie
officer to discharge the tmst committed to him.
But even then, the appointing power would not
reside near enough to the appointee to know that
he was doing justice to the appointment. But the
chief advantage is that you would confer the power
of appointment upon the majority in the locality;
so that the appointees would not always concur in
the political sentiments of the administration of
the day. While the judge of one State might
prefer one class of politics, the judge of another
upon them, than any one of the Auditors that are
accounting officers of the Treasury. The First
Assistant Postmaster General has charge of all
the mail service of the country. To l.e sure, his
orders are approved by the Postnwster General,
(without whose approval nothing can be passed,)
but still the part which the Postmaster General
takes is nothing more than nominal. The Second
Assistant Postmaster General is charged with the
appointments to office in the various post offices
of the country, with their eighteen or nineteen
thousand postmasters; and the Third Assistant
Postmaster General is charged with all the finances
of the Post Office Department, of the whole reve-
tate might belong to another school of politics (fclnue, amounting to millions of dollars annually.'
M £ J J- 1 ' His acounts have all to be kept in the most correct
manner, imposing upon him not only labor, but
vast responsibility. I have offered this amend-
ment in justice to this deserving class of public
officers. I shall vote for it, and Lone that the
committee will adopt it.
Loud cries of " Question! Question!"
Mr. BROWN demanded tellersj and they were
ordered; and Mr. Brigcs and Mr. Haraison
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
ayes 42; a further count was not insisted on, and
the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS offered the following amend-
ment:
and you would therefore find dispersed over the
face of the Republic a set of men of various po-
litical complexions in the post offices, instead of a
set of political corporals, moved by a single hand,
and depending on a single power for their exist-
ence. It has become proverbial that the deputy
postmasters throughout the country are of no fur-
ther service to society than what partisan drill
makes them. They are mere toadies in the hands
of an Administration to do their dirty work through-
out the Republic. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I should like to break up this state of
things, and instead of subjecting them to the odi-
um of being mere tools of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, or the President, I would give them a sort of
respectability, and a character for doing their own
will, instead of being the mere dirty tools of one.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I suppose there is no dan-
ger that the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, proposing to take away the appointment of
postmasters from the head of the Government and
to vest it in the district courts, will be adopted.
But the gentleman in his amendment has said
nothing about the removal of these officers. Who
is to remove them.' Does the gentleman mean
that while the district courts are to make the ap-
pointments, the power of removal shall remain in
the hands of the Post Office Department ?
Mr. CARTTER. I was under the impression
that the powers were so nearly connected together
that the one would follow from the other.
Mr. KAUFMAN. It ought to be, as a matter
of course. But the gentleman's amendment does
not put them in that position. Now, suppose that
a postmaster is delinquent in paying his accounts,
who knows it but the head of the Department?
Can the district courts keep the accounts of the
postmasters, so as to ascertain whether or not they
are paid over ? Under the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the district courts would have
the power of removal as well as appointment, but
they could know nothing of the delinquencies of
postmasters, and they constitute frequent and the
proper grounds of removal of post office assistants.
I am satisfied that theraae no danger of this
amendment being adopted^md I will not, therefore,
detain the committee.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, offered the following
as an additional section of the bill:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of this act, the annual compensation of tht
Assistant Postmasters General shall lie the same as the
Auditors of the Treasury.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a point of order. He
held that this amendment was not in order, be-
cause it related to the salaries in the Department,
and the bill was to regulate the rates of postage.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order. 1
The amendment related to the Post Office Depart-
ment, and was therefore in order.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. Chairman, I offer this
amendment as an act of justice to the Assistant
Postmasters General. I desire to state that their
Sec. 13. Jlndbeit further fnaeted, That for the convey-
ance of the miyls on any railroad of the first class, the
Postmaster General shall not, in contracts hereafter to be
made, pay a higher late of compensation than $150 per
| mile per annum, nor for carrrying the mails on any railroad
| of the second class, a greater compensation than .$60 per
mile per anuum, nor for carrying tne mails on.any railroad
I of the third class, greater compensation than $30 per mile
j per annum.
j Mr. PHELPS. I am, Mr. Chairman, in favor
I of reduced postage. I have also expressed mv
] opinions in favor of curtailing the expenses of the
Pcwt Office Department. The investigation which
I have given to tRis subject, h« bjougnt me to the
conclusion that the amount of compensation, now
paid to the railroad companies of the United States
for the transportation of mails, is much too great.
Several laws have been passed in relation to thepe
railroads, one of them making them post roads.
Laws have been passed regulating the transporta-
tion of mails, at a providing for a maximum com-
pensation—that the Postmaster General shall be
authorized to pay not exceeding $300 per mile per
annum upon the first class railroads, not exceed-
ing $100 per mile per annum compensation in the
second class railroads; and upon the third class, a
■ sum not exceeding $60 per mile per annum, I
propose a considerable reduction upon all those
amounts of compensation to railroads. I propose
i that that reduction shall be as follows: That for
i the first class it shall not exceed $150 per mile per
annum; that for the second class it shall not ex-
ceed $60 per mile per annum;'and that for the
third class it shall not exceed $30 per mile per an-
num. The amount of railroad transportation of
mails in the United States during the last fiscal
year, was between six and seven thousand miles,
and the amount of money paid them as compen-
sation for the transportation of the mails during
the same time was upwards of $800,000.
I have ascertained that, for an equal amount of
service of a similar description performed for indi-
viduals, and for private express companies, for
which Congress is now paying so high, a much
i less sum is charged in proportion. I referred the
1 other day to the comparatiye expenses of the pri-
_ ; vate express between this city and Baltimore,
compensation at the present time is but $2,500 per i and of the mail between that city and this. I said
annum, whilst the compensation of the officers of that the cars conveying matter for both parties
the Treasury Department is $3,000 per annum, went at the same hour,and were of the samesize,
