262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.
to Its establishment within die term of three consecutive !
years.
Sbc. 14. .tnd kc itfmrtker enacted, That nothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to change, modify, or
repeal those laws which confer die privilege of sending or
receiving through the mails, "mailable matter" free of
postage.
Sec. 15. And be it fmiktr enacted, That all acts cr ports
of acts which come in conflict with the provisions of this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HALL said, that his amendment was one .
that required some examination, and he would
therefore move that the committee rise.
The motion teas not carried.
The question then recurred on Mr. Phelps's
amendment.
There were loud cries of " Question!" "ques-
tion!"
Mr. PHELPS. I have been laboring, during
the present session of Congress, to reduce the
rates of postage to that extent that would enable
the Post Office Department, after the first year, to
defray its own expenses from its revenues. 1 have
sought to reduce these rates of postage to as low
a rate as I thought was consistent with the public
interest, and with the revenues that might be
reasonably anticipated. I have no disposition at
All to wax with the views of a majority of this
House-, but, having advocated a reduction,I think
it only proper that I should place myself right in '
view of my opinions, by presenting a bill which
contains the opinions I entertain, and which is
essentially such a bill as I should have voted for.
I think that we are legislating recklessly, when
we commence by making a large reduction of the
postage, without, at the same time, doing our ut- j
most m curtailing the expenses of the Department '
in places where .they may be safely curtailed—
safely as regards the continuing to us the yme
mail facilities that we now enjoy.
I think it shows a disregard for true economy,
when we refuse to reform abuses which exist in
the Post Office Department, and when we have
them clearly pointed out to us, and really know
that they do exist.
In every measure of reduction of the expenses
of the Department that I have proposed, I have
been sustained by the reports of the previous Post-
master General, (Mr. Collamer,) who takes the
position I have done, for the abolition of all com-
pensation to postmasters for the delivery of free
matter addressed to this House. It is not my
object to reduce the proper compensation of post-
masters, but it is my object to prevent any abuses
in making up that compensation.
I propose to abolish that provision of the law
which makes it the duty of every mail carrier to
receive letters, and the money to pay the postage
on them, for the purpose of mailing them at the
next post office. I do not know that any material
delay of the mail has been caused by requiring the
mail carrjps to perform this duty, but it must be
evident to every one that persons living on the
the trade nnd navigation of the river Delaware, prayitag
Congress to enact such laws ns may be reqoisite to put the
public piers at Chester, Marcus Hook, ami New Castle, in
good condition, and preserve tl^em for public use.
By Mr. McCiUEEN: The memorial of the Wilmington
and Manchester Railroad Company.
By Mr. PUTNAM : The petition of Moses S. Osgood
and 9 others, citizens of the county of Wyoming, New
York, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law.
Also, tlie petition of R. W. Hevvett and 21 others, citi-
zens of Warsaw, New York, for the like object.
By Mr.WHITE: Tlippetuion of the citizens of Schenec-
tady, New York, praying for the passage of the bill " giving
further remedies to patentees."
On motion by Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania, the peti-
tion and papers of Jane Fertinburgli, late widow of Haw-
kins Boone, who was a captain in the Pennsylvania line of
the revolutionary army, on the files of ttie House, were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 16, 1851.
Mr. HUNTER presented the credentials of the
Hon. James M. Mason, chosen a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Virginia for six years,
from the 4th day of March, 1851; which were
read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER said: I am charged with the
presentation of a memorial from John Rhyle and
other inhabitants of Paterson, in New Jersey, silk
manufacturers, dyers, and others, interested in the
silk trade of the United States. The petitioners
set forth the unequal and the unjust operation of
the tariff of 1846 upon their branch of business.
They state that a duty of fifteen per cent, ad
i valorem on raw silk is imposed by the tariff of
; 1846, and that only from fifteen to twenty-five per
i cent, is imposed upon the manufactured article.
That, owing to this want of discrimination be-
; tween the raw silk and the manufactured silk, the
' spinners and manufacturers of silk in that county
cannot compete with the foreign manufacture.
They also state that the law of 1846 is more op-
| pressive, inasmuch as no-other Government now
imposes any duty upon raw silk, and therefore
many foreign silks that come in competition with
ours, not having paid any duty on the raw mate-
rial , can be sold here at nearly the same price that
the American manufacturer is compelled to pay
for the raw stock before he commences to manu-
facture it. They also state that the difficulties of
competing with the foreign manufacturer, is
further increased by the heavy duties imposed un-
der our tariff on all drugs and dye-stuffs used in
the process of cleaning and coloring silks, and
from which the foreign manufacturer is exempt
by the laws of his country. England has not
only abolished duties on raw silk and dye-stuffs,
but she also protects her slik manufacturers by
imposing a duty on " silk or satin, striped or fig-
ured, or brocaded, or plain ribands, of more than
one color, ten shillings sterling per pound weight,
and in addition to this a duty of five per cent, ad
post roads might s<J frequently require the driver m volorem, making the entire duty on these goods
♦ n li!a artfl fn tVk 1 n anwrrlnn I TtMrlv ^Arftr nor Pan I '' 'I 'U /■  ~ /• 
to stop his team and coach to perform this service
as to prevent the mail from reaching its place of
' destination within the time prescribed by the De-
partment.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES moved that the committee rise, and
demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Sweetser
and Butler were appointed.
The question was taken, and resulted ayes 76,
noes 73.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the committee had had under consid-
eration the bill to reduce and modify the rfttes of
postage, but had come to no resolution thereon.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
The House tnen adjourned.
PETITIONS, fcc.
_ following petitions and memorial^ were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriat "committees:
By Mr. BUEL: The petition of Samuel Pitts and others,
citizen* of Michigan, praying for the passage of a law
against the introduction of products manufactured by-ma-
chine* of American invention in the British provinces.
By Mr. FULLER: The memorial of Messrs. Wheeler .f tv - ... . y "
fc 8on., of Eattport, Maine, praying Congress to improve 1 lmfedlatf repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Richmond Island harbor, adjacent to Cape Elizabeth, on Also, three petitions from citizens of the State
the coast of Maine. of Pennsylvania to the same effect; which were
nearly forty per cent." The pe'tition sets "forth
many other important facts, all showing the un-
just and unequal operation of the tafiff of 1846,
and calling upon Congress to relieve the industrial
pursuits of the country from the unwise and indis-
criminate features of that law. These petitioners
do not ask an incr&se of duties on silks, but that
a proper discrimination be made between the raw
material and the manufactured article.
I desire to call the partiMIar attention of the
committee who shall have this subject under con-
sideration to the facts set forth in this petition.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of in-
ventors in New York, and others interested in
patents, asking that no action may be taken by
Congress during the present session on the bill to
amend the patent laws; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD that the memo-
rial be printed, the motion was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. SEWARD also presented five petitions of
inhabitants of the State of New York, asking the
By Mr. PARKER: The memorial of Martha R. Broad u*,
Uef °W 0 °®cer of the Revolution,'praying for re-
etition of Jamei O. West
.-5^!C.!TREE®^EY'• Th® Potion of Jamei O. West i   «uzeu oi ureorgia, Mr. John James
and IU3 others, citizens of the United States, interested in ,, Flournoy, who says in his paper that while he i
laid on the table.
Mr. DAWSON. A petition has been sent to 1
me from a citizen of Georgia, Mr. John James
J makes no-pretension to guide so respectable and
jj intelligent a body as the United States Senate, yef
he thinks tlmt a few hints from obscurity and
weakness may nevertheless be of some use in
their deliberations. He suggests that Government
i should reserve some of the richest portions of the
mining districts in California to be worked by its;
own hands,and the proceeds retained in its own
coffers, and hints tlurt means could be obtained to
make the road which Senator Benton proposes
to extend to the Pacific. He tells us that, by
taking possession of the golden mountain, and
converting it, with a mint near,Into a source of
ample revenue, the President would have funds to
> answer all the appropriations of Congress, and
! [ monopolies would be prevented from usurping the
| place and perquisites that properly belong to the
I nation in its collective character. The petitioner
humbly but earnestly beseeches the great men of
his country to confide the matter to the considera-
tion-of some committee, whose deliberations might
throw light on the subject. I (To not know of any
I more appropriate committee to serrcf it to than that
I on the Public Lands, and I will make that mo-
i tion.
^ Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Refer it to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well; let it be Finance,
then.
The memorial was so referred,
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Richland, in the county of Oswej-o, in the
State of New York, asking the-prohibition of sla-
very inr the Territories of Utah and New Mexico,
and he moved that it be referred to the Committee-
on the Territories.
Mr. CLAY. I move that ft be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. SEWARD also presented a memorial from
citizens of the same place, asking that slavery
may be abolished in the District of Columbia and
all other Territories of the United States wherein
it may exist; and he moved that it be referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, it was ordered that
the petition lie on the table.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Thomas
Butler, asking compensation for work done in
building thejlight-house on Execution Rock not
required by his contract, and for damages caused
by deday on the part of th£ Government in not
selecting the proper site-, which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of Jane
Jones, formerly wife of Hezekiah Douglass, de-
ceased, asking compensation for the transportation
of troops by her late busband during the Florida
war. This memorial was accompanied by another,
signed by a very large number of members of the
Legislature and others, in favor of the claim; both
of which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a resolution adopt-
ed at a regular meeting of the Industrial Congress
held in the city of New York, in favor of imme-
diate action by Congress on the bill providing
for the modification of the patent laws; which was
read and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAWSON presented a memorial from the
late and present registers and receivers of the
land office at Shawneetown, Illinois, asking an
increase of "compensation for locating military
bounty land warrants; which was ordered to he
on the table.
Also, an additional document in relation to the
claim of William Nevins, for an extension of his
patent; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Saco, in the State of Maine, asking the
immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law; which
waS laid on the table.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from clerks
in the Baltimore post office, asking an increase of
compensation for their services; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Host Roads.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was ordered
thftt Arris Crosby have leave to withdraw his pe-
tition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whiph was referred the
