1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
memorial of John S. Knox, tusking indemnity for
losses occasioned by explosion of ordnance stores,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same; which whs agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Pamelia Preswick, in be-
half of herself and others, heirs of William Wig-
ton, for services during the late war with Great
Britain, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Marie Mason, asking ar-
rears of pay due her husbahd, Major Milo Mason,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of John A. Bryan for com-
pensation in negotiating em Indian treaty, asked
to be discharged from the farther consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
House bill for the relief of John Dearmit, reported
back the same without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the officers and soldiers who served in Califor-
nia, asking the passage of a law granting them
extra pay and compensation in consideration of
the high price of living, &c., and the resolution of
the Senate directing an inquiry into the propriety
of raising the pay of officers in California, submit-
ted an adverse report on the same; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr PEARCE^from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a joint resolution concerning; the
distribution of the works of the Exploring Expe-
dition; which was read and ordered to a second
reading. i
Mr. PEARCE. I ask that it may have its sec-
ond reading now.
The PRESIDENT. That requires the unani-
mous consent of the Senate—if no objection is
heard the resolution will be read.
No objection having been made, the resolution
was read, as follows:
fie it renlvei, Sfc., That the Librarian of Congress be
and is hereby directed to procure and deliver to the Secre-
tary of State one copy of the Narrative of the United StateB
Exploring Expedition under Capt. Wilkes; and the Secre-
tary of State is hereby directed to deliver the same to the
Government of Mexico, in lien of the copy heretofore deliv-
ered, which was destroyed by fire with the building where
it was lodged, in the city of New York, before it could be
shipped for its destination.
>4nd be it further reaohied, That one copy of the works
of the Exploring Expedition, now published and to be pub-
lished hereafter, be given to the Library, of the United
States Military Academy, one copy to the Library of the
Naval School at Annapolis, and one copy to the Smith-
sonian Institution.
The resolution was then considered in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and no amendment having
been made, it was ordered to be engrossed, and
was read a third time and passed.
8URGEONS IN THE PUBLIC SERVICE.
Mr. DICKINSON, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a Joint
resolution to provide for placing medical officers
of the Navy upon the same footing with medical
officers of the Army for similar services; which
was read a first and second time by its title and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over under the rules:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, so far as it may be compatible with the
pnblic interest, all the correspondence between this Gov-
ernment and its Ministers relating to the prisoners captured
by the Sjmnish authorities at or near the Island of Contoy;
and also all the correspondence between the said Govern-
ments and the Ministers thereof respectively, relative to ;
any projected expedition to the Island of Cuba, not here- j
tofore communicated to Congress. j
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day, objection having ]
been made to its consideration: j
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, Friday of each
week, after one o'clock, be set apart for the consideration I
of private bills.
british interference ik central america.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I desire to
submit the following resolution:
Remind, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to lay before the Senate, if not Incompatible with
the public interest, all the information in his possession
touching the difficulties between the British authorities and
San Salvador; the blockade of the coast of that republic
by the British fleet; the invasion of Guatemala by the
forces of San Salvador and Honduras; and such other mat-
ters connected there with as materially affect the interests ofI
the United States, or threaten the independence of Central |
America. j
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. Presideut, I take the lib- !
j erty of offering this resolution, and hope, as it is j
I merely one of inquiry, that it will be permitted to
• pass by unanimous consent. The information
upon which I base it, I gather from the public
papers, and Iaseek by this resolution to procure
, more reliable information. That country, as is
well known to Senators, has been for a long time
in a most distracted condition. Dissensions of
; the most bitter and hostile character have pre-
vailed throughout the States of Central America.
Now, sir, these dissensions have had their usual
, consequence.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator's resolution
must be received before he can discuss it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to state the reasons
why I ask the consent of the Senate to consider
; this resolution now.
These dissensions placed the country in a most
: inexplicable condition. I stated that I have no
I information but that contained in the public pa-
I pers. I have had no conversation, no communi-
! cation with the Departments, or any member of
the Departments; but I seek reliable information
on this subject. I hold in my hand a paper—and
' it is one which I esteem very highly—and if the
, accounts in that paper be correct, or even sub-
stantially correct, it is time some action should be
had on the matter. It seems from this paper that
on the 16th day of last October, Mr. Chatfield, )
who is the British agent in Central America, noti-
fied San Salvador, or the Government of San Sal- l
vador, that in ten days, unless they complied with
his demand, the whole coast would be placed under
blockade by the British fleet. In ten days ! Some-
thing very prompt, decidedly. Mr. Chatfield
must be a faithful disciple of his master. He
only gave ten days to meet his requisition, his de-
mand; then, if they did not comply with these"
demands, he woula blockade the coast by the
British fleet.
I find from this paper, again, that thePresident
of that little republic remonstrated against this
outrageous conduct, and appealed to the mediation
of the French Consul. This mediation, so far as
I can perceive, was wholly disregarded by the
British agents, and servants, and authorities in
Central America. The next step is the blockade
of the coast—of the whole coast. The commander
of the British frigate Gorgon, on this occasion,
when notifying the commandant of Acatfutla of
this blockade, uses terms that are exceedingly
characteristic. Sir, he tells that commandant that
the whole coast is blockaded; that the squadron
, consists of eleven vessels; that that force is to re-
; capture Tigre Island, and if there is any resistance,
! and if provisions and water are not supplied, the
j town is to be bombarded, and the city and inhabi-
I tants all destroyed. This is a feeble country—the
■ ally of Great Britain—and this is the way in which
it is treated.
1 I will not enter further into details. The coun-
try has resented this aggression. The forces of
San Salvador and the forces of Honduras have
j now entered Guatemala. They have carried the
I war there—into tlWKentre of British power—to the
' headquarters of this British official dictator, Mr.
; Chatfield, and they have determined there to re-
verse that dictation, or yield their independence to
Great Britain. Now, we have entered into a treaty
with Great Britain, very recently. I was strongly
in favor of that treaty. Its objects, as I under-
stood 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is again under
the necessity of apprising the Senator that discus-
sion is not in order until the resolution has been
received.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, sir, I hope I shall have
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will be heard. He is speaking upon a subject
upon which I have long wisned to near something.
If, however, he cannot be permitted to make his
explanation at this time I hope the rule which pre-
vents his explanation will be enforced on all future
occasions in relation to all other Senators.
Several Senators, Hear him-.
Mr. SOULE. I hope the Senator wiH be per-
mitted to proceed.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
to the consideration of the resolution it will now
be taken up.
Several Senators. Agreed ! agreed 1
Mr. PHELPS. Let it lie over.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the Senator will be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator from Illinois
will be allowed to make his explanation.
Mr. HALE. I hope he will, for the Senator
from Mississippi would not ask it. if it was not
highly proper. He objected to my proceeding
yesterday, and he would net to-day approve such
a course if it were not right. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has certainly
no disposition to interfere with the honorable Sen-
ator, but he is here to enforce the rules which are
departed from in many instances. He yesterday
gave notice that he would be under the necessity
in future of confining gentlemen within the strict
limit allowed by the rules; therefore, until the
resolution is under consideration, it is not a sub-
ject for <fiscus8ion. If, however, it be the pleasure
of the Senate, the Senator can proceed. The
Chair has certainly not the slightest objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hear no objection. I think
theunanimous consent of the Senate is given.
Mr. SHIELDS.* I have but a very few remark*
to make, and perhaps it will save time if I make
them now. I nave stated that,as I understood it,
the object of our recent treaty with England was
to prevent or avoid those difficulties which are now
occurring in Central America. I was in "favor of
that treaty at the time, because I believed it would
rid us of difficulties which I knew existed in that
pffc.of the continent between the States of Cen-
tral America and British officials, perhaps not
countenanced by the British Government, but cer-
tainly transacted in that country. That treaty-
was somewhat at variance with the policy of this
country. It was a departure from our usual and
recognized policy. We made a joint treaty with
a great European Power, a thing that our policy
does not admit of; and a treaty that entangled us
with that Power in regard to the affairs of this
continent. I was in favor of it then, but now I
confess that the working of the treaty, as it is ex-
hibited in Central America, satisfies me that it was
a very dangerous experiment. I have the most
implicit confidence in the Administration, so far as
; this matter is concerned, also in the distinguished
| head of the State Department; and I have confi-
. dence in the enlightened and intelligent representa-
j tive of Great Britain at Washington. But if the
reports in these papers be correct; if the difficul-
ties be as great as they are represented here, that
tflArf these States, driven, as it were, by despe-'
have waged war against the British Power
in Guatemala; tnat-their forces havaaovaded Gua-
temala; that the British fleet has nockaded the
coast, there is war. There is war throughout
Central America, if these reports be correct.
What I want to know is, whether these reports
are correct. I want some reliable information from
the Department whether we have a fleet there to
watch the American interests, or whether there is
nothing there but a British fleet; whether these
countries are now at war with Great Britain. If
they are at war, we know what the result of that
war must be—those countries, from being nomi-
nally, will become actually dependent on Great
Britain. And perhaps at this moment Britain is
in actual possession of a large portion of that
country.
I ask honorable Senators if they are ready, or
if this country'is ready to give any portion of
that part of this continent—Central America—to
the possession of any great European Power?
Sir, it is a bridge between the possessions of this
country on the Atlantic and Pacific. How does
the case stand? Costa Rica, Nicaragua, 'frre
Island, and now Honduras, and San Salva^-,
and Guatemala falling under British domination.
As I remarked before, I have the utmost confidence
in tne Administration, and in the able representa-
tive of the British Power here, but I hola that at
this time the British agent, the British official dic-
tator in Central America, has so entangled the
matter that I doubt very much whether diplomacy
Can ever disentangle it. That is my fear, and that
is the reason I seek this information.
Mr. PHELPS withdrew hit? objection to th«
