1851,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO#E.
26T
tion of the bill. 1 ask, sir, if it is competent to
ask a division of the vote upon that question
The SPEAKER. The vote cannot be divided.
A motion to strike out and insert is indivisible.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment to the first section, and determined
in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Andrews,
Ashmun, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth,
Breck, Brims, Brisbin, Brooks, Buel, Butler, E. C. Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwin,
Croweli, Danner, Deberry, Dickey, Doty, Duncajn, Durkee,
Eliot, A. Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Gerry,
Giddings, Gilbert, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Henry, Hoa^and,
Holmes, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hunter, . T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, James G. King, John
A. King, Preston King, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morehead, Mor-
ris, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peck, Ph®mi, Pitoian, Potter,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risleyj Rockwfi^ R^. Rosc,
Ross, Rumsey, Sackett. Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, S paulding, S prague, Stetson,
Tavlor, James Thompson, John B. Thompron, Thurman,
Tuck, ilnderhill, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Went-
worth, Whittlesey, Wright, and Young—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Bocock, Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William
J. Brown, Bullard, Burrows, Burt, Cartter, Chngman, W.
R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Duer,
Dunham, Edmundson^wing, Feathereton, Freedley, Ful-
ler, Gentry, Gorman, Han, Hamilton, Haralson, Isham G.
Harris, S. W. Harris, T. L. Harris, Haymond, Hilhard,
Holiaday, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kerr, La S«re,Job Mann,
Mason, McClemand, McDowell, McKissock, McLanahan,
RobertM. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Meade, John K.
Miller, MiUson, Morrison, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Parker,
Peaslee, Penn, Phelps,PoweU,Robbins, Robinson-Savage,
Bhepperd, StaAly, Frederick P. Stanton, Sweeteer,Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Torthibs, Van Dyke, Venable, Watkms,
Wellborn, White and Williams—83.
Mr. GREEN, who was not within the bar
when his name was called, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to have his vote recorded.
Objection was made, and permission was not
granted.
So the amendment to the first section was agreed
to.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment to the second section of the bill, it
was put, and the amendment was concurred in.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment to the third section of the bill,
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The amendment to the fourth section was then
concurred in without a division.
The question was then on agreeing to the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section:
Sec. 7. That it shall be in the power of the Postmaster
General, at all post offices where the postmasters are ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, to establish
post routes within the cities or towns, to provide for carry-
ing letters to the post office by establishing suitable and con-
venient places of deposit, and by employing carriers to re-
ceive and deposit them in the post office; and at all such
offices it shall also be in his power to cause letters to be de-
livered by suitable carriers to be appointed by him for that
purpose, for which not exceeding one or two cents shall be
charged, to be paid by the person receiving or sending the
same, and all sums so collected shall be paid into the
Post Office Department: Provided, That the amount of
compensation allowed by the Postmaster General to car-
riers shall in no case exceed the amount paid into the
Treasury by each town or city under the provisions of this
flection.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays on
the question, and they were ordered. The ques-
tion was then taken, and the result was—yeas
106, nays 89—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Ashmun,
Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Briggs,
Brooks, William J. Brown, Burrows, Butler. Joseph Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,Cole, Conger, Corwin,
Croweli, Deberry, Dickey, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Eliot,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fieedley, Gen-
Sy, Gilbert, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell,
alloway, Hammond, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry,
Billiard, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, Kerr, James G. King, John A. Kina, Preston
King, Horace Mann, Matteson, McDonald, McKissock,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Morton, Nelson,
Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Peaslee, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Put-
nam. Reed, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rum-
sey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhom, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Spraeue, Stanly, F.
P. Stanton, Stetson, Taylor, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Went-
amm . m MlU IXTIiWa an/1  1M.
Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Breck, Bnsbtn, Jsurt, z,. caoen,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Clarke,
Cleveland, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Danner, Dimmick, Disney, Dot}', Dunham, Edmundson,
Ewing, Feathcrston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Giddings, Gor-
man, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Holiaday, How-
ard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, kaufman,
La Sfere, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason,
McClernand, McDowell, McGaughey, McLanahan, Robt.
M. McLane, F. |E. McLean, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, ,
Mil)son, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peck, Penn, j|
Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robinson, Ross, Savage. Sed- i
don, Sweetser, Thomas, JacobThompson, John B.Thomp- j
son, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, and Young—89. ,
The question recurring on ordering the bill to be 1
engrossed and read a third time, it was put and !
carried in the affirmative.
The bill having been engrossed, it was read the •
third time.
And the question now being, Shall the bill
ass ?—  
Mr. POTTER moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question was
ordered.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays cm
the passage of the bill; and they were ordered.
Tne question was taken and carried in the
affirmative—yeas 130, nays 75—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Ashmun,
Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowlin, Breck. Briggs,
Brisbin, Brooks, Buel, Burrows, Butler, Joseph Cable, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole,
Conger, Corwin, Croweli, DarAer, Deberry, Dickey, Dim-
mick, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gerry, Giddings, Gilbert,
Gilmore, Qoodcnow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Ham-
mond, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Milliard,
Hoagland, Holmes, Howard, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, Julian, Kerr, James G. King, John A. King, Pres-
ton King, La S&re, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann,
Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, Meacham, John K. Miller, D. F. Miller,
Morehead, Morris, Morrison, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Olds,
Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phccnix, Pitman,Potter, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhom, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Stetson, Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Tuck,
Underbill, van Dyke, Vinton, Walao, Wentworth, White,
Whittlesey, Wilmot. Wright, and Young—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd, William J.
Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Cartter, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel,. Disney, Duer, Dunham, Edmundson,
Ewing, Featherston, Fuller, Gentry, Gorman, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Haralson, Isfaam G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, T.
L. Harris, Holiaday, Houston, Inge, Joseph W Jackson,
Andrew Johnsota, James L. Johnson, Robert W Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, McClemand, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Willie, Meade, MiUson, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Penn,
Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sed-
don, Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser,1Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wat-
kins, Wellborn, and Williams—75.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
So the bill was passed; and,
On motion by Mr. VINTON, the title of the bill
was amended by adding thereto the words " and
to provide for the coinage of three cent pieces."
The bill as passed is as follows:
A BILL to reduee and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and to provide for the coinage of three-
cent pieces.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and after tne 30th day of June, 1851, ail
letters carried in the mail shall be charged with postage as
follows: Upon each letter not weighing over one half
ounce, three cents; and for each additional half ounce or
fraction of half an onnce, three cents: Provided, That no
post office now in existence shall be discontinued, nor shall
the mail service on any mail route in any of the States or
Territories be discontinued or diminished in consequence
of any diminution of the revenues that may result from this
act: And provided, further. That it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to establish new post offices and place
the mail service on new mail routes established, or that may
hereafter be established, in the same manner as though tlfis
act had not been passed: And provided, further, That the
compensation.of no postmaster shall be diminished in con-
sequence of the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, There shall be charged
upon each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, magazine,
book, and every other description of printed matter, which
shall be unconnected with any manuscript or written mat-
ter, and which it may be lawful to transmit through the
mail, of no greater weight than two ounces, one cent; and
for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, one cent.
Bound books, not weighing over thirty ounces, shall be
deemed mailable matter under the provisions of this sec-
tion : Provided, That newspapers delivered in the State or
Territory where printed shall be chargeable with only one
half the foregoing rates: Provided, further, That no post-
age shall be charged upon any newspaper mailed and deliv-
ered within the county where printed, or within thirty
miles of the place where printed: Provided. further.
That the free circulation of newspapers within the county
where printed, or the distance of thirty miles of the place
where printed, as hereinbefore provided, shall be confined
to actual subscribers receiving their papers from the officer
where printed: And provided, further, That fifty per cent-
shall be deducted from the postage on magazines when
that postage shall be prepaid-
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful to coin,"at the Mint of the United States and its branches,
a piece of the denomination and legal value of three cents,
or three hundredths of a dollar, to be composed of three
fourths silver and one fourth copper, and to weigh twelve
trains and three eighths of a grain ; that the said coin shall
ear such devices as shall be conspicuously different fronr
those of the other silver coins, and of the gold dollar, but
having the inscription " United Startes of America," and it 
denomination and date; and that it shall be a legal tender in
payment of debts for all sums of thirty cents and under.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, It shall be the duty of
the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to all deputy
postmasters, and other persons applying and paying there-
for, suitable stamps of the denomination of three cents to
facilitate the prepayment of the postages provided for in
this act; and any person who shall counterfeit, alter, or
forge, any letter stamps, or shall knowingly have in hi*
possession any false, forged or altered letter stamps, with
intent to sell or use the same as genuine, shall be deemed
to be guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not ex-
ceeding five years.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, die stun one million five hundred
thousand dollars to supply any deficiency that may arise in
the Post Office Department.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That lists of letters
remaining uncalled for in any post office, for the space of
two weeks, in any city, town, or village, where a newspa-
per shall be printed, shall hereafter be published once only
in a newspaper, which being issued as frequently as any
other, shall have the largest circulation within the range of
delivery of said office, to be decided by the Postmaster
General, under such regulations as shall be prescribed by
him, at a charge not exceeding three cents on each letter
called for. And the postmaster at such office is hereby di-
rected to post in a conspicuous place in his office a copy of
such list on the day or day after the publication thereof r
Provided, however, If the publisher of any paper herein
specified shall refuse to publish the list of letters as provided
in this section, the postmaster shall designate some ether
paper in which such list shall be published; andsuch pub-
lisher, so refusing, shall be deprived of all the benefits of
this act, and the free exchange now provided by law.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the
power of the Postmaster General, at all post offices where
the postmasters are appointed by die President of the
United States, to establish post routes within the cities or
towns, to provide for conveying letters to the post office by
establishing suitable and convenient places or deposit, and
by employing carriers to receive and deposit them in the
post office, and at all such offices it shall 8lso be in his
power to cause letters to be delivered by suitable car-
riers, to be appointed by him for that purpose, for which
not exceeding one or two eents shall be charged; to be paid
by the person receiving or sending the letter; and all sums
so received shall bs paid into the Post Office Department r
Provided, The amount of compensation allowed by the
Postmaster General to carriers shall in no case exceed the
amount paid into the Treasury, by each town or city, under
the provisions of this section.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
BAYLY gave notice that he would, on to-
momw, ask the House to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the IJmon on the'general
appropriation bills.
Pending the motion of Mr. DANIEL—
On motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CASEY gave notice that on to-morrow, or «mt
subsequent day, he would introduce a bin with the follow-
ing title:
" A bill granting a portion of the public lands to die
State of Pennsylvania, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of the Junction and Williamsport Railroad,
and the completion of the Williamsport and Elmira Railroad,
and to aid in the completion of the North Branch Canal,
and to increase the common school fund of said State.''
PETITIONS, he.
The following petitions, memorials, fcc., were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to appropriate commit-
tees:
By Mr. UNDERHILL: The petition of John Morrison
and others, citizens of the city of New York, in favor of a
uniform postage of two cents per half ounce.
By Mr. GIDDINGS: The petitions for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law, of Marcus Browning and 211 citizens of
Portage county, Ohio; of H. M. Damon and 180 ladies qf
Rutland cpunty, Ohio; of Allen McNeal and 38 citizens of
Marion county, Ohio; of Silas Cooper and 584 citizens of
McKean county, Pennsylvania; of Charles A. Brigdon and
66 citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of John
H- Tennison and 450 other citizens of Mississippi, praying
the establishment of a new land office at Monticelto, in the
State of Mississippi.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of Enoch Burt, ~of the
town of Manchester, Hartford county, Connecticut, for an
extension of a patent.
By Mr. HAMPTON: The remonstrance of D. A. Madeira,
and 75 other citizens of Pittsburg and vicinity, against the
passage of a bill now pending in the Senate of the United
