sea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
States, entitled " A bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to
provide for the better security of the Uvea of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam.' "
By Mr. DISNEY": F.our memorials from certain citizens
of Cincinnati, asking Congress to purchase the Louisville
and Portland Canal, aud to make it free.
By Mr. DUNCAN: The petition of Michael Sheppard
and 208 other citizens of Balem, asking an appropriation for
the repair and alteration of the Custom House in said place.
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT : The petition of tb# citizens
of Albany, New York, for the passage of a law against the
introduction of products manufactured by machines of
Ahierican invention in British provinces.
IN SENATE.
Friday January 17, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of
War, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 14th instant, calling for the copy of
the report recently made by a corps of topograph-
ical engineers on the inundations of the Lower
Mississippi, transmitting said report; which was
laid on the table, and, on the motion of Mr.
Downs, ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT also laid before the Senate
the credentials of the honorable {lie hard Brod-
bead, chosen a Senator by the Legislature of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, for the term of
six years, commencing on the 4th day of March
next; which were read^
RECESS.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet On Monday next.
. Mr. DOWNS. I hope that motion will be re-
jected.
Mr. HALE- That motion is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is debatable.
Mr. DOWNS I hope it will be rejected,
whether it is debatable or not. I think, however,
it is debatable; and I think we have advanced suf-
ficiently in the session, and have business enough
before us, to require that we should sit on Satur-
days for the future. I hope, therefore, that this
motion will not prevail. Fully half of the session
is now already passed, and we certainly have
done very little business. It seems that we have
a peculiar aptitude in delaying business in the 1
way we have proceeded. We take up a subject
ana discuss it for a time, and then lay it on the
table, and afterwards take up and discuss again
the same thing. I think we should finish what is
commenced, and that we should certainly sit on
Saturday; and, besides that, I hope the Senate
will soon decide to meet at an earlier hour.
Mr BADGER. I have risen not for the pur-
foee of entering into any debate on this question, 1
ut to request the Senator from New Hampshire 1
to withdraw his motion until the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] shall be in his j^BCe,
[laughter;] as I think it is a little like parliamRt-
ary strategy to make that motion during his ab-
sence. I agree with the Senator from Louisiana
in the remarks he has made. Whilst I believed
it proper and commendable to adjourn over the
latter part of the week during the holidays, I am
in favor of going to work now that the holidays
are passed, and the period of the session has come
when it is necessary that we should do so. 1
therefore ask the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. HALE. 1 have never met with anything
in the course of my life which more strongly re-
minds me of the change which is going on in the
public mind, than the speech of the Senator from
North Carolina. [Laughter.] I believe this is the
first time he has been found on that side of the
question, and I think now it is rather for the pur-
pose of an experiment, to see what he can say,
and how he can talk on that side, than from any i
desire to prevent the adpption of my motion. I
think we would gain by the adjournment. We
can do more by adjourning over from Friday till
Monday, than by sitting on Saturday. The
committees have work which they must have time
to prepare for us, and they need, one day in the
week for that purpose. I am told by those who
have had experience here, and who are acquainted
with the practice of the Senate, that it has 1>een
customary to adjourn over from Friday till Mon-
day during this part of the session, for a time
" that tlie^ memory of man runneth not to the
contrary. We have done more business in con-
sequence of this practice, and I hope we shall
agree to adjourn over now.
The yeas and nay# were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say a word in vin-
dication of what I value very highly, that is, my
, consistency in regard to this matter of adjourn-
ment, which I think has been unjustly assailed by
the Senator from New Hampshire. I beg leave
to remind the Senate that when I proposed to ad-
journ over, it was either before or during the
Christmas holidays. I assigned as a reason for
my motion, the uniform custom of the Seijale
since its organization; and I declared then that
, when that period should have passed, I should be
1 opposed to adjourning over, and should urge a
constant attention to the transaction of the busi-
ness before the Senate. I declared then, as I have
• intimated to-day, that in making my motion to
i adjourn, I was yielding a .deferential regard to the
, usages and customs of the Senate, as well as in
order to gratify others, by affording them holi-
days; and 1 did it at some sacrifice on my own
part, as I was a working man, and preferred to
be here.
! Mr. YULEE. I would suggest that there was
probably some mistake in the count on the ques-
tion of ordering the yeas and nays on this motion.
Myself and colleague were standing, and were
counted under misapprehension that we were
wishing to vote.
The PRESIDENT.^ There were sufficient
without the Senator and his colleague. There
were twelve standing, and ten were sufficient,
j Mr. HALE. I desire to set the Senator from
; North Carolina right tts to the matter of precedent
! on this subject. I am told by some of the oldest
members of this body, that it has always been the
; practice to adjourn over from Thursday till Mon-
day during the holidays, and after that from Fri-
day till Monday until after the 22d of February.
The question was then taken with the follow-
i ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Berrien, Butler,
Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dayton, Ewing, Hale, Hamlin, Mangum, Miller, Morton,
Pearco, Pratt, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Bradbury,
Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin,"Doufrtas,
Downs, Foote, Green,1Gwin, Hunter, Jones, King, Seward,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Tumey,'Walker, and WintSrop—21.
So the motion was not agreed to..
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial very nu- i
merousiy signed by'inventors and other citizens 1
of New Brunswick, in the State of 'New Jersey, j
interested in the patent laws, in favor of immedi-
ate action by Congress on the bill for the amend-
ment of the patent laws; which Was ordered" to lie ;
on the table.,
Mr. CLAY. I have been requested to present
the petition of Cornelius Vanderbilt, of the city
of New York, who states that he has been for
thirty years past extensively engaged in the busi-
ness of building and running tfteam vessels. In-
deed, without his own statement, I dare say it is
well known to every Senator, as it is to almost
every person in theUnited States, that Mr. Vander-
bilt has been one of the most successful and enter-
prising persons engaged in that description of nav-
igation. He makes a proposal to the Government
which is in entire conformity with his known lib-
erality of character. He proposes to build six
steamers of the largest burden, from one to two
thousand tons, for the purpose of engaging them in
navigation between New York and Chagres, and
between San Francisco and Panama. He proposes
that the United States shall have the privilege of
purchasing these steamers at their cost in the event
of any war, or threatened war, making it desirable
to add to the armament of the Utjited States upon
the ocean that description of vessels. He also
proposes to carry the mail, whenever the Govern-
ment, and only when the Government desires it,
at thirty thousand dollars per annum for each of
these steamers, which is much less than the sum
now paid. All this is offered by this liberal, en-
terprising, and distinguished gentleman, without
asking one dollar of present appropriation. Com-
mending this subject to the favorable consideration
of the Senate, I move, without reading, that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. EWING presented a memorial from citi- '
zens of Pittsburg, in the State of Pennsylvania,
asking that the bill now before the Senate to pro-
vide for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
: part by steam, may not become a law; which was
| j referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional documents
! relating to the claim of Captain Hiram Paulding,
of the United States Navy; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of in-
; habitants of Arkansas, asking the establishment
of a mail route from Grand Lake to Warren, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
, on the Post Office aud Post Roads.
1 Also, a memorial from citizens of the State of
Arkansas, asking that a grant of land may be
made to the trustees of the Alexandria Masonic
College; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER presented two petitions of citi-
, zens of Wisconsin, very numerously signed, pray-
ing that a donation of land may be made to citi-
zens of the United States and to such foreigners
as may declare their intention of becoming citi-
zens; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of the State of
New York, asking that the public lands may be
granted in limited quantities to actual settlers;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Thomas
. Flanagan, asking a pension for the loss of an eve
from a wound, submitted a report in writing, aslt-
ing to be discharged from the further consideration
S of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Grace Denny Sergeant,
asking to be allowed a pension,•submitted a report
in writing, asking to be discharged from the fur-
I ther consideration of the same; which was agreed
| to.
i Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Nancy C. Van Rensselaer,
widow of Lieut. Colonel Henry K. Van Renssel-
, aer, asking an increase of her pension, submitted a
report in writing, asking to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of physicians and citizens
; of Jefferson City, Missouri, in behalf of William
| H. Ferguson, submitted a report in writing, ask-
j ing to be discharged from the further consideration
i of the same; which was agreed to.
! Also, from the same committee, to which was
■ referred House bill' No. 75, being the bill for the
i relief of Samuel Dewey, reported back the same
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of Eve-
lina Porter, widow of the late Commodore David
Porter, asking that a bill may be passed granting
her five years' pension, submitted an adverse rt-
; port in writing; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BORL AND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of certain inventors and others of the
city of New York, in relation to the amendment
of the patent laws, asking that the bill now pend-
ing may not be acted on during the present ses-
sion, reported against printing the same; which
was agreed to. •
RESOLUTION AGREED TO.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the amount standing to the cre&t of
the Treasury of the United Btates at the expiration of the
last fiscal year in each of the several depositories of the
Government. Also, tlie amount of warrants, issued prior
to 1st July, 1850. on which the Treasurer's drafts on each
of said depositories were unpaid on the 30th of June, I85C.
Also, the net amount subject to his draft at the commence-
ment of the present fiscal year. Also, the gross amount of
trust funds to his credit in said depositories on sajd day.
Also, the amount in the hands of the Collector at San Fran -
cisco at the same period, and the then amount of drafts out-
standing on said Collector, if any, issued on warrants dated
prior to 1st July, 1850. Also, the amount in the public de-
positories in Oregon at the same period, and the then amount
of drafts on these depositories which were outstanding and
issued before 1st July, 1850.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that when the joint
resolution from the House, explanatory of the act
relating to military bounty lands, came up,-he
