270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
Mr. WINTHROP concluded by asking leave
to introduce the following bill:
A BILL for the appointment of appraisers at large and for
other purposes.
Be it en acted hw tke Senate and House of Repretenta-
Hvesoftkt United States of America, in Congress asenllcd,
That the President of the United States is hereby authorized
to appoint, with the advice and consent of the Senate, three
appraisers at large, whose duty it shall be to visit the princi-
pal ports in the United States from time to time, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, for the purpose
of superintending the appraisement of imported goods, of
correcting improper valuations, and of prescribing rules for
the uniform action of the local appraisers.
see. 2. Jind he it further enacted, That said appraisers
shall be appointed from different States of the Union, shall
be sworn to a faithful discharge of their duties, mid shall
receive an annual compensation of dollars per an-
num, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. Jtnd be U further enacted, That said appraisers
shall conform in all their proceedings to such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, whose
duty it shall be to organize and employ them forthwith, in
the manner best calculated to prevent the further perpetra-
tion of frauds upon the revenue, and to insure a ftill, ftur,
and uniform collection of duties in all the ports of the Union.
Sec. 4. Jind he it further enacted, That from and after
the day of next all ad valorem duties shall be
assessed and levied on the value at the time of entry, in the
principal markets in the United States, of the goods, wares,
and merchandise to which such duties shall attach.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill, and it
was read a first time.
The question then being upon ordering it to a
second reading—
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I wish merely
to respond to some suggestions which have been
thrown out by the Senator from Massachusetts. '
It is not my purpose or desire at the present time
to enter into the discussion of those graver con- j
siderations in relation to the system of duties we i
now have—the ad valorem system, and the system
of valuation upon the foreign price. These topics
will come up at another time, and when the
subject shall be fairly and properly before the
Senate I have no doubt that the friends of the tariff
of 1846 will be able to defend it against the assaults
which have been or may be made against it. Not
that I pretend to believe Uiat this or any other system
that can be devised is perfect. It may be perhaps
improved by amendments, but I believe that it can
be maintained and shown that, as a system of rev-
enue, none has ever proved more beneficent and
more fruitful than the tariff of 1846.
With regard to the other question, which more
immediately presses itself upon our consideration—
romechangein the system of appraisals—I will say
that in my opinion it is a matter which deserves
the early and attentive consideration of the two
Houses of Congress. Whether it will turn out
that some change of the law will be required, or
that the existing laws will be sufficient, with some
changes in the mode of administering them, I do
not know; but I think it probable we might iGake
the present system, the present tariff, work even
better and more fairly than at present, by some
change in relation to this matter of appraisals. It
is a question which will doubtless meet the earliest
consideration and attention of the Committee on
Finance, and especially will this whole subject
demand their attention, if the decision to which the
Senator referred, which has been rendered in the
Boston circuit, should be affirmed by the Supreme
Court. If that should be the case, it will, I fear,
be impossible to get along without some change of
the existing law on that subject. It is not for me
to say what will be the decision of that court, or
what I think of the existing laws. The decision
to which the Senator refers overturns a circular
Issued by the late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Walker. The instructions in that circular were,
I believe, necessary to the fair and prompt execu-
tion of the system of duties which we now have.
Should the Supreme Court affirm that decision,
and decide that the circular of Mr. Secretary
Walker was issued with a mistaken view of the
law, then I believe that it will be necessary to
make some early and prompt change of the law.
The bill was then ordered to a second reading, I
and, being read a second time by unanimous con- j
•ent, it was referred to the Committee on Finance. '
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED. 1
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
theresolutions lying upon the table. ;
lhe following resolutions, submitted by Mr. !
Jones on the 14th instant, were considered and I
agreed to: I
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so amending
the existing laws as to authorize the President of the United
States to expose to sale all lands which are reserved for the
use of military posts or Indian agencies.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
military road from Fort Clark, on the Lignra Fork of the
Des Moines, to Dubuque, on the Mississippi river; and that
the Secretary of War be directed to lay before the Senate
all communications on the files of the War Department re-
lating to this subject.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Benton, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, so far as it may be compatible with the
public interest, all the correspondence between this Gov-
ernment and its Ministers relating to the prisoners captured
by the Spanish authorities at or near the Island of Contoy;
and also all the correspondence between the said Govern-
ments and the Ministers thereof, respectively, relative to
any projected expedition to the Island of Cuba, not hereto-
fore communicated to Congress.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
The following resolution, which had been of-
fered by Mr. DOWNS, next came up for consid-
eration in its order:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, Friday of each
week, after one o'clock, shall be devoted to the considera-
tion of private bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we shall accomplish
our business much faster if we take it up in its .
order, and adhere to the rules of the Senate on the
subject.
Mr. DOWNS. I think our experience in this
and former sessions has shown that the opinion of
the honorable Senator is not correct. We have a
great many private bills ion our calendar—more ;
than a hundred from the House of Repnesenta- i
tives, besides many of our own. We have scarcely
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say with regard to
that motion, that although I have no particular ob-
jection to its being adopted I shall not vote for it.
As we have had the sense of the Senate expressed
once to day, and have had the vote upon it taken
by yeas and nays, I ask for the yeas and nays
upon this motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the yeas and
nays will be ordered.
Mr. DOWNS. I rise, Mr. President, to a
question of order, to know if it be proper, or if it
be in order, when a question has been once dis-
posed of during the day, with a full Senate, whether
it can be again renewed when there are few pres-
ent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Walker,
in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that the
question may be renewed.
Mr. MANGUM. There is no doubt about that.
It has been so decided in numerous instances.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. When no mat-
ter has intervened the motion cannot be renewed;
but we have had other matter before us since the
question was taken.
The question being taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, the Chair decided that there was not a
sufficient number in favor of it.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to know how many
were up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There were
seven.
Mr. BADGER. I ask that the other Bide may
be counted.
Mr. DOWNS. It is too late in the day to de-
j tain the Senate with a speech on this question; but
| I must express my decided disapprobation of this
j-' , , x  j~ " " T j' 1 manner of proceeding, when a question has been
disposed of any of them, and are not likely to do ,| disposed of in the ordinary manner and with a full
so,if we go on as we have done. It must berecol- Senate. By waiting till this time to take the
question again the result may b6 very different.
I think when a question has been disposed of
lected that we had a similar rule a session or two
ago, and that it did not interfere materially with.
the business of the session. fairly, the decision of the Senate should &e acqui-
W7 £ becomes a question whether we eSced I am wiHing t0 acquieSce now inthe
all do anv of this business or not: for we disposal of the questio*, but f to see the
shall do any of this business or not; for we seem
likely to get into such protracted debates on gen-
eral and more important subjects, that unless we
set apart a day for private bills, as is usual I be-
lieve in all legislative bedies, we shall not be able
to reach them at all. Many of them are of very
great merit, and I cannot see how we can refuse to
act upon them. I would suggest, that, as we have
refused to adjourn over on Saturdays, we should
have an additional day in the week for the consid-
eration of these bills.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana if his resolution is intended to
>ly to this day, if it passes?
r. DOWNS. I do not understand that it
would.
practice adopted of calling up a question at this
hour in the day, when the Senate is thin, and
when of course we may expect the result to be
different from what it would be if all were present.
Mr. MANGUM. I regret to hear my friend
from Louisiana express himself in the manner
that he does. He seems to imply, to a certain
degree, that there has been something like unfair-
ness in making this motion, and I feel that his
remarks imply something like a censure upon me.
Sir, if one decision upon a question is to settle that
question for the day, then when a motion to ad-
journ fails, you will be compelled to sit all night,
till the next day. Sir, there has been no move-
"t?.1
™ a. « . of ^
the resolution, and it was agreed to. |, ghows that sitting on Saturday accomplishes noth-
agreed
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, the Senate proceed-
4 A A 4A AM u J AMnlT a i1 il- — 1_ *11 A    " 5 .
ing but the rifling of the Treasury. "That is the
amount of it. And I take it for granted that those
gentlemen who are now absent are perfectly will-
ing to be absent to-morrow.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say a word on
this subject. I shall vote for the adjournment
ed to the consideration of the bill to provide for
the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801. ' ,  
Mr. SMITH resumed and concluded the speech | until Monday, and am perfectly indifferent whether
which he commenced yesterday, of which a report ; 7eas aI,d nays be or be not called on the ques-
may appear in the Appendix. ; t'011* I? the discharge of my duties as a member of
_ Mr. MANGUM. I move that the further con- 1 the Judiciary Committee I have been compelled to
sideration of this subject be postponed until to- ' a^sent from the Senate yesterday and to-day.
morrow. 1 will remark, however, that I make the I hope I shall have to-morrow for the purpose of
motion with no purpose i "* ' ' J
Senate upon the subject.
eye, who perhaps designs I
Mr. HUNTER. I ha  
dent, to offer some remarks; and I move that the Mr. DOWNS. A comparison has been made
Senate do now adjourn. |i by the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Man-
enate ao now adjot
Mr. MANGUM. I hope not; I believe I have'
the floor, and I move that the further considera-
tion of the subject be postponed till one o'clock
to-morrow, and. be made the special order for that
time.
The motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. MANGUM. I have another motion to
make, which I think will be somewhat interesting
to all exeept to gentlemen coming from the new
States, as the gentleman whom I have the honor ,
to address does, [Mr. Walker, in the chair;] and
.that motion is, that when the Senate adjourns to- 1
day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. j
gum] between this motion and a motion to adjourn.
_ It may be very proper to have different motions to
adjourn. That will necessarily be the case. It
( may be very appropriate not to adjourn at one
hour of the day and to adjourn at another. But
this is a different thing. This is a motion which
relates not to a simple adjournment to-day, but to
a practice of the Senate—whether we will sit on
Saturday or not. Therefore, the two cases are en-
tirely dissimilar, and the analogy of the Senator
1 can nave no effect.
I do not intend to make a speech on this sub-
ject; but I will say that I regret exceedingly that
; this motion has been made when a vote has once
been taken on it, and many may have gone away
