212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
It i =5 worthy of remark that this is not ex parte
evidence, ft i* evidence that was taken in the
presence of the district attorney of the United
States, who had the full benefit of the cross-exam-
ination of all the witnesses.
It was not only my opinion, but it was the
opinion of a msyority of the committee, that the
loss in this caae was occasioned by negligence or
want of skill on the part of the" officers of the
steamboat then in the employment of the United
States Government, and that the Government is
therefore bound in equity and justice to pay the
losses thus sustained. There is some discrepancy
in the evidence, it is true, as to the amount of loss
actually sustained. The petitioners claimed $2,000
before the court of New Orleans, but the commit-
tee have thought proper, in reporting this bill, not
to authorize the payment of §2,000, unless the ac-
counting officer shall be satisfied by the evidence
adduced that the loss actually amounted to that
sum, and in no event shall the allowance extend
beyond it. But it is only just and equitable that
the Government shall pay to these claimants the
whole amount of loss which they sustained in the
loss of thisi cargo of ice.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interposing.") I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from New Yorlc [Mr. Nel-
son] if I understand correctly that the steamboat
Colonel Harney was private property, but that
at the time of the collision she was in the employ
of the United States Government ? I want also to
ascertain from the committee whether the Colonel
Harney was managed by a pilot and crew under
the control of the United States Government, or
by a pilot and crew controlled by the owners of the
Vessel? Jf the latter, I think there can be no
doubt of the non-liability of the United States Gov-
ernment.
Mr. NELSON, (continuing.) I understand,
Mr. Chairman, the case to be this: that at the
time of the accident the Colonel Harney, was
manned and controlled by persons employed by
the United States Government. She was chartered
by the Government for a certain purpose; was
commanded by an officer of the Government; was
exclusively and entirely under his control; and the
vessel was at the time, to all intents and purposes,
a United States vessel.
Now, I was about to remark in reference to an
observation made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Thomas,] that they might, after the ves-
sel waa struck, have safely landed all the ice. I
do not think they could have done so; however, it
is possible they.might have done so. But I do not i
think they were required to do anything more
than they did. It is not proved that when the
flat-boat was struck, that the crew had any
idea, or any reason to suppose, that she was going
to sink so suddenly as she did sink; they did not,
perhaps, imagine that she would make water so
fast. When they became aware of the danger,
according to the evidence adduced before the com-
mittee, it appears they did all that they could to
save the cargo. They could not be required by
any individual to put the cargo on the dock until
they saw there was real reason to suppose^ they
could not keep the vessel afloat; and the injury,
it seems, did not appear so great as to lead them
to supposG that it was necessary for them imme-
diately to unload the vessel.
Mr. DUNHAM. It appears to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that the point in this case is this: This was
a vessel that was chartered by the United States to
carry certain supplies and troops. The general
direction of the vessel was under the charge of a
quartermaster appointed by Government to this
service, to attend to the transportation of the sup-
plies and troops; but the vessel itself, as I under-
stand it, was under the control of an officer and
crew appointed by the* owners. It was not con-
trolled by an officer and crew appointed by Gov-
ernment, the vessel itself being alone chartered for
certain purposes; and the legal point,consequently,
appears to me to be, whether, under such circum-
stances, the Government is compelled to pay.
The vessel was under the control of its own oft-
cept and crew, and the Government cannot bo
held responsible for the acts of other servants than
its own. This, a# I Understand it, is the princi-
ple involved. "
Again: they have claimed for a total loss, while,
as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Thomas]
has shown, a total loss did not take place. I hold,
in the first place, that an employer is responsible
for the acts of his own servants; and in the next, h
: that the owners of this vessel have no right to j
claim for a total loss, when it is in evidence that u
they did not sustain a total loss.
The vessel was not under the control of on offi-
cer and ,crew appointed by Government, being'
merely chartered to carry troops and supplies. I
hope, therefore, that this bill will not pass.
Mr. DANIEL. I am sorry, Mr. Chairman,
that I feel myself constrained in this case to differ
from my friend from Tennessee who has just ad-
dressed the House. I do think, sir, under the
"circumstances of this case, that it is obligatory
upon tliis Government to pay the damages which i
were sustained by those individuals. It seems, i
sir, from the order which I hold in my hand,
that this boat is to be regarded as a public vessel,
as it was for the time being, to all intents and pur-
, poses, a vessel of the Government. There is the
the fairest presumption that we have a right to
make from the facts of the case.
Why, sir, it seems to me that we are necessarily
driven to the conclusion, that this is a damage
which has resulted to individuals from the im-
proper management of the Government vessel. If
so, the superintending care which Government
ought to exercise over the interests of ail its citi-
zens, but more parti«ularly for their protection
from injury, ought to compensate for an injury
that they had sustained, in my opinion, through
the culpable negligence of a vessel under its
control.
Mr. MORSE. Mr. Chairman, after the learned
and able argument of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Claims, who has just taken his seat, it
would be a work of supererogation on my part to
attempt to say a word m behalf of the claimants
in this case. I do not know either of these parties.
order of the quartermaster warning him to take They are not my constituents, but they happen to
possession of it, and hold it under the authority of reside in a distnet where I formerly resided, and I
the United States. Such is the case presented to
the consideration of the House.
There is no doubt, sir, that this flat-boat, which
was loaded with ice, waa lying at the wharf, which
she had a proper right to do. There is no doubt,
also, that this steamboat, the " Colonel Harney,"
in coming to its landing, ran against this flat-boat,
and so injured it that it did sink. Now, the ques-
tion is, did it sink in consequence of the injuries
sustained by its collision with this steamboat ?
But, sir, it seems to be insisted, on the part of Gov-
ernment, hy t"he gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Thomas,] that because the flat-boat did not sinit im-
mediately, we are not called upon to pay the dam-
ages. Now it does not seem to me that this is a
proper construction of the case. Can any man who
has heard the facts of the case believe that this flat-
boat would have sunk if she had not sustained these
damages by its collision with the steamboat ? Such
a supposition would not have been entertained for
a moment. Again: it is insisted that there was
culpable negligence shown on the part of those
who had charge of the flat-boat; that if they had
exerted themselves, so great a loss would not have
resulted.
Why, Mr. Chairman, I can very well conceive
why the delay might have actually occurred, which
the gentleman from Tennessee has insisted did
occur, and that, too, without any culpable negli-
gence whatever on the part of anybody belonging
to {he boat. When it received the injuries, those
in command of the boat might have been led to
suppose, and that, too, very reasonably, that the
water could be kept out, and that they could have
prevented the boat from sinking; and that there-
fore it was useless to incur the trouble and expense
of removing the cargo that was on board. But
after struggling with the element, which was i,
making its entrance through the crevices occasioned 1!
by the boat's collision with the steamboat, and
finding that they had but a hopeless prospect of j!
keeping the boat afloat, they then put into requisi- j
tion all the pumps they could command, and made j
the greatest efforts in their power to remove the !
stores. But they had trusted to their hope too j
long, and they could not prevent the boat sinking. '
This, sir, seems to me a fair presumption.
Mr.THOMAS, (interposing.) I would inquire
of the gentleman from North Corolina whether,
according to the evidence, the accident having 1
happened between five and six o'clock in the even- (
ing, proper diligence was shown in delaying to
put the pumps in requisition until the next morn-
ing?
_Mr. DANIEL, (in continuation.) I do say,
sir, that the circumstances were these: that this
boat was lying- perfectly secured when the steam-
boat came into collision with her. The flat-boat
had a right to be where she was, and it was not
know the character and respectability of the gen-
j tlemen who present the claim before this body.
1 The chairman of the committee has said every-
; thing which could recommend this claim to the
favorable consideration of this body. This case,
in my opinion, rests upon higher grounds than
most-of the claims which are presented here.
I beg leave to remark, that the evidence in this
case was taken under the scrutiny of the district
attorney, a general officer of the. United States.
It is rare that a case comes before this body where
the evidence is not all ex parte, and. where the
claimant does not make the testimony for himself.
In this case, these parties went to work bona fide
before the judicial tribunals of the country. Could
the parties have been allowed to have instituted
proceedings against the United States, as. suits
could be brought against individuals—had the
United States permitted itself to be su6d, and stood
in the position in which any individual could be
placed, there is no doubt that an array of facts
would have been brought forward, enough to have
procured a judgment against them.
A (gentleman who now represents the State in
the United States Senate, General Downs, was
then the district attorney, and assisted in this
caae in taking evidence and cross-examining the
witnesses. This testimony has passed the ordeal
of the most stringent committees that this House
has ever seen. I know that the committee, with
a unanimity which has hardly ever characterized
cases of the same kind, made.a report in .favor of
the claimants. In a little matter of only $2,000,1
am sure that this House will not hesitate to do
justice between one of the oldest and most respect-
able mercantile firms in the city of New Orleans
and the Government of the United States.
[Here some conversation ensued between Mr.
Cartter and Mr. Daniel, which was entirely in-
audible at the Reporter's desk.]
Mr. M. resumed: The chairman of this com-
mittee has satisfactorily answered my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.] Anybody at all acquainted
with the navigation of western waters, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] or the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] must be, knows
what a vast amount of proplerty is annually in-
trusted to the navigation of the Mississippi and
Ohio rivers in these flat-boats. Thousands of
barrels of flour are sent by this mode of convey-
ance. These boats are, comparatively speaking,
left to the mercy of the current, and they are al-
most helpless, as far as other means are concerned,
in their course with the current, for they cannot
rely upon the usual means of Wind, sail, and steam
for the purpose of avoiding the dangers that may
arise in their course. So that it is a fair presump-
tion, in all cases where a flat-boat is sunk by col-
lision with a steamer, that the laches and negli-
in consequence of any negligence, or any culpa- gence are altogether on the part of the steamer,
pie misconduct on the part of those m charge of which is able to control its motions, while these
her, that the steamboat ran into her, which she :
had no right to do; other places could have been
found where she could have landed
Now, I say that as the crew of the flat-boat did
make efforts, when the saw that they could not
keep the water off their boat and prevent her from
sinking, to remove the cargo, it creates the pre-
sumption that, in all probability, they were not
guilty of any culpable negligence. They had
immense arks and broad horns float down solely
with the current, and are absolutely unmanage-
able.
But there is another point in this case. There
are some kinds of property carried on board these
boats which could be saved, when the boats are
run into by steamers or other craft; but a cargo of
ice is too perishable a material to be saved by any
efforts that might be put forth. I ask what right
reason to rely upon the hope that they might pre- : has the United States, to charge an individual in
vent the joss of the boat, and that they might have such a case as this with laches or negligence? I
been enabled to save the cargo. This, I think, is _ suppose the flat-boat in this case was resting upon
