1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2?£
as the bill reported by the special committee re- '
lates exclusively to warrants issued under the act
of 2t-;li September last. Here is an amendment
which applies to those issued by the act of 1812.
I submit such amendndto, has no connection what-
ever with the bill under consideration.
Mr. McCLERNAND stated he believed that
that point had been decided. At all events, the
amendment was germane to the question.
The SPEAKER said that he had not exam-
ined the details of the bill and the gentleman's
amendment very minutely. The bill certainly
provided for warrants issued under the act of Sep-
tember 28th, 1850, and that act also includes, the
Chair thinks, warrants issued under the act of
1812.
Mr. VINTON. I submit that the act of the 28th
of September last does not, in any way, take
cognizance of the law of 1812. The act of Sep-
tember last, as I have stated, has no reference, in
my opinion, to the law of 1812, but to which law
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McClernand] relates.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The object of the bill
reported by the special committee is, to accelerate
the execution of the bounty' land laws now in
force. Sir, the object of my amendment is to en-
able the registers and receivers better to carry out
the object of this bill by giving them an additional
salary, and thus enable them to employ additional
force.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair would ex-
amine the details both of the bill and the amend-
ment, and give his decision.
Mr. JONES. It is not my intention, sir, to in-
flict a speech upon the House at this time, but I
will briefly state that the bill prepared by the se-
lect committee, and reported to this House, that
is now under consideration, is intended to facili-
tate the execution of the bounty land law of the
28th of September, 1850. This bill perhaps is not
exactly what 1 would in all respects have made it
had I been the person who had power to do so.
Perhaps it is not exactly what members of this
House would make it, if they had the control of
it themselves. But I am satisfied that the select
committee have given to this subject that investi-
gation aad deliberation which it required, and upon
that investigation and deliberation they have re-
ported this bill here. I am satisfied that it is as
good as the House can make it. But if a general
debate arises and propositions for amendments are
indulged in by this House, it would consume our
time for the whole of the day, and we shall adjourn
and the bill will go upon the Speaker's table, and
perhaps the result will be its indefinite postpone-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of my colleague, I wish to offer a simple
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand.1 I infer from
the tenor of his observations that he is about to
move the previous question. I hope he will have
no objection to allow me to move my amendment.
Mr. JONES asked for the reading of the amend-
ment.
The Clerk then read it, as follows:
Provided, That nothing in the act approved on the 28th
day of September, 1&50, (granting bounty land to soldiers
who rendered service in the war of 1812, and in any Indian
war tince 1790,) shall be bo construed as to exclude the
volunteers called out to aid in the removal of the Cherokee
Indians west ofthe Mississippi, in 1836-'7.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I will offer that ;
amendment for my colleague.
Mr. VINTON hoped that the gentleman from
Tennessee would not move the previous question
until the third section was perfected.
Mr. JONES, (in continuation.) Prom the in-
dications which have already been tjjiown, if gen-
tlemen are allowed to offer amendments and debate
this subject with the intention of perfecting this
bill, we cannot get through with it to-day; and be-
cause, as I before said, I am satisfied that it is
now as good, and perhaps better, than this House
can make it, in order to bring this House to a test
upon it, and to give efficiency to the bill heretofore
passed for the benefit of the soldier, I call for the
previous question.
Mr. WILLIAMS requested the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw Ins motion for the previous
question, as he wished to offer an amendment.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my motion, for the
purpose of saying that there are already two
amendments pending, the amendment to the bill
reported by the select committee, and an amend-
I ment to that amendment; and .as I understand the
1 rules of the House, no other amendment can be
offered while these are pending. It would, there-
fore, be unnecessary for me to withdraw my mo-
tion for the previous question, for the purpose of
enabling the gentleman to offer the amendment. I
renew-tne motion for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Before the Chair acts on the
seconding of the previous question, the point of
order made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] must be disposed of. The Chair has not
had an opportunity to examine this question criti-
cally, or to examine into the' details of the bill.
He may not, perhaps, decide this question cor-
rectly. But the opinion of the Chair, upon the
little examination it has been able to give to it, is,
that the first section of the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] is
in order, but that the second section of that amend-
ment is not in order. It proposes to legislate in
reference to warrants granted by an act entirely
different and distinct from the act to which this
bill is an amendment. This bill is in relation to
bounty land warrants granted under the act of
28th September, 1850. The second section of the
amendment offered by the gentleman/rom Illinois,
has • reference to warrants granted under an en-
tirely separate act. The Chair decides, therefore,
that the first section of the amendment is in order,
and that the second section is not.
The SPEAKER said the question now was on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. VINTON expressed the hope that the pre-
vious question would not be sustained.
The question whether there was a second to the
demand for the previous question was taken by
tellers, (Messrs. Caldwell, of Kentucky, and
Allen acting,) and decided in the negative—ayes
47, noes 76.
So there was no second.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, having been
a member of that select committee appointed by
the House to inquire what additional legislation
was necessary for the purpose of carrying into
effect the bounty land law which passed the last
session of Congress, I deem it my duty to make
I a short explanation in relation to some facts which
I have been brought before this House in relation to
; the proceedings of that committee. I will now
: proceed to give a short history of .what has taken
place in the transactions of that committee, and to
make some statements in relation to the matter.
If I am not much mistaken, several gentlemen
on this floor do not well understand the provisions
as well as the object of this bill.
The first inquiry the committee made was, what
force does the Secretary of the Interior need to
carry into effect the provisions of this law? Gen-
tlemen connected with the business were brought
( forward, and testified under oath as to how much
force was necessary in the shape of clerks. I am
sorry that testimony has not been printed. After
a critical examination, and ascertaining the amount
of force which would be required to carry into effect
the provisions of this bill, the conclusion we arrived
at was, that thirty-seven additional clerks were in-
dispensably necessary. This was the opinion of
gentlemen of experience connected with that bu-
reau. The committee believed them and reported
accordingly.
The committee next deemed it their duty to take
into consideration the printed form that the Secre-
tary of the Interior had published as a guide for
persons filing declarations for bounty land. The
committee have ascertained by actual observation
that the roll and records of soldiers who served
under General Wayne and others were lost, or a
part of them. When the committee discovered,
in the printed forms of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, that when the rolls and records (ftd not estab-
lish the fact that the persons applying for bounty
had served as soldiers, they were required to
prove the fact by two witnesses,—that being the
case, the committee, after inquiring into the mat-
ter, thought that in a large portion of cases those
who served under General Wayne and others
would be excluded from the benefits of this act,
for it would be impossible for an old soldier to
prove by two witnesses a service which was per-
formed sixty or seventy years ago;—this was
regarded, on the part of the select committee, as a
virtual exclusion of that class of persons from the
benefits of the bounty land act where the records
were lost. The committee then decided that they
could best accomplish the object of that bounty
land law by extending to those persons the same
rule which now applies under the pension laws to
old revolutionary soldiers.
There was also another consideration to which
the attention of the committee was directed, with
regard to widows. The Secretary of the Interior,
in his printed form, had required record evidence
of the fact of marriage, only admitting a less grade
j of proof upon the condition that there was no
I record evidence.
] Being aware that in my own State, (Tennessee,)
up to a given period the clerk of the county .court
did not keep a record of the marriages, coupled-
with the fact that a large portion of the persons in
the State of Tennessee were originally from North
Carolina,where, if the records existed, the persons
concerned would have great difficulty in obtaining
them, the committee therefore decided—what?
They decided that in a case of death in any county
of a soldier, and the widow had applied to a court
of record and had obtained dower, or had had her
right in the distribution of the estate established,
the record of that fact, certified by the clerk of the
county court, should be conclusive evidence of her
marriage, and that when such evidence was pro-
duced she should be entitled to the benefit of the
bounty land. This, sir, I understand to be the
decision of the committee in relation to carrying
out the objects ofthe bounty land bill; and although
it is a departure from former precedents, still it
is sufficiently guarded.
Mr. HALL was understood to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Williams] to explain
the third section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This bill was then drawn
up by the chairman of that select committee. Af-
ter it had been drawn the chairman of that com-
mittee addressed a letter to the Secretary of the
Interior, stating that he had sent to him the bill
containing, substantially, what had been deter-
mined by the majority of the committee.
The Secretary of the Interior, acting upon that
information, referred to the proper clerk the bill
as sent to him by the chairman of the select com-
mittee. After due examination, the Secretary of
the Interior, believing the third section was loosely
drawn up, advised the clerk to whom the Secretary
I referred the bill, to word the third section so as to
make it conform with the printed form issued by
the Department. The section, as the chairman of
the select committee had originally drawn it, is aa
! follows:
Sec. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That in all cases
where a widow or a minor child or children are provided
for by the aforesaid act of the 28th of September, 1850,
"granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the United
States," the certificate of a clerk of any court of record, as
to widowhood, or the minority of a child or children, (as
tbe case may be,) shall be deemed sufficient to establish the
same.
When the bill, draughted by the chairman of the
committee, was sent to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and was read by him, this section struck him
as not well guarded. He then directed, as before
stated, the clerk to take the notes appended to the
printed forma, and to new model the third section of
the bill so as to come up to the views of the commit-
tee. It is true, the chairman of the committee re-
quested the Secretary of the Interior to draw a bill
that would meet his views. That was n ot intended to
be done on the part of the Secretary of the Interior,
but, on the contrary, £e simple agency he per-
formed in the matter was to guard the third sec-
tion of this bill without departing from the views
of the committee.
I make this statement, because my friend the
chairman of the committee, when the bill was in-
troduced by him, stated that the Secretary of the
Interior had drawn it up and was responsible for
it. I do not understand that the Secretary of the
Interior is responsible for the bill, hut that he sim-
ply gave to it the provisions which would be the
guard that the law needed; so that it could not
have been, in my opinion, properly chargeable to
the Secretary of the Interior as his production.
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not intend to make any
charge. I think the bill was drawn up right. I
only stated that it wtffi drawn up by the Secretary,
in reply to the objection'that it was inconsistent
with itself. I do not believe there is ;:ny incon-
sistency in it, and > believe it is quite right. I had
a personal conversation with the Secretary of the
