1851.
THE CONGRESSTOtfAL GLOBE.
261
my intercourse with him upon other business, he
has been polite, attentive, and prompt. As far as
the committee could judge by the clerks that
appeared before them, appeared anxious to
fulfill all their duties, l^n satisfied that this is a
contest about nothing. It does not amount to
anything whatever.
It is also true that one of my colleagues upon
the select committee, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Miller,] seems to be ofthe opinion that the
Secretary of the Interior had been guilty of an out-
rage in having appointed, without the authority of
law, a whole list of clerks. Why, the gentleman
from Ohio knows full well that when this law was
passed the 28th of September, it was passed with-
out making any provision for any additional force
to the Interior Department for the purpose of car-
rying out the provisions of that law. More than j
fifty members of Congress, myselfamong the num- !
her, and 1 do not know how many more, applied
to the Secretary of the Interior as soon as we came j
here to appoint the requisite number of clerks for ,
carrying the law into effect. I understand the Sec-
retary of the Interior appointed the clerks under
a special request of the Commissioner of Pensions. !
How could this law have been carried into effect
unless the Secretary of the Interior had pursued
this course? Had! been at the head of that bu-
reau, and the Congress of the United States had
passed such a law, I should have assumed the re- J
sponsibilitv of carrying that law into effect, with- ,:
out considering myself as usurping any power :'
that did not belong to me. The objects of the law ;
have been carried into effect by the Secretary of i
the Interior in the only manner it could have been •
done, and it seems to me the House are bound to
legalize the aets of the Secretary of the Interior.
Why, as soon as Congress was assembled, the
chairman of this committee introduced a resolu- 1
tion to appoint a select committee, to inquire i
what force additional was required to give effect
to the law, thereby admitting the necessity of an 1
additional clerical force. To blame the Secretary of
the Interior under such circumstances, is unjust. j
Mr. W. inquired if it was in order to offer an ;
amendment to the bill? [
The SPEAKER said that it was not in order, 1
there being a motion pending; but that it could |
be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS said that it was his intention
to offer an amendment to this bill, if it could be
entertained.
The SPEAKER said that an amendment could
not be entertained except by general consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS said he would waive it.
' Mr. MORTON. Mr. Speaker, I' do not rise
for the purpose of making a speech, but I deem it
my duty, as a Representative from V irginia, to bear
my testimony to the fidelity and faithfulness of
the head of this Pension bureau, that he has exe-
cuted these laws with as much fidelity and dis-
patch as possible. I do not think it necessary,
after the disclaimer of the chairman of the com-
mittee in reference to the Secretary of the Interior,
to say one irord in his defence. He acknowledges,
as far as the Secretary of the Interior is concerned,
that he has manifested every disposition to exe- i
cute the business of that Department with as much
dispatch as possible. With reference to the Com-
missioner of Pensions, however, the chairman of
that committee has not been satified with the charge
that is contained in the report of that committee,
(to which he has riven an extensive circulation,)
but he has reflected himself, in very strong terms,,
upon the fidelity and faithfulness of that officer;
and he has reiterated, in the presence of this
House, those charges. I can only say, that as
far as the testimony of that gentleman can g6 to
bear upon the country, I will leave to each and
every member of the House to judge.
I will, however, in addition to that, give my
humble tfestimony in behalf of that gentleman. 1
have seen him often, and conversed with him often,
upon the business of the bureau, and I will ven-
ture to say, that there is no officer at the head of
any bureau m the service of the Government, who
is more anxious to discharge the duties of his of-
fice with fidelity and promptness. 1 do say, sir,
that if he has been deficient in courtesy to thegen-
tleman, it is an exception to the general rule which
has always characterized his conduct hitherto in
all his public relations. The gentleman has reit-
erated in* the presence of this House, that he has
manifested a disposition not to discharge with
fidelity and promptness the duties of Sis office. In
opposition to that, I will state that in all my inter-
course with him, and in my conversation with
him, that he has manifested the utmost desire for
the prompt and efficient discharge of the duties
which devolved upon him. I can speak from
long experience, when I say that he is a most
faithful and efficient officer, at least upon another
theatre, for he had acted for thirty years as the
first auditor of the State of Virginia, in which he
resided. I will venture to say, that although he
has been exiled from public service in that State,
there is not a representative upon this floor from
that State, who will not boar cheerful and honora-
ble testimony to his faithfulness and ability, and
his popularity also among the citizens of both par-
ties in the Commonwealth of Virginia. He has
been in office here hardly a month before an at-
tack is made upon him by the chairman of this
committee. I think it is my duty, as a Represent-
ative from Virginia, knowing nim lis I do, and
knowing his disposition, that I should repel, in
proper terms, the charges made against him, for
I believe that he will be found one of the most ef-
ficient, as he is unquestionably one of the most
courteous, officers of the Government. The testi-
mony which I cheerfully bear in this matter, I
give as a set-off to the charge of the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is well known here and
before the country that I was an ardent advocate
of the " bounty land bill"—that I exerted myself
to procure its passage. No one has been more
mortified than I at the obstructions which unfor-
tifnate constructions by the administrative officers
have thrown in the way of its proper execution.
That law was designed by Congress as a public
benefaction—a testimonial to the surviving soldiers
of our various wars, of the grateful appreciation
by the country of their glorious services and their
honorable scars. There is nothing within the
bounds of propriety and reason that I would not
do now to give ef$ciency to the execution of this
law in the sense i^i which it was intended by its
framers; for 1 am anxious to send the little dona-
tion of land which it provides, to gladden the
heart of the poor soldier or to stimulate the sense
of pride of him who, not needing its benefit, ac-
cepts it as the index by which his country points
to his patriotic efforts in her behalf.
But, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support thii bill
with my vote. It is no more or less than a prop-
osition to saddle upon the Treasury sixtv-one ad-
ditional clerks, at an annual increase of the public
expense of $65,000, without limit as to the time
for which this force shall be employed. The prop-
osition rests upon the assertion of its necessity by
the executive bureaus charged with the execution
of the bounty land laws. It is not the first time
in my brief public career, that I have heard the
same plea from the same quarter. I remember
well that during the last session, when some com-
plaint was made of the tardiness which marked
the dispatch of the business referred to the bureau
of the Third Auditor, especially in that class of
business Which related to soldiers' claims for lost
horses and lost or abandoned property while
in military service, this necessity an increase of
the force by nine new clerks was strenuously
urged. We were told that this increment, added
to the existing force of the bureau, would enable
the bureau to dispatch its current business and
to bring up all arrears. We administered the pre-
scription according to the order, but I have not
discovered any effect produced. The patient has
been In a "comatose state" ever since, and I
fear there is no prospect of improvement. The
claimants for "lost horses" are in very many
cases my own constituents, or young men who
were in the field during the War under my Com-
mand. "thfey- write to me, consequently, com-
plaining of the delay in the adjudication of their
cases. If the bureau has decided a " lost-horse
case" since the addition was made to the clerical
force, it has not been my good fortune to know
the fact or to hear of it. I do not mean to inti-
mate, Mr. Speaker, that the force is unemployed,
but I do mean to say that the instance proves that
the multiplication of force by no means argues a
corresponding dispatch in the transaction of the
public business. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Morton] passed a beautiful eulogy upon
the character and services of the Head of the Pen-
sion Office—his own fellow-citizen—which seemed
to be demanded by some strictures upon that of-
ficial. Sir, I am*not here to discuss the characters
of these officers—I dare say they " are all hon-
orable men;" but I am Speaking (to Ike fact that
their bureaus are laboring under such inertia that
the business which goes m there is likely to pass
" to that bourn whence no traveler returns." I
have been reluctantly compelled to look upon the
Third Auditor's office as a sort of Cerbonian bog,
iii which, when a claim is once ingulfed, it is a
miracle if ever it shall be extricated.
There are, in the transaction of public business,
requisite other qualifications than those Which
command admiration in private life. And, while
both the Third Auditor and the Commissioned of
Pensions, and Secretary of the Interior, and many
of their clerks, it may be a majority, hail from
the good old "Mother of States," and are all ad-
mitted to be clever, honorable, And intelligent gen-
tlemen, that fact neither accounts for nor justifies
the delay which has occurred in the transaction of
the business springing out of the "bounty land
Kte."
Sir, what has become of the clerical force em-
ployed in issuing bounty land warrants to soldiers
who were^engjtged in the Mexican war? Why is
not this sufficient, When properly applied, to man-
age most of the cases arising under the law of
1850? Let us look a mbment into the manner of
conducting the business. A soldier presents his
claim at the Pension Office, stating therein his com-
pany, regiment, length of service and identity of
person, and producing his discharge, if he has it, or
the depositions of two witnesses to his service if he
has lost the discharge. We Will say he is a Ken-
tucky soldier, for example. His papers are exam-
ined first at the Pension Office as to the form. If his
declaration is made up correctly, and the oath of
identity is sufficient, the case then passes to the
Third Auditor's office, a quarter of a mile district,
that the declaration of the soldier may be compared
with or verified by the cortipany roll on record there.
The Third Auditor sends it down to the clerk hav-
ing charge of the Kentucky rolls, Who looks into
declaration for the regiment and cortipany, and then
takes the rolls from the archives and institutes the
comparison. If he finds the soldier's name on
record, then I understand the case is referred to
the Paymaster 'b rolls, to institute another compari-
son as to the number of times that soldier has
been paid at muster, By way of surety as to the
duration gf his service. Should his case pass these
examinations, then it returns to the Pension Of-
fice, where the claim is registered; and thence it
passes to the office of the Commissioner of Public
Lands, who, in turn, sends it to a registering clerk,
afid then to one who fills up land warrants; and
thence it passes to the claimant, and is ready for
him to locate upon public lands, subject to private
entry. When located, the returns are again made
to the Commissioner of the Land Office, with
range, township,district, quarter section, &c.,&c.,
all indorsed on the warrants, and if its escapes a
caveat, mistakes, loss, &e., &c., it may turn out
a patent, and after going through the "hands of the
President's "sighing Secretary," reaches, after
years of toil, the hands of the fortunate claimant.
This is a rough sketch of the adventures of a land
claim. Now, we have in the Third Auditor's of-
fice but one set of these rolls, and, of course, but
one clerk can examine the roll, and if others desire
to examine they must wait their turn. You will
see, sir, this is aitiost tedious process; and no mat-
ter how you multiply the clerks, so long as you
have not a multiplication of rolls, the obstruction
must remain which impedes the discharge of the
business. In many a case now on file, the soldier
has stated his service from recollection; does not
remember the number of his regiment, or the ex-
act name of his Colonel. He desires to know,
in advance, whether his name is enrolled, for,
"good easy soul,"he says, his discharge tJ lost.
That soldier cannot have the examination made,
lest, forsooth, a fraudulent claim may spring up.
"The Government does not furnish evidence
against itself," quoth the Chief of the Bureau.
Sir, I want to put an end to all this. It ij afitrce.
There is not a revolutionary claim of any kind to
which some agent or speculator out of doors has
not by one means or another had access, and this
class of persons have fattened constantly os the
ignorance of honest claimants, or have made gain
tiy affording them information, from the Govern-
ment archives, which neither they nor their Repre-
