282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
sentative could obtain by request of the Depart-
ment. My observation is general, but no doubt
the history of the Pension Office would bring hun-
dreds of instances to corroborate the correctness
of my remark. Let us not commence the admin-
istration of the bounty land law by allowing a
repetition of these practices. Sir, throw open the
doors—let the light among the people. It was the
intent of Congress to give to every soldier his laud
bounty. Why shall we spread this bounty before
his gaze, and then hide from the old veteran the
evidence of his title to that bounty which our own
offices contain ? Why put him to the trouble of
proving the facts we already know? Why send
nim away empty-handed from our doors, when,
by a moment's reference to our books, we could
secure his claim ? I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that in-
stead of spending this money to feed a corps of
clerks who may be called up here from all quar-
ters of the country, let us spend the money in pub-
lishing iu every State the rolls of the companies
from such State, which are recorded here, that the
people may learn whether or not we have the
names of those entitled to the benefits of this law.
Unless you multiply the rolls you may add ad
infinitum to the clerks, without expediting the ex-
ecution of the law. Gentlemen say this publica-
tion would involve an enormous cost. There are
not more than half a million of names   
A Voick: 676,000 on the rolls.
Mr. MARSHALL. That includes the whole
number enrolled in all the wars; but we do not
want the soldiers of the Mexican war, or those
who have drawn bounty land in the war of 1812,
nor the revolutionary records. But even suppose
that six hundred and seventy-six thousand names
are required to be printed, and that you pay a
printer two cents per name, or even three cents,
you dispense this information to every State and
through every hamlet in each State for twenty
thousand dollars—less than one third of the amount
you propose to pay to a corps of clerks for ma-
king examinations of the same rolls for- a single
year. I have already indicated my determina-
tion to offer an amendment to this bill, dispensing
with the greater part of these clerks, and author-
izing the publication referred to. If we pass this
bill as it is, we shall not finish the examinations
of those rolls while a man among us remains in
public life,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would like to know of
my friend from Kentucky, if it would be his wish
to have the whole business suspended until the
rolls should be published and copies sent off?
How long would it take, and hovy many clerks
would it require ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I would reply to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, by asking him if he does
not expect the rolls to be copied ? Does he expect
this corps of sixty-one additional clerks to exam-
ine the original rolls? When aroll is once copied,
for Kentucky, how long would it take to multiply
that roll to any extent desired by printing it? The
entire impression would not cost half of the wages
of one copyist!
Mr. HAYMOND. I understand that there
are monthly rolls of each company, and that the
muster rolls of each company are separate and
distinct. The rolls of each State are separate and
distinct, so that one clerk can be employed to un-
derstand it, and there need not be an increase of
clerks in order to examine the muster rolls. I
understand that a great number of the declarations
do not pass to the Third Auditor's office at all—'
those where the original discharge accompanies
the declaration—and a large number of clerks can
be profitably employed upon this class.
Mr. MARSHALL. My friend from Wheeling
does not quite understand this matter of the rolls.
The monthly rolls he alludes to are pay rolls—a
Very poor index by which to determine facts—and
the other rolls are the muster-rolls, upon which the
soldier was mustered into and out of the service.
There can be no propriety in enforcing the ex- 1
animation of the pay-rolls, to determine the dura-
tion of the service. A man may not be present at
a pay-muster. He may have been detached, or
in hospital, or in captivity, as well as discharged. ,
The muster-roll by" which he went into service, i
and the muster-roll by which he went out, are the
only important rolls. As to the practice of having
no examination when the discharge accompanies
the declaration, all I have to say is, that they
must be uncommonly smart who can determine j
the genuineness of a signature to a discharge, by
seeing the nameof "A. B.,Captain," to a printed
piece of paper. If the presentation of such a
paper is to dispense with an examination of the
! roll, the result may be very easily foretold. Bounty
land claims will be as long-lived as the old military
land warrants. Publish the rolls, let men prove
their identity and produce their discharge, or
prove their service and character, and this is
enough. You will in addition have a great number
of cases where there are no rolls—no discharges—
and this must especially be the case among those
glorious old men who followed General Wayne
to the battle of the Rapids, a.id in the preceding
campaigns. For these your rules of evidence
should be certain,but based at the same time upon
the difficulty of exactness, and some indulgence
for the lapse of time.
i x I have already alluded to the fact, that whether
the rolls are or. are not published, their contents
will be known to claim agents who reside here.
These men will find out what the soldier cannot,
and what neither you nor I can learn. I do not
know where the fault lies, but it is a grevious
fault in a Government like ours. Now, I want to
publish the rolls at once, that each man may see,
before his application as well as afterwards, ex-
actly the assistance the Government archives can
lend in establishing his claim, and that this assist-
ance shall be cheerfully yielded.
I think it probable some additional assistance
may be wanted, but it yet remains to explain why
the clerks who have been employed on the Mexi-
can land warrants cannot discharge this duty now
that the press of the Mexican warrants has passed
by. What is this force engaged at ? Besides, I
| understand that the Secretary of the Interior has,
j without authority of law, actually employed the
greater part of the clerks now asked for, and it
i remains to show why, that fact being admitted,
: the business has not already been satisfactorily
dispatched. What stops the execution of the
law ? If he has had the force since the adjourn-
ment of Congress, (relying upon our paying it
with a deficiency bill,) why have not the warrants
been issued? Is the adaptation of the force only
equal to the results achieved? Why, sir, up to
last Tuesday, I understand that though forty
thousand cases are lodged, not a single warrant
had been issued, and that during the few days
succeeding Tuesday only eight or ten had come
forth!
What is this force ? In the Pension Office one
principal clerk at $1,600, one assistant at #1,400,
five clerks at $4 per day each, and thirty-three
with a salary of $1,000 per annum each. In the
Third Auditor's office, one clerk at $1,600, one
assistant at $1,400, -four at $1,240 each, and six-
teen at $1,000 each.
If this business has .already had the benefit of
the labor of these men, for some sixty days, I
want to see the balance sheet exhibiting the labor
they have done, before I vote their permanent
employment. It is not enough for me, that I shall
hear the cry of " necessity—more force." I must
see some good result attained by that which has
been done, before I consent to go further.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The committee came to the
conclusion that the additional force was absolutely
necessary. We visited the Third Auditor's office
with the express purpose of finding how large a
force of clerks was necessary. We examined and
cross-examined the clerks upon this point under
oath, and from a thorough examination reached
the conclusions of our report.
Mr. MARSHALL. This is all no doubt true,
and gentlemen may be satisfied with the testi-
mony as to the " absolute necessity." For my-
self alone I have the right to speak; it does not
satisfy me. When I look at the little that has
been done—at the amount of force employed al-
ready—at that which was on hand before; when
I hear the murmurs of the people that this law was
misconstrued at the beginning—that the circulars
of the chief of the Interior held the word of promise
to the ear which induced expectation of great lib-
erality and efficiency, and has come to so meagre
a consequence thus far,—sir, I am loth to go a
single step further until I see a chance of beneficial
results for every dollar I vote out of the Treasury.
Mr. Speaker, I have been "a looker-on" for
nearly two years, and I may as well now express
an opinion which I entertain as at any other time
or place. The interest of the people of this country
demands that there shall be a thorough reform earned
into the bureaus of these Departments, and a much
more substantial economy practised.
Our Treasury is not too bountifully supplied,
and the demands upon o% resources outstrip the
means at our command. I will not go into any
general considerations to-day, however, which
traverse the legitimate bounds of this discussion.
I am willing to withhold my vote from this bill as
it is, because I am not satisfied that the necessity
exists for this increase of clerical force, if that
which the law already allows were vigorously ap-
plied to the execution of the law. I am not will-
ing to vote an additional supply for the mere pur-
pose of swelling the departmental patronage. It
will not answer to tell me that a clerk performs a
day's work when he fills up or examines thirty of
these cases. Sir, he ought to fill up three hundred
and then have leisure. There is not more writing
in one of these warrants than upon the superscrip-
tion of a letter with tjie frank of a Representative.
The name of the applicant and his rank and com-
pany—the quantity of land to which he is enti-
] tied—the number and date of the warrant, embrace
( all the writing in a warrant, and requires the ex-
ercise of no intellect—no art but penmanship.
| Let any one look at the writing in a warrant, and
! he can easily judge of the character of an em-
ployee who thinks he has earned his salary when
1 lie has filled up thirty or fifty in a day ! I am
content to abide the consequence of refusing this
great increase of force for the purpose of carrying
out this law, and I am ready to proclaim my non-
acceptance of the excuse given for the delay. If
| any responsibility shall be incurred from a failure
i to nave the law carried out according to its true
i spirit, an intelligent people will easily learn where
j the censure should justly rest.
j Other gentlemen may vote for this measure. I
! have taken my position, and have offered these
j brief remarks merely to justify the vote I feel that
j duty commands me to give. I am willing to aid
in effecting a prompt execution of the law—in le-
! gislating for that purpose, if necessary. But I
i have a choice of means, and I prefer that course
which brings the facts at once to the knowledge
of the people interested. I am in favor of an active
economical reform, and I am willing now and
here to commence it. I am willing to stand by it
until the executive action in every bureau snail
satisfy me that each is engaged to the full extent
of its capacity, when directed by an intelligent,
industrious, and able chief.
Mr. GORMAN. This is a bill to provide for the
more prompt execution of the bounty land act,
passed 28th September, 1850. The first section
provides for the necessary additional clerical force
in the execution of the law. The second section
provides for their salaries, &c. I believe, sir, I
nave had as much experience in the business of
this Department, during the last and present ses-
sions of Congress, as most members on this floor.
I have filed several hundred applications for bounty
land for my constituents, and for the citizens of
my State, and I think I know much of the details
'of this office, and whether additional force is ne-
i cessary or not. The temporary clerks provided
j for by this bill, have been appointed without au-
< thority of law by the executive head of the De-
partment. I am willing to allow these clerks, for
I the purpose of facilitating the issuing of these war-
rants to the soldiers. But, sir, I am not willing
| that this unlawful usurpation of power shall ripen
j into a settled custom and practice. It is a danger-
' ous precedent, and may and will lead to much evil
in the administration of the Government. It
should stop, and stop now, and forever hereafter.
I do not now complain that this force was not
necessary. I do not complain that the head
of this Department exercised this power to the
detriment of the public service—for I believe it hss
been the practice of the heads of the several De-
partments to pursue this course during every Ad-
ministration for many years past.
But the inquiry is, why have the soldiers' war-
rants not been issued long before this ? The De-
partment says it is because the engravers of the
certificates could not or had not completed and
furnished them sooner. I know that letter after
letter has been written to the engravers, urging, in
the most earnest manner, the speedy execution
and delivery of them to the Department. But in
this part of the business there has been culpable
delay, or a total want of energy and efficiency
