1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
somewhere, eitherin not having the copy for the en-
graver sooner, or from some such cause. Whose
fault this is, I have not been able to ascertain. But
I return to the inquuML whether this additional
temporary force is ne^Pbary ? It is only necessary
to refer to the vast accumulation of business in
this office, under the act granting bounty lands,
passed 28th September, 1850, and especially to
look into the details of receiving, examining, regis-
tering, and issuing applications and warrants, to
see that some additional force must be given. I
ask the indulgence of the House, to state some of
the details of this office in bounty land claims,
which, I think, I can do with tolerable accuracy.
First, they aire received by the Commissioner of
Pensions; secondly, entries are made of all cases
separately that are filed by members of Congress.
These entries are as follows, passing from clerk to
clerk: First, the applicant's name; second, his res-
idence; third, the name of the attorney or agent;
fourth, when received; fifth, the particular war in
which the soldier was engaged; sixth, the length
of service; seventh, the company, corps, and regi-
ment in which he served; eighth, the number of
the claim and the date of filing it. In the next
place it goes to the enveloping clerks. In the next
place it is sent to the Third Auditor's office, to be
compared with the rolls. In the next place it is
returned to the Pension Office and examined, to
see if there is any discrepancy in the proof and
the rolls, and when found correct, it goes to the
certificate clerk, who fills up the warrant, and
then it goes to the Commissioner of-Pensions for
his final signature. This, sir, is a brief view of the
routine of each and every bounty land claim under
the law, and this requires clerks to dispatch busi-
ness at each step.
In the next place, the clerks who fill up the
warrants have to fill op a marginal copy of the
number, date, name, service, &c., to keep perma-
nently on file, to be able thereafter to detect frauds
and forgeries. So that if a clerk sends out from
his office fifty warrants per day, he has performed
an additional labor of fifty more, making his labor
per day equal to issuing one hundred. I am firmly
convinced that more than twenty-five or thirty
per day can, and ought to be issued. But my
honorable friend from Kentucky [Colonel Mar-
shall] says he thinks " a clerk ought to fill up
three hundred per day and then have leisure." I
■can assure my friend that if he will try the exper-
iment himself for one month, and during office
hours, fill up and send out, from his office, three
hundred per day, he will do what no other man
has ever done, or ever can do. I tell him, that so
soon as the blank certificates are ready for the
Pension Office to a sufficient amount, that the ne-
cessary force can be put on them, ihey can and
will issue three hundred per day. But, at this
point, I must say, that a great blunder has been
committed in having these engravers to strike
these plates, and put them up in books containing
five hundred or a thousand blanks: they should
have been issued in books of one or two hundred,
and then, instead of having one clerk issuing forty,
eighty, or one hundred and sixty acre warrants,
they might have four or five .clerks engaged at the
same time on each; and this, to my mind, shows
great want of order, arrangement, and efficiency;
and in this is to be found the most palpable causes of
the unnecessary delay in this Department. The
head of this bureau should be a man of method
and efficiency. If the present incumbent possesses
these qualities, he has not yet developed them.
This Department has not that systematic efficiency
that it had under the late Commissioner, Mr. Ea-
•wards. This arises, perhaps, from the want of
experience. I think the present Commissioner has
intellectual ability, and I have always found him
highly courteous and ready to do what is required.
I presume no member of this House could step
into that bureau, and in a-week or a month point
out with accuracy and dispatch all the details of
that Department of the Government. I have not
risen to find fault, nor to condemn unjustly. But
I have risen to say, that this bureau, at this time,
is wonderfully deficient in system and efficiency.
The clerks generally, so far as I know, are com-
petent and industrious. And to correct this delay
in the routine of bounty land applications, all the
rolls, from 1790 to 1815, ought to be brought from
the Third Auditor's office and placed under the
control of the Second Auditor.
All the rolls, from July, 1815, are now under the
control of the Second Auditor; and the business of
that office is promptly kept up, and one clerk in
this office keeps up the business arising from the
Florida war, the Creek war, and the Black Hawk
war; and five clerks keep up all the business
arising out of the Mexican war, including all
claims on the Pay Department. The Third Audit-
or's office, in the language of my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] " is a sort of Cerbonian
bog, in which, when a claim is once ingulfed, it
is a miracle if it ever is extricated;" and my expe-
rience fully confirms his remark.
Then, Mr. Speaker, this change ought to be
made, and 1 suggest to this House that this bill
should make that change. The Pension Office is in
the third story of the building opposite the Navy
Department, while the Third Auditor's office, in
which all the old rolls are deposited, is in the base-
ment of the Treasury building, more than a quarter
of a mile off, so that all the certificates from the
rolls have to be carried backwards and forwards
between those buildings. The whole of these rolls
ought to be in the custody of the Second Auditor
According teethe minutiae of the duties of that
office, they legitimately belong to him, as he has
the pay rolls of all the offices connected with the
army, and he ought to have charge of these rolls
also. I am proud to bear testimony that there is
not a man in this Government, nor ever was, in
my belief, more capable, more prompt, and more
efficient than the Second Auditor of the Treasury.
If this business were now in the possession of
Philip Clayton, I appeal to my colleagues, and
gentlemen on this floor, if the business would not
have progressed—I will not say how much more
rapidly, but certainly with far greater rapidity
than now? I would ask, would you, as now, have
to wait sometimes for an answer three or four
days to questions that would be solved in forty-
eight hours when he was at the head of its busi-
ness ? He is an efficient man, sir; and he has
order, system, and arrangement in everything he
does.
If I ask how many land warrants have been
issued, I am told that warrants for forty acre
tracts and one hundred and sixty acre tracts
have been issued, but none for eighty acres, be-
cause no engraved plates of the eighty acre war-
rants have come to hand. When I inquired this
very morning how many had been issued, and
told them that I asked for the purpose of being
enabled to defend, and not attack, the administra-
tion of the Department, if they had issued as many
as I had heard, (for 1 was told between seven and
eight hundred had been issued,) I was officially
answered that they commenced last Tuesday, and
had issued onehundred and sixty-three. Will you
tell me that the Department can be efficient ?
I am not making these objections from political
bias. If I know myselfs no such motive actuates
me. Sir, the Department needs renovation. It
needs temporarily this force of clerks. There
must be system introduced; the clerks must not
be delayed in their work from want of a proper
guidance. f Why is it that more warrants have not
been issued ? They say that there are as many-
clerks now in the Department as can be employed.
What is my remedy ? I say to this House, that if
you want this law efficiently executed, you should
transfer the duty, in relation to the examination
of the rolls, now performed in the Third Auditor's,
to the Second Auditor's office, where it legitimately
belongs, and then I believe you will have it done
promptly and efficiently; and if you do, I can tell
you that the man who does not perform his duty
promptly will hear from the Second Auditor. I
have not consulted with him. I have not spoken
with him on the subject. I have not had it sug-
gested to me by him that I should make these re-
marks, nor have I led him to expect them. He is
an efficient man, and if you want your work to be
accomplished well, you must place these old rolls in
his office. I will not trouble the House longer.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, who was
very indistinctly heard at the Reporter's desk, said:
I do not rise for the purpose of making a speech,
but I desire the attention of the House for a mo-
ment, to enable me to suggest what I conceive to
be a most important amendment to the bill. I
hope that the gentleman who offered the last
amendment will agree to it, because if he does not
it cannot be voted on. My amendment is this: I
find that the Secretary of the Interior has put a
construction upon the act in reference to the militia-
men, which seems to me to do gross injustice—
not intentionally of course—to that class of sol-
diers. I send the decision of the Secretary of the
Interior to the Clerk's desk, and ask that it may be
read.
The Clerk read the following:
Department or the Interior,
Washington, December 7, 1850.
Sir : Your favor of the 6th instant, inclosing a letter from
Henry C. Johnson, Esq., inquiring "if the militia called
into service bv a State, for the protection of its frontier, are
entitled to the benefits of tlie act of September 28, 1850,
granting bounty lands," has been received. I have the
honor to inform you, that under the construction of the act,
by this Department, those only who have been actually en-
gaged in the service of the United States are entitled to its
benefit*, and not those engaged in the service of an individ-
ual State.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEX. H. H. STUART, Secretary.
Hon. John W. Howe, House of Representatives.
Mr. THOMPSON, (in continuation.) My ob-
ject in bringing this matter to the attention of the
House, is to see if it be possible so to amend the
bill as to prevent this injustice. In the western
part of the State which.I' have the honor in part
to represent, there were numbers of troops who
were called out by order of the Executive of the
State, to defend the frontier, and who served some
one month and some two months, but were dis-
missed before they were regularly mustered into
the service of the United States Government.
Now, if they -served on the frontier, defending it
against the enemies of the country for one or for
two months, they are entitled to the same consid-
eration as those who were regularly in the service
of the United States.
I send to the Chair the amendment which I wish
to see made in the bill, and I will ask the gentle-
man who offered the last amendment to accept it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, \c., That the act of the 28th of September,
A. D. 1850, entitled "An act granting bounty lands to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States," shall not be construed to
deprive militia men called into service by State authority
from the benefit of said act, in States where troops were
at any time mustered into the service of the United States
during the war of 1812 with Great Britain, and whose terra
of service shall have been equal to the terms of service
provided for by said act, as entitles the applicant under said
act to bounty land.
Mr. THOMPSON was about to resume his re-
marks, but yielded the floor to
j Mr. CROWELL, who moved that the House
do now adjourn.
I The motion to actjourn was withdrawn to enable
Mr. ROBINSON to suggest to those members
' who were desirous of amending the bill that it
' would be better to set apart a day for its consider-
ation, and make it the special order for that day.
It was obviously necessary that this bill should
j be passed, and passed immediately, and if it was
' thrown over to-day it would never be got up again.
1 He would mov  to make the bill the. special order
for Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion could
only be entertained by general consent.
Several Members objected.
! Mr. ROBINSON moved to suspend the rules.
tThe SPEAKER said that that could not be done,
: as the House was now acting under a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. CROWELL moved an adjournment.
Mr. ROBINSON called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question being taken by division on the
motion to adjourn, it was decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 90, noes 49.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio : The petition of J. W. Grafton
and 58 other citizens of Ohio, for a |>ost route from Rich-
mond, by way of Smith's Mill, Grafton's Store, to Moore's
Salt Works. . „
By Mr. ELTOT : The petition of Sewall, Day & Co.,
and others, for protection on cordage manufactured in the
United States.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania : The petition of John
J. Given, E. Hutchinson, Jr., and 31 others, citizens of
western Pennsylvania, praying Congress to extend to the
surviving spies of the Indian war-of 1790, the provisions of
the act of Congress of the 7th June. 1832, entitled " An
act for the relief of the surviving officers and soldiers of the
Revolution."
By Mr. WELLBORN : The petition of L. B. Cauiv,
Messrs. Ray & Ross, and 95 other persons, praying " the
establishment of a post route from Dr. Swinney's, on the
stage line leading from Macoii to Lumpkin, to Stark-
