1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
to proceed la the consideration of any aabfcet, and at!
3sections as to priority of business, shall be decided without
ebate.''
These amendments lie over for future action.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That th« Committee od Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making more effectual
provisions by law to prevent the employment of American
vessels and American seamen in the African slave trade,
and especially as tq the expediency of (ranting sea letters
or other evidence of national character to American vessels
clearing out of the ports of the empire of Brazil for the west-
ern coast of Africa.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Department of War
furnish the Senate with the copy of a report of an expedi-
tion ftnm San Diego to the Colorado, by Lieutenant Whip-
pie, of the corps of topographical engineers.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Kisolved, That the Committee on the Library be in-
fracted to inquire into theexpediency of distributing to the
surveyors general, registers, and receivers of public moneys,
judges of the United States courts and others, the Biennial
Registers not disposed of under the existing law.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire Into the expediency of increasing the
salary of the Professor of Drawing in the Military Academy
at West Point.
DRY-DOCK ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. EWING submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire whether the clause in the first section of the act
of September 28,1850, providing for the construction of a
sectional or balance muting dry-dock, basin, and railway
at such harbor on the coast of the Pacific as the Secretary j
of the Navy may select, can be so amended and the plan
modified as to save a large amount of public money in
wj^e construction of the contemplated work, without detract-
ing from its utility.
Mr. GWIN, at a subsequent period of the day,
rose and said: A resolution was presented by the
Senator from Ohio, relating to the construction of
a sectional or floating dry-dock, basin, and railway
on the Pacific coast, when I was absent, a few mo-
ments since, and I desire to move a reconsidera-
tion of that vote. I want to discuss that resolu-
tion. ,
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not at lib-
erty to move a reconsideration if he did not vote
for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will make the motion, if
the Senator from California desires it.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is made to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
referred to the committee.
Mr. EWING. I do not see any very good rea-
son for that. The subject will be before the com-
mittee, and it will certainly do no harm for them
to consider it. If my information is correct—and
I have it from the Secretary of the Navy himself
—there may be a very large saving made by a
modification of the plan.
Mr. GWIN. I want to discuss that fact on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. EWING. Very well.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to.
The vote by which the resolution was adopted
was then reconsidered, and the resolution was laid
on the table, under the rule.
INUNDATIONS OF THE LOWER MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, a report came
from the Secretary of War on Friday, relating to
the inundations of the Lower Mississippi, and it
was ordered to be printed. I now move that five
thousand extra copies be printed. It contains'«
report of the survey of the engineers with respect
to the inundations of the Lower Mississippi, and
is in every respect a very valuable document.
Mr. WALKER. It is very unpleasant to me,
and I suppose it will be of little avail, to oppose j
this motion to print; for the Senate seems inva- !
riably disposed to adopt all such motions. But it !
must appear to any person who will give this sub- i
iect the least possible reflection, that what is sent
here is sent for our information. If it is not sent
here for our information alone, it is sent for the in-
formation of the authorities of Louisiana, it is
for our information, if we are to act upon it, and
for the information of the authorities or Louisiana
if she is to act upon it. Now, what can there be
in this subject which can bring the Senate to the
conclusion that the whole country is interested in
printing extra copies ? I cannot imagine; still I
presume it will be printed.
Mr. DOWNS. I did not make a motion to
print an extra number of copies of this document
when it was first presented to the Senate, because
I did not know what it contained. I have since
read it, and I find it contains very valuable inform-
ation; and as it is very short, containing only
about twenty pages, I hope there will be no objec-
tion to printing this number of extra copies. It is
valuable not only to Louisiana, but to the whole
country. I think if we print extra copies of any
documents whatever, this is one which should hie.
printed. The expense will be very trifling. ~
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, I think if there
is any document which ought to be printed for
public information , this is one. The whole valley
of the Mississippi is interested in the subject—the
upper portionsof the valley nearly, if not quite as
much as the lower. It is of great importance to
all that the lower Mississippi should be protected
from these inundations, which are increasing year-
ly, partly from natural, partly from artificial
causes.
Some of the improvements in the navigation
of the river, the cutting off bends, have, by
shortening the upper channel, increased the el-
evation of the inclined plane on which it flows,
and made the current more rapid, thus causing
it to bear down heavier alluvion, and deposit it in
the channel below, where the descent is less. The
river, in the natural course of things, is constantly
pressing its bed and banks outward into the Gulf,
thus lengthening, by addition at its lowest extrem-
ity, the lower channel, and making the inclined
plane on which it there flows less steep, thus in-
creasing, by these combined causes, the deposit
in the lower bed of the stream. When the water
swells above the banks of the river, if suffered to
flow out freely, it would deposit on the margin an
amount of alluvion proportioned to that in the bed
of the stream, and thus raise the valley on both
sides conformably to the rise in the channel.
Thus Nature carries on the process. But the le-
vees upon the bankB, thrown up to protect planta-
tions and towns, prevent the overflow and conse^
quent accretion on the banks, and confine it to the
i channel; so that the bed of the river rises, and the
banks remain stationary. Thus more and more
the river tends to rise above the artificial, as it has
risen above its natural banks; and as the bed of
the stream rises, and the artificial banks are eleva-
ted to guard against it, the probabilities of a breach
become continually greater, and the injury arising
from such breach, when it occurs, is also constant-
ly augmented. Every protected spot thus becomes
more and more sunk below the surface of the riv-
er _in time Of floods. Such is especially the case
with New Orleans, and unless efficient means be
taken to remove the difficulty, at the end of one or
two hundred years the spot where the city stands
will be uninhabitable.
We can mark this process, as going on in other
countries, where the rivers flow through light soils,
ever since the earliest dawn of history. If Homer
is to be relied on, (and the Greeks confided in his
geography implicitly,) the Island of Pharos, now
joined to the coast, was, at the time of the Trojan
war, opposite the principal mouth of the Nile, and
distant from it a day V sail of a galley with a fa-
vorable wind. That river has since made its chan-
nel through what was then a gulf of the sea, some
forty or fifty miles, by depositing its alluvion and
elevating its banks; but that channel, too, has
nearly ceased to exist, and the river now dis-
char^s itself by all its principal mouths many
miles to the eastward.
Such changes must go on with greater rapidity
at the mouth of the Mississippi, and the import-
ant question, the mighty problem to be solved is
how this difficulty is to be remedied ? It is a ques-
tion not for Louisiana, nor any section of the
United States alone, but for the mind of the nation
to consider; and I very much desire that the atten-
tion of the nation should be brought to it. And
as an inhabitant of the Mississippi valley, I am
obliged to the Senator from Louisiana for having
brought forward the motion to print an extra num-
ber of copies of this document, which will give
some information on this question and bring men
to reflect upon it.
Now I do not know what can be done to remedy
this evil in the valley of the Mississippi. I be-
lieve the efforts now making by the State of Loui-
siana are totally insufficient for permanent pro-
tection. I have no idea that our grant of land for
this purpose will approach within one tenth part
of the actual sum necessary to be expended to
make the work permanently effectual. I think a
channel of great width will have to be made from
some point near the mouth of the Red river, to
the Vermillion or the Atchafalaya Bay, with little-
excavation but well protected by embankments,
to carry off the surplus water in times of floods,
but not deep enough to divert the main channel of
the river when the water is within its banks.
Unless some such thing as that is done, I am sat-
isfied that the city of New Orleans, the great
natural mart of the Mississippi valley, will be sac-
rificed within two or three hundred years, and in
{ die intermediate time be visited by continually in-
creasing calamities. I suppose these reports of the
scientific men who have examined the valley will
contain information which will show us what is ne-
cessary to be done, and I desire to have the extra
number of the document printed, in order that the
public attention may be called particularly to the
subject.
Mr. WALKER. I hope I was not understood
as being opposed to the object to which the docu-
ment it is proposed to print refers I agree fully
in the importance of the work and in the remarks
so ably made by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Ewingj with regard to that importance. I did not
intend to say, nor even to intimate, that this was
not an important enterprise; far from it. I know,
and every man knows who reflects upon the sub-
ject at all, that something must be done in that
quarter. But is the object to be accomplished by
ordering an extra number of copies of this docu-
ment to be printed? Not at alt. We have had
the subject under consideration for a long time.
It was before us at the last session, and we have
for our information a report of the Secretary of
War. 1 presume that report will be referred to a
committee, and that the committee will take it into
consideration; and in connection with the informa-
tion which they get from the Secretary of War,
they will make a report. Then, when we get the
information which comes from the committee and
from the Department, let us print that; but do not
let us go and duplicate our printing simply for the
purpose of giving information to the authorities of
Louisiana, and without reference to the informa-
tion to be given to the people of the United States.
It is a matter of great magnitude, and when we
print, let us print that which may enable the
American people to return their voices to us. I
look upon this motion as trifling with the subject;
and I do not believe it will accomplish that which
the Senator from Ohio wishes to accomplish, nor
that which the Senator from Louisiana desires.
I have not thought of intimating that this waa
for the benefit of Louisiana alone. Not at all.
When I said that if we were to engage in the
work, the information was for us, and that if
Louisiana was to engage in the work the inform-
ation was for her, I mentioned it simply to show
that in either case the object was simply to obtain
information. But when we undertake to give.in-
formation to the vast numbers of people in the
valley of the Mississippi, let that information be
not only this, but all that can be obtained with re-
gard to the measure, and then let there be a proper
distribution of the information throughout the val-
ley of the Mississippi.
Mr. BADGER. I desire merely to remark, that
if the opposition to the printing extra copies of
this document springs from a spirit of economy it
will be well for us to recollect that the discussions
which take place here are printed at the public ex-
pense. It is probable that the printing of this
discussion will cost more to the country than the
printing of the document would, if it were allowed
to be printed without a word being said.
The motion to print was then agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce the following joint
resolution concerning the use of American manu-
factured steel:
ty t*« Senate and Butt of JtspraunfoMvec o/
