286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
Mr I'nM Slates of^mnim m wm M, That,
in mxkiii' contract for the benefit of the lulled Slate*.
American ni/l ih - t uri*.i ^1>'-I shall tn' prvierrod to torei^n
ma luractur ti wh urvcr ii can be found of a« good a
<)< .<! t* an.! ■>- l. « a price.
The resolution was then read a second time hy
its !ii!e, and refVrrrd to the Committee on Manu-
factures.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
itsk'^d and obtained leave to bring in a bill to ren-
der more effectual the jurisdiction of the circuit
court* of the United States; which was read a first
and second time bv its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received ■from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Yocxg, their Clerk:
'• Mr. President, I am directed br the House of Repre-
sentatives tn inform the 8ennte that it hat passed hills of
the following r;tl-s, in which I am requested to ask the
concurrence of the Senate ■
H. R. 351 An act to reduce and modify the rates of
poeta e in the I'mted States, and to provide for the coinage
of a three cent piovr.
'* H. R. S3 For the relief of Joseph D. Ward."
Bill No. 351 was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Bill No 85 was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. CASS. I wish to submit to the Senate a
ease, in the hope that it will be taken up. It is
one which has been before us, and I presume that
the proposition to take it up now will be agreed to.
It is to give apension to General Armstrong.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will not be taken up
Mr. CASS. I move that the Senate take it up.
It is one of the most meritorious cases ever pre-
se l'ed to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. It is a case with respect to which
the Senator from Michigan is mistaken, if he sup-
poses it can pass without discussion. I am satis-
fied that my friend on my right [Mr. Underwood]
will not allow it to pass without discussion. It
involves principles which Congress will be slow to
adopt. It is a private bill, and it should be reached
as it comes up on the calendar.
Mr. CASS. I regret to find that there is any
opposition, for if there is one case before the coun-
try which demtnds immediate action it is this.
tie performed the most gallant deeds for his coun-
try at the greatest hazard, and I may add with the
greatest suffering. Even if the case requires dis-
cussion, I still ask that it may be taken up.
Mr. SMITH. I am sorry to object to any mo-
tion made by any member of this body; but it will
lx? recollected that the order of the day in the
French spoliation bill, and I know that my friend
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] wishes to present
his views on that subject when it comes up. I
hope that the Senator from Michigan will consent
to postpone the discussion of the question to which
he has referred until a future day. At any rate,
I feel it to be my duty, alike to the Senate and the
parties in interest, to object to the interposition of
any subject whatever until we make a final dispo-
sition of this question.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the course pursued here with regard to
private bills. I had the honor at the last session
of Congress to present a petition from one of the
most gallant men that ever lived, who stated that
he lmd the flag of his country shot out of his hands
and his clothing and his body riddled with balls.
He has been occupied in teaching school, and has
done it till his eyesight has failed him. I trust
that such a case as his is not to be neglected in
order to take up the case of generals in the army,
who can maintain themselves.
Mr. RUSK. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. HALE. I have trot through.
Mr. BADGER. I wish simply to remind Sen-
ators that if we spend the day in determining which
subject shall be taken up, neither will be taken up.
Ln us have the vote on the question.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Cas* to postpone prior ordew, with a view
to take up the bill proposed by him, and it was
not agreed to,
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
On the motion of Mr. SMITH, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, of the bill to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st of July, 1801.
Mr. HUNTER addressed the Senate at consid-
erable length upon the bill. His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. SEWARD next obtained the floor, but,as
the usual hour of adjournment hud arrived,
On his motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 21, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE CONDITION OF THE PUBLIC BUSINESS.
Mr BAYLY having obtained the floor,
The SPEAKER said, the Chair desires to call
the attention of the House to the accumulation of
bills upon the Speaker's table. A large number
of bills have accumulated there—some of them
lying over from last session; and if it is intended
to act upon them during the present session, they
ought to be disposed of at some early day. This
can only be done by proceeding with the regular
order of business, which is the call of committees
t,   - rts lor one hour everv morning. The
Clio., .us discharged his duty in calling the atten-
tion of the House to the state of public business
on the Speaker's table; it remains for the House
to dispose of the matter.
Mr. BURT said he believed that the regular or-
der of business this morning was the call of com-
mittees for reports.
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order
during the morning hour: and at the expiration
of the morning hour it would then be in order to
proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BURT. I hope, then, that the House will
observe the regular order of business. Some of
the important committees of the House have not
been called for reports this session, and they have
in charge bills from the Senate which they hope
to have acted on, and which are of very great im-
portance to the public service. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had recognized
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Air. BAYLY- said : Mr. Speaker, in connec-
tion with the statement you have just made, I beg
to be indulged in a few remarks concerning the
state of the business of this House. The defi-
ciency bill has already been made the special or-
der from day to day until it is disposed of. We
will not be able to get through that bill in less than
three days. The New York Mint bill and the bill
providing a Board of Accounts have also been made
special orders. Each of these bills will take two
days. The importance of them will, at any rate,
entitle them to so much time for their considera-
tion. Four days have been set apart for the con-
sideration of territorial business, and one day has
been appropriated to the District of Columbia.
We all know that Mondays are consumed in mo-
tions to suspend the rules, and are dies nan as far
as the business af the House is concerned. There
are five Mondays remaining. Thus the House
will see that out of the thirty-five days of the ses-
sion still remaining, seventeen are beyond ourcon-
trol, and we have only eighteen "days, including
Fridays and Saturdays set apart by the rules of
the House for private bills, left to transact the
business of Congress not provided for in the spe-
cial orders. We have nine general appropriation
biils, which it is our imperative duty io consider
and pass; and the failure of any one of which
would lead to great embarrassment. These bills are
the Military Academy bill, the revolutionary and
other pensions bill, the Navy pension bill, rfle In-
dian bill, the Post Office hill, the Army bill, the
Navy bill, and the civil and diplomatic bill. In
these bills appropriations are made amounting to
upwards of $40,000,000, and providing for every
department of the public service. They ought to
be carefully considered; but if every aay of the
session which is not appropriated already, be giv-
en to the consideration of these bills, we cannot
give them but two days each, if we set aside pri-
vate bills on Fridays and Saturdays, and less than
one if we do not. Under these circumstances I
feel it my duty to call upon the House, in the most
earnest manner, to make no more bill special or-
ders, except the general appropriation bills, and
that it will sustain me on Monday next in making
tliem special orders. If it does'not, it is certain
that some of those bill will fail, or they will be
passed without due consideration. Alter this
statement, if the Committee of Ways and Means
is not sustained by the House, and the public ser-
vice will sutler, they must bear the responsibility,
which will be a very heavy one.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for.
Mr.STANTON, of Tennessee, inquired wheth-
er it would not be in the power of the House, by
unanimous consent, to receive those reports which
would not give rise to debate >
The SPEAKER replied that it could be done,
but that the regular order was the call of commit-
tees for reports, without relet ence to whether they
would raise debate or not.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Oil motion by Mr.MORRIS, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted to withdraw from the files
of the House, for the purpose of reference to one
of the Executive Departments, the petition and
papers of J. Moyer and others, of the iState of
Indiana, praying indemnity for lands bought from
the United States, the title of which is made in-
valid by the decision of the supreme court of
Indiana.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which was re-
ferred the petition of John Frazer and John Reed,
praying relief as sureties on the bond of Joseph
Boyd, late postmaster in the town of Newcastle,
: Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, made an adverse
report; which was ordered to lie on the table and
1 be printed.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the Committee on the Judiciary was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of citizens of Braxton county, Virginia,
asking for the surrender to Elias Wilson of th< 
title to one hundred acres of land of the United
States Government lying in said county of Brax-
ton ; and it was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. MEADE, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of members of Congress
from the State of Indiana, praying for the division
of said State into two judicial districts.
COURTS IN FLORIDA.
•
] Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Ju-
I diciary, to which was referred Senate bill No. 19,
| entitled " An act to amend the several acts estab-
lishing district courts of the United States in the
State of Florida, and to provide for writs of error
and appeals from said courts, reported the same
back without amendment.
Mr. M. said: I am also instructed by the com-
mittee to ask that this bill be put immediately upon
its passage, which can be more properly done, as
it contains no appropriation. I'have learned from
the judge of one of the districts of the State of
Florida, that it is important that this bill should
pass at as early a day as is possible, inasmuch as
it regulates the courts of the two districts into
which the State is divided, making some altera-
tions, and prescribing some rules in relation to ap
peals, and also difining the boundaries of the two
districts. The bill also provides for an increase
of the salaries of the judges to the same amount
as that which is paid at the present time to the
judges of Alabama and Georgia. The bill has re-
ceived the mature consideration of the Committee
on the Judiciary, and it is earnestly hoped that,
in view of the public exigencies of the State, this
House will consent to put it upon its passage,
as it has been sent from the Senate, and is pro-
posed without amendment by the committee.
The Clerk then read the bill through.
Mr. MEADE said: 1 find, sir,from the remarks
that are made by various members around me,
that the urgent necessity of this bill is not well
understood, and I will, therefore, briefly point out
the reasons that induce the Committee on the Ju-
diciary to hope that it may be immediately put
upon its passtige.
In the first place, the State of Florida is divided
into two districts, and some gentlemen seem to
think that it is strange that the State of Florida,
with a population far inferior to that of the State
