1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
of York, should W divided into an equal
miml^r of districts. Hut gentlemen must remem-
ber that the necessity for this division mto districts
K«t a 7-><n the '.un, that the cnse^ requiring
•dmdvatKjp art" of such continual and pressing
,  •  to demand a resident jun^r, and
that the .imrts should be almost i-ontmualW oj>en
at Key Went. That pM t is removed fully two
hundred milrt from any other habitable portion of
the State of Florida; and hence, the judge whose
duty it may he to discharge the maritime jurisdic-
tion at Key West, must have a fixed court there,
a* he cannot !>e expected to traverse the Stale of
Florida for the p<irt«K e of holding his courts. 1
have nveived, as w e!l as other members of the com-
mittee, numerous letters, both from the merchants
of New Or'enns and from those of New York,
•ettms forth, in the most forrible terms, the abso-
lute n<-eesaity of baring a judge constantly resident
at Key West, and that that judge should possess
the highest qualifications, both as to firmness and
honesty of purpose, and erudition in the law.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman yield me the
floor for a moment1
Mr. MEADE having yielded the floor—
Mr. HALL said: I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Mnpr.,] what is the com-
merce of Key West3 and whether it be as great as
that of the city of N'orfofk, in Virginia?
Mr. MEADE, (in continuation.) 1 will very
elatily answer the gentleman's question, and state
at the same time why it is important that a district
eourt should be constantly established at Key
West.
It is true that there is no commerce of any par-
ticular value at that point, except for such articles
as are brought in for the consumption of the in-
habitants of the little island. I believe that next
to n >ihm; is produced upon its surface: and every
morsel of meat, and every pound of bread, that is
used by the people of the island, is ionnorted from
the sister States of the Union, and the island of
Cuba. Hence, Mr. Speaker, the necessity of
^Aavin^a judge at that point, whose salary shall be
^T«d equate to enable us to command such qualifica-
tions as a judge should possess.
The pnce of fwd on the Island of Key West
is about four times as great as in any other place
in the United States, California, perhaps, except-
ed. I have been told by the judge of this district,
that there ire adjudicated before his c&urt in the
course of a year, cases involving an amount of
property of upwardsof $1,500,000; that, I think,
•was the sum he stated—perhaps it might have
been 03.000.000.
Vessels are cast away upon that coast; for it
will be remembered that Key West is the most
dangerous point for navigation on the Atlantic
coast, and all who are engaged in commercial en-
terprises in New York, New Orleans, and other
cities, are probably more deeply interested in the
establishment of a court at Key West than in the
establishment of a eourt in any other portion of
the United States. It is in consequence of this
(act, that the members of the Committee on the
Judiciary have received letters from merchants of
all descriptions in those cities, urging upon Con-
press the immediate necessity of increasing the
•alary of the judge of that court.
Mr. J ON Eh (Mr. Meade yielding the floor)
•aid: I wish to inquire of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, as I suppose it is his intention to move the
previous question at the conclusion of his remarks,
if there are not now two district judges in the
State of Florida? I will ask him if there is any
other object in this bill, except to increase the sal-
aries of those two judges ? I will also ask him
what are the salaries of those two judges now,
and what he proposes to make them?
Mr. MEADE. Gentlemen will observe that
the inquiries propounded by the gentleman from
Tennessee are already answered by the provisions
of the bill iiself. If the gentleman had taken the
trouble to read the different sections of the bill, or
if he had listened to them, he would hare found
that there are certain provisions incorporated in it
that would have convinced him of the importance
of the bill, am) of the necessity of passing it,
whether the salaries of thejudges are increased or
not. It is impossible that any man who would
read the various letters that have been written to
the comrni'U-e by merchants of New York and
New Orleans, could fail to conle to the conclusion
that those merchants and the commerce of the
country, and especially that which has reference
to the Gulf of MexWo and the coasting trade, are
more deeply interested in the appointment of an
able and honest judge at Key West, than at any
other point in the United States. It is a small
community, but the amounts in controversy
brought before that court are so very large that
there is an inducement 
Mr. JONES, (again interposing.) I would ask
the gentleman from Virginia whether the district
judges of Florida do not now get salaries of
$3,IR>0 per annum each? and whether, by this bill,
they are not increased to $3,500 each?
Mr. MEADE. I was about to state that the
salaries of these judges are either §1,300 or $2,000.
I am unable to say now which, but this bill in-
creases them some $500 or $700.
Mr. FOWLER, (interposing.) I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from Virginia whether it is
proposed to confine the labors of this judge to Key
West ? And I desire also to learn from him at how
many places these courts are held in the State of
Florida'
Mr. MEADE. I believe the first section of the
bill prescribes the boundaries of the two districts;
and though I am not well acquainted with the lo-
calities of the State of Florida, I think the State
is pretty equally divided as to extent of territory.
At the same time I must inform the gentleman
trom Massachusetts, that that portion of the terri-
tory of the State of Florida other than Key West,
which is assigned to the southern district, has
very few inhabitants in it, and the business arising
in that portion of it may be set down at naught.
The principal business of the court is of a mari-
time character, involving every year millions and
millions of dollars' worth of property that belongs
to the various merchants of the Atlantic, and the
Gulf of Mexico, and every case that comes be-
fore that judge involves upwards of $100,000. It
is unnecessary for me to inform this body of the
immense number of shipwrecks that take place
upon that coast, and the immense number of cases
of salvage that must necessarily grow out of them,
and the difficult character of those cases, involving
points of maritime law. And hence the necessity of
having a judge of superior character and leamihg
to decide those cases. Gentlemen who are ac-
3uainted with the workings of human nature, and
tie appliances that are brought to bear upon every ,
tribunal, not excepting even this House itself, j
must see the necessity of having a judge to pre- !
side over this court, which has to decide upon !
cases involving such an immense amount of prop-
erty, who will be perfectly independent of the
many extraneous influences which will ever be
mustered to warp and control his judgment. You
must have a man there of high character and of
great learning in the law.
Mr. GRIN NELL, (interposing.) 1 wish to
ask the gentleman from Virginia if he can state to
us accurately the precise amount that is adjudi-
cated upon annually by this judge who resides at
Key est ? If he does not know, I can say to
him that it has been more than $1,100,000 per an-
num for the last seven years. I recollect very
well how much the commercial interest suffered
before we had a judge at Key West who was a
man of character and learning.
I do think that the increase of salary has been
shown to be necessaiy, in order that the judge
shall maintain himself at that point. I think it
only right that the salary should be increased from
$3,000 to $3,500. I think that but moderate com-
pensation for a suitable judge to reside at Key
West, and adjudicate on the immense amount of
property that is carried in there as wrecks.
Mr. HALL,'(interposing.) Will the gentleman
from Massachusetts allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ? I understand the gentleman to say that it
is neefssary to have a competent man as judge at
Key West. I wish to ask him if the present judge
is not a competent man ?
Mr. GUINNELL. I understand that he is a
highly competent man; but it is very doubtful
whether he will remain at his post. I am given
to understand that lie is likely to resign and leave
the post, in consequence of the meagre salary that
is allowed.
Mr. HALL. I would ask the gentleman how
long t}ie present judge has held his situation ?
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not know. I have no
knowledge upon that point.
Mr. HALL. I would ask if any judges have
ever resigned the situation on account of inade-
quacy of salary ?
Mr. UR.INNELL. That I cannot say. I only
know that the commercial interests suffered very
materially for many years past, in consequence of
not having a good judge there, and one who is in-
dependent. 1 think that the salary of the judge
oujrht to be sufficient to render him independent,
and I am for giving him $3,500.
Mr. CARTTEll, (Mr. Meade still yielding
the floor.) Will the gentleman from Virginia in-
form us what is the necessity of having two dis-
trict judges in Florida, and what are the important
duties that devolve upon the judge in the interior
of Florida? It seems that in Florida, with about
one thirteenth of the population of Ohio, there is
a necessity for two district judges at $2,500 euch,
while the district judge of Ohio only has $1,500.
I am satisfied that it is very important that an able
judicial officer should preside at Key West, but
will the gentleman from Virginia give us the rea-
sons for having two district judges in Florida, and
state what are the important duties that devolve
upon the judge in the interior of Florida?
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, (Mr. Meade yield-
ing the floor.) If the gentleman from Virginia
will permit me, I wish to state that it appears to
me that many members of this House misappre-
hend the nature of this bill. It does not propose
to make another judge, nor redistrict the State.
There are already two districts in Florida.
Again, so far as we Floridians are concerned, it
is not a matter of any great importance. The
court is bf no great benefit to the )>eople of Flor-
ida; it is rather one established for the benefit of
the world at large. The judge at Key West is
no more exclusively the judge of the inhabitants
of Key West, than he is of members on this floor.
The people of New York, New Orleans, Bostoh,
and of maritime towns throughout the world, are
interested in this matter.
With regard to the statement made by the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] with respect
to the amount of property that is adjudicated on in
this court, I may state that it has amounted du-
ring the last five years to upwardsof $1,300,000
annually. It will be seen, then, that this provis-
ion of the bill is for the benefit of the commercial
world at large.
Mr. FOWLER wished to ask the gentleman
•from Florida a question.
|j The SPEAKER said that two gentlemen al-
! ready occupied the floor; but that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CABELL. I only rose for the purpose
of explanation; being intimately concerned in the
State to which the gentleman has referred; but if
I am not in order I shall not proceed.
Mr. BOWLIN rose to a question of order. He
wished to inquire if the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] could lend the floor all round the
House?
TheSPEAKER. As a point of order is raised,
the Chair must state that, strictly speaking, gentle-
men cannot interrupt one another except for pur-
poses of explanation. The practice of the House
indulges gentlemen in a wider range, when courte-
sy is extended by the House, ana the Chair does
not interfere; but when the point of order is raised,
the Chair is compelled to enforce the rule.
Mr. MEADE, (in continuation.) When gen-
tlemen request me to yield the floor for a moment,
I cannot know for .what purpose they intend to
obtain it, and presuming that they desire to make
; an explanation, I always yield the floor. I should,
doubtless, have concluded before now, if I had not
been subjected to so many interruptions, some I
think most unnecessary.
But in regard to what the gentleman from Flor-
ida [Mr. Cabell] remarked, I may say that this
court at Key West, in the southern district of
Florida, is not a court belonging to the people of
Florida. The cases which come before the judge
in that court at Key West, are cases which arise
upon the ocean. Probably not one suit out of
a thousand that comes into that court belongs to
the State of Florida; nor does that solitary c&se
arise out of the commerce of Florida.
I would ask gentlemen who seem to be carping
at the proposed addition to the salary to the judge
at Key West, how they would like to be trans-
ported to a bleak rock, or to a sandy desert, cut
i off from the society of the world, surrounded by
