292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
culty, which is sometimes presented, is got rid of
by pretending- that the public lands are enhanced
in value by granting alternate sections to roads and
canals. Well, I should like to know of gentlemen
•what apology they have for granting those lands
to schools and colleges? Certainly the lands are
not enhanced in value by this means.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (interposing, and Mr.
Meade yielding the floor.) I am very happy to
have it in my power to inform the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] the reason why we grant
the public lands to new States for public schools.
It is in virtue of the compact by which new States
are admitted into the Union, under which compact
the States severally renounced their right to tax
the public lands, both before their sale and for a
period of five years after the sale.
Mr. MEADE. I understand that that compact ;
With the new States only binds the Federal Gov-
ernment to give five percent, on the amount of sale.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] is mistaken. It gives them
the sixteenth section.
Mr. MEADE. Suppose it does give the six-
teenth section. You speqjv about a compact that
has no existence. Why, sir, before States are
admitted into* the Union, they are Territories be-
longing to the United States, and these are volun-
tary grants, voluntary conditions imposed by
Congress. The State nas no existence, and there-
fore cannot make the compact with Congress till
it be admitted by Congress; but Congress can, if
it chooses, agree to give to those states five per
cent, on the sale of the lands, or the sixteenth
aection.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from J
Virginia objects to the validity of the compacts j
on the ground that the States with which they are |
made are not, in point of fact, or in point of law 1
rather, States. If so the compact is void, in the •
obligations it professes to impose upon the States.
Upon his own principle we have a right to tax the
public lands before and after their sale, and the
right to take them uponUie ground of the right of
sovereignty.
Mr. MEADE. I gave way for an explanation,
but the gentleman is making a speech.
Mr. VINTON (interposing, and Mr. Meade
yielding the floor.) In connection with this mat-
ter of donation of public lands for the purposes ;
of schools and seminaries, I will state that they j
are provided for by the land ordinance of 1785. j
Before any new State was created, and before any i
Territories were created, the sixteenth ■section in
all the public lands of the United States, was .
set apart for the use of schools. That is the
ordinance which provides for the surveying of I
the public lands. As States have been admitted i
into the Union that gratuity which was provided '
for in the ordinance of 1785 has been given to the i
States.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That applies only to
the Northwestern States.
Mr. VINTON. ■ It has been extended by pther
ordinances to all States and Territories.
Mr. MEADE. If I am not wrong in the prin- ;
ciple I have laid down, it is a voluntary act on the !
part of the Government. The gentleman contends
that they have a right to take the property of the '
United States lying within their territories, but
for their agreement not to do so. I Ask him by
what right are they in the Union ? The old States
admitted them, and that is consideration enough
that they should not tax the lands belonging to tne
Government, within Whose protection they came
and agreed to constitute a part.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will answer the gen- '
tleman's question, by asking what right he has to
go out of the Union ?
Mr. MEADE. I suppose that I have the same !
right to go out of the Union that I had to come j
into it. 1 do not suppose that the Union is a den
to which all the tracks are going and none return-
ing. If we find a lion there, I hope we have some !
means of escape, either by running from, or fight- 1
ing him. The ordinance to which the gentleman [
from Ohio [Mr. Vimtok] alludes, had reference !
exclusively to the public lands granted by the j
State of Virginia to the United States, and not to I
the immense territory for which we have been re- : j
pay, and have paid, millions and millions i
of dollars, all of which Was collected at the East, j
while every cent derived from the public land has
been expended in the West. If you will examine '!
into the subject, you will find the sale of public
hinds have not even paid the expenses of survey.
I think I am right lh taking tnat position; and
even if they have paid for the expenses of survey,
they certainly have not paid for their purchase.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, (interposing,) re-
auested the gentleman from Virginia, to yield him
le floor.
Mr. MEADE declined to yield it.
Mr. COBB. I merely wished to state to the
gentleman that he is not naif right. [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. My whole proposition is right,
I say, without fear of contradiction, that the sales
of the public lands have not defrayed the expeiises
of their purchase and survey.
Mr. COBB. It has done more than paid them.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman flrom
Virginia is mistaken. It was so in 1835; but it is
not so now.
Mr. MEADE. Now, sir, they have not paid
the expense of purchase. According to the report
made two or three years ago, there was a de-
ficiency of some twenty-five millions of dollars.
However, whether I am correct or not, I know
one thing, that, having paid our equal share of all
those expenses, we are entitled to an equal benefit
from them; and under the system that has been
pursued during the last half century, we have not
derived a single cent's worth of benefit from the
public lands which we have paid for. Where
were the moneys collected that hfcve been expended
on them? In the East. Now will gentlemen
point to a single act of Congress by which any
portion of that money has been returned to us?
The fairest mode by which the old States can de-
rive any benefit from the sales of public lands, is
by bringing the proceeds into the Treasury, and
expending those proceeds in the payment of the
debts of tne country and the expenses of Govern-
ment. For that reason I was altogether opposed
to the distribution bill, introduced here some years
ago, and I still am oppose to it. The fairest mode
of distribution ia to bring the proceeds here into
the Treasury, to pay the expenses of the Govern-
ment and the debts of the country, an<f to that
extent relieve the burden that presses upon my
people as well as upon yours. You imposed a
burden upon the people by the purchase of these
lands, and. the proceeds of their sale Should be ap-
plied to relieve it.
If you pursue that policy I ant content. Let
all the proceeds of the public lands be paid into
the Treasury of the country, and applied to the
expenses of thte Government, and the payment of
the debts of the country. That is the wisest,
the cheapest, the most economical, and the most
equitable plan of distributing the proceeds of the
public lands. And, sir, that policy was advocated
years ago by those with whom I have the honor
of acting. Distribution among the States was op-
posed for the additional reason, that by subtracting
the proceeds of the public lands from the Treasury
it would furnish an apology to the protectionists
for raising the tariff to supply the deficit. Since
that time it has been ascertained that if you wish
to raise the revenue of the country by impost du-
ties, you must lessen them instead of increasing
them. The tariff of 1846 has demonstrated that.
But in view of the debts of the country, and the
increased "and multiplied expenses of the Govern-
ment, on account of the increase of territory, I
would prefer that the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands should come into the Treasury as
heretofore, if that system was not interfered with
.by those appropriations for local purposes; but
when I find that only a remnant of the proceeds
of the public lands comes into the common Treas-
ury 
Mr. STRONG. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that this discussion is not pertinent to the
motion to refer.
TheSPEAKER. The point of order made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is, In the opin-
ion of the Chair, ivell made. This debate is taking
entirely too wide a range. The Chair iwill state
to the gentleman from Virginia, and to the House, i
that an effort is being made to get the business of
the House distributed, and the Chair must there-
fore be a little rigid in ruling the debate strictly !
relevanf. The gentleman must confine himself to ,
the question of the instructions which he moves,
Mr. MEADE. I was not aware that I was !
violating the rules of the House in any manner. '
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the 1
question before the House is on the instructions
offered by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MEADE. I probably did travel rather
too wide of the question, but-—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must remember that debate does not take the
same wide range in the House that it does in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MEADE. I moved to print the bill and
instructions, and that seemed to me to open afield
wide enough for discussion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print does not
extend the debate beyond the subject-matter of the
bill; whether the instructions are ordered to be
1 printed or not; and the subject-matter of the bill is
confined to the appropriation of public lands for
, public-schoolpurposes.
Mr. MEADE. Well, it seems to me that the
remarks which I submitted were intimately con-
nected with that subject. I propose to show the
injustice of these private appropriations made for
local purposes in the West, where the public lands
are.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hold that
range of debate to be in order. If he is wrong, the
House must overrule him.
Mr. MEADE. I will appeal to the House
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] has submitted, as a point
of order, that the remarks made by the gentleman
from Virginia, discussing the general policy of
the Government in reference to the public lands,
cure not in order upon the motion now pending be-
, fore the House. The Chair has sustained the
point of order so ruled.
Mr. MEADE. I submit to the Chair whether
; he is not laying the proposition down rather too
broadly ?
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
I Mr. MEADE. The question is, whether, in the
' course of my remarks, I did go into a discussion
1 respecting the general policy of the Government
1 in reference to the public lands. I say that I did
, not.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman's remarks took that range, and on that
point ruled him out of order. He must confine
himself to the question of the disposition of the
! public lands in reference to the public schools. If
the gentleman appeals from that decision the Chair
will put the question. „
Mr. MEADE. Well, Mr. Speaker, you may
rut that question to the House. The question, as
understand it 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must put the ques-
tion to the House. The gentleman from Virginia,
in debating the pending question, was discussing
the general policy of the Government in reference
to the public lands. The Chair holds, and so
rules, that upon this motion he can only discuss
the policy of the Government in reference to the
disposition of the public lands in connection with
public schools.
Mr. MEADE. In that I agree with the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Virginia must confine himself to that question.
Mr. MEADE. The question is, whether I
have not been doing so?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. MEADE. Well, it is upon that question
that my appeal is taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled the re-
marks made by the gentleman from Virginia, at
the time he was called to order, out of order, for
the reasons which he has stated. Does the gen-
tleman from Virginia appeal from that decision ?
Mr. MEADE. Yes; it is from that decision
that I appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated its de-
cision, and the question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House or
not?"
On this question a division was called for, and
resulted—ayes 67, noes 59. So the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] will proceed in order with his
rciyiztrlcs
Mr. MEADE. I understand, sir 
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I rise, sir, to a
point of order. I understand that it is out of or-
der for the Chair to recognize a gentleman who
has been ruled out of order.
