M51.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBB.
298
The SPEAKER. If objection ia Bade, the
qnnuo* nuti be put whether the gentleman ftam
Vimnia proceed with his remarks or not?
Mr. .YlEADE. Doe* anybody object?
Mr. rVTTKR moved that the Houae adjourn.
Mr. MeLANE. I claim, Mr. Speaker, the
right to the four, When the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mutt] waa ruled out of order, 1 hold
it waa not competent to recognise him; and it is
therefore unnrr.r.—ary that the question should be
put to the Houae whether he proceed or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has acted in ac-
cordance with the general practice of the Houae.
If a gentleman w held to be out of order, he pro-
ceeds with tua remarks, unless objection is made.
If objection is made, the question must be put to
the House whether he shall proceed or not. That
ueetion must first be disposed of.
Mr. McLVN L I did not think that rule waa
the rule or practice of the House.
Mr. MEaDE. Mr. Speaker, wharis the pend-
ing question?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
•whether the gentleman from Viiwnia [Mr.
Mum] ahall or shall not be allowed to proceed
with his remarks?
The question being put was derided in the af-
firmative.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Speaker, I understand that
in reference to the motion that I hire made to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, that I can
at least show to this House that the old States,
having contributed their share in purchasing the
public lands, that, in making donations to schools
and colleges, they have a right to receive an equal
proportion of them. In doing that, of coarse, air,
I may show to what extent we are interested, and
what are the obligations of the Government in re-
lation to it.
Mr. McLANE. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia jrifld me the leor for the purpose of making
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. MEADE. Yea, I will give way to amo-
tion to adjourn.  
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the Houae then
adjourned.
NOTICE Or A BOX.
Mr. H iXH gave aotee tint he shoatd ask leave lo
IMirfKt iH lo par to the State of Maine interest an
mrmry limintoi. iqnM by hM State for the ase of the
VaM Bmam, sad which laassiaeebwnpmil to said Blale
by the I"sited Stales.
petitions, he.
r petitioas and memorials were presented
Br Mr. BTEVBirs, arreansjrtvaaia:
I W maa u4 ofhen, ciassas (f J
By Mr. OTIS: The
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of Horse* Sheldon,
aa4105 others, of Perry Centre, Wjonlai county, N*w
York, praying for the repeal of the Aigttive slave law.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Daniel M. Whitney,
Saatasl Rjraa, H. Mooers, sad others, citisna* of Wisooa-
sui, for an appropriation for a light-house at Bailey Harbor,
on Lake Michigan.
Also, the petiton of Francis P. Cadin and Mnses 8. Gib-
son It* Ikes upon entries hr mihlary land wanrants.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The memorial of Jtuaes Cniple,
and 190 other cttisen* of Ripley county, Indiana, in favor
of connecting the aational capital and the seapotts on the
waters of the Atlantic with the towns on the waters of the
Paciltc with a railroad.
The petition ef
qftvsaus, pnfim for the repeal of the ftagMve stare law.
Also, two petitions at citizens of Backs coeaty, pmyiag
for He immediate repeal ef the fhgitire atave law.
Also, foor petitions, awenasly tfgned by citisens ef
Maatgiissiij aad Chsaias rnaaliiis, praying for the ianne-
disle repeal afthe fagitive slave law.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of WUKaai B. Bart, as-
signee, he., afasg eompensation for mrlces and titam-
mmm ■ the magiaMns of Cheetsw ladiaas.
By Mr. DISNEY: The mesa anal frasa certain cUssa*
at Cincinnati, asking Congress to remove the impedilBents
to a ftee asvigatioa sronnd the foils of the Ohio.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of John Love aad 100
afon iMiwasefObaa, peayiag for foe repeal of the fugitive
slave law.
Abo, foe petition of Joel Wood and 55 other ef
Belmont county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the pernios of Francis D. Fox and 49 other citizens
of B rlmanf naaQ-.Tthia.fiir the ear parpoer
By Mr.XeQIXES : The aasaaarial ef Hagh Craig aad
9! others eititens of CbesterfleW district, Booth Carolina,
prsvinr for s branch mint in Charleston.
e petition of WiBiaa Emmons and
other lenl vetsm of Halknmtl, Msiae, in faver of a
congress of nations for the ■rttJement of difficulties betwsan
nations, and to supersede the alleged necessity of war.
Also, the petition of Aasyl Clarke and >73 inhabitants of
the city ef Gardiner, Maine, askingthat the law commonly
called the fagitive riave law, peased at the last aamioii of
C'aniRH, be forthwith repealed.
Br Mr. PCHEWK: The memorial of F. Whitney and
MO other eittseas of Erie eoanty, Ohio, praying that Con-
gress wiU mat the right o< way aad an appropriation ef
dbMk lands, to aid ia the ceostractiaa of a railroad from
Baadnsky city west to die Mississippi river, via Defiance,
OMo, LaAyettr, rndisna, snd Springfleld, flnnoia.
By Mr. CBOWELL: Tile petition of O. M. OHstt, Jr.,
aad Setter legal Men of the county of Bammit,Ohio,
paaytag the rapeal ef the fagitive slave law.
By Mr. TATLOR: Theipetitian of B. H. Johnson, Jr.,
John A. Triable, aad 180 others, citizens of Highland
eoanty, Ohio, praying Ceases* to grant a portion of the
public lands to the Ohio aad Mississippi Railroad Company,
sad to the Cincinnati and Before Railroad Company—beth
connecting at Cincinnati, and extending from St. Louis,
by Cincinnati, fo the western terminus or the Baltimore and
Otnacatlasad.
IN SENATE.
TvgiDAT, January, 91,1831.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from in-
ventors and other cttisen* of Newark, New Jersey,
asking that the bill now before Congress for the
amendment of the patent laws may at once become
a law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
merchants of the city of Philadelphia, asking that
a line of mail steamers may be established between
that city and Rio Janeiro; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial from
the late and present registers and receivers of the
land office at Champagnole, asking an increase of
compensation for locating military bounty land
warrants; which waa ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented two memorials
from inventors and others in the city of New
York, interested in patents, asking that the bill
now before the Senate for the amendment of the
patent laws may be passed during the present ses-
sion; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of New York, asking a reform in the patent
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Da-
vid Winalow, of Portland, Maine, a contractor,
asking to be relieved from a certain judgment ob-
tained against him by the United States, in conse-
quence of the war with Mexico and the famine in
Ireland having raised the price of beef to an extent
far beyond what could have been calculated upon
at the time he made his contract; which waa re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of
Nicholas Gevelot, asking compensation for the
1 construction of a small model of an equestrian
statue of General George Washington; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library.
He also submitted documents in relation to the
application of John Schley for the extension of his
patent; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MANGUM submitted documents in rela-
tion to the necessity of a reoiganization of the De-
partment of State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, it
was ordered that the petition and papers of Wil-
liam H. Shover, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of cer-
tain citizens of ths State of Arkansas, asking the
establishment of a-mail route from Forsyth, in the
State of Missouri, to Lebanon, in the State of Ar-
kansas; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from certain postmasters in the
State of Arkansas, asking the establishment of s
mail route from Pine Bluffs, in that State, to Bas-
trop, in the State of Louisiana; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a resolution from the Legislature of the
State of Arkansas, requesting their Senators and
Representative* in Congress to use their influence
to nave a weekly mail established from Princeton,
in Dallas eoanty, to El Dorado, in Union county,
by way of Moro Post Office, Little Bay, and
Miller's Bluff; which waa referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the memorial of
Thoffias M. Hope, asking payment for moneys
paid by him while acting as United States marshal
in the district of Illinois, asked to be digcheuged
from the further consideration of the same, and that
i it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
> Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of John James Flournoy, of
Georgia, recommending the Government to retain
possession of a portion of the gold mines in Cali-
fornia as a means of repleting me Treasury with-
out taxation, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
•greed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Robert D. Sewall, executor of Robert Sewall, de-
ceased, asking indemnity for certain property de-
stroyed by the enemy during the late war with
Great Britain, submitted a report in writing, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the practical printers of Washington
against the contract system, reported against print-
ing the same; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed tn inquire into the expediency of reorganising the
Detainment of State, and of affording more force for the
expeditious and efficient dispatch of its business. t
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered and
agreed to:
Rsssli sd, That the Committee oa Military Affitfra be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of introducing the
camel into tlie United States for purposes of army transport-
ation.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Rmlved That the Committee oa the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to Inquire into the expediency of
eslshliihing the following mail routes, vis: 1st. From An-
toine, in Clarke county, via Mufreesboroagh and Wilton,
in Pike county, via Center Point and ParacHfta, in Sevier
county, Arkansas, to Clarksville, in Texas. 3d. From
Clarksrttle, Arkansas, via Tatton Uwbank's, on Malberry
river, to BL Paul, on White river.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARKE, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of William P. Greene; which was
read a first and second time by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked and ob-
tained die unanimous consent of the Senate to in-
troduce a bill to require the register of the land of-
fice at Auguata, Mississippi, to perform certain
i duties heretofore performed bj the surveyor gen-
eral south of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time by its title and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHIELDS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to grant the
right of way to the Mississippi and Atlantic Rail-
road Company through the public lands in the
8tate of Illinois; which was read a first and second
time by its title and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of settlers on public lands; which was read
a first and second time by its title and- referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was ordered
that the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
laid before the Senate yesterday, covering the re-
port of Doctors Edwards and Loring on the sub-
ject of Marine Hospitals, be printed.
JURISDICTION OVER SENATE CHAMBER.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Hale the 14th instant,
relative to placing the Senate Chamber in the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Arms when not in session.
On motion by Mr. HALE, it was ordered that
it lie on the table.
POTOMAC INSURANCE COMPANY.
A message was received from the House of
Representative* by Mr. Yopjro, their Clerk:
Mr. PsssisssT: The House of Representatives concur in
the amendments of the Senate to their amendment to the
bin to renew and continue in force the charter of the Poto-
mac Insurance Company of Georgetown.
| AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the report of the select committee made by Mr.
Badger yesterday, upon his proposition to amend
the tenth rule of the Senate. The original propo-
sition is as follows:
