234
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2I#
Resolved, That the tenth nife of tihe Senate be amended i
by adding thereto the foJIowin* woro :
it y\nd any motion mav be withdrawn by the mover at
,„v time before a decisi-m or amendment, except a motion
to reconsider, which shall not be withdrawn without leave ,
"SS&im the following be added to the rules of the '
"All motions to take up a bill, resolution, or other attb- •
feet which shall hare been laid on the table; all motions to !
proceed to the consideration of any subject, and all ques- ■
tions as to the priority of business, shall be decided without
debate."
The report as amended by the select committee
is as follows;
« And any motion may be withdrawn by the mover at any
time before a decision, amendment, or order of the teat and
nayt. except a motion to reconsider, which shall not be
withdrawn without leave of the Senate."
Mr. BELL. I do not wish to delay the Senate
in passing upon this resolution, if it is their pleasure
to do so now; but I would like to know of the
Senator who introduced it, if it is proposed to cut
off all remark upon a proposition to take up a
subject which is lying upon the table, so as to
prevent any explanation. If that is the object of
the amendment, I think it will be very inconvenient.
AH Senators may not be aware that some expla-
nation may be demanded on some occasions by the
necessities of the case. Senators will often vote
against a proposition to take up a bill, if they have
not thought about it very much, whereas, if an
opportunity were given for a few words of expla-
nation as to the reasons for its being entitled to
priority, they would vote differently. Without
such an explanation they will hardly come into
the views of the mover, and be ready to vote for '
taking it up.
But again: I understand that is the parliament-
ary law of the body now, and if so, the motion to
cut off all debate, is only reenacting what is now
the law of the body. I understand it is the parlia-
mentary law of this body, and of every other of
which we know anything, not to allow debate
upon the merits of a measure until it is before the
Senate regularly. It is frequently done here we
know; but I have always understood that it is by
the courtesy of the body and of the president of
the body. Any gentleman has a right to stop de-
bate or remarks which are not pertinent to the
motion; that is, to show why the particular sub-
ject which it is moved to take up is entitled to pri-
ority. Therefore it is reenacting parliamentary
law, in the first place; and if it is intended to go
further, and preclude explanation of the reasons
for taking up a measure, then I say that it operates
very inconveniently, and we shall have to resort
to the principle of extending courtesy in some
cases when it is not properly due.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose my friend from
Tennessee does not imagine that if I were to give
any explanation of the meaning of that rule, that
my explanation would be an authoritative interpre-
tation of the rule when it came to be applied here.
The rule means what it says: " It shall be decided
without debate." It means exactly what the rule
which excludes debate on a motion to lie on the
table means; it means exactly what the rule means'
with regard to a motion to adjourn—that it shall
be decided without debate. Now, I suppose the
former practice is well understood. If that rule
which has governed us heretofore has no meaning
it is not my fault. I borrowed the words from
the rules of the Senate, our parliamentary law; and
it is very obvious tjjat nothing I could say with re-
gard to the meaning of it would in the slightest
degree modify that meaning, or operate on the
rule if it were adopted.
Now, my friend says there ought to be an op-
portunity allowed forsome reasonable explanation,
and that the reasons may be given why a particu-
lar subject should be taken up, which has been or-
dered to lie on the table by the Senate. That is
true; and there ought equally to be some opportu-
nity for reasonnble explanations, and for the rea-
sons why a subject should be ordered to lie on the
table. There is as much reason for the one as for
the other. There ought to be a reasonable oppor-
tunity for giving reasons why the Senate should
adjourn, and yet the rule of the Senate excludes
debate on each of these questions. And why,
Mr. President? Not because a reasonable expla-
nation of every subject, and a reasonable assign-
ment of the grounds for every proposition is not
in itself and by itself proper and becoming, but it
la & rule dictated to us by the necessities of the
case. There are some subjects that we must de- j| ready. I have seen discussion which was totally
cide without debate, in order to have an opportunity
for discussing other subjects by debate. This ne-
cessity has dictated, the exclusion of debate upon
a motion to adjourn, and upon a motion to lie on
the table; and this rule proposes to extend that
exclusion to motions to take up subjects from the
table, and to questions respecting priority of busi-
ness. That is the object of it.
My friend says that, according to parliamentary
law, you cannot discuss the merits of a question
before it is taken up. That is very true; but
out of order; I have known the merits of a bill
debated on the question of taking it up, which is
as much out of order under the present rule as it
will be if this rule is adopted.
Mr. CLAY. I am inclined to think the opera-
tion of this rule will be salutary; a'nd that it will
economize the time of the Senate and prevent much
useless discussion. The House of Representa-
tives, during the many years when I presided over
it, had a rale which was precisely equivalent in its
operation to the one now proposed. The rule
you can discuss a variety of topics connected with '! there was, to ask, will the House consider a par-
the question whether it shall be taken up, and I jj   A  
appeal to you and to every gentleman who has a lj
seat on this floor if, since he has been here, he has ,
not known it to happen, over and over again, that , j
the Senate is occupied during the whole morning ]
hour deciding the question whether a particular j
subject shall be taken up or not? i;
Now I admit, with my friend, as I have said,
that in the nature of things circumstances exist i;
which require us to restrain and control in par- j!
ticular instances our debate, in order to secure, in i |
the general advantages which result, a greater ,
good, and to allow opportunities for explanation in , j
other cases. Every member of the Senate knows .
that you cannot allow such discussion on every i] in order to show the importance of the subject
proposition to take up a subject, without extended !; which it is moved to take up, and if preliminary
debate and discussion almost indefinitely. ; discussion shall be allowed as to taking up a given
The question, therefore, resolves itself into this: |; subject, you must permit a similar discussion to
whether it is better that the Senate should decide 1! show that it has not the importance alleged, and that
that they will vary the order in which their busi- : i there is no necessity for immediate action on the
ness is to be taken up, or whether they will decide ; part of the Senate. But you will not stop here;
ticular subject which is proposed to be taken up,
and that question was always decided without de-
bate. The consequence was, there was a saving
of time and dispatch of business, and the preven-
tion of much unnecessary discussion. It has been
said, however, that a question may arise, respect-
ing which some parliamentary explanation may
be necessafy. Why, Mr. President, if there be
a question of that kind, I suppose, even if there be
a rule of this kind, that subject will strike the
general mind of the Senate as being important*
without the necessity of any speech to impress its
importance upon the Senate.
But, again: if we allow discussion on one side,
not to vary it without discussion, for the purpose
of accomplishing the greater good of getting on
with some of the business which is before the Sen-
ate to be transacted. This is the whole of it. I
feel no particular interest In this matter. 1 have
looked on for the four sessions that I have been
for if you admit discussion to show the importance
or the necessity of taking up a bill, you must ad-
mit discussion on the other side also; and then
there is a further consumption of time, resulting
from a comparison between different subjects; for
when one gets up and insists that the subject which
IV/V'iVCU UU & w L utv • . > V "ww,« J. O 1 , ,
a member of this body, and have become pretty ; he proposes is very important, and that there is
-  .... a necessjty for immediate action, another will get
up and mention another subject which he consid-
ers more important than that, and then you get
into a comparison as to the merits of given sub-
jects, the consequence of which is a great waste
of time. •
The Senator from Texas says we have some four
hundred subjects beforeus for consideration. Now,
how are we to get at them ? If, when they are
called as they come up on the calendar, the ques-
tion can be taken at once whether they shall be
well satisfied that there' is no subject whatever
j which has received more useless discussion, which
! has caused more wanton waste of the time of the
Senate, than this discussion with regard to the
priority in which the business of the Senate shall
be considered. As I have said, I feel no particu-
lar solicitude, but being satisfied, from .four years'
experience, that this modification of the rules was
necessary, I have thought proper to introduce this
resolution for the consideration of the Senate. If
the Senate thinks proper to continue the present j
practice as to the order in which busffiess shall be !! considered or not, you will soon get through,
taken up, which has resulted in so great a waste |! From the experience which I have had, I think
of the public time, I have as little interest in the j the rule will be beneficial in enabling us to acom-
matter as any one, and I am willing to leave it for , j plish much business during the short period of the
the Senate to'decide. These are the reasons which |
induced me to offer the resolution. j
i Mr. RUSK. I see no good which can result I
1 from the adoption of this change in our rules; but 1
; I do see, I think, much injury which may result !
i from it. In the first place, if you wish to stop
. debate and all speaking, this rule will not do it.
Circumstances will occur, when discussion will .
' spring up by general consent, and if this amend- '
ment is adopted it only reaches one case which is (
. not covered by the present rules.
We have now before us upwards of four hun-
dred and fifty subjects, upon our calendar and
upon the table. All of these subjects cannot pos- j
sibly be considered during this session. There \
: are a dozen or more which are very important;
and the public will suffer if they are not taken up
and disposed of. If I understand the resolution
of the Senator from from North Carolina, when-
ever a motion is made to take up a particular sub-
ject, not one word is to be allowed to show the
necessity for taking it up. That is the rule by ;
which we are to be governed hereafter. Now, I
t conceive that the present rule, properly enforced,
; will cut off debate if it is desired. What is it?
j We cannot go into the discussion of the merits of
a bill on the question of taking it up. Gentlemen
seldom go beyond making a statement of the ne- •
cessity for taking up a particular bill, and a state-
ment of the objects of the bill itself. Sir, I do not
think any benefit will result from the proposed
change of the rules. My own opinion is, that if
the amendment is adopted, under its application,
many subjects will not be taken up when the pub-
lic interest requires that they should.
We have rules now which we do not apply,
I and I think that before we adopt new ones we
! should learn to come nearer to those we have al- ,
session which remains.
Mr. DOWNS. I shall not vote for this reso-
lution as it is. I think it desirable that it should
pass over, if it is not modified. But it occurs to
me that it may be modified so as to meet the views
both of those who have advocated and those who
have spoken against it. I think it will certainly
prevent the consumption of time which now oc-
curs in deciding what question shall be taken up.
Still I think there should be some time allowed for
a brief explanation in some cases. There may be
some objects to be secured in taking up a particu-
lar bill which cannot be shown by the title of the
bill, and which a few words would explain. It
seems to me that if the rule is so amended as to
allow a brief explanation, the whole of the objects
of the bill will be attained. With that view, I of-
fer the following amendment to come in at the end
of the rule:
" Except for a brief explanation of the objects of the
bill."
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that the great dif-
ficulty which labors in everybody's mind, is to
suggest some mode that will save the grent waste
of time in useless debate. As the discussion has
been going on, I have been reflecting upon the
subject, and I think I have hit upon an expedient
that will save a vast deal of time, and obviate the
necessity of this resolution. I will suggest that
every member of the Senate shall watch over other
members as closely as I have been watched, in
order to prevent my presenting abolition petitions,
and I think we shall have a uniform rule, and it
will save a vast deal of time. [Laughter,]
Mr. BELL. I do not want to detain the Sen-
ate, but some remarks which have been made on
this subject may require some little notice. My
friend from North Carolina dwelt unnecessarily
