1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29S
king,considering how very desirous he is generally
of saving the time of the Senate, upon the want of
any necessity for debate. He might have saved
that time. 1 wanted to know whether it was in-
tended to prevent any member of the Senate, who
makes a motion to take up any particular measure
which has been laid on the table by order of the
Senate,.from giving an explanation of his reasons
for such a motion. * As I understand my friend,
that is the effect of the proposition, and no expla-
nation can be given of tne reasons for taking up a
bill, for that is debate. I stated that, according to
parliamentary law, as I understand it, you cannot
now go into debate as to the merits of a subject,
on the question of taking it up, although I know
it is done almost every day. But it is the fault of
the body and of the loose practice in that respect,
and not of the rules. I think still that it is highly
expedient that some privilege should be given to
the mover to make an explanation; perhaps with
the limit contained in the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Louisiana. I think there should
be some modification, so that the mover may be
"allowed to explain the grounds on which he thinks
it important to consider the subject proposed by
him, and why it is entitled to precedence. I said
that it was the practice of every parliamentary
body to allow the mover to make a statement of
the reasons why the subject should have prece-
dence, but without the liberty to go into extended
debate. I think a prohibition of debate would
be allowable; because, with a brief explanation or
statement, every Senator would readily determine
whether it was entitled to precedence.
I will give an instance, showing the importance
of allowing a statement of reasons for taking up a
particular bil|. "We had such an instance a tew
days ago, whfen the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] moved to take up the bill declarative
of the hmmty land law. The necessity of taking
up thatTMll was not because it concerned so many
poor men or so many rich men throughout the
country; but the necessity was from the fact that
the bounty land scrip could not and would not ;
issue till that question was decided. Now the ;
Senator from North Carolina would forbid the j
mover to state that fact. This is not a peculiar i
case; others occur every day. j
With regard to waste of time under the present
rules, we know there is such a waste every day.
By the indulgence of the Senate, members are per- I
nutted to go into discussion on almost every ques-
tion, and we suffer a violation of the rules. For
example, when a member rises with a memorial,
the rule is, he shall state briefly the contents of it.
The object of that rule is, that the Senate shall see
that it is a proper paper to be admitted into the body.
And yet our most experienced parliamentarians,
leading and elderly members of the body, occupy
sometimes a whole morning hour in discussing a
petition or memorial which is presented. This is
done through courtesy. We are often instructed
and delighted by the remarks on such occasions,
and as the matter is instructive, Senators may
have, by courtesy, the privilege of putting forth
their sentiments, if they please, on almost every
question before the country, without waiting to
nave the subject come up regularly. It is a great
injustice in one point of view. Modest, retiring
members of the body, like my friend from Rhode
Island [Mr. Clarke] and myself, suffer from it,
while there are other members who are not pre-
vented by that modesty from coming forward.
Again: when a memoer asks leave to introduce
a bill, he may state briefly the object of the bill.
We frequently allow Senators to consume the
whole morning, and sometimes morning after
morning, in discussing a measure as fully and as
ably as if the bill were before the Senate regularly.
This is a clear violation of parliamentary law;
yet it is done, I will not say how often. This
consumes the time; it is irregular, and it is one of
the impediments in the way of the regular busi-
ness. I wish my friend from North Carolina
would consider that we are in the habit of viola-
ting these rules every day, either upon the pre-
sentation of a memorial, or the introduction of
some bill, or upon a motion to take up some bill
out of its proper order, in regard to which parlia-
mentary law does not allow debate nor any collis- ■
ion of mind, nor affirmation and response. The
idea of debate does not enter into it. A member ,
has no right to do this. But we know that while 1
sttme gentlemen simply state the objects of a bill, j
others go into a discussion of the merits of the
case. Whenever a member of the body desires
to stop a debate of that kind, it can be done, and
I know that the President would stop it if desired
to do so. Our rules, then, are sufficient now to
stop debate, if necessary; and if the Senator de-
sires to go beyond our present rules, so as to stop
all irregularities, he should go much beyond what
his amendment does.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a single re-
mark. If the amendment proposed shall be
adopted, I think its operation can be readily pre-
dicted; and that is, that all questions affecting pub-
lic interests, such as the distribution of the public
lands, or the appropriation of money, under the
operation of this rule, which does not allow of
discussion on taking up a bill, will be the only ;
bills which will be taken up, and other questions
of general interest will be invariably postponed,
unless the person interested in getting them up
shall be permitted to make a statement as to the
necessity of taking them up. As an illustration,
I will state that a bill has been reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, which has been en-
trusted to the honorable Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien,] who has made an important
amendment to it. It is a bill to regulate the fees j
of attorneys, marshals, &c. The bill has been
taken up and laid on the table again, and some j
other bitls, land bills, or bills relating to French |i
spoliations, have come up and crowded it out of j
its place, while I am receiving letters daily re- !
preaching me for not doing my duty. Marshals
are now in some cases receiving fifty dollars where
they are not entitled to ten. If the rule passes, 4
the effect will be what I have stated. I snail op-
pose any abridgment of the right of debate on any
subject.
Mr. BADGER. I erm sorry that I should be
the means of producing this discussion. My sin-
cere object was to prevent the consumption of the
time of the Senate; but I hope I shall be excused
for making a remark or .two, after what has been
said by other members of the Senate. My friend
from Tennessee reproves me a little for having j
consumed too much time when I spoke before. I I
am sorry for it, but the power of condensation I
does not belong to every one. I am a little diffuse, ,
and cannot bring my observations directly to a I j
point. According to the common phrase, when I 1 j
wish to get at anything, I am under the necessity jl
_ of beating about the bush a little. But I will en- I
deavor to relieve my friend from any apprehen- j
sion of my taking as circuitous a route as that
which before disturbed him.
My friend says it is important that a person
who wishes to have a particular bill taken up
should be at liberty to assign reasons why he
wishes it; but he says this does not enter into the
idea of debate at all. -Why does it not? What
does he mean ? Does he mean that debates in the
Senate do not consist of the assignment of reasons
for a particular course of action ? I hope he does
not mean any such thing as that. I thought all
debate was the assignment of reasons, addressed
to the understanding of this body and of the coun- j
try. But he says ne is not in favor of allowing ;
debate, but he is for allowing the gentleman who 1
moves to take up a particular subject to assign his
reasons for it; and if I understand him, there the
matter is to stop, and no member of the Senate , i
can assign any reason to the contrary. Therefore ;
his view is, that this subject is not to be decided
without debate, but is to be decided upon a one- |
sided debate. The mover is to offer reasons why ;
the subject should be taken up, but no one is to !
offer a reason on the other side. Now, to such a
proposition as that I have a decided objection. I
am willing the Senate should decide these questions
without debate, and I am sorry if we should not
decide them sufficiently well without debate; but I
am not walling there should be debate on one side :
and not on the other.
The Senator from Louisiana wishes to allow a j
reasonable time, not exceeding five minutes. To j
whom ? To the gentleman who makes the motion, I
and to him only? If that be ao, then I have the !
same objection to it that I had to the proposition of I
the Senator from Tennessee. But if we are to j
have five minutes explanation from every member ,
of the Senate, I do not conceive that we shall save 1
much time. Besides, I am, for one, opposed to
limiting the time in which members may wish to ' i
express their views. There are certain subjects !
withdrawn from the range of debate on account
of the circumstances in which we are placed, there
being a limited time in which to present the busi-
ness and dispose of measures which the body has
to pass.
Mjr friend from South Carolina [Mr. Bctlkr]
says a particular class of bills only will be brought
before the body, and he instances a bill which has
been reported from the Judiciary Committee; and
my friend from Tennessee instances another bill
introduced by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Underwood;] and they both say that the effect of
this rule will be that these subjects will not be
acted upon. It is admitted that they have not
been acted upon, notwithstanding we have not
had this rule. We have had a full opportunity to
have them acted upon, and yet no action has been
had. It seems, then, that the present rule does
not cause us to get forward with business. How
was it with the bill introduced by the Senator from
Kentucky? He called it up, and he made out a
case of evident necessity for immediate action, and
for an immediate decision of the measure. Did
he succeed? We all know he did not. And there-
fore gentlemen are opposed to this modification of
the rule, because two evils, they say, will grow
out of it. But these very two evils are existing
under the present state of things. We have not
overcome them, and are not likely to overcome
them by having the privilege of stating the grounds
for the necessity of immediate action.
Sir, these reasons are not likely to operate. Dif-
ferent gentlemen in this body are charged with the
care of different bills; members take different views
as to the necessity of immediate and prompt ac-
tion upon public measures; and so long as that is
the case, the assignment of reasons for the neces-
sity of taking up a bill will be made on one side,
and if you allow the assignment on the other side,
you will make no more approach to uniformity
and order than if that privilege of debate did not
exist. Is it not obvious that we shall get along
better with business by taking it regularly from
the calendar, and by not allowing a word of ex-
planation, than by tins constant discussion upon
priority ? Now, the case of the bill presented by
the Senator from Kentucky is conclusive as to the
necessity of explanation. If you allow explana-
tion pro, you must allow explanation contra. One
gentlemen gives reasons for taking up a particular
bill—it is highly important, public necessity wiU
not allow of its being delayed. Another gentle-
man thinks another bill is equally important, and
so we may carry it further than the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] did in his illustration; there
may be as many as ten or fifteen bills in the same
situation in the minds of Senators, and the Senate
may have a protracted discussion upon a dozen
questions, whether particular bills shall or shall
not be taken up. That is the state of the case, and
it seems to me we shall gain nothing by leaving
the rule as it is; but I think that by the change
proposed we shall gain a great deal. I am satis-
fied that at a moderate calculation three or four
weeks' sitting have been consumed on question*
relating to priority of business during the four
years that I have been a member of this body.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
I think the Senate is sensible that there has been
some change in the mode of doing business. If
we would go back to the rules as they have been
heretofore enforced, and go back to the usages
which have generally existed in regard to the order
of business, there would be no cause tor any new
regulation. But it is too obvious, I believe, to be
mistaken, that a practice somewhat new to the
Senate has grown up, of debating the taking up of
business out of its order upon the calendar, and
assigning it a day for action. I believe this course
was pursued to such an extent during the long
session of Congress through which we have just
passed, that we scarcely took up any business on
the calendar in its order. This practice has led to
the inconvenience which the resolution under dis-
cussion is intended to obviate, and which has led
to the debate among gentlemen whether they shall
pursue the course which has heretofore been pur-
sued, or whether they shall give the preference to
thepresent resolution and its amendment. I think
there can be but one sentiment in the Senate upon
this subject; and that is, that the present course of
proceeding is entirely wrong, and is a growing in-
convenience.
The object of the committee which has reported
