396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
this rale is to get back to the old rule, that the
calendar itself should be the general guide. What
is the proportion which they make ? Does it in-
volve any important meaflure ? Does it take away
any important right of debate? If it divested any
important rights; if it were a measure irrepealable
—one which could not be changed any time in
twenty-four hours—there might be some propriety
in giving to it the grave character which this dis-
cussionnasassumed. But what is it? It is simply
placing tome little restraint upon ourselves, and
one which may be removed any day, at any time
when the Senate is weary of it. All I wish the
Senate to do is this: If they think there is an in-
convenience in the course we now pursue, let them
adopt the plan laid down in this resolution and try
the effect of it. If we find that it interferes with
the progress of business—if we find that it tends
to place important measures in jeopardy—the mo-
ment we discover that, we will rescind it, and there
will be b«t one opinion as to it. We simply pro-
pose to try this experiment to see whether we can
escape from the inconvenience in which we find
ourselves involved. If we find the experiment un-
successful, we can return to the former practice.
That is the whole measure; and I hope for these
reasons that it will be adopted; I hope that we
shall be permitted to try this experiment, and see
whether we can get along without debate.
If I were called upon to make an argument upon
Lu
this question, I would adopt the argument of the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] He says
that a great many things are done contrary to rule.
That I know very well. Nobody knows better
than yourself, Mr. President, that more than one
half the votes put here are put by the unanimous
eonsent of the Senate. " If nobody objects," is
often announced here. That is the form in which
. a question is put which requires unanimous con-
sent. Do we go through a day without that ap-
peal being made again and again to the courtesy
of the Senate ? Not one, as our records will show.
Now, is it to be supposed that there will be a
want of courtesy in the Senate after they adopt
this rule, if they should adopt it ? If a gentleman
should wish to make a few words of explanation,
is it to be supposed there would be any want of
courtesy in the Senate ? Is it probable the Senate
would pass snap judgment upon any one?
Mr. SMITH. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interoose, so that I can make a mo-
tion to lay the subject on the table, as it interferes
with the consideration of the special order?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will not in-
terfere with the consideration of the special order.
I do not wish delay. I should be very glad if the
vote would now be taken on this proposition with-
out any further debate. Let us see whether this
will not answer the purpose.
The amendment of Mr. Downs was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
proposed by the select committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted. I think our rules are
good enough as they are, if they are only enforced,
and strictly observed. Those departures from the
rules which have been referred to, are granted by
' the courtesy of the Senate, and I believe they are
promotive of the best interests of the country. As
for myself, I believe I have not often thrown my-
self on the indulgence of the Senate for its cour-
tesy; find when I have done so, I am pleased to
remember it has always been granted, and that I
have Seldom offered a reason to the Senate for de-
parting from the rules that has not been accepted
by it.
I think that we do not require to be controlled
by very stringent rules, such as might be essential
" for the government of a mob. I presume no Sen-
ator in asking to take up a bill would seek to delay
the Senate by making a speech. I think it is not
a violent presumption to suppose that every Sen-
ator will act in good faith, and will not ask for the
taking up of a bill merely because it concerns him-
self, but for special reasons, which special reasons
we must know in order wisely to determine wheth-
er the bill should be taken up out of its order or
not. Adherence to the calendar, with such slight
departures as may be granted for special reasons,
should be the rule. We should know those spe-
cial reasons before we could decide whether we
would depart from the calendar or not. I can very
well perceive that an agent for some claim—And
we anderstand what the class means—might pass
around the body during a morning, and get a suf-
ficient number of votes to take up a case without
explanation, to the exclusion of some matter of
ublic interest which, if it Were explained, would
taken up and considered by the Senate. It is
exactly these cases of general interest which, not
being of special interest to any one, are likely to
be neglected, unless some Senator should deem it
his duty to bring them before the body, and ex-
plain the reason why they should be promptly
considered. I suppose he could be hardly expect-
ed to perform that duty by carfvaasing the body;
' by going privately to every mTnnber and telling
him why such bills should be taken up. I would
' not descend to such a task, and I presume other
Senators feel as I do.
I believe, as I said at first, that our rules, if
strictly observed, are sufficient. This is a body too
dignified to be held in such close restraint as might
be required by one more turbulent; Who would
* think it necessary to provide strict rules to govern
half a dozen well-bred men at a dinner table?
Something like this the Senate has been, and there-
fore the few rules which it has heretofore had have
been found sufficient. I hope, therefore, the pro-
posed amendment will not be made.
The amendment reported by the committee was
rejected on a division.
The next question was on adopting the resolu-
tion to amend the rules as it had been amended.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on
that question, and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Mr.President,isitinordertohave
the question divided so as to have the question first
4> taken on the first part of the proposition ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, as the resolu-
i tion contains two different propositions.
Mr. HALE. Then I ask for a division of the
I question.
i The first question was accordingly on the fol-
! lowing proposition:
Resolved, That the tenth rule of the Senate be amended
by adding thereto the following words:
i " Any motion may be withdrawn by the mover at any
, time before a decision, or amendment, or ordering of the yeas
I and nays, except a motion to reconsider, which shall not be
withdrawn without leave of the Senate."
The question beingtake'n by yeas and nays, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton,
Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Ewing, Foote, Greene, Gwin,
Jones, King, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Norris, Fearce, Se-
bastian, Smith, Underwood, TTpbam, Walker, Whitcomb,
and Winthrop—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Br&dbury, Butler,
Cass, Clarke, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Hale. Ham-
lin, Rhett, Rusk, Seward, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney,
WalCB, and Yulee—18.
So the proposition was agreed to, and the tenth
rule was ordered to be amended accordingly.
The next question was the following:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
"A motion to take up a bill or other subject which shall
i have been ordered to lie on the table, a motion to proceed
to the consideration of any subject, and all questions as to
the priority of business, shall be decided without debate."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,re-
: suited as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Clay, Davis,
of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Downs, Ewing, Foote, Jones, King, Mangum, Morton,
Norris, Smith, Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Win-
throp—22. >
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Benton, Borland, brad-
bury, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson,
' Dodge of Wisconsin, Greene, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Hous-
ton, Miller, Pearee, Rbett, Rusk, Seward, Spruance, Stur-
i geon, Turney,Wales, Whitcomb, and Yulee—27.
So the proposition was not agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
j the bill to provide for the ascertainment and Satis-
: faction of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the 31st of
July, 1801.
Mr. SEWARD addressed the Senate in favor
of the bill, and in reply to the remarks made by
Mr. Hunter yesterday, a report of which will
iear in the Appendix.
"r. GWIN. I wish to give notice that I shall,
at an early hour to-morrow, submit a motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business, as there are some very important
nominations for California which should be acted
on. It is too late in the day now to submit such
a motion, or to do any business, and I therefore
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 22, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read.
COURTS IN FLORIDA.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call the at-
tention of the House to the position of the bill
reported yesterday by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade} from the Committee on the
Judiciary, entitled " An act to amend several act*
establishing district courts of the United States in
the State of Florida, and to provide for writs of
error and appeals from that court." A motion
was made, as the House will recollect, by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to lay that
bill upon the table. The vote was taken on that
motion, and it was announced to the House that
there were 92 votes in the affirmative and 91 in the
negative. The Chair voting in the negative, the
motion to lay on the table failed. Upon an exam-
ination of the votes, a mistake was detected which
renders the result different. It now appears that
the yeas are 93, and the nays 91, the vote of the
Chair does not, therefore, affect the result. The
bill is therefore laid upon the table.
Mr. RUMSEY. I voted with the majority to
lay that bill upon the table. I move to reconsider
the vote.
Mr. MEADE. I understand that there is a
motion made to reconsider the vote by whieh the
bill was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That is the question before
the House.
Mr. MEADE. Can I make a few remaps upon
that question ? ^
The SPEAKER. The question is not debata-
ble.
Mr. JONES. Do I understand the Chair that
there is a motion made to reconsider the vote ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. H1LLIARD inquired if the gentleman
from New York could not give notice of his mo-
tion without pressing k at this moment?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
a privileged motion,and when made anast be acted
on. The Chair will state to the gentleman, that
the motion to reconsider can be made on the day
upon which the question is taken, or upon the
next succeeding day. By the correction of the
Journal, this motion must be made to-day, as the
Journal will show that the motion to lay on the
table was carried yesterday.
Mr. HILLIARD. The gentleman can offer
his motion at any time during the sitting to-day.
Mr. RUMSEY withdrew his motion.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, renewed the motion
to reconsider, and moved to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MEADE. I understand that I am entitled
to the floor, and I have been waiting to address
the House for some time. I simply rise to ex-
plain that I intend  
Mr. JONES called the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was not
debatable.
Mr. MEADE. I know that, but I simply wish
te state (loud cries of " Order! order!")
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the previous ques-
tion.
Ths SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable. The Chair cannot, there-
fore, see what effect the previous question will
have.
Mr. McCLERNAND. My only object is to
save time, and I moved the previous question in
order to bring the House to a vote at once. I now
withdraw the motion.
Mr. HILLIARD. I desire to inquire whether
the gentleman who makes the motion to recon-
sider, voted with the majority ?
Mr. COBB. To be sure, I voted to lay the bill
on the table, and I have.therefore a right to make
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motiOB
