1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
to Jay the mMm* to reooDeider «aw the table,
and being taken, resulted—yeas 93, nays 90—Ml
follows :
TEAa M—I. A «msa, AlnaMtar, Bar.Barty .Baale,
Ctarkr, WHtiaauea >- W. Oabk, Conger, Cor-
«■. Cnwdl, IIhM, DrmM, Wm>, Onqr, PiiiiIw.
tftsft**, Im rwtatM, Fowler, htedlq, 61Mim,
Gott, Orrra, Hall, Hampton, Haral«m, Harlan, I sham G.
Hvi . HiMwrd, How*. Haalrr, tn e, Anilrrw Johnson,
Jom*, Julian. L<a«, LMMMd, J ok Mum, MmW, Me-
Omwi McllaaaM. MtUmwImt, MMrfmtn, M«t
M. McUm, JoluiK. Miller, MUWoa, Mania,
OMi, OrT, Parker, Phelps Piuaaa, Potter,
R*rtl, Hrrnokls RnMttvv Rcv-o, 9ackrtt, Parage, Sawtrlle,
twtart II. SMiim, Thaddeas Mmn, Btetmi,
gim  J«* ThoMiw, Turk, WaMo, Wdw, WbMtta-
k, aad Youu "•
•ey, VViMnrk
NAY
louug—H.
Mmm. AHen, AndmLAitM, Aversa, Soke*,
Inrtw. Bowie, lnqs, Brooke, Bonom, Bart, Iwht,
*m P* t. MnU, C lTtn,l'Sandier, Oil main, Oateocfc,
P—  , Mwih D*ckev, Filialww, Kttot, Aleisader
Etw,\ Um Bvaae, Puck. Gentry, Gilbert, Goodeaow,
Goraaa, ti"uld, Haltoway, 9am)won B'. Ham*, Tlwmu
I. Rufb, Haywoari. Renrv, HilHard, Hnagtaml, HnHadajr,
Hataaaa, Hn—a, Howard. Jofp* w. Jack Jen, >ViUi am
T. Jackma, Ja—< L. Jnkama^KoSart W. Jatwuaa, Qw<|i
U. Kiaj, }uat G. Kiat, Jota A. Kins, La Ueria,
Hone* Minn, Ma«a, niMnLXcKiMrt, Fini  E. Mc-
Lean, Meaehaua, Moitr, Daniel K. Miller, Moor*, Mom,
Martoa, Nekna, (Mnr, fiwlii, Fen, Peian, Si4«r,
KnrkwtU, Bane, taaiiy, Seberwthora, Seddan, Slnp-
aerd, Silroifr, jlpMhiBf, Sail;, Frederick P. Stanton,
Tartar, Jamee Thompson, Tbarauui, 1'aderhiH, Van Drke,
Waldn. WatUas, Wellborn, WfBtworth, White, VVfl-
*-- Woodward. aad Wright—®#.
So the motion to mouMer vm laid mi the
table.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
kWMM.
The SPEAKER stated that the rmhr order of
business vat the eal of committees for reports.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope my colleague will give
<nr for one moment
Mr. B^VLY. Certainly.
DRT-DOCK I* CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BOCOCK. I smtentimi that there ia upon
the Speaker's table a communication from the
Secretary of the Nary in answer to the resolution
offered by the gentleman from New York a few
days ago, transmitting information relative to the
construction of a dry-dock in California. I aak
that, by unanimous consent, it may be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and printed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. McCLERXASD renewtd the call for the
regular order of business.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Tlx SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tee)! for reports; when
Mr. M1LL8OS, from the Committee on Revo-
hxUonary Claims, made advene rwporta in the
following rases; which were severally ordered to
be on the table and be printed:
On the petition of Wra. 8tr*ber aad otfcer heirs
of Peter Straher, late of York county, Pennsyl-
vania, deceased, prsyinr compensation for the
acrvke* ot the mid 8inU in the revohrtieaary
war;
On the petition of Samuel T. Cooper, of An-
dover, Massachusetts, for compensation for ser-
vices lemlaed by his father in saving the United
States fngate Alliance daring the war of the Revo-
lution; and
On the petition of Samuel Jade and other heirs
•f Matthew Jack, deceased, late of W eat more-
land county, Pennsylvania, who was a captain
in the eighth regiment of die Pennsylvania line
during the revolutionary war, praying compenaa-
Uoa for the senium of the aaid Matthew Jack.
On motion by Mr. M1LLSON, the Committee
tt Revo4ulk>nery Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the following cases, and
they were severally tefated to the Committee on
Revohttionary Pensions:
The mernorud of William Randall, the only son
and heir of Richard R. Randall, deceased .praying
to be paid the amovnt of thirty loan office cer-
tificates;
The petition of the heirs of Lieutenant Frederick
Voa Wtaaelfels, praying' for bounty land oader
the resolution of the Continental Congress of the
37th of August, 1776;
The memorial of Roswell Tarbox, asking for
relief in consideration of revolutionary serricea;
The petition of John Mandeville, praying com* '
penaation for property takao into possession by I
the American army during the revolutionary war,
and destroyed by the enemy while in the public
use.
ABTAltcn BY THK STATS OF MAINE.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back with-
out amendment Senate bill enutled " An act au-
thorizing the payment of interest upon the ad-
vances made by the Stale of Maine for the use of
the United Slates Government in the protection of
the northeastern frtfhtier;" which bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the slats of the
Union.
On motion by Mr. S., the Committee on the Ju-
diciary waa discharged from the further couaidar-
ation of the following cases, and they were sev-
erally ordered to lie on the table;
The memorial of ciuzens of Cobb county,
Georgia, praying for an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a court-house for the use of the United
States court; and
The petition of N. N. Barmon and David
Brewton, praying to be released from the obliga-
tion of a certain forfeited bond as bail for one
James G. Button,  
On motion by Mr. SAW TELLE, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claima was discharged
from the further consideration of the following
cases?and they were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions:
The petition of Richard L. Jones, of New Al-
bany, Indiana, praying back pension on account
of services rendered in the war of the Revolution;
The petition of Sarah Teas, the widow of a
revolutionary officer, asking for a pension;
The petition of Derereux D. Bartlett, of Mar-
ble head, for additional allowances for the services
of his late lather, William Bartlett, in the war of
the Revolution; and
The petition of Maria Hills, of Chautauque
county, New York, praying Congreaa to order her
name to be placed on the pension roll, or to give
to her some other aid.
On motion by Mr. S., aaid committee waa die-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Stephen Spaulding, of Gasconade county,
Missouri, praying to be allowed for a certain sum
loaned by him to Colonel 8nelling for the purpose
of raying the contingent expenses of a regiment
at Fort SaeUing, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. S., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report (which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed) on the petition of Peter Dygert,
asking payment for revolutionary services which
was settled for in contiaeiTtal money of no value.
REVOLUTIONARY BOUNTY LAND CERTIFI-
CATES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, to which the subject had
been referred, reported a bill to enable Jacob Ban-
ta to locate two revolutionary bounty land certifi-
cates; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. H. said that the report of this biD was or-
dered at the last session of Congress, ad that it
had beat lying in his drawer ever since. The bill
is merely to enable the petitioner to locate certain
Virginia bounty land scrip which he has had in
his possession for eighteen years. He therefore
asked that the bill might be read through and put
upon its passage.
Mr. HALL. I believe, air, that this bill refers
to certain land certificates. I think that instead
of adopting such a course of action as is proposed
in relation to one or two of those warrants, that
our action ought to be general. It seems to me
to be a very bad policy to single out one or two
individual cases oat of a whole class, and legis-
late for their benefit, and at the same time exclude
a large number of individual cases that are equally
meritorious. For the purpose, therefore, of inclu-
ding all individuals who occupy precisely the
■ante position with those persons mentioned in
that bill, I shall offer the following amendment.
The Clbm read'the amendment, (a copy of
which could not be procured,) which provided that
the right to locate bounty land scrip should be
general—that it should cover all eases of the char-
acter provided for in this bill.
Mr. STRONG. I rise to a point of order. I
safaoit that tiiis am end meat is not ia order as an
amendment to the private kiil which is now before
the House for ita consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendment ia not in brder. It is not in order
to oti'er to a bill for the relief uf an individual an
amendment providing for a general law.
Mr. McCLKHN AND. I ask if it is not com*
petent, under the rules, ta> substitute a general law
Embracing this case?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HALL. Will it be in order to move to
recommit this bill, with instructions to report a
general bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order te offer in*
structions to the commutes to do that which the
House itself caanot do.
Mr. HALL. I move to recommit the bill, and
my object in making that motion is, that the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims may report a biH
for all individuals who are ciroumstanced as this
individual is. That is my objeot.
Mr. McCLEKNAND, (Mr. Hall yielding the
floor.) I hope the gentleman will also instruct
the Committee on Private Land Claima to take
into consideration the ease of soldiers who served
in the war with Great Britain of 1812, who have
received military warrants, but who have been un-
able to locate them, in consequence of the expira-
tion of the time allowed by law for their location.
The justice and consistency of such a course of
procedure is manifest.
Mr. HARRIS, (Mr. Hall yielding the floor.)
I wish to say one word in relation to this bill.
There can be no proposition introduced here for
sthe benefit of an individual, but what everything
ia piled upon it—public lands, and revolutionary
and military claims—everything that is imaginable.
This is simply a bill to anablean individual who has
had poseession of these warrants for eighteen years,
to locate them, and the reason why he asks it is
this: There was a defect in the original assignment
of theee warrants. The law providing for. them
to be assigned, required certain witnesses to be
present at the alignment; but at the time the
assignment was made in this case, the witnesses
were not present. The assignee of these war-
rants, after having them in poesesaion and endea-
voring to locate them, aacertaiaed this defect.
Upon going back to Kentucky, where the warrants
were assigned, the individuals who had assigned
: diem were dead, and their heirs were scattered to
| all parts of the country. And after years spent in
endeavoring to obtain an aasienment by those
heirs in the legal manner, he finds himself utterly
unable to do it. He now ^presentingample proof
here that the original assignment was in good
faith—proof that has fully satisfied the Committee
on Private Land Claims that the assignment was a
tons ride one for sufficient considerations) asks to be
enabled to locate these warrants, and solely on that
ground. He does not aak an additional donation
for this specified purpose, but only to enable him
to obtain the benefit of these warrants, of which
he became possessed in good faith, and which he
cannot obtain except by some provision to enable
him to locate them as they now stand. He would
have been enabled to locate them years sgo but far
the defect in the assignment. He aaka now, that
Congress will permit him to locate them by waiv-
ing the defect in the assignment, whicb was re-
quired under the original law for their issue.
Mr. HALL. I understand, sir, that the claim-
ant in this case applies for relief, having been in
possession of certain scrip issued in lieu of Vir-
ginia land warrants. There have been from time
to time, appropriated for the satisfaction of scrip
holders ofthoseunlacated warrants. About twelve
hundred thousand acres of land have, I believe,
now been exhausted—utterly exhausted, by indi-
viduals who have already located by aerip.
Mr. ALBERTSON here made a remark, which
waa inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. HALL. I meant that the lands anpropri-
' ated outside of the reservation in Ohio nave all
• been exhausted. We have appropriated from time
to time twelve hundred thousand acres, in addition
i to the lands reserved in the State of Ohio. The
i -whole of that land has been located by those war-
j rants, excepting about forty-nine or fifty thousand
acres, which are embraced in the disputed terri-
! ritory between what is called Roberts's line and
Ludlow's line. That is, I think, all the land sub-
' jeet to location in Ohio, that is of any value, that
1 the Government of the United States has already
