1851.
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8f 
Mr. MORSE. Many of them have held it for
upwards of twenty-five years.
Mr. VINTON. I would suggest, then, if these i
people are really in possession of the land, that i
no other persons can come and locate upon it.
Mr. MORSE. They can only claim under-the j
preemption law about one hundred and sixty |!
acres of land, but many of these persons have | j
Earchased one thousand or twelve hundred. They jj
ave raised the value of these lands to at least (50
per acre, in addition to having bestowed upon it 1
their labor and capital. Government certainly
would not endeavor to speculate upon its own citi-
Eens, when it has repeatedly refused to put these
'lands in the market. But for the circumstance of
these persons having paid another owner for the
land, no claim, no application would have been
made here. If this land fall into the hands of
speculators, it would be the ruin of a large por-
tion of the upper part of the State of Louisiana.
They do not ask the Government to give them
this land, but to allow them to purchase it.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
CONFIRMATION OF A LAND SALE.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on !
Private Land Claims, reported back, without ;
amendment, Senate bill No. 62, entitled "An act ij
to confirm the sale of school lands made to J. B. j'
Gregpire and P. Gregoire, in Louisiana." :
OPINIONS OF THE ATTORNEYS GENERAL.
Mr. BRECK,by unanimous consent, from the 1
Committee on Indian Affairs, to which was re- :
ferred the message from the President of the Uni-
ted States in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives, requesting him to have pre- '
pared and communicated to them certain opinions
of the Attorneys General, made a report, accom- |
panied by a joint resolution providing for the pub- 1
lication of certain opinions of the Attorneys Gen- ;'
oral; which was read a first and second time by 1
its title.
[The joint resolution provides for the compila- i
tion and publication, under the direction of Mr. 1
B. F. Hall,oftwothousandcopiesoftheseopinions,
in four octavo volumes, to be bound in calf, at an
expense of $8,000.]
-Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, made a
few remarks, which the Reporter was unable to
hear. He was understood to say that he was en-
tirely opposed to the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that he was in
favor of an amendment which his friend from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] was about to offer, and
which he hoped would meet with the concurrence
of the House.
Mr. McLANE moved to strike out the report
and resolution of the Committee on the Judiciary,
and to substitute a resolution authorizing the com-
pilation of those opinions and their transmission
to the House, and providing also for the payment
out of the contingent fund of the House a com-
pensation of $3 per day to the clerk employed or
to be employed in preparing such compilation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] that it
is not in order to offer a simple resolution, as an
amendment to a joint resolution. The amendment
offered by the gentleman from Maryland contem-
plates the action of the House only to the extent
of paying a certain amount out of the contingent
fund of the House.
Mr. McLANE. The amendment was originally
drawn as a joint resolution, but I suppose that as
the substitute for the report a simple resolution of
this kind could be entertained.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is on agreeing to the joint resolution.
Mr. McLANE. Then, sir, I offer my amend-
ment as a joint resolution, authorizing the payment
of that sum of money out of the Treasury of the
United States. But before I make the motion I
wish to make an explanation. In July last the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary re-
ported a resolution to this House calling for these j |
opinions. It was a precise copy of the resolu-
tions which had passed this House in 1840 which
called for- the opinions of the Attorneys General
up to that year. It was simply a call for informa-
tion responded to by one of the Departments of
Government, which transmitted the copies by a
clerk who received the usual rate of compensation
paid for copying documents in any Department.
The rate of compensation for such coppying was
fixed by law to be $4 per day as the maximum,
or ten cents the hundred words.
Now I do not understand that it is competent
for this House to provide for the expense of copy-
ing those opinions out of the contingent fund. I
offer this resolution to meet this case, as I think,
in order. The original resolution simply calls for
copies of these opinions, with an index; and when
these copies are furnished, then the question of
printing and the expense will come up for the
House to determine- It may be that when the copy
of these opinions is transmitted to this House,
it will form a document of such a size and character
that this body might deem it expedient not to au-
thorize its publication.
My opposition to the report of the majority is,
that it proposes the publication of this book now;
it estimates what the size of the book will be,
when it is not yet prepared; when the opinions are
not yet copied 
A Member. Yes they are.
Mr. McLANE. Well, a very small number,
a very insignificant portion of tnem. The com-
mittee estimates how many volumes of these opin-
ions there will be, and proposes that they shall be
published as a whole book, and that this House
shall subscribe for so many copies. We want the
opinions of the Attorneys General in the archives
of the Government as a public document, so that
when any members of Congress in their ordinary
duty, may not have to search the manuscripts of
the Attorneys General, to investigate his opinions
in getting the information he desires. I would
have them furnished to this House, as a part of
its archives. I would have the usual number fur-
nished to members. But it was never contem-
plated by order of Congress that they should be
published to be circulated over the country.
Whether their publication costs $860 or #80,600,1
see no necessity for giving the country those pub-
lished opinions since 1840, with the opinions prior
to that date; the latter we have got a  public doc-
uments, but we have not got them as a book, pub-
lished to the country. It is not for sale, as a book
subscribed for by Congress. For one, I desire to
have the opinions since 1840 preserved precisely
as those are prior to 1840, in the archives of Gov-
ernment, as public documents, printed by order of
Congress at an insignificant expense. These
opinions could be copied in six months, and at an
almost nominal cost, of (800 or (900. It might still
be left to the discretion of this House, when the
opinions were received, to order extra numbers.
It might be made to cost j|8,600, but I do not think
that it would cost anything like that amount.
I have said all that I desire to say as to what I
deem expedient, and all that I wish to say as to
my own object originally in bringing the subject
to the attention of the House. I simply want the
opinions between 1840 and 1850, as we had them
prior to 1840. I wish to have them here as public
documents, in the archives of this House, and not
confined to the office of the Attorney General.
Now, a word as to the mode of publication sug-
gested by the committee. Does not the House
see that, in the first place, it is radically defective,
in being the publication of a new work—the pub-
lication of a work for general sale and general
distribution, at the expense of Congress and un-
der the-patrormge of Congress? This work is to
be compiled and published by Congress, and
Congress is to buy its own number of copies at
$8,600, and then the speculation is to be thrown
open to the whole country. It is defective again,
because it will lead to endless multiplication of
expenses for extra numbers. It will necessarily
involve the publication of these opinions prior to
1840, and it places this House in the attitude, not
of being a subscriber to a publication deemed use-
ful and necessary, but of being the publisher and
compiler of the work. True, we shall not get the
profit of it, but we appoint an agent, and after we
have paid him for his work, we leave him the
market of the country open to his own profits.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules+>e suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the spe-
cial order.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired if it would be in order
to move to take up the other special order, the
branch mi*t billl ir case the ir< tier cf the gentle-
man from Virginia was not agreed to ?
The SPEAKER replied that the deficiencies bill
being a prior special order to the one referred to
by the gentleman from New York, must be dis-
posed of before that special order could be reached.
Mr. HARALSON wished to make an inquiry.
It was ordered yesterday that the House proceed
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er'r table. That business, he apprehended, was
not yet disposed of. He wished to inquire of the
Chair if it was in order to rescind that order of the
House?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House yes-
terday was to proceed at that time to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table, but
it would have been fn order to have submitted this
motion at any time whilst disposing of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HARALSON. I have only to say, then,
that I hope we shall proceed with the business on
the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken on agreeing to Mr.
Bayly's motion, and it was decided m the affirma-
tive.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of theUnion, (Mr. Meade
in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, tlie committee took
up the deficiencies bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. Mr. Chairman, I have not
taken the floor for the purpose of making an hour's
speech, or what is called a set speech. I have read
over this deficiencies bill for the purpose of seeing
whether there was any clause in it providing
means for carrying into execution the bounty land
law of last session.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee, asked ifitwouM
be in order to have the bill read now?
Mr. ROBINSON moved that the reading of the
bill be dispensed with, as every gentleman had the
bill on his desk.
The question was then taken on the motion to
dispense with the reading of the bill, and decided
in the negative.
Mr. JONES. That is a question which cannot
be decided by a majority of the committee. The
question to suspend the reading of a bill can only
be entertained by the unanimous consent of the
committee. Any gentleman on this floor has the
right to call fortne reading.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is correct. The Clerk will
proceed to read the bill.
The bill was then read.
EXECUTION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. ROBINSON. _ The necessary estimates for
providing means to enable the Third Auditor's
Office and the Pension Office to carry into effect
the provisions of the bounty land law, were sent
by the proper departments to the committee, of
which I had the honor to be chairman. That com-
mittee, however, thought it more properly came
within the province of the Committee of Ways
and Means to provide the money for carrying into
effect the bounty land law. rather than that of the
select committee. I therefore turned over the es-
timates to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means. He informs me that he made an in-
effectual effort in his committee to get a section in-
serted making the provision asked for.
Mr. Chairman, it is surprising that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or that any one, since
that law has passed, should object to providing
ways and means to carry it into execution. I must
say, however, that the proceedings of the House
disclose some rather singular facts. You will ob-
serve that whenever we can get the yeas and nays
upon any question affecting this bounty land law,
scarcely more than twenty or thirty, out of two
hundred and thirty Representatives on this floor,
have the boldness to record their names against
the measure; and yet when we pass between tell-
ers we are invariably defeated. I call upon the
friends of this bounty land law, therefore, to stand
up with me, and provide the ways and means for
carrying it into effect. And let me say here,
that I consider no man a friend of that law who
votes against providing the necessary means to
carry it into execution. Actions speak louder
than words. Every member of this House knew
when this law was passed at the last session, that
it would require a large increased forcfc in the sev-
eral bureaus to carry it into execution; and now, if
we refuse to provide that force, we cannot in can-
