802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
They have again provided further than this.
They propose, that when the clerk of a court of
record shall certify, from his own personal knowl-
edge, as to the fact of the lady's being the widow
of the man that she represents herself to be, that
shall be sufficient evidence.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who
had the honor to be the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means at the last Congress, and
other gentlemen, deem this a* extraordinary pro-
vision, that gentlemen should be permitted to tes-
tify from their own personal knowledge, without
reference to the records. They go upon the legal
principle, that such officers have no right to cer-
tify, unless by virtue of official records in their
possession.
Well, that is the general rule; it is one which
ought to be adopted in courts of justice, but we
propose to make it a little more liberal in this case.
County- clerks—I mean the principal clerks of
courts of record—are generally men of high char-
acter and good standing; they are generally well
acquainted throughout the whole country; they
certify as to the official character of the justices
before whom most of the applications or declara-
tions for bounty land are sworn to by the appli-
cants. The committee thought, that m many in-
% stances it would be very convenient and save poor
widows from much trouble and some expense, to
allow the clerk, when he certified as to the justice,
that he knew the additional fact that the widow
claiming was what she represented, the widow of
the deceased soldier.
This idea strikes gentlemen with perfect horror;
Aey have no confidence in such clerks, and are
much alarmed at the frauds that may be perpe-
trated under it. Now, Mr. Chairman, you or I
can go to any of these departments, and if a ques-
tion arises as to whether a person in our district
is a justice or not, our certificate will be taken
without cavil, yet we have no such power conferred
upon us by an existing law, and lam not prepared
to assume that members of Congress are more
honest than clerks of courts. Perhaps some old
lady may perchance get forty acres of land she is
not entitled to, but I am willing to run this risk.
I think it not extravagant when we are seriously
proposing to give these very lands away to actual
settlers, a proposition for which I also intend to
vote when it comes up.
As to the matter of expenses, I object, Mr. Chair-
man, to gentlemen showing their propensities for
economy by attacking the bill providing the means
to execute this law to give bounty lands to old sol-
diers and their widows. I think the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] was exceeding-
ly unfortunate in the point he selected for making
an attack upon this Administration, for he can
find more vulnerable points, in my judgment.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] to understand that
in the remarks I may offer ov have offered already,
that I make no attack upon the Administration.
The gentleman and myself belong to different
schools in politics, and pursue a totally different
course in our political action. I wish the gentle-
• man to understand, that whenever in my place
here I speakof the head of a bureau, that I am not
attacking the Administration, or that every time
I am speaking of improper expenditure, I am at-
tacking the Administration. The gentleman's
construction of my remarks arises probably from
the school of politics to which he belongs.
Mr. ROBINSON. I did not desire to place the
fentleman in a false position and to unwhig him
y any means. I discover it is rather a delicate
position—that of being placed in opposition to the
Administration. I would not by any means
place him in that category; but I will say, that I
was surprised when I heard him make his remarks
the other day.
Mr. GORMAN. Will the gentleman from ;
Kentucky answer me, if he did not intend to at-
tack the Administration, what he means by the :
words which he used, " the effort on the part of the j
Executive Government to grasp additional power." j
Mr. MARSHALL. Do I understand that I I
am to be catechised here? I
Mr. GORMAN. I do not desire to catechise ij
the gentleman from Kentucky. ;
Mr. MARSHALL. I stand ready, Mr. Chair- ! j
man, to answer the gentleman's questions. Inthe ■
first place, before "the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. ; j
ORMANJ puts a question to me as to the language jj
used by me, he ought to be very careful that he
quotes correctly.
There is no such language used by me in the
speech to which the gentleman refers. There is
no charge made by me in the speech I delivered
upon this floor a day or two since upon the sub-
ject of the bounty land, like that which the gentle-
man imputes to me. If the gentleman will refer
to my remarks, he will find that the declaration
made by me was, " that I will not vote for these
sixty-one clerks asked for, for the mere purpose of
, swelling the executive or departmental patronage."
I mean by it to say, that the mere fact that this
measure gives to my own friends in power addi-
tional patronage, is no object with me; and to my
apprehension is no reason why this large increase
of force should be voted for by Whigs. Is the
gentleman answered ?
Mr. ROBINSON. The gentleman frbm Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] made the extraordinary
remark or prediction, that if you should vote for
employing this additional number of clerks, whjijh
his own friends say are necessary to carry into
execution this law, that we would, perhaps, die
or live to an old age before this law would be ex-
ecuted. It struck me as very extraordinary, that
the gentleman had no more confidence in his own
! friends than to suppose that they would employ
needlessly these sixty-one additional clerks, and
thus shamefully abuse their power. I did not
; suppose that the more clerks we give to these bu-
j reaus, the longer it will take to execute this law.
If I had friends in power, I would not like to
make such charges or assertions in reference to"
them as the gentleman from Kentucky has made
in regard to his political friends. Though I have
no political affinities with this Administration, yet
I am willing to give them the assistance they need
in carrying into execution this law.
I will remark here, that if gentlemen wished to
appear before the country as in favor of curtailing
the extraordinary expenditures of this Adminis-
tration, they will find in the Various appropriation
j bills, and the propositions that will ere long come
up before this House, occasions enough for dis-
playing their economy, without doing it to the
j prejudice of the old soldiers of the country.
I What, will y*u wait until your French indemnity
bill comes from the Senate—wait until the subject
of internal improvements comes before the country
—wait here until your question in reference to a
tariff comes up, for the purpose of taxing tie poor,
and benefiting particular manufactures at the North ?
All these questions will afford you ample margin
to manifest and display your. Jove for economy.
I would like to see gentlemen evince their econo-
my in a more beneficial manner to the country,
than this onslought upon this bill, intended only
to carry out a law for the passage of which gen-
tlemen claim great credit. I will go with them at
the proper time and on proper occasions in this
matter of economy. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] will move to abolish this
i unnecessary and overshadowing Department of
; the Interior, I will vote for it. So far as my ex-
; perience goes, I am convinced that, so far from
I promoting the interests of the Government, it is
a great evil, unnecessarily swelling the patron-
age, and increasing the expenses of the Govern-
ment.
Before the Department was created, when the ,
pension bureau was under the administration of
the former Secretery of War, it was administered I
with much more vigor and efficiency than it is 1
now administered under the new Department of
the Interior.
Very much, Mr. Chairman, of the difficulty
which lies in our path, providing the ways and
means for the execution of this law, arises from
the fact, that this Department has been created not
so much from the fact that the Department cannot
have the means to carry the law into effect, nor do
I charge that the Secretary of the Interior is not
in faver of the execution of the law—but from the
fact that his Department is a general vortex, that
seems to draw within its circle almost everything,
and many of them incongruous, and having no re-
lation or connection with each other.
In such an overshadowing concern, that officer
can give but very little attention to the adminis-
tration of this bounty land law; and hence arises !
the necessity of leaving it to the head of the Pen- !
sion Bureau. 1 have found, from actual observa- '
tion in examining into this question, that in a,
Jan. 22,
|arge number of cases the Secretary will, in fact,
issue a general order to the bureau as to the man-
■ ner in which it shall be managed. These orders,
without being duly examined, come in conflict
with some necessary duty, and were they to be
adhered to, would be inconsistent with the dis-
patch of business. And in such a case, the bureau
of the Pension Office have to wait until they can
; general order repealed. For insta-nce: in
■ reference to these regulations, the Secretary of
; the Interior causes a set of forms and instructions
to be published, and subsequently a circular issued
from the Pension Office, inconsistent with it.
Now the present Commissioner of Pensions
states, in his letter attacking me, that these forms
and regulations of the Secretary of the Interior
were " ample." If the first instructions and forms
, were " ample," why the necessity of issuing ad-
I ditional ones? This word "ample" is a compre-
' hensive one. I have here in my drawer the
 < —    — w   w UlUWCl llic
j subsequent circular, and it is in one respect in-
I consistent with the former "amnlp"
of the Secretary.
The first required of a surviving soldier only to
make out his«declaration and swear to it; the last,
J as to all the cases prior to the war of 1812, re-
quires the declaration to be proved by "credible
j witnesses."
j I have brought on a number of such applications
! myself. The applicants thought they had fulfilled
jj the instructions of the Secretary; but when I got
; here another set of instructions had gone out, and
this class of cases must be sent back for additional
;j evidence. This statement of the Commissioner,
that these first forms and instructions were " am-
pie," shows that he did not understand what he
was writing about.
' The Secretary of the Interior says another thing.
- I will mention it for the benefit of the country,
i and I will give it for the information of a great
many widows who need that kind of information,
■i In the first instructions it is stated that it is " in-
dispensable" in all cases for the widow to state the
regiment in which her husband had served. So
,i far from this being " indispensable," it is not at all
! necessary. All that is wanting is the name of the
captain. Now, Mr. Chairman, in a majority of
instances, companies were detached from their
regiments. The soldiers cannot tell who the
colonel of the regiment was. They could in almost
every instance tell who the captain was under
whom they served, but could not tell the names
of the colonels of the regiment.
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. HAMPTON next obtained the floor, and
spoke an hour, mainly on the subject of the tariff,
and in favor of protection. His speech will be
found in the Appendix.
Mr. H. having concluded—
Mr. HAYMOND moved that the committee
rise; which motion was agreed to.
The committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
(Mr. Burt) reported that the committee had had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and the special order, the deficiencies bill, in
particular, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
JVlr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, asked to be
discharged from further attendance on the Com-
mittee of Revolutionary Claims, as his co%ague,
[Mr. McLean,] who was present, had expressed
his willingness to take his place. No objection
being made, consent was given.
Mr. BAYLY moved the usual resolution to
close debate on the deficiencies bill at three p. m.
to-morrow; which resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote clos-
ing debate, and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the unanimous
consent to lay before the House some joint resolu-
tions from the Legislature of Illinois, and to have
them printed.
Mr. JONES called for the reading of the reso-
lutions.
The Clerk then read the resolutions.
[The joint resolutions urge the passage of a
law by Congress, granting, free of charge, to every
landless head of a family in the United States,
who will settle and cultivate the same for one
year, one hundred and sixty acres of land from
the public domain. Also urge the construction
of a certain railroad.]
Mr. JONES said that it appeared that these
