1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30$
resolutions were from the House of Representa-
tives, but had not been concurred in by the Sen-
ate.
Mr. WENTWORTH stated that they had
been forwarded to him by the Governor of the
State.
Mr. JONES. I object to the railroad resolu-
tion.
No objection being offered to the other resolu-
tion, it was referred to the Committee on Afrrvv.l-
ture, and ordered to be printed, as proposed
On motion by Mr. FOWLER, the House then
adjourned.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice that be would to-morrow, or
on some subsequent day, introduce " A bill to adjudicate and
confirm claims to town and suburban lots, in the several
cities and towns in California, and to grant preemption
righs to certain actual settlers upon the public domain in
California."
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. WHITE: The petition ofErastus Corning and
others, citizens of the city of Albany, Nev/ Tork, praying
for the modification of the tariff of 1846.
Also, the petition of W. P. S. Sanger. i
Also, the petition of S. E. Ford and other citizens of
West Troy, Albany count}', New York, praying for tlie pas-
sage of the bill11 giving further remedies to patentees."
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of A. M. Vaughan, as-
sistant postmaster, and William E. Vaughan, and A. S.
Martin, clerks at the Norfork post office, asking an increase I
of salary.
By Mr. CHANDLER: Tbe petition of Lewis Chester,
Whetbun & Co., Weaver & Co., and 778 citizens of Phil-
adelphia, asking for a modification of the tariff of 1846, in
regard tn manufactured hemp.
Also, the memorial of numerous merchants of Philadel-
phia, for the repair of piers at Chester, Marcus Hook, and j
New Castle, on the Delaware river. 1
By Mr. MILLE&, of Iowa: The joint resolution of the
Legislative Assembly of the State of Iowa, instructing their .
Senators and requesting the Representatives of that State
in Congress, to use their inflnence to induce Congress to >
appropriate land or money for the improvement of the '
channel of tbe I>es Moines and Rock river rapids of the Mis- |
sissippi river. '
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of 1
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for a modification of die 1
tariff laws. 1
By Mr. MOORE: The memorial of tbe Washington Gas-
light Company, asking for an increase of the capital stock
of the company.
Also, the memorial of Samuel S. Reed and other citizens
of Philadelphia, asking an amendment ef the patent laws, I
to prevent the introduction of articles manufactured in
Canada and the British provinces from machines patented
in the United State3.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 100 citizens of De
Ruyter, Madison county, New York, in favor of stipulated
arbitration for the settlement of disputes between nations.
IN SENATE.
Wedkesday, January 22, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid befor^" the
body a communication from the Secretary contain-
ing a statement of the payments made from the
contingent fund of the Senate, as approved and
passed by the committe to audit and control the
contingent expenses of the Senate, for the year
ending 1st December, 1850; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Mr CLAY. I have been requested to present
a petition signed by James Stoddard. He prays
for compensation for his services and the use of a
wagon and horses pressed in the service of the
United States during the last war with Great
Britain. He represents that he rendered a great
deal of service in that war, of which I have no
doubt I know him personally; I know him to
be a person of great merit, and I hope his appli-
cation has as much merit as he has personally.
He asks for an allowance of bounty land or for a
pension, and I trust his application has as much
merit as will entitle it to consideration. I move
its reference to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr CLAY also presented a petition from cer-
tain temporary clerks in the Second Auditor's of-
fice asking an increase of compensation. They
'state that by.reference to the reports of the head
of the bureau it will be seen that they have faith-
fully discharged the duties assigned them. They
say that the amount allowed to clerks in the Gen-
eral Land Office and other bureaus is jJ4 per day,
while the pay allowed them is only $3 per day,
and they ask to have the difference made up to
them from the time they have been employed;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JONES presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Iowa instructing their Senators and re-
questing their Representatives to use their influ-
ence to procure an appropriation, in money or
lands, sufficient for the improvement of the chan-
i nel of the Des Moines and Rock river rapids, in
the Mississippi river; which was referred to the
S Committee on Commerce and ordered to be printed,
j Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
■ zens of Genesee, in the Slate of New York,
asking that the public lands may be free to actual
settlers in limited quantities; which was ordered to
| be laid on the table.
i Also, from citizens of Madison county, New
York, asking the adoption of some measures to
settle international difficulties without a resort to
war; which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Also, a petition from a religious conference of
Friends and others, held at Marlborough, Chester
county, Pennsylvania, asking the repeal of the
fugitive slave bill passed the last session of Con-
gress.
Also, a petition from citizens of Wilson, Niagara
county, New York, asking the immediate and un-
conditional repeal of the fugitive slave bill.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, it was or-
, dered that they fie on the table.
! Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of Wil-
i liam R. Shoemaker, military storekeeper at Santa
Fe, New Mexico, setting forth the utter inad-
equacy of the pay allowed to reimburse his neces-
sary and unavoidable expenses, asking an in-
crease of his pay, and compensation for extra
services while performing the duty of commissary;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
| Affairs.
| Mr. RUSK presented a petition from citizens
of EI Paso county, in the State of Texas, asking
the establishment of a mail route from Austin to j
San Elizario in that State; which was referred to i
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON (presented the memorial of
Jesse McKinley, asking that his treatise on pho-
totype may be printed in common type, with
the Declaration of Independence annexed in the
j phonotypic alphabet; which was referred to the
| Committee on Printing.
Also, from inventors and others interested in'
j patents in the State of New York, asking that the
bill to amend the patent laws now before the Sen-
I ate may be immediately passed; which was or-
II dered to lie on the table.
| Mr. WINTHROP presented the memorial of
! underwriters, merchants, ship owners, ship mas-
ters and others, interested in commerce in the city
. of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts, asking
, that a harbor of refuge may be constructed for
1 vessels in distress between Scituate and Marsh-
' field, in Massachusetts Bay; which was referred
| to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of the
heirs of James Bell, asking the reimbursement of
money advanced and supplies furnished to Gov-
ernment during the revolutionary war. The me-
morial prays that a proviso to a former act which
was passed, authorizing a settlement of the ae-
I counts of James Bell, may be repealed, which
1 proviso limits the amount to be paid to 15,000,
when on the settlement of accounts $£7,000 was
found to be due to him. The memorial asks for
| the repeal of the proviso, that the balance may be
paid to his heirs.
The memorial was referred to the Committee of
Claims
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval i
Affairs, to which was referred " A joint resolution '
to provide for placing medical officers of the navy
who rendered service on land upon the sam.e foot- ■
ing with medical officers of the army for similar j
services;" reported back the same without amend- !
ment and recommended its passage. i
The PRESIDENT. It requires the unanimous 1
consent of the Senate. - If there is no objection
the resolution will have its second reading now.
Mr. YULEE. I will explain the nature of -the .
resolution. During the war with Mexico a battal-
ion of marines, under the command of Colonel
Watson, was ordered to join the main body of the
army on its march to Mexico. j
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will suspend ;
his remarks until the Senate has determined ,
whether it will take action upon the resolution at
this time.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. YULEE. With -the marines of whom I
have spoken there were four surgeons of the navy,
who were directed to accompany the battalion.
Mr. Edwards, one of those surgeons, was ap -
pointed principal medical director of the division
under General Quitman. They performed ser-
vice as the army surgeons performed service du-
ring the campaign; and they were made the same
allowances which were mgide to army surgeons,
but the payment of those allowances has been dis-
allowed in consequence of there being no law
authorizing them. The object of this joint reso-
lution is to place them on the same footing with
respect to allowances with army officers serving
with them in the same service. The committee
think it right that the allowance should be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and was
ordered to be engrossed for a third raiding.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to change the title of cer-
tain offices in the navy; which was read and or-
dered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of John O. Means, asking to
be allowed compensation for his services as acting
purser in the Navy, reported a joint resolution for
his relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill grunting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Louisiana and Mississippi, in aid of the
construction of a railroad from Madisonville, in
the State of Louisiana, to Jackson, in the State
of Mississippi, reported back the same without
amendment.
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which the subject was referred', re-
ported a bill to reorganize the Department of State;
which was read ana passed to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the communication
of the Executive Committee of the Industrial Ex-
hibition, to be held in London the 1st of June,
1851, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same.
In explanation of the reasons which prompted
the committee to come to that conclusion, he said
! he was instructed to say that some of the Execu-
' tive authorities of the States have provided agents
for the purposes contemplated. In other cases
the persons interested in forwarding articles have
! performed like services, and - it is not a matter, in
i the opinion of the committee, in which Congress
j should interest itself.
j The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
| SUSPENSION OF AUCTTON SALES OF PUBLIC
j LANDS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
! tion; which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That tbe Committee on Public Lands beio-
! structed to inquire into the expediency of suspending for •
j limited time the public or auction sales of the public lands,
. and authorizing during the same time the private sale by
| entry of all new lands surveyed and prepared for market.
> and proclaimed for entry by the President, at one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre in money, in parcels not exceed-
ing one hundred and sixty acres, and to actoal settler*
1 alone.
i
RESOLUTIONS CONSIDERED.
| The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
, of the resolutions on the table.
LAWS AND DECISIONS RESPECTING PUBLIC
LANDS.
The following resolution, reported from the
i Committee on Public Lands, ana amended, came
up f-r consideration:
; Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior cause to ba
] prepared a collection of the general public acts of Congress,
and a collection or digest of the official instructions which
have been issued from time to time by the Secretary of the
; Treasury, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Commis-
, sioner of the General Land Office, relative to the public
lands, excepting such as refer exclusively, both in principle
and application, to particular and individnal cases, together
with a collection or digest of the official opinions of the At-
torney General on questions arising under the land laws,
with reference to the decisions of the courts under such laws;
i and of the laws, ordinances, and regulations of other Qov-
