804
THE CONtmRSSlONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22.
wnracnts &vm whom the United States have acquired ter-
ritory by cession, so far as the same apply lo til# territory
eo acquired. , ,
Hesolved, That the Secretary of the Senate cause the
general public acts of Congress respecting the sale and dis-
position of the public lands, together with the collection or
digest prepared under the foregoing resolution, to be printed
for the use of the Senate.
The question being put on the Adoption of the
resolution, it was decided in the negative: ayes 18,
noes 19- ,
THE NAISON ROUGE GRANT. i
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk: j
Mr. P*ksi ent : The House of Representatives have
passed the hill from the Senate entitled " An act to grant
tlae right of preemption to certain purchasers and settlers on
the Maiaon Rouge grant, in the event of the final adjudica-
tion of the title in favor of the United States."
THfi SLAVE TRADE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Clay the 20th instant, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct- ;
ed to inquire into the expediency of making more effectual
provision by law to prevent the employment of American
vessels and Ainencan seamen in the African slave trade,
and especially aa to the expediency of granting sea letters .
or other evidence of national character to American vessels ,
clearing out of the ports of the empire of Brazil for the west-
era coast of Africa.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish to say a
few words with regard to that resolution. It in-
structs the Committee on Commerce to inquire
into the expediency of making more effectual pro-
vision by law for the suppression of the African
slave trade. I have seen in this morning's papers
a. publication which is said to be made " to gratify
public curiosity," which reads:
" The undersigned members of the 31st Congress of the
Chited States—believing that a renewal of sectional contro-
versy upon the sittiject of slavery would be both dangerous
to the Union and destructive of its objects, and seeing no
mode by which sucli controversy can be avoided, except by
a strict adherence to t«> settlement thereof effected by
the compromise acts passed at the last session of Congress
—do kertby dcclart their intention to maintain the said set-
tlement inviolate, and to resist all attempts to repeal or alter
the acts aforesaid, unless by the general consent of the
friends of the measures, and to remedy such evils (if any)
as time and experience may develop.
« Aad for (be purpose of making this resolution effective,
they further declare that they will not support for the office
of President, or of Vice President, or of Senator, or of Rep-
resentative in Congress, or as member of a State Legisla-
ture, any man, of whatever ptfrty, who is not known lo be
opposed to the disturbance of the settlimemt aforesaid,
and to the renewal, in any form, of agitation upon the sub-
ject of slavery."
Now, sir, it -seems to me 
Mr. FOOTE. is there any qnestien before the
Senate?
The PRESIDENT. Tea., sir, there is a reso-
lution.
Mr. FOOTE. I was not aware of it. I shall
be glad then to hear the Senator upon the matter.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that this resolu-
tion and the consideration of it by the Senate at
the present time will be very likely to make tlie
mover of it and those who sustain it obnoxious to
the ostracism of the obligation contained in the
publication which I have read. And, sir, it is
very certain that the ostracism is not confined to
candidates for the offices of President and Vioe
President. That is large game, worth firing at, as
are also Senators and Representatives in Congress;
but it goes down to the State Legislatures. It
reaches all over the Union—from one end of it to
the other—and pats certain persons under the os-
tracism of the gentlemen who have signed that
paper. It is said that that paper is published " to
gratify public curiosity;" but 1 think the " public
curiosity" will not be gratified until it gets the
names of the signers, I think this publication
will only excite instead of gratifying " public curi-
osity." Now it seems to me that we cannot well
consider this subject without subjecting ourselves
to the ostracism of this publication,
i do not know how it strikes other Senators,
but it looks to me to be absurd—I state this as an
abstract proposition, without intending to give
any personal application of the term—to under-
take to discuss the -subject-matter of a trade with-
out going into a discussion of the matter of which
the trade is the effect. There is a good deal said
about protecting the iron interests. Now, how
ridiculous should we appear if we were to be os-
tracised if yg said a word about iron while dis-
cussing the iron trade. It seems to me that this
resolution opens the whole subject of slavery from
Srinning to end. It brings it in all 'its aspects
ore the National Legislature, and makes it a
fair and legitimate subject of discussion here.
Now, I do not very much care for the denunci-
ations of this paper. I think I have seen the
" elephant,"as far ae public life is concerned. I
shall therefore speak freely, notwithstanding it may
deprive me of the most efficient aid of these gen-
tlemen even to get into a State Legislature here-
after.
In regard to the subject of the slave trade, I pro-
pose to submit to the Senate the views of an indi-
vidual who I suppose is entitled to some weight
upon this matter, and ask the Senate to consider
the views of that gentleman in regard to the effect
which the legislation of Great Britain and the
United States have already had upon the suppres-
sion of the traffic against which this resolution is
aimed. I will read from a letter dated " Silver
Bhiff, South Carolina, January 28, 1845," signed
by a gentleman who has been Governor of the
State—J. H. Hammond. The letter was ad-
dressed to the late Thomas Clarkson, of England;
and, as I understand the tenor of the argument, it
was to show to Clarkson that he had devoted his
life to a mistake, and that all the efforts which had
been made by the " Abolitionists," as he termed
them, to suppress the slave trade, had not only in-
creased it threefold, but had also increased its hor-
rors threefold. I will read from the letter:
" It was estimated at the commencement of your agita-
tion, in 1787, that forty-five thousand Africans were annu-
ally transported to America and the West Indies. And the
mortality of the Middle Passage, computed by some at five,,
is now admitted not to have exceeded nine per cent. Not-
withstanding your act of Parliament, the previous abolition
by the United States, and that all the powers in the world
have subsequently prohibited this trade, some of the great-
est of them declaring it piracy, and covering the African
seas with armed vessels to prevent it, Sir Thomas Fovrei
Buxton, a coadjutor of yours, declared, in 1840, that the
number of Africairs now annually sold into slavery beyond
the sea amounts at the very least to one hundred and fifty
thousand souls; while the mortality of the Middle Passage
has increased, in consequence of the measures taken to
suppress the trade, to twenty-fivA>r thirty per cent. And
of the one hundred and fifty thousand slaves who have
been captured and liberated by British men-of-war since
the passage of your act, Judge Jay, an American abolition-
ist, asserts that one hundred thousand, or two thirds, have
perished between their capture and liberation. Does it not
really seem that Mr. Grosvenor was a prophet? That
though nearly all the "impossibilities" of 1787 have van-
ished, and become as familiarfacts as our household cus-
toms, under the magic influence of steam, cotton, and uni-
versal peace, yet this wonderful prophecy still stands .defy-
ing time and the energy and genius of mankind. Thou-
sands of valuable lives, and fitly millions of pounds ster-
ling, have been .given away by yourGovemmept in fruitless
attempts to overturn it. I hope you have not lived too long
for your own happiness, though you have been spared to
see that in spite of ail your toil and those of your fellow-
laborers, and the accomplishment of all Mint human agency
could do, tlie African slave trade has increased threefold
under your own eyes—more rapidly perhaps than any other
ancient branch of commerce—and that your efforts to sup-
press it have effected nothing more than a threefold in-
crease of its horrors. There is aGod who rules this world—
all powerful—far-seeing. He does not permit hts creatures
to foil his designs. It is He who, for his all-wise though to
us often inscrutable purposes, throws " impossibilities" in
the way or our fondest hopes and most strenuous exertions.
Can you doubt this !"
But theGovernor had something more to say on
this subject. He says:
" It would be ihr better than it now is for the African if
the trade was free from all restrictions, and left to the miti-
gation and deeay whioh time and competition would surely
bring about. If kiduapping, both secretly and by war made
for the purpose, could be by any means prevented in Africa,
the next greatest blessing you could bestow upon that coun-
try would be to transport its actual slaves in comfortable
vessels across the Atlantic. Though they might be perpet-
ual bondmen, still they would emerge from darkness into
light—from barbarism to civilization—from idolatry to Chris-
tianity—in short, from death to light."
Such is the view of that enlightened statesman
who has lived amongst the institution. He seems
to know the operation of the legislation of Great
Britain and the United States, and he thinks that
the greatest blessing that could be conferred upon
the African would be to repeal those laws, ana let
the slaves come over in "comfortable" vessels,
when the trade would be free from the extraordi-
nary risks to which it is now subjeoted.
This matter was some time ago before the House
of Commons in England, and a committee of that
body reported that, owing to the penal enactments
made against the trade, the horrors of the trade
had been increased; for the object was to take the
greatest number of slaves in the least possible
room, and to transport them in the quickest way
to the ports for which they were destined.
And the Governor does not leave us without his
views upon the institution itself with which this
matter is so intimately connected. He says:
" I think, then, I may safely conclude, and I firmly be-
lieve, that American slavery is not only not a sin, but es-
i pecially commanded by God, through Moses, and approved
j by Christ, through his Apostles. And here I might close
its defence; for what God ordains and Christ sanctifies
j should surely command the respect and toleration of man."
There may be a weak place in this argument,
but I cannot see it. If to transport savages, can-
nibals, from their native shore, is to bring them
under the operation of a God-ordained and Christ-
sanctified institution—if that be so, as Governor
Hammond says it is, I ask, where is the humanity,
and where is the philanthropy that is expending
itself in legislation, the only direct tendency of
which is to increase the horrors of a trade which
is itself increasing ? I think it is time for us to
consider well what we are about, and to see if the
authority which I have read has not some founda-
tion in it, and if we have been proceeding on a
mistake.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky, if I un-
j derstood him aright, on the occasion of presenting
a petition from the elite of Rhode Island the other
day, remarked that, in his judgment, the only ef-
' fectual way to put a stop to the African slave trade
was to colonize the coast of Africa with free blacks,
1 Christian blacks. It strikes me, sir, that there
1 would be a much more effectual way than that.
You may send the fleets of the world there, and
the armies of the world there, but just exactly so
long as there is a foreign market that will pay the
risks attendant upon the capture of negroes for
sale, they will be transported; and the only effect-
ual way in which the slave trade can be rooted
! out and destroyed, is to destroy the market for
slaves. When there is no longer use for slaves,
the slave trade will die of itself. Then, and not
till then, may we expect to see the termination or
. decrease of this odious trade.
Now,letmesay a word in regard to these petitions
i for the restriction and suppression of the horrors of
; the slave trade. I have noticed that every time the
1 North has been pushed to the wall upon the ques-
I tion of slavery, every time they have yielded until
concession was exhausted—then, and not till then,
: some very pious and worthy gentlemen of the
; North have been seized with spasmodic horrors
of the slave trade, and their philanthropy finds
vent against the foreign slave trade altogether. I
think it certainly strange and somewhat singular,
that these gentlemen have lain still so long, and
have seen, and felt, and appreciated so little of the
horrors of the slave trade, until everything which
slavery asked of the North had been conceded in
the last session of this Congress. I confess that, for
one, while I depreciate the motives of nobody, here
or elsewhere, I have little sympathy, and little
respect for that philanthropy and that humanity
which seeks no occasion of manifestation until
such time as the battle has comparatively been
lost; and then, instead of mourning over the de-
feat which the friends of freedom have suffered,
their humanity and philanthropy find, vent against
' that which it ts safe for everybody to curse—that
! is, the foreign slave trade.
i I hope, sir, that we will adopt no such measures
! as are contemplated by the resolution. I tell the
j honorable Senator from Kentucky, who introduced
j it, and I tell the Senate, that this will renew agita-
' tion. It cannot but be so. I confess that, al-
though but an humble member of the Senate, while
denunciation is poured out upon everybody who
undertakes to agitate this subject, I cannot con-
sent that everybody who entertains opinions dif-
ferent from mine may agitate as much as they
please upon colonization, and the suppression of
the African slave trade, and everything else, with-
out coming within the purview of those who have
sent this denunciation against all who renew " agi-
; tation."
Sir, the Senate knows and the country knows
that there are those who entertain different opin-
ions upon this subject. I know that this very
subject of colonizing Africa by free blacks has
1 been at one time, and by one set of men, held to be
a substitute for abolition, and something which
was to put an end to slavery; and at other times,
and by other men, in other places, it has been
holden out as a great safety-valve by which sla-
very was to be perpetuated. Now, if the Govern-
ment are to take initiatory measures in rela-
! tion to African colonization, I want to know what
I the Government look at in favoring colonization.
