THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
L 1   ' i - . _ ,   .  i. i    _ J I i_   i
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
Slrr Cowoaitt, Jd Ssttww.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 35. 1851.
New Sbrici.... No. 90.
IX*! it look at it m a rtinnij for slavery, or as
something whioh is to sustain it, extend it, per-
p«uau> it, and render it more safe, and property
m slaves more valuable ! For it is a fact capable
of demonstration that the colonizing of Africa with
free Macks has been presented to the country in
both these aspects.
The ngeiri of the Colonization Society, when
tl ey come -North, ;ure as pious and meek a set of
persons as you ever saw, and constantly hold out
colonization as the great remedy for slavery.
They sav ta the people, " patronize this institu-
tion, and* you are giving the most effective aid you
'an possibly give to the emancipation of slaves and
the destruction of slavery." I nave read addresses
delivered by the agents of this same society in the
other end of the Union, in which colonization is
held up as the great conservative element of sla-
very—as something that it is to free them from
their free Macks, whom they regard as a nuisance,
and in that way render efficient service to the cause
of slavery.
If tbe Government is to move in this matter at
this time, when agitation «s so dangerous and de-
nunciation so heavy, I want to know which kind
of colonization we are to have. Is it to be that
kind which will be favorable to emancipation, or
th"U which will be the £reat conservative element
of slavery' ,
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must remind
the Senator that the subject of colonization is not
under consideration.
Mr. HALE. I ask pardon of the Chair; I did
not mean to be out of order. I supposed it was
connected with the subject of the suppression of
the African slave trade. Certainly, colonization
was one of the means which was* suggested the
other day to suppress this trade. But L leave the
subject, and have nothing more to say.
Mr. CL AY. 1 will thank the Secretary to read
the resolution.
The resolution waa accordingly read, as fol-
lows: ,
* Revolved, Thai tbe Committee on Commerce be instrqct-
«4 to toqatre into tbe expediency r>f making more effectual
pnmsdn by law to prevent the employment of American
mn In and Anencaa feaiaea ia Hm? African slave trade,
had especially a# to tbe expediency of granting sea-letter*
or other evidences of national character to American ves-
sel* clearing out of the porti of the empire of Brazil tor tbe
Weatera roaM of AIMei.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the perusal of that
resolution ia the best answer that I can give to the
speech which has just been made by the Senator
from New Hampshire, and in the delivery ofwhich
I really cannot comprehend any purpose, unless it
lie for display. The resolution is known to the
Senate to be founded upon a public document,
communicated to this body at its own request, in
relation to the prosecution of the slave trade from
the coast of Brazil to Africa. All our public
aeeats in that country for years past—Mr. Wise,
the successor of Mr. Pro (fit and Mr. Tod, and
the consular agents—have all made representations
to this Government as to the extent to which that
trade is carried on in American vessels, and occa-
sionally by American seamen. They have all
recommended some more stringent measures in or-
der to pat a stop to it; and the object of this reso-
lution ts to inquire inte the expediency of adopting
these more stringent measures. One of them,
which they have all-united in recommending, is
titis. I stated upon a former occasion the mode
in which the American vessels are employed.
They are built, perhaps, in the first instance, in
the United States, with reference to the slave trade;
they are carried to the Brazils; there contracts of
■ale are made, and the vessels are delivered in
some port in Africa or its western border. The
vessel sails from the Brazils under the American
with an American commander and an Ameri-
can crew, and laden with provisions and imple-
ments for the prosecution of this foreign slave
trade. We!!, sir, our flag protects them during
their outward passage. Our flag does not permit
the vessel to be examined or searched by any for-
eign Power. It is therefore with perfect safety
they are enabled to carry the vessel from the port J
20
of Rio Janeiro, or other ports of Brazil, to the
coast of Africa. It is carried there, and upon en-
tering into the African port the sale is consum-
mated by the delivery of the vessel to the pur-
chaser, the purchase having been previously made
in the Brazils. When the sale is consummated,
the crew is changed, a different fla; is hoisted, and
a Brazilian, or Portuguese, or some other foreign
commander put in possession of the ship. The
seamen are discharged, and are left to perish on the
coast of Africa, or compelled to take a part in
navigating the slave shin back to the coast of Bra-
zil. All this is done, and these agents, aR of them,
unite in representing that there is no commerce
whatever between the Brazils and Africa requiring
American ressels to sail from the Brazils to the
coast of Africa—none whatever. The sole, exclu-
sive, and entire object of the vessel is the prosecu-
tion of the slave trade. They therefore recom-
mend jhat sea-letters shall be no longer granted to
American vessels clearing out from the ports of
Brazil to the coast of Africa. That will put a stop
to the abuse of our flag. It cannot be used for
that purpose. None of the flags of other nations
can be used for that purpose, because, in regard to
most of them, the right of search has been secured
to the British.
These are some of the objects of inquiry which
are proposed to be made by this resolution. There
are others, such as making it penal for the owner
of an American vessel to sell it for the purpose of
prosecuting the slave trade. All these are, how-
ever, mere objects of inquiry; and upon this reso-
Jubon of inquiry, founded upon authentic docu-
ments pouring upon us for years past, the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire has chosen to
take the occasion for the delivery of the speech
which we have heard him pronounce this morn-
ing, and to intimate that this furnishes an occasion
for the continuance, the renewal of that unhappy
agitation which we have witnessed throughout tne
country.
Why, Mr. President, we all know, and I sup-
pose none better than the Senator, from New
Hampshire, that slavery is of two descriptions—
the domestic, and foreign or African slavery, the
slave trade. Now, with respect to the first, it
stands upon totally different ground. That, and
that alone, has been the cause of the agitation.
With respect to the foreign or African slave trade,
I have heard of nobody anywhere, no matter to
what party he miirht belong—unless the Senator
from New Hampshire chooses to take that posi-
tion—I have heard of nobody of any party who
was not in favor of the suppression of tne African
slave trade. And yet the Senator supposes that
we cannot act upon this uncontroverted subject,
about which there is a unanimous opinion, with-
out leading to alt the agitation and discussion of
the controverted questions which grow out of the
institution of domestic slavery. 1 think the Presi-
dent of the Senate very properly interposed to
suppress the remarks which were being made, by
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire re-
specting the Colonization Society. That society
I am ready to vindicate here or anywhere, when
it is in order to do so. I stated incidentally the
other day, and I repeat, that, so far as the coast
of Africa has been occupied by the American Col-
onization Society, which is to the extent of three
hundred and fifty miles, there is a complete and
absolute suppression of the slave trade on that por-
tion of the coast. The Senator thinks we cannot
suppress that trade by means of colonization, that
it is impossible to do it. Why, if the whole of
the western coast of Africa were colonized, if'the
entire margin of that coast was colonized, we
should hold the door to Africa, and no slave could
get out to be carried to Brazil or any other coun-
try except by forcing their way through that co-
lonial door, through which they would never be
permitted to pass. But in saying this, and believ-
ing as I do that colonization is tne most effectual
method of suppressing the African slave trade, I
do not mean to say that there are no other modes
by which, to a certain, to a beneficial extent, there
m^ght not be some suppression of it. I believe
j that the squadrons on that coast have done some-
1 thing, but not enough, as I said the other day, to
justify the great expense of money and the sacri-
fice of life which takes place in keeping them up.
But I believe that if the measure sought to be in-
vestigated and inquired into by this resolution—
that of withholding sea-letters from American ves-
sels clearing from the ports of Brazil for the west-
ern coast of Africa—be adopted, it will repress to
a very gre it extent that portion of the slave trade
which has been carried on between the Brazils and
Africa.
Sir, the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
has chosen to pick up a newspaper of this morn-
ing, in which is contained an article said to b«
signed by many members of Congress, whose ob-
ject is to prevent the renewal of the agitation of
the subject of slavery. I avow myself as one of
the signers of that article, and I will act upon it,
whenever, within the sphere of my duty, it be-
comes necessary for me to decide whether 1 will
act upon it or not.
Mr. FOOTE. I am very unexpectedly called
to my feet this morning by one or two remarks
which havejust fallen from the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] Not being
by any means in a mood for agitation, and having
very little relish for that which is called by this
terrific name—that is to say, for that delectable
exercitation which constitutes the favorite occupa-
tion of the gentleman to whom I am responding-—
I shall certainly, on the present occasion, enieavor
to be as quiet m my manner, and as inoffensive in
my phraseology, as it is possible to be. Certainly,
as one of those professedly cooperating in the sup-
pression of agitation, I shall not take upon myself
to play the part of agitator. Notwithstanding the
high personal respect which I entertain for the ven-
erable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Cur,] it is
certain that I should have felt it to be my duty to
remonstrate against the introduction of his resolu-
tion, now under consideration, had I taken the
view of it which has beeR taken by the Senator
i from New Hampshire—that is to say, had I re-
1 garded it as calculated or intended to bring about
the renewal of that agitation#n the subject of sla-
very which has been so destructive of public con-
cord, and so deeply injurious to the best and most
solid interests of the country. But I have not
looked upon it as either designed to renew con-
troversial strife—now, I trust, forever at an end
—or as of a nature to revive it, even by incidental
operation. Indeed, I feel bound to s.iy that I re-
furded it as not a little unparliamentary for the
enator from New Hampshire to introduce the
newspaper extracts which he has brought to our
notice this morning at all; nor can I yet see any
. connection between them and the redbfutipn of the
Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDENT. It was altogether irrele-
vant
Mr. FOOTE. I hope, however, that the Sen-
ate will bear with me, as it has been introduced,
so far as to allow me to relieve myself of that
burden of acrimonious censure to which I might
be subjected, did I offer no explanation of that
movement which has been so specially referred to,
and in which I acknowledge myself to have been
no unwilling participant. It would appear, sir,
from what has been read in our hearing, that there
are, among the several hundred gentlemen who
constitute the two Houses of Congress, a goodly
number of patriotic and peace-loving persons, be-
longing to either of the two great national parties
of the country, who, without deeming it either
necessary or expedient to unite themselves for the
1 regular formation of a new political party, do,
| notwithstanding, concur in the opinion that the
agitation which has heretofore taken place in the
country upon the distracting subject of slavery
: ought now to cease—who agree in believing that
the feelings of unkindness which were called into
action by demagogues and factionists some months
since ought now to be succeeded by sentiments of
I true fraternity and friendship between the different
! sections of tne Union—in order that those great
j concerns which appertain to our happiness and
