1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
way of a statement of the reasons which influence
my vote against this amendment. -I have not
scrutinized the amendment thoroughly. When
first read, I thought it had certain secret Bearing*
that at least ought to be Scrutinized before any fa-
vorable action should be accorded to it. I am still
more satisfied of it from the speech we have just
heard. I think this amendment will renew agita-
tion, and, being a quiet man, I shall vote against
it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to'say to the Senator
that no such object ever occurred to me. I am
perfectly willing that the subject should be dis-
cussed here; and I am willing and desirous that
it should be discussed elsewhere; but, after fifty
years of discussion and debate, I am willing to
say to the Senate, 1 am willing to proclaim to
the whole country, that I desire a vote on this
subject by the two Houses of Congress at the
present session. I think we have had debate
enough, we have had deliberation enough, and I
The question was then taken by yeas and nays '' intend, if I can, with the consent and cooperation ,,
■' ■ • . ' -- ---   J—*-■ c— of the majority of the members of this body, so .
1' to frame and shape this bill that it may be certain |
| to receive a proper consideration in both Houses i
J. of Congress. But I will say nothing more upon
the present occasion, except to recall to the recol- .
lection of the Senate that, at the last session of ;.
Congress, when a bill was under consideration fox-
establishing a territorial government in NewMex-
:[ ico, there was contained in the bill, as it was re- '
j! ported to the Senate, a section making an appro-
priation; but the gentleman who had charge of it t
j made a motion to strike out that section, and
i stated that the object was to facilitate the passage .
of the bill through the two Houses of Congress, j
j The proposition, therefore, which I submit to the
Senate is not a new one, but corresponds exactly
1 with the one entertained at the last session. I
! shall add no more on this subject.
,! Mr. TURNEY. I did not, in the few remarks
which I made, speak of the motive which prompt-
ed, but I spoke of the effect of the amendment. I
understand the honorable Senator, however, now
to admit that the amendment was intended to have
on the original resolution, and it was adopted by
the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Bradbury, Caw, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Felch,
Foote, Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones,
King, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt,
Husk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Up-
ham, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and Winthrop—--45.
NAY S—Messrs. Benton, Borland, Butler, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Hale, Rhett, Soule, Turney, and Yulee—9.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the ,
special order, being the bill to provide for the as-
certainment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the 31st of July, 1801.
Mr. BRADBURY. Being a member of the
committee by which this bill was reported, and
being satisfied that it ought to pass, it was my in- \
tention to have addressed the Senate on the subject ]
this morning. Bufas the discussion has already
proceeded to a great length, I will forbear to
speak, provided the debate can now close, believ- thg effect to which j referredj and he seeks to jus. j,
me, with the favorable reports of twenty-six com-
mittees, the opinions of Madison and Marshall in
favor of the justice of the claim, and the declaration j
of Napoleon and of Talleyrand that these claims
were released for an adequate consideration, I will
submit the matter here.
Mr. SMITH. I move to amend the bill by stri-
king out the 11th section, which is in the follow-
ing words:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That for carrying
this act into execution the sum of $50,000 be, and the same
hereby is appropriated, to be taken from any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I wish merely to intimate to the Senate that my
object in moving this amendment is to facilitate
the passage of the bill through the two Houses of
Congress, and that if the amendment should be
agreed to, and the bill should pass the two Houses,
I shall, when the civil and diplomatic bill comes
up, move an amendment to it making provision
for this amount.
Mr. TURNEY asked for the yeas Mid nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TURNEY. I wish to submit
i submit a single re-
mark in regard to what, if not the object, will be
the effect of the proposed amendment. If you
strike, out the appropriation, the moment the bill
enters the other House the previous question will
be put upon it, and it will be run through without
any debate whatever. It is for this body to de- i
cide whether they will enable the majority to put
a gag on the minority, and prevent them discuss-
ing the merits of the bill. This is a mode of legis-
lation which I think is highly censurable, and
should not be encouraged by this body. There is
a rule in the other House which provides that all
bills making appropriations shall be referred to
the Committee of the Whole, and there undergo
discussion. Now, to avoid that, and put an end
to any discussion whatever, and to prevent any
amendment being proposed to the bill in the House,
this body is to lend itself to a party in the other
House, to enable them to enforce a gag upon the
minority. Sir, I think it is wrong. We should
do no such thing. We should let the bill pass in
the ordinary mode of legislation, and not shape it
here to enable a majority in the other House to
enforce a gag upon the minority.
Mr. SMITH. It seems to me to fee decidedly
out of order for the honorable Senator to refer to
any proceeding that may be taken on this bill in
the House of Representatives, and still more out
of order to attribute to me or to any other member
of this body any purpose such as that which the
honorable Senator has indicated.
Mr. TURNEY. I attributed nothing to the
Senator. I said if that was not the motive, it
would be the effect.
tify this mode of legislation upon the ground of
1 a precedent which was set on another occasion.
| He now avows the very thing as his object and
! intention, which I said would be the effect of the
amendment. But I think the Senator will find
( himself mistaken in his endeavor to accomplish
his object. 1 think we have adopted a rule which
will prevent that Senator from offering an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
appropriating $50,000 for carrying the present
bill into execution. I understand that we have
adopted a rule which will perhaps interfere with
his plans and arrangements. I think that, ac-
cording to a rule which we have recently adopt-
ed, we do not allow an amendment to be pre-
sented to the civil and diplomatic bill for an ap~
propriation, unless that appropriation has been
estimated for by the head of a Department. I un-
derstand the object of this amendment to be to
enable the majority of the House of Representa-
tives to apply the gag to the minority and cut off
debate. Certainly if it be adopted, the rules of i
the House of Representatives will not require '
that it shall be considered in Committee of the
Whole. !
Mr. BERRIEN. I would ask that the rule re- '
cently adopted by the Senate, which has been re-
ferred to by the Senator from Tennessee, be read.
The Secretary accordingly read the rule as fol- i
lows: !
" No amendment proposing an additional appropriation
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law, or
some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate du-
ring that session, or in pursuance of an estimate from the
head of some of the Departments; and no amendment shall
be received whose ftbject is to provide for a private claim,
although the same may have been previously sanctioned by
the Senate."
The question then being taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Bradbury,
Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Downs,
Ewing, Greene, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Mangum, Miller,
Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
Underwood, Upham, Wales, and Winthrop—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Butter, Cass,
Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas Felch, Foote, Hun-
ter, Jones, King, Morton, Norris, Khett, Rusk, Soulg, Tur-
ney, Whitcomb, and Yulee—35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I move to amend the bill by
striking out of the ninth section the words, " which
shall be paid out of the appropriation hereinafter
provided." So that the clause will read,
"That the compensation of the respective officers, for
whose appointment provision is made by this act, shall not
exceed the following sums."
This te a mere verbal amendment, which is ren-
dered necessary by the one which has just been
adopted by the,Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK moved to amend the bill by striking
out of the first section, the words, " that in all
' cases of transfer or assignment, no claimant shall
' be entitled to receive an amount beyond the con-
'sideration paid and interest thereon;" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words, " that no allow-
ance or payment shall be made under the provision
of this act to any assignee or insurer." The first
section is in these words:
Be it enacted, That satisfaction shall be made, as herein-
after provided, to an amount not exceeding five millions of
dollars, to such citizens of the United States, or to their
legal representatives, as had valid claims to indemnity upon
the French Government, arising out of illegal captures,
detentions, forcible seizures, illegal condemnations and con-
fiscations, committed prior to the ratification of the con-
vention between the United States and the French Repub-
liCj concluded on the thirtieth day of September, one
thousand eight hundred, the ratifications of which were
exchanged on the thirty-first day of July following: Pro-
vided, That the provisions of tlus act sh£jl not extend to
such claims as are stipulated for and embraced in the con-
vention between the United States and the.French Repub-
lic, concluded on the thirtieth day of April, one thousand
eight hundred and three, and for the liquidation and pay-
ment whereof provision is made in the said convention; nor
to such claims as were allowed and paid, in whole or in
part, under the provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Spain, concluded on the twenty-second day of
February, one thousand eight hundred and nineteen; nor
to such claims as were allowed, in whole or in part, under
the provisions of the treaty between the United States and
France, concluded on the fourth day of July, one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-one: And provided, alto, That in
all cases of transfer or assignment, no claimant shall be en-
titled to receive an amount beyond the consideration paid,
! and interest thereon.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, a word in relation
to this matter. This claim for the last fifty years
has been one of uncertainty. It has not been de-
fined, and the liability of the Government to make
the payment has not been acknowledged in any
authentic form. Then, according to the usual
rules of traffic among individuals, it being an un-
certain and unacknowledged debt, it could not be
the subject-matter of transfer. The provision in
the bill is wrong in every sense of the'word, be-
cause the individuals to whom this was justly
due, if due at all, could not command anything
like the value of their claims when they sola them
to assignees. The passage of the bill, with this
provision, offers temptations to commit wrong and
to perpetrate fraud.
This is not all. It is mischievous in various
other respects. It starts a set of speculators, who,
when they see a claim against the Government,
will buy it from the parties interested for a mere
nominal amount, and then I wish I could say there
would be no " lobbying Congress," and trying to
get large claims through for the purpose of realiz-
ing a profit. Under such circumstances, it seems
to me that the safest plan is to exclude the as-
signees.
Mr. WALKER. I am decidedly of the Bams
opinion with the Senator from Texas. I think
that one of the most powerful departments of this
Government, at this moment, is the department of
the agents; and I believe it will do more to bring
this Government into disgrace and ruin than any
other department which ever will exist in or about
it. I am, therefore, opposed in this and every other
instance to encouraging the means upon which this
I department of agency is sustained and protected.
I With this motive, and this alone, I shall vote most
1 cheerfully for the amendment of the Senator from
j Texas. As this is an important proposition, in-
! volving an important principle, I call for the yeas
and nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I trust that
this amendment will not be adopted by the Senate.
I Having satisfied myself years ago, by an examin-
1 ation of this claim, of the propriety of providing
for its liquidation by the Government, I have taken
no part in the more recent discussion of it. But
this is an amendment—I speak with great respect to
the Senator from Texas—against which I feel it my
duty to enter my protest. What is to be the effect
of the amendment? If this bill shall pass, the
United States will have acknowledged their liabil-
ity to pay this debt; they will have acknowledged
its justice; and now it is proposed to relieve thepn
from the obligations which that acknowledgment
imposed upon them in every instance in which
there has been an assignment.
The honorable Senator says that interests of
this sort are not assignable; that it was a claim
not acknowledged by the Government; that it was
in the nature of an unliquidated d<mand,and until
