310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
liquidated it was not a subject of assignment.
The honorable Senator will permit me to say, that
although that proposition may be true, as between
individuals in order to give them the right to bring
an action in a court of justice, yet it is not neces-
sary in order to transfer the claim. I think this
interest was regularly and properly transferable
by assignment, and that although the United States
have the power, if this debt be a just and proper ,
one, they have no- more right to refuse payment i
to an assignee than to an original claimant. But ;
it seems to me, looking to the history of these ,
transactions, that there would be a peculiar pro- !
priety in the adoption of this bill. 1 confess that .
if any responsibility could devolve upon me for
the enforcement of such a principle as the one pro-
posed in the amendment, I should feel the weight
of that responsibility beyond any other act which
I have ever committed. What is the state of facts ?
These claimants through a long series of years'
have been knocking at the doors of our halls of
legislation and asking for justice. Multiplied re-
Sorts by enlightened committees of both Houses
ave affirmed the validity of the claim. I am argu-
ing upon the supposition that you are now about
to indorse those reports by passing this bill; that
you are now about to acknowledge that this is a
lust and legal claim, and involved in that ac-
knowledgment is the further concession that for
fifty years you have delayed the payment of it.
The individuals who are entitled to the benefit of
this allowance are for the most part passed away.
Deprived of what you are now about to acknowl-
edge you justly owed them, they were compelled
under the pressure of necessity in many instances
to transfer their claims; and that necessity, which
you yourselves created, and which you will have
acknowledged that you created by the passage of
this bill, you are about to avail yourselves of, to
relieve yourselves pro tanto from the payment of a
debt which you are about to acknowledge to be
an honest one. I do not know how this proposi-
tion may affect the minds of other Senators, but I
confess I regret extremely that it should have been
presented. 1 do most sincerely hope, with great
respect to the honorable Senator from Texas, that
this amendment will not find acceptance with the
Senate.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the principle of
which my honorable friend complains is contained
in the bill itself. There is a declaration in the
very words which I propose to strike out, that the
assignee shall only receive the consideration which
he paid, with interest on it. Povided the principle
is there adopted, the transfer is admitted to be
illegal by the original bill itself. I do not conceive
that this claim stands on the footing of an account
at all. An account implies a sort of contract be-
tween two parties. But here is a claim against
the Government for injuries committed and perpe-
trated on the high seas.
In the first place, there is no acknowledgment
by the Government for fifty years that the claim
is a just one, which renders it so uncertain as not
to be properly a subject-matter of barter, sale, and
transfer. But it does not stop here. There is
another question which renders it still more un-
certain and less valuable to the original claimant,
and more valuable to the speculator. There has
been no statement of what amount was due. It is
necessary to prove the amount of the damage.
Then the whole matter is entirely uncertain. If
the Congress of the United States should sanction
this principle, in my opinion the result would be
the establishment of a set of speculators in the
country, who would buy the claims of individuals
against the Government for a mere song. Now
you are going to pay those who have suffered by
these French spoliations—those who hold the
claims, and were under no necessity of disposing
of them. Those who are indigent and poor sold
them for little or nothing, and you propose to take
advantage of that poVerty—you propose to pay
these speculators the amount which they paid for
the claims in the first instance, and interest upon
that amount. Is there no door there tempting in-
dividuals to come forward to attempt the practice
of fraud upon the Government? How is it to be
ascertained what was paid for these claims? Is a
written statement to be required of those who
bought these claims? How is it to be ascertained ?
There must be some mode of ascertaining what
amount was paid, and when it was paid. To my
mind this opens a door for illimitable frauds. In
my opinion, we are under no moral obligation to
the individual who purchases the claim that is not
acknowledged by the Government, and the amount
of which has not been ascertained. We are un-
der no sort of obligation, even admitting, for the
sake of argument, that the claim is a just one, to
these assignees. If we have obligations at all,
they are to the original claimants, and not to the
assignee, who must of necessity, under the circum-
stances, havereceived tlieclaimsforainuch smaller
amount than their nominal value.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, the object
of the Senator from Texas in the amendment
which he has moved, as he has avowed it, is to
prevent speculation in the claims against the Gov-
ernment. The bill as it stands is sufficiently
guarded in that respect. If the bill allows to the pur-
chaser of any claim the full amount of that claim,
it might then be obnoxious to the objection which
the Senator from Texas hasursred. But to prevent
anything of the kind, the bill provides that the
assignee shall receive no more than he paid, and
the interest upon that sum. And are we sure that by
adopting the amendment of the Senator from Texas
we should not do great injustice? Are we sure that
there may not have been cases long ago of individ-
uals transfering their claims bona fide, in payment,
perhaps, of an honest debt—transferred, too, for a
specific sum, the estimated amount of the claim?
And it is now proposed that that bona fide, holder
shall receive nothing whatever. The bill only
allows him what he would seem to be fairly enti-
tled to. The Senator's amendment goes further.
It proposes that the insurers shall receive nothing.
Now, sir, a portion of these claims are held by in-
surance offices. Where the insurer makes a policy
of insurance against risks "of this kind, it is well
understood by both parties at the time of the ex-
ecution of the policy that in case of loss the insurer
shall have not merely the premium paid, but that
he shall have the claim in case of capture.
The Senator, however, bases his remarks upon
the statement that these claims are not like an ac-
knowledged account. Now, we stand in the situa-
tion of the Government of Prance: and I will ask
the attention of the Senate while I read a single
sentence from one of the decrees of the National
Assembly of France, under which some of these
captures were made. When Europe was bent on
attempting to starve that country, the Govern-
ment of France issued orders authorizing the bring-
ing in of all neutral vessels laden with provisions.
In that very decree they say:
"The articles of provisions belonging to neutral nations,
and laden for an enemy's port, shall be paid for according
to the value in the place to which they were destined."
We have here this remarkable fact that France,
in the decree under which a portion of these cap-
tures were made, declared that circumstances com-
pelled her to takeand confiscate this property to keep
even her rich as well as poor citizens from starving,
and thatshewould payfortheamount. Francenever
denied these cletims, even up to theday of the ratifi-
cation of the treaty. France acknowledged their
justice; but we, havingobtained release from obliga-
tions for which we have offered millions of francs,
have defied the claimants for fifty years, and now
say that these claims are not just, which Madison
pronounced to be just, which Marshall pronounced
to be just, both of them Secretaries of State during
times in which the subject was under discussion,
and knowing all the facts connected with it. Still,
we are told to-day that there was nothing tangible,
that could be subject to equitable assignment—
when we have here, in the very decree, a declara-
tion that the French Government thought the prop-
erty thus taken, should be paid for.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say a single word
ur>on this matter. Objection has been made to
this amendment upon the ejound that if we pass
this bill we will acknowledge the justice of the
debt, and then we seek to limit it by the amend-
ment. It is also unjed that the amendment will be
contradictory, and will interfere with the purposes
of the bill, the main principle of which is that this
is a just, debt, which we are bound to pay, and
upon which we have no right to impose any limit-
ation. It seems to me that the bill itself contains
the strongest declaration that this is not a iust debt;
that it is not a debt at all, but that it is a mere
gratuity, as I think was very clearly shown the
other day by the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter.1 If it be a debt which we ought
to pay, why should we limit the amount to be
paid to five ^millions ? It seems to me that that
will not be sufficient to satisfy all the claims which
will be presented. If it be a debt, we owe it, and
ouffht to pay it, to the fullest extent; but if it be
not a debt, and I think it is not, we ought not to
pay it, particularly as we are not in a situation ta
pay it at this time.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, having had some
familiarity with the subject of this claim when I
occupied a different position in the Government of
the country, it had been my intention, for I deemed
it necessary, to say something on the merits of
the claim at large. But it has been so long dis-
cussed, so often under consideration, that I have
decided to forbear. I think I could have said in a
few minutes everything connected with the claim,
and completely vindicated its justice against all the
arguments which I have heard advanced in oppo-
sition to it. I will not, however take up the time
of theSenate, but will restrict myself to the amend-
ment proposed by my honorable friend from
Texas.
The amendment embraces, as has been properly
said, two classes of cases; that is to say, the as-
signees of claims and the underwriters or insurers.
My friend seems to suppose that, from the nature
of the claim, it was not assignable. Now, I know
of nothing, of no property whatever, that is not
transferable or assignable by law. There may not
be a legal assignment, so as to authorize the as-
signee to maintain a suit in his own name, but we
know very well the difference between what is re-
garded as a. legal and what is an equitable assign-
ment. It was, therefore, perfectly in the power
of the owner of any one of these claims against
France, or on our Government when they were
virtually, assumed by us, to transfer nis right in
equity 'to any person and for any purpose lie
pleased.
Now, the argument has been urged and repeated
to-day with regard to the magnitude of the claim.
It is said that if we owe the debt we ought to pay
much more than is proposed to be paid by the bill.
I do not think so. We renounced to France the
claim to indemnity for spoliations. What did we
renounce, is the question ? What we did renounce
was the value, or, in other words, the prospect of
the recovery from France of the total amount—
the aggregate of all the spoliations committtd.
Nobody can say, after our experience with France
and other foreign Governments, that we actually
renounced the full value, the full amount, of all
claims upon France. All that we are responsible
for to the claimants against France, in consequence
of the mutual renunciation made by France and
this country under the treaty of 1808, is to pay
the value of the claims which the claimants had
upon France; in other words, the prospect which
they had of the recovery of these claims upon
France. What that amount of indemnity should
be, I admit is a question of difficulty. It is a dif-
ficulty which I have always experienced since I
first considered the subject, and which perhaps ex-
ists now to some extent; but it has been settled
down at five millions of dollars—one half, or per-
haps one third, of the nominal amount of the claims
against France. So much in answer to the obser-
vations of the Senator from Arkansas.
To resume the question of the amendment. This
property having been assigned to a considerable
extent, I ask if we have not sufficiently guarded
against speculation by limiting the amount to be
received by the assignee to the actual amount
which he paid, with interest? But a word with
regard to the other class—the class of underwri-
ters. In a great number of instances these insur-
ance offices were utterly destroyed. Of whom
were they composed? Of individuals—widows,
orphans, and persons in every condition of life.
They have been injured, their fortunes impaired,
and they brought to ruin in consequence of the
spoliations committed by the French, and in con-
sequence of not getting the indemnity to which
they were entitled, either from France or from
this Government. An insurance office in itself
may be an object of no particular regard. Gen-
tlemen may dislike corporations in any form; but
these insurance offices consist of individuals who
were ruined, prostrated individuals, whose fami-
lies have been and are now suffering for want of
that indemnity to which they are entitled. I can-
not, therefore, see any propriety whatever in with-
holding from the hands of individuals composing
these companies that benefit which is intended to
