312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
Texas? If these debts shall not be paid to as-
signees in the cases which I have stated, and par-
ticularly in the cases of bankruptcy, a claim could
not be presented for the original claimants, for the
moment it was presented there would remain the
record of bankruptcy which had divested the ori-
ginal holder of all interest in the transaction. We
will suppose, then, that these two classes of as-
signees are withdrawn from the objection made
by the Senator from Texas.
And now, with respect to insurers. I propound
to my honorable friend frqm Texas, as a lawyer,
the question: Does he not admit that upon the ful-
fillment of the policy, the contract of insurance
between the insurer and the insured is by the op-
eration of the law entitled to all the rights of tne
insured? In the event of the abandonment of the
property, and a portion of the property is recov-
ered, is not the right and title to that portion of
the property recovered absolutely vested in the
insurer? These people, then, are not compensa-
ted by the receipt of their premium, for they have
rights which go beyond that—rights which the
law gives them—rights which we cannot impair
in the fulfillment of our obligations, and which we
can only do in the exercise of unlicensed power.
Sir, I should deplore more than the loss of the
bill itself, its passage with such a provision as that
which the honorable Senator from Texas proposes
to insert. We should, as I said before, by the
passage of the bill acknowledge the justice of the
claim, and by the insertion of this clause would
have relieved ourselves, by the exercise of our
sovereign power, from the payment of a portion
of that obligation which we would have acknowl-
edged to be just.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. Rusk, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Butler,
Cass, Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Gwin, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jones, King, Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Soul6,Tur-
ney, Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Day-
ton, Downs, Ewing, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Man-
gum, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps. Pratt, Seward, Smith
Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales, and
Winthrop—30.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendment being proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate.
The question was on concurring with the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BORLAND. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
- The motion was rejected on a division: Ayea
^knoes 25.
^fr. FOOTE. I beg leave to make a single re-
mark. I trust the friends of this bill will not urge
its passage to-day. My mind is not made up upon
the subject. The discussion which has occurred
has certainly excited much doubt in my mind in
regard to the propriety of the measure. I feel ex-
ceedingly inclined to vote for the bill if I can satisfy
my mind of its propriety. I wish to have an op-
portunity of more thoroughly investigating the
subject before I give my vote. I have heard the
speeches of the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Smith,] and the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] which have not yet ap-
peared in print, and when I shall have had an
opportunity to peruse them I shall be able to vote
upon the bill. But if a vote is pressed at the pres-
ent time I must vote against ft.
Mr. BERRIEN. I voted against the adjourn-
mentjjecause I wished the bill to pass to-day, but
I am willing to accede to the wishes of the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, and give him an
opportunity for examining the matter. I there-
fore move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, JaAuary 23, 1851.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish, if it
be in order, to make a motion that committees
le allowed to make reports for reference merely,
and that will not give rise to debate. I understand
that there are matters to be reported by commit-
tees which will give rise to long debates, and I do
think it impprtant that the business before the
committees should be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unani-
mous consent. The gentleman from Tennessee
asks the unanimous consent of the House that the
call of committees may be proceeded with for the
purpose of receiving such reports only as do not
give rise to debate.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected.
Mr. STANTON. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to be permitted to make a report from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, for the purpose of
reference.
Several members objected, and the report was
not received.
INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Ex-
ecutive Committee of the Industrial Exhibition,
to be held in London in June, 1851, transmitting
, their proceedings had in pursuance of the duty
imposed upon them by the Government of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports, when
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, rose to make a report.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose to a point
! of order. There was a report pending from the
1 Committee on the Judiciary, which had not been
I disposed of yesterday.
I The SPEAKER said that the morning hour
: having expired, and the House having proceeded
' to other business, the report from the Judiciary
Committee and the pending motion had gone upon
. the Speaker's table.
! BOUNTY LAND CERTIFICATES.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, to which had been re-
committed yesterday House bill No. 447, to
enable Jacob Banta to locate two revolutionary
bounty land certificates, reported the same back,
with an amendment, as an additional section,
making provision for all cases of the same' char-
acter.
Mr. VINTON said he understood that it was
the order of the House to report bills for the pur-
pose of reference, and not for the purpose of de-
bate.
The SPEAKER stated that such a motion had
been made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] but that it could only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent of the House. The,
call of tne committees must be proceeded with in
regular order.
The amendment to the bill reported by the
Committee on Private Land Claims (a copy of
which could not be procured) was then read.
Mr. VINTON submitted, as a question of or-
der, that the committee had no right to report that
amendment any more than any other member of
the House had to submit it.
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order. It was not competent for the committee to
report an amendment of a general character to a
private bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I supposed yesterday, when
this matter was referred back to the committee,
that such would be the result. Without further
occupying the time of the House, I now ask that
the bill be put immediately on its passage. I trust
the House will pass it. I yesterday explained its
provisions, and shall very briefly refer to them on
the present occasion. The object of the bill is to
enable an individual who holds two pieces of
revolutionary bounty land scrip, to locate them,
he heing unable to do so in consequence of a de-
fect in the assignment of the scrip; the proof ad-
duced before the committee being ample that he
holds this scrip in good faith. It is a matter of
great consequence to the old man owning the scrip
to have this bill passed, and I therefore ask that
the bill may be passed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I desire to offer an
amendment to this bill. I think it right that the
individual for whose benefit the bill is designed
should have an opportunity to locate these war-
rants; but I also think that he should be put upon
the same footing as others. I wish, therefore, so
to amend the bill as to require him to locate them
in the military land district in the State of Ohio,
where others have located their certificates.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state his
amendment?
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out the words
"any land district in Illinois and Iowa," and in-
sert the words " the military land district in the
State of Ohio." That will put the petitioner on
the same footing as others.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, expressed the hope
that the House would not agree to the amendment.
The question was taken and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; arid having been engrossed, was
read the tliira time and passed.
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, reported a bill to encourage
agriculture, commerce, and manufactures, and all
other branches of industry, by granting to every
man who is the head of a family and a citizen of
the United States a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land, out of the public domain,
upon condition of occupancy and cultivation of
the same for the period therein specified; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. VINTON. I rise to a question of order,
as to the right of the committee I# report the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should have
raised his point of order before the bill was read
a second time. The subject had been, however,
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. At present,
Mr. Speaker, I shall not make many remarks, but
simply move to commit the bill and have it print-
ed. I will just say here that it is my intention,
before this subject, so deeply interesting to the
American people, shall be finally disposed of, to
take occasion to address the House. But whilst
I am up, I will say this: that this bill ought to
have passed instead of the bill that was passed
bestowing some forty-eight millions of acres of
land to the soldiers of the last war, and of all the
wars since 1790.
I set out with this general proposition, that this
bill gives land to every man that ought to have
land. Every man who owns land—every man in
whom the fee-simple is vested, ought to be an oc-
cupier and cultivator of the soil. This bill, if
passed instead of the bounty land biD of last ses-
sion, would have given land to every description
of soldier who served in the last War, that is in a
condition to cultivate and occupy it; and by giving
land to such, it is kept out of the market. The
land warrants are now thrown into the market,
and sold at a sacrifice to the harpies and Shylocks
of the country, thus constituting a great land mo-
nopoly.
TIiis bill, I repeat, would have given every sol-
dier land who ought to have it; but do not under-
stand me to say that it would give land to the old
and to the infirm, who have become so under the
suffering and disease contracted in the wars in
which they have shared in the defence of their
country. No. But it would give them some-
thing. The land1 should be given to those able to
cultivate and occupy it; whilst those whom age
and infirmities prevented from accepting land,
should be supported. They should come to the
public Treasury, and we should give them their
share of land scrip out of it. Sir, it is a crying
evil that the public lands should be thrown into the
market and hawked and vended about for scarcely
any consideration.
I will make one further remark and then take
my seat, for I know that there are others abler
than myself ready to discuss this subject, and to
present the arguments in favor of the bill in a
much more favorable light than I can pretend to
do. But I will simply ask what is the sight that
has been presented here since this Congress be-
gan ? We find, at the beginning of the last ses-
sion of Congress, sixty-five bills introduced—for
what ? To divide the public lands indiscriminately
amongst canals, corporations, lunatic asylums,
schools, and so forth. What do these corpora-
tions propose to do with the lands? Why, to re-
alize large sums of money out of those who actu-
ally occupy and cultivate the soil. And while
we are presenting this aspect before the country,
