1&5I.
T&E CONGRES^O^AL GLOB®.
ma
having sixty-five bills before us to divide the^ public
domain, the poor, landless, homeless man comes
here and asks vou to give him one hundred and
sixty acres of land, that he may live upon it and
cultivate it, and thereby become an independent
man and an efficient citizen.
Sir, let me say, before concluding, that I am
glad that the State of Illinois has spoken on this
subject through her Legislature, while she speaks
on it through her Representatives on this floor. It ,
is the first gun which has been fired, so far as Le-
gislatures are concerned; but I can tell gentlemen
that it will not be the last. As soon as we can get
up a sufficient agitation on this question to direct
public attention to it, and the people begin to un-
derstand it, and to see how the public domain is
going, they will have this law registered upon
their statute book. Since this measure was first
advocated, or brought forward here six years ago,
it is true that there has not been a great deal of
discussion on the subject until within the last few
months; but, although there has been silence, this
proposition has been steadily making its way in j
the public mind; and, from the vast number of let-
ters that I have seen, and that have been written
to me on the subject, I am satisfied that the coun-
try is laying hold of it. And, sir, although it has
been denounced as demagogism, we find, in va-
rious portions of the United States, that men of
the most commanding influence and of eminent
popularity, are coming forward to the rescue of
this great measure.
I*said, Mr. Speaker, that I had but a few words
to say; but before I sit down I call upon those who
look to the welfare of their constituents—I call
upon those who have any desire to extend and
sustain the interests of the working man—I call
upon those who are willing to stand by the labor
and interest of the country, to protect and encour-
age the agricultural interest—which is the basis,
the sub-stratum, npon which all others rest—to
aid me in the effort to establish the policy of this
bill. . i
Mr. CASEY (Mr. Johnson yielding the floor)
said: I was not present, Mr. Speaker, although a
member of the Committee on Agriculture, when
this report was agreed to.' I took no part in its
consultations on this subject, and I wish to ask
the gentleman from Tennessee if a majority of
that committee agreed to this report?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will simply say that the
committee in session authorized me to report this
bill precisely as it is, and that the committee out
of session has authorized me to do it again and
again.
Mr. HILLIARD. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
inquire whether the bill is now upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. The motion pending before
the House is to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that it
be printed; and should the House vote this down,
the question will then be upon the engrossment
and the passage of the bill.
Mr. HILLIARD. I had intended at some time
to address the House upon the merits of this bill;
but not expecting it to be brought up so early in
the session, I am not how prepared to do so so
fully as I could wish. Under such circumstances
I can only hope for the indulgence of the House
in presenting a few remarks to their attention. I
will take occasion, however, to say that I regard
this as an important measure, and one that pre-
sents itself to the feelings of the whole American
people; I believe that it proposes the true system
for the disposition of the public lands.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Johnson] concluded his remarks?
Mr. JOHNSON was understood to say that he
had not.
Mr. HILLIARD. If the gentleman has not
concluded his remarks, I will not at present con-
tinue my remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Hilliaed] can proceed.
Mr. HILLIARD. I was about to say, Mr.
Speaker, that I shall not now long detain the
House, as I am perfectly aware of its anxiety to
proceed to business; neither do I conceive it ne-
cessary to do so. But I desire distinctly to my,
that I look upon this as a great measure, whether
it presents itself to the popular favor as an act of
favor or an act of "justice/ I regard it really and
sincerely as the true system for disposing of the
public lands. In my opinion, the Government
j should never be a land-owner; the Government
should enjoy its wealth by making its citizens
I rich, and by spreading an industrious, active, and
hardy population over the unsettled tracts that are
i now uncultivated, arid in which the Government
i is a great land-owrner. It will make the people
more prosperous; it will do more to make the
Government prosperous than any other system
you can adopt or introduce.
Sir, what is the source of national wSalth ? Not
in holding lands for sale through a long series of
years, whilst thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands who are without homes would be glad to
have them.
The true policy is, to give every man a home, 1
and to make it his interest to improve and culti-
vate the land, to dwell there, to rear his children I
there, to buildup school-houses, to erect churches;
and when you have done that, you have done
more towards laying the basis of national prosper-
ity than by any system that vou can adopt, no
matter if you can sell the lands after a while for
much larger prices than are now asked for them, j
As I before said, I do not intend to press this i
question now. I am not prepared to do so; but
I can be prepared, and I pledge myself to be pre- I
pared, to show that the large body of public land
now held by the Government ought to be given to [
the people, as a source of revenue, independent of
every other consideration which addresses itself to
the legislator who takes a nobler, a larger view of j
the condition of the people. And therefore, sir, I j
trust the House will consider this matter as ad-
dressing itself to them by the strongest considera-
tions which can appeal to them. I believe that we
shall have no solid revenue system until the pub- !
lie lands are out of view as a system of revenue. |
Mr. AVERETT, (interposing.) I would ask
the gentleman from Alabama, and the other friends
of this bill, who are calling it a people's bill,
whether they do really design to give these lands
to the people, or whether they design to take away
that which belongs to the whole, and confine their !
beneficence exclusively to a part, to the express >
exclusion of the rest ? \
Mr. HALLIARD, (in continuation.) So far as I |
am concerned individually, I wish to give it to the (
people in the largest sense. I wish to have this
land settled, and cultivated, and occupied; and I do
not hesitate to say that my object is not so much
to benefit these people individually as to benefit the
country at large, and to render the Government it-
self more prosperous. Itgives us ahigher, alarger,
a nobler future than we can have if we. thus pro-
vide homes for the homeless for their own benefit
alone. I believe it is the wisest system that can be
adopted. I look to the Government to become !
prosperous through the people. Whenever we !
find a healthy-toned and wealthy population, we '
find a prosperous Government. Provide for the I
large class of people who are roaming about home- I
less, and who therefore take no interest in and con- 1
tribute nothing to support the Government, and
vou convert this useless class into good citizens.
You give them a direct interest in their country;
and whilst you strengthen the ties between the j
Government and them, you at the same time add
to the prosperity and power of the former.
I was going on to say, when I was interrupted, |
that you can have no permanent tariff system with-
out this measure is sdopted. I prefer to look to j
the custom-houses for our revenue. They yield a '
direct amount of money to the Government, and
are a great advantage in other respects to Our peo-
ple by the protection which the duties thus levied
afford to those interested in manufactures. j
I say, then, that whether you regard the pros-
perity of the Government directly; whether you !
regard an arrangement for a settled and stable rev-
enue; whether you regard the actual condition of
the people themselves; in every view that you can
take of this measure, it addresses itself to the at-
tention of Congress, and ought speedily to become
a law.
Mr. CASEY. As a member of the Committee
on Agriculture, from which this bill is reported, I
have only to say that I know nothing of its pro-
visions; that it is a subject to which I have not
turned my attention, and, upon consultation with
several members of that committee, I find that they :
are just in the same situation. I desire to say that«|
I have not assented to this bill at all, and I have !
never seen it. I
Mr. JOHNSON, (interposing.) Do I under- '
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he
has not assented to the bill, and that the majority
of the committee have not assented to it ?
Mr. CASEY. I intended to say, that I have
never been present during this session at any
meeting of that committee, and I know not what
the action of that committee has been. It may
have occurred when I was absent. I will not pre-
tend to say how that may be; but, Mr. Speaker,
I believe that this House is in about the Same sit-
uation us I find myself, and I therefore intend fo
move, before I take my seat, that this bill be either
recommitted, or that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. It is
a subject, as this House will perceive, of immense
magnitude, and one that opens up to discussion
and to consideration the whole subject of the
Government land titles, and the disposition of
those public lands.
Now, sir, I concur in the remarks mctde the
other day by the distinguished gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] upon this subject of the
disposition of the public lands; and every gentle-
man from the old States, occupying a seat upon
this floor, must have felt the force and weight of
the remarks madelry that gentleman.
Mr. MEADE, (Mr. Caset yielding the floor.)
I wish the gentleman' from Pennsylvania pot to
misunderstand my opinions upon this subject of
the distribution of the public lands. On the occa-
sion to which he has referred I did not finish
my speech. I intended to have remarked then, in
the course of my speech, what, with the indul-
gence of the gentleman, I will now say by way
of explanation.
I am opposed to the policy of distribution, and
do not wish to see that policy enforced. But
when' I find that those who originally were in fa-
vor of that policy are making exceptions in faVor
of localities, I am either for pursuing it, or chalk-
ing out some other line of policy that will appor-
tion justice to all the States.
I should prefer to bring back the friends of the
West and Northwest to their allegiance to the
principles of non-distribution. 1 had intended the
other day to have shown to those gentlemen who
support this policy, and who had been departing
from the policy of non-distribution, how we had
been making partial appropriations for objects
that I believe ao not come within the powers of
Congress.
If the policy of non-distribution is to be de-
parted from, I am desirous that my portion, and
that every portion of the country shall receive its
proportion of the public lands; that the Atlantic
States as well as the new States may receive their
share"of the benefit of these public lands.
Mr. DISNEY, (Mr. Caset still yielding the
floor.) I desire to make my acknowledgments to
the gentleman from Virginia for opening up the
subject which he has broached; and I also desire
to say that I shall avail myself of an early oppor-
tunity to endeavor to state the account existing
between the East (tnd West, and shall proceed to
try conclusions with gentlemen of the Atlantic
States.
Mr. MEADE. I should like my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Disnet] to show me where any of the
old States have deceived any of the benefits of the
public lands whatever. I am desirous of seeing
now he will ihake any account between the old
and the new States. €
Mr. CASEY, (resuming.) The gentleman from
Virginia and myself belong to different schools of
politics, and take different views of public'policy;
but that circumstance does not prevent me from
appreciating, as the Representative from one of the
old States of this Union, the tendency and force
of the remarks which he then made. We differed,
our schools of politics differed a few years ago, as
to the proper manner of distributing the public
lands and their management. That line of policy
which'was marked out, as a part of a great Ameri-
can system, I believe to be the true policy of this
Government—the disposal of these public lands,
and the graduation of the price of them, according
to location, quality, and other circumstances. I
believe that to be the true policy of this Govern-
ment, and the distribution of the proceeds of these
public lands among all the Slates of this Union for
the purpose—the great, the high, the noble purpose
of education and internal improvements among
the people. I believe that to be the true policy.
The gentleman1, and those of his school of polities,
