318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
Mr. HALE. I have not troubled the Senate i
with any remarks on this subject since it has been
under consideration. I know of but one individ-
ual who will be benefited by the passage of this
bill, living within my Congressional district, and
he is over ninety years of .age. In early life, fifty
years ago, nearly every dollar of his property was
sacrificed on these claims. He has lived on the
hope that the justice of his country would some
day or other reach him. Well, sir, he is willing
now to take just what the Government will give
him. If he cannot get the whole of his claim, he
is willing to take his proportion of the five mil-
lions of dollars which tnis bill grants. I think it is
a poor argument to &ay that we should refuse to
pay anything because the claimants do not ask the
full amount of their claims. If I could quote Latin
like my friend on my left, [Mr. Foote,] I should
perhaps be inclined to suggest a line which was
used with reference to the Trojan horse, which I
believe was this: " Timeo Danaos et donajtrentes."
I mistrust the object of this appeal of the Senator
from Arkansas considerably, because I think, as
I look at it, that if he were put upon his voire dire,
and required to say whether he would be willing
to pay the amount stated in the bill, or all that
may be claimed, he would certainly prefer to adopt
the amount named in the bill. But if we pay this
amount now, that does not preclude us from the
privilege of paying more by and by; and if it shall
turn out hereafter, that the conscience of the Sena-
tor from Arkansas is troubled in that behalf, he
will be at liberty to vote for an additional amount.
But I presume the friends of the measure do not
consider the matter in the kght represented by the
Senator from Arkansas. They look upon it as
being but an act of tardy justice, and they hope it
will not now be denied, because in their penury
and oid age the claimants have not now asked for
a great deal more.
Mr. BORLAND. In reply to the Senator from
New Hampshire, I will say that I offer this amend-
ment in no spirit of magnanimity. I claim noth-
ing of the sort. I offer it upon the plain proposi-
tion that it seems to me it is founded in justice. I
said yesterday, and I say again, that I do not be-
lieve the United States owe a dollar of this money,
or ought to pay one dollar. But I say that those
who claim that we do owe it, cannot, according to
my sense of right, refuse to pay the whole amount
which may be found to be due. I have offered
this amendment for the purpose of bringing the
Senate to a test vote on this question, and to de-
clare in passing this act whether it is passed as an
act of justice or as a gratuity. I think it is due to
the Senate, to the country, and to the claimants
that the declaration should be made in plain,
straightforward terms, so that the whole country
may know whether we pay it as a debt and let the
Senate be justified on that ground. If we do not
pay it as a debt, I contend tliat We are not justified
in giving this sum of $5,000,000 jft a gratuity, or
any other amount whatever. I state plainly that
my proposition is no indirect mode of reaching
what the Senator from New Hampshire supposes
will give a test, but to bring the friends of the
measure, and those who say it is a debt to a test,
to say by their votes whether it is a debt or a
gratuity. I know that a distinction ought to be
drawn here on this subject.
The Senator has now intimated what I sus-
pected all along to be the intention of the friends
of the bill. I did not say that I suspected what I
now think I have authority for saying that I do
suspect. The Senator from New Hampshire has
said, in behalf of the friends of this bill, that this
five millions is simply an entering wedge. It is
to establish the principle of the bill, and nereafter
it is intended to come and ask for more. I have
suspected that to be the object all along, but-1
would not make that charge until the Senator, as
a friend of the bill, haa now avowed it. I am
glad that he has done so, And I wish the country
to ses that this m not to be considered as the pay-
ment of the whole amount due, but it is to be con-
sidered as a mere entering wedge, to get Congress
to admit the claims, and bind them hereafter to
pay whatever may be "found to be due.
Mr, BRADBURY. Mr. President, the re-
marks of the Senator from Arkansas are founded
on an erroneous view of the subject—a view
which is not eonfined, as I have reason to believe,
lo that Senator alone. It assumes that if this
Gipverameut is bound to pay anything:, it would
be bound in equity to pay in full the amount of
the losses by claims against France. This is not
a correct position. Our Government would only
1 be bound to pay, according to this bill, all the
i claims against France at the time their release
was procured. The Government is an agent for
the claimants in the prosecution of the claims, and |
. has undertaken the prosecution of the claims and
the satisfaction of them; and she does this by off-
setting them against claims which France had,
which were indefinite in their character. Now,
this Government is the judge of the consideration,
and is only bound to pay the value of the claims
at the time the judgment was given, and that can-
not be the full amount of the claims.
Again: the Senator from Arkansas has remarked
to-day, as some Senator did yesterday, that this
is to be an entering wedge to open the way for
further claims upon the Government. The bill
, itself—and 1 wisn to call the^attention of the Sen-
. I ate to that fact—provides against that. The bill
declares that " the sum herein appropriated shall ;
be in full discharge of all claims. The bill pro-
vides for a certain class of cases, and on the pre-
sentation of any claim or memorial for adjustment
; and adjudication, a release shall be taken, and the '
' United "States shall be discharged from tnaking
any further compensation.
There is, then, nothing in the argument that
there are to be further payments. The petitioners
i themselves are content to take this; sir, they are
, content with the adjudication of the Government,
and that is the full amount which &ey can collect.
It will, therefore, lead to no further claims upon
the Government.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to put myself right,
: Mr. President—no, sir, I am rignt now; I want
! to put the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Bor-
i land] right on this subject. If the Senator from
, Arkansas supposed that I said the friends of
this bill would hereafter move for the payment of
a larger sum than is proposed in this bill, I most
■ positively disclaim having said any such thing.
I said the petitioners were ready to take this pro-
. posed amount in full satisfaction of their claims;
' but I did suggest, that if the tender conscience
of the Senator from Arkansas should be troubled
| on account of the smallness of the amount, and he
. | wanted to do more ample justice, it would always
be in his power to make a motion. But, as one
of the humble friends of the bill, I entirely dis-
claim any such intention. I said I believed the
petitioners would be satisfied, and perfectly satis-
fied; and, to adopt the beautiful language used
here on another occasion, I will say that I believe
they will be "more than satisfied—they will be
gratified," with the pittance which Government
gives them.
Mr. FOOTE. I cannot vote for this amend-
ment, Mr. President, because I conceive that the
, question involved in this bill is one of great com-
| plexity and difficulty, and is just such a question
as we should take for the basis of an honorable
compromise. I understand this bill to be a propo-
sition of compromise; and, so considering it, I am
not willing to mar its beauty. [Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. I accept the explanation of
i the honorable Senator from New Hampshire; and
'! I will say that if he had no intention of making
the suggestion that I attributed to him, of course
: I take it all back. But I apprehend his remark
I was understood as I stated it before, and I think
j when reported it will be understood in that way,
j and that it will offer a very significant suggestion
i to the claimants themselves.
J One word in response to the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Bradbury,] who says that the bill not only
limits the amount to be paid, but declares that the
; payment shall be in full satisfaction of all claims,
ana that no claims can be hereafter made. Now,
i I put it to the Senator from Maine, and to the
wnole Senate, if any such declaration or such bill
can preclude any claimant from coming forward
M artd getting another bill passed. I suppose the
j annals of legislation may furnish innumerable in-
stances where claims ha^e been prosecuted and
1 paid in part, and afterwards additional claims have
| come in again and again, untihfive times the ori-
i ginal amount has been paid. There have been many
i cases of this kind. I know of one which has oc-
: curred within a very short time, and I think I can
easily cite more.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
,: the bill is to be passed for the benefit of individuals.
1 But after the first claims are paid, further investi-
gation will show that more is due, and still more,-
session after session. This Congress cannot bind
efny future Congress on this subject. It can close
no door against claims. The giving of five mil-
lions or any other sum recognizes the debt as just,
and imposes on the Government, so far as its ac-
tion can be controlled by any action of this sort,
an obligation to pay the full amount. With regard
to its being a bill of compromise, as the Senator
from Mississippi calls it, who makes the compro-
mise? That is simply a'declaration, an arbitrary
declaration.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator did not un-
derstand me as saying that the bill was a com-
promise at the present time; but it is a measure
which wiH become a compromise if adopted. The
Senator was also mistaken if he judged from any
remark of mine that I intended to vote for the bill.
I do not intend to war upon the bill by means as
| unfair and illiberal, if the Senator will allow me
to say it, as I deem this amendment would be. I
i wish to meet it in open warfare; and when I vote
against the bill, I shall do it with considerable re-
! luctance, which reluctance arises from the fact
i that it seems to be still a matter of much doubt,
| and because I regard the evidence as rather pre-
i ponderating against the measure.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Missis-
! sippi, I am confident, said that this bill was in the
nature of a compromise. What he meant by the
remark he knows best himself, and he has ex-
plained his meaning. I go on the principle that
we have no right to compromise; that we, as
the Senate of the United States, have no right
to go into any chaffering bargain; that we have no
right to declare ourselves bankrupt as a Govern-
ment, and say we can only pay so much money
on the dollar. I hold that this is not fair legisla-
tion. We are called on to say whether we will
pay this just debt in full, or only what can be es-
tablished on proper testimony. I wish to be un-
derstood, that this amendment is offered in no
"aptious spirit, nor to do injustice to any one, but
| simply to nold the Government to perform its le-
gal obligations.
! Mr. FOOTE. The Senator is certainly wrong
I in supposing that this bill, in any respect, recog-
nizes this as a debt. If he is right in the suppo-
sition that this is a debt, we are bound to pay it.
I suppose it to be a claim of a somewhat dubious
character, and subject to legitimate dispute upon
one side or the other, and plausible argumentation
on both sides. In such a case, it is wrong to call
it a debt, eo nomine. It was a claim, a plausible
claim, an equitable claim, I think, against the
French Government formerly; but at the present
time, in my judgment, not a legal, valid, and
binding claim against the United States Govern-
ment, upon the principles of international law. I
say again, that with great sympathy for the claim-
ants, I shall be compelled, with great reluctance,
to vote against the measure. But I shall not vote
for the amendment, upon the ground I have al-
ready stated—that, although it may be fairly and
liberally intended, I do no"t think it will so oper-
ate. I think we have a right to adopt the bill, if
we choose, in its present form. It is in the form
i of a proposition of compromise upon claims con-
sidered as doubtful. There is nothing unconsti-
tutional in the bill, if it should become a law. I
do not understand the honorable Senator's lan-
guage when he undertakes to say we have no right
to pass such a bill. If we have authority to pass
the bill—if we have legislative power to pass it—
; we have a right to adopt this proposition of com-
promise; ana it would not be dishonorable at all
j to do it, if this is a question of doubt; and even if
the evidence were equiponderant, I should say we
' were bound to vote in favor of the measure. But
upon an examination of the subject in its various
bearings, having come to the conclusion that the
' evidence is too feeble to sustain the claim, I shall
not vote for it. At the same time I shall make no
! war against the measure in the mode proposed.
] I wish to meet it in a fair and open fight; and I
will adopt no indirect means of imparting odium
| to the proposition for the purpose of securing its
j: defeat.
Mr. BORLAND. I arinjjfcy to trouble the
i Senate any further, but I wish to say one word
; | in answer to the Senator from Mississippi. • I did
' j not say that the passage ef this bill would be, in
il my opinion, unconstitutional. I said it was not
