THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TER^S $150 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1851.
New Series No. 21.
patentjaws may be passed; which was laid on the
table."
Also, a petition from the stewards, class-lead-
ers, and clergymen of the Wesleyan Methodist
connection of the Hector circuit, asking the un-
conditional repeal of the fugitive slave law, which
he moved to refer to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was ordered
that it be laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Wil-
liam P. Greene, asking compensation for his ser-
vices as ,1 custom-house officer at Providence,
Rhode Island; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. SMITH presented a memorial of citizens
of Niagara county, in the State of New York,
asking the construction of a ship-canal around the
Falls of Niagara; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
- Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from in-
ventors and other citizens of New York, asking
that the bill now before Congress to amend the
patent laws may be passed by Congress; which
was ordered to lie on the table. 1
Mr. CASS presented a memorial from citizens
of Philadelphia, asking a modification of the
bounty land law of September 28, 1850, so as to
give each of the persons entitled to land under its (
provisions one hundred and sixty acres; which [
Was referred to the Committee on the Public j
Lands.
Mr. STURGEON. I am charged with a me- !
morial from citizens of Philadelphia, in the State
of Pennsylvania, and also surviving officers of the
war of 1812, setting .forth that the grant of forty
acres, estimated at $25 in Government scrip, is t
too small to be made to the officers and soldiers of
the different wars, and asking that they may be [
allowed one hundred and sixty acres in all cases. |
They state that the recruits that enlisted for the war j
with Mexico, and never marched to the seat of
war, but remained at 'forts at home for not more
than one month, received one hundred and sixty
acres. They assert that the officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812 were paid in depreciated paper
by the Government, while the soldiers of the Mex-
ican war received par money. I move that the
memorial be referred to t-he Committee on Public
Lands.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of Sarah Gardenier, widow of Captain J.
R. B. Gardenier, oftheUnited States Army, asking
to be allowed a pension and bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of the
Judges of the County Court of Gasconade, Mis-
souri, asking the right of way and a donation of
land for the Pacific railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, a petitiou from citizens of New York,
asking for a reduction of the rates of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a me-
morial from citizens of Berkshire county, in the
State of Massachusetts, and also one from invent-
ors and others,'citizens of New York, asking that
the bill now pending for the amendment of the
patent laws may be passed by Congress; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial from J. H. Smith, United
States Consul at Beyrout, asking that his consul-
ate may be made a consulate general, and that the
salary appertaining to the office may be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred Senate bill for the
relief of William P. Greene, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage, accompanied by a report, which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
21
to which was referred the petition of HarrietR. F.
Capron, widow of an officer of the Army who was
killed in Mexico, praying that the half-pay grant-
ed her may be continued for life, submitted a re-
port, which was ordered to be printed, accompa- :
Hied by a bill to continue the pension of Harriet
R. F. Capron; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 80, for the relief of Lewis
Hastings, reported back the same without amend- ,
ment, and with a recommendation that it do not
pass, accompanied by a report, which was ordered 1
to be printed. \
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 83, for the relief of Wil-
liam Slocum, of New York, reported back the
same without amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that it do not" pass, accompanied by a re-
port, which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was i
referred House bill No. 153, granting a pension to
Mary Pike, widow of Ezra Pike, reported back
the same without amendment, with a recommend- ;
ation that it do not pass, accompanied by a re-
port, which was ordered to be printed.
CORRECTION OF A REPORT.
Mr. BRADBURY. I rise to make a correction
of a report in one of the papers that report the
proceedings of the Senate, (the National Intelli- 1
gencer,) of a few remarks which I made yester- [
day. I should not notice the mistake were I not
represented as saying the reverse of what I did
say. '
In reply to the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. (
Borland,] who contended that the passage of the 1
bill for the adjustment of the claims for French
spoliations would be such an admission on the part |
of the Government as could make it liable for the
full amount of all the claims against France, I said
the^t this was not a correct position, but that the
Government was only bound to pay the value of
j the consideration received, or the value of the
claims to the claimants at the time of their release;
and that the value of the consideration received, |
being indefinite in its character, must be determined
by the Government. I
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
j read a third time and passed:
{ The bill to provide for the ascertaining andsat-
I isfaction of claims of American citizens for spoli-
j ations committed by the French prior to the 31st
day of July, 1801.
The bill for the relief of John B. Barton and the
other surviving children of the late General W.
Barton.
PRINTING OF CENSUS RETURNS.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
! tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on Printing be di-
rected to inquire what additional provisions by law are ne - I
cessary to provide for the printing of the census returns. |
GRANTS OF LANDS FOR RAILROADS.
On the motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate |
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
j Whole, the bill granting the right of way and ma-
! king a grant of land to the States of Louisiana
, and Mississippi, in aid of the construction of a ;
! railroad from MadisOnville, in the State of Lou-
!j isiana, to Jackson, in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to that bill. During the last session of Con-
gress a great many bills were passed granting lands
1 to Illinois, Indiana, and, I believe, to Ohio, forthe
j purpose of aiding in the construction of railroads.
: Now, there is a railroad project, for which a bill
i is before Congress, to connect Louisville with St.
Louis. It goes through Indiana and Illinois the
whole distance, but it is a road which would be
highly beneficial to two of the adjoining slavehold-
ing States—to a State that has no public lands.
That bill, although it has hitherto been before
Congress, for some cause or other was never acted
upon.
I do not perceive why it should not have re-
ceived the same favorable attention of the Senate
that the bills for the construction of roads lying
north of the Ohio river, and further in the interior,
received. Now, of all the roads which could well
be constructed by the aid of Congress, there is
none which would be more beneficial to the peo-
ple that I represent, than the road from Louisville,
through Indiana and Illinois, to St. Louis. Upon
that road, as chartered by the State of Illinois,
there has already been expended some two or three
hundred thousand dollars in that State. As I am
informed. there has been no expenditure in Indiana
east of Mount Carmel. I cannot, however, posi-
tively state this as a fact.
The amendment which I propose to this bill is
simply to make the same grant to the States of In-
diana and Illinois, to aid in the construction of
this road from Louisville to St. Louis, that has
heretofore been made for the construction of other
roads through the interior of Indiana, Illinois, and
Ohio. I base, this application upon the ground
that this road would be essentially beneficial to
the State of Kentucky and the State of Missouri.
I If this road shall be constructed, it will enable
merchants and travelers to spend something like
twenty-four hours more in Louisville and St.
Louis than they now can. Then they can go on
this road, if they wish, to the intersection of the
Chicago and Cairo railroad, and on that road to
the mouth of the Ohio, and there join the boats
descending the Mississippi river. This would be
an incalculable advantage to the traveling and *
commercial interest of the West. No road which
can be construct will so effectively promote this
object to the maWes of the people residing west of
the Alleghany mountains as the one which I pro-
! pose.
I will not consume the time of the Senate by
commenting on the advantages which-would re-
' suit from the construction of this direct line of
communication from Louisville to St. Louis, in-
| tersecting as it would the great road from Chi-
cago to Cairo. Every one who will look at the
geography of the country—every one who will
look at the map of the country—must see the im-
mense advantages that must result froiMLhc com-
pletion of such a road. I look upon it Sthe most
advantageous road that can possibly be construct-
ed out of the public means. It is infinitely more
useful to the grqat masses of the American people
than many roads for which grants have already
been made.
I have takej) the bill which was offered at the
last session and modified it somewhat, and offer it
as an amendment to this bill, as follows:
Skc.7. That there be, and is hereby, granted to the States
of Indiana and Illinois, in the aid of the construction of a
railroad from Louisville, in the State of Kentucky, by New
Albany, in Indiana, and Mount Cannel, on the Wabash
river, to Alton, with a branch to a point on the Mississippi
river, opposite St. Louis, in Missouri, every alternate sec-
tion of land designated by even numbers, for six sections
in width on each side of said roads, and in case any portion
of said lands may have been sold by the United States, or a
right of preemption may liave attached thereto, at or pre-
vious to the time of selection, the States aforesaid may se-
lect from the lands of the United States most contiguous to
the tier of sections aforesaid, so much land in alternate
sections as aforesaid as will make the whole grant equal
in quantity to one half of six sections in width on each
side of said road : Provided, That the alternate sections
hereby granted to said States, and their proceeds, shall be
applied to the construction of said road, and to no other
purpose whatsoever.
Sec. 8. Jlnd 6e it farther enacted. That the sections and
parts ol sections of land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States within six miles on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold.
Sec. 9. ~1rul be it further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to the said State shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature thereof for the purposes aforesaid,
and no other; and the said railroad shall be and remain a
public highway for the use of the Government of the United
States, free from toll or other charge, upon the transport-
ation of any property or troops of the United States.
Sec. 10. And ke it further enacted, That if the said rail-
road shall not be completed within years, the said States
shall be bound to pay to the United States the amount which
may be received upon the sale of any part of said land by
said State, the title to the purchasers, under the State making
the said sale remaining valid; and the title to the residue or
said lands shall reinvest in the United States, to have and
hold the same in the same manner as if this act had not
been passed.
