322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24.
Bsc. 11. Jtitd he it further enacted, That the said States
respectively be and are hereby authorized to survey and
mark through the public lands ofthe United States, the route
of said railroads lving ivithin its territory; and that seven-
ty-five feet of said lands on each side of the ccntre or mid-
dle ofthe track of said roads, be reserved from sale on the
part ofthe United States, and the use thereof forever vested
in the State within whose territory the road is situated, for
the purpose aforesaid and none other.
Sec. 12. Jlnd le it further enacted, That the United
States mail shall at all times be transported on said railroads
under the direction ofthe Post Office Department, at a rea-
sonable price; and in case of a disagreement between the
State and the Post Office Department, the matter in differ-
ence shall be referred to the United States dis trict judge for
the district of Illinois.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am very sorry to interfere
■with the proposition of my honorable friend from
Kentucky, and I do so only in compliance with
the instructions of my State. The Legislature of
my State has instructed her Senators to insist
upon that road being run from some point near
the mouth of the Missouri river; and, in compli-
ance with- those instructions, I now make a mo-
tion to amend the amendment. I move to strike
out the words "a point opposite St. Louis, on the
Mississippi river, and insert the words " a point
on the Mississippi river opposite, or nearly oppo-
site the mouth of the Missouri river."
Mr. UNDERWpOD. Mr. President 
Mr. CASS. Will my friend allow me to sug-
fest one word ? I wish to say that this day has
een assigned for the consideration of private bills,
and it is very evident that this question is to take
up the whole day if we go on with it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope not.
Mr. CASS. It will, and for this reason: before
this question is brought to a vote members will
look at the number of acres that have been granted
to the States already, and thus the whole day will
be consumed. I would therefbre suggest that this
question be withdrawn, so that we may give the
aay to the consideration of private bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senate will hefir
my amendment explained, I thflpc they will be
satisfied that but little time will be wasted in its
consideration. I want to show my friend from Il-
linois [Mr. Shields] that his amendment is wholly
unnecessary; that the very objection which he
makes in behalf of his State has been anticipated
by me, and provided against in the bill. The bill
originally prepared by me directs that the road
shall extend to Alton, with a branch to a point on
the Mississippi opposite St. Louis. I saw there
was great danger that we should run contrary to
the wishes of the Legislature of Illinois, and I have
provided^iasmuch as they had constructed a road
from Alton to Mount Carmel, that that should
stand, and that we should have a branch to St.
Louis. My friend will find that his objection is
provided for. *
One word to the Senatorfrom Michigan. Sir, here
is the only road that is deeply interesting to my con-
stituents, where they can be benefited by a portion
of the public lands, from no part of which Ken-
tucky has heretofore received any advantage.
And_yet now, when Kentucky asks for an appro-
priation which will make a road entirely through
free States, and new States, holding public lands,,
but which road will incidentally operate greatly to
her advantage, I regret that my friend from Mich-
igan should get up and say that he wants time to
see how much land these States have already re-
ceived, before this bill, in which my constituents
are so deeply interested, can be acted upon. I hope
he will not object to its consideration now.
Mr. SHIELDS. As I like old Kentucky, and
am very anxious to accommodate my friend from
Kentucky, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope this bill will be al-
lowed to lie upon the table for the present. It is
obvious that it must take considerable time to dis-
cuss it now; and I therefore move to lay it on the
table, and I hope we shall take it up on the first oc-
casion when we get through with our special orders.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope my friend
will withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will withdraw it.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. I hope my friend
from Kentucky will bring in a bill which will em-
brace his object, instead of incumbering the prop-
osition which is now before the Senate with an
amendment giving rise to debate, and perhaps de-
stroying the bill, which I had hoped would pass
without discussion. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is much broader than the
original one to which it is attached in the form of
ail amendment, is more important than the bill
tiself. I hope his amendment may be allowed
to stand upon its own merits, and be the subject
of a separate bill, so that we may go on with the
one before us without any incumbrance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I deprecate discussion
j as much as any Senator, and I am willing that the
Senate should vote on it at once. If my object is
not shown to be a reasonable one by the few re-
marks I have made with a design to commend it,
and my proposition shall be rejected, I will take
the course recommended by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I begged the Senate to consider it now,
because I wish to support both objects. If, how-
ever, my proposition should fail, I believe it will
be a hopeless case for Kentucky; for, by the time
we can reach it again, there will be no public lands
to be granted.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not feel prepared to decide
whether this proposition should be acceded to or
not, and did not wish to hazard the bill now be-
fore us by a debate upon it. I believe that the meas-
ure proposed by the Senator from Kentucky would
necessarily lead to a debate, and therefore asked
him to withdraw it. If he presses it to a vote now,
I shall vote against it, because I do not sufficiently
•understand it; but prefer not to do so. •
Mr. DAWSON. I do not design to discuss
this question, but I shall vote in favor of the
j amendment. I have before said that the old thir-
I teen States stood but a very little chance of getting
any portion of the public lands. Now, as Ken-
; tucky is one of the very oldest of the new States,
i if we can get her associated with the company of
the younger States of the Union, it will be getting
one step nearer to the rights of the old States; and
the very next movement will be to get in one of
the old States; and when we get one we may get
the whole. My objection to this proposition as it
was originally presented was, that it did not pro-
vide for the rights of other States.
I have said I would not discuss the question of.
the appropriation of the public lands to the States,
because it seems a majority of the Senate have
determined to do it; but whenever an opportunity
presents itself, I think it due that the facts should
be made known to the country.
Now, how is it here? The younger States de-
sire an appropriation of a large portion of the
i public lands, and because Kentucky wants a por-
tion also, which will incidentally aid her, they
say," No; bring up the measure in a separate bill.
And yet they will unite the younger States upon
this bill and carry it through. Now, why not let
all go together? Where is the harm in that?
Where the necessity of considering it, when it is
a mere act of justice to Kentucky ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am opposed to
omftbus bills.
Mr. DAWSON. But not when there is an
omnibus that just suits the number to be taken
into it. They do not want anybody else crowded
into their omnibus. We want an omnibus that
will carry justice throughout the country. We
want an omnibus to do equal justice to every sec-
tion of the Union. We want to throw Kentucky
into the omnibus with Mississippi, Missouri, and ,
Alabama; and I know my friend from Mississippi
will have no disposition to throw Kentucky out. I
Now, sir, this is getting to be a very important !
question, a vastly important one; and if it were
not 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will my friend
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAWSON. I will, if it is an appropriate
one.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to inquire
how much of this road will pass through Ken-
tucky ?
Mr. DAWSON. Not an inch; but still it is
beneficial to Kentucky, and will serve her purpose :
by increasing her commerce, and be for her con-
venience; and it shows that she is exceedingly
humble in her pretensions and requests. She just
wishes to connect two separate points, St. Louis
and Louisville. That is exceedingly desirable;
and why should Senators interpose to prevent it ?
The reason is, not because the thing ought not to
be so, in the judgment of this body, but because >
members are fearful that it will injure this bill, :
which is to appropriate public lands to a few |
States. There is the reason of it.
Mr. CLEMENS. If the Senator will allow
me, I beg to be permitted to correct him in one 1
particular. Alabama has nothing to do with this
question.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, if Alabama has noth-
ing to do with this bill, she has a bill by which
she wiiyje provided for. The reason I have
given ap^es just as well.
I repeat, I do not intend to create discussion,
but I think the time has arrived when all should
unite to do justice to every State in the Union. I
W*j *\ave nothing more to say upon the subject,
and shall not pretend to oppose this bill further
than -1 have. If gentlemen will enter into an ar-
rangement or an implied faith that they will dis-
pose of these bills, so as to give something like
justice to all, I will vote even for this measure;
but I must make my opposition to this partial
j legislation known, as I have often done before,
' that the question may be brought to the considera-
} tion of the country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The last remark
of the Senator from Georgia requires that I should
say I enter into no such arrangement, make no
; such promises for the future. I shall vote on every
; i proposition when it arises according to my sense
i of justice. But will tell him beforehand, if he
needs an answer to that, that I am opposed to the
distribution of the public lands among the several
States; least of all, do I enter into any contract,
however desirable, to depend upon promise of aid
;, for some other measure hereafter to be brought for-
ward. I make no such promise. I hold my con-
, j science under my own keeping, and will vote for
: or against a bill according as I understand it to be
, right or wrong when it comes up.
I stated before that I did not know whether I
I should vote for the proposition of the Senator from
; Kentucky when fully understood or not. It was
J i because I did not understand the effect of it fully,
!, and did not wish to hazard the bill before us, by
II a debate on the amendment which he had intro-
|| duced, that I asked him to withdraw his proposi-
, ] 4ion, and let it come up as a separate measure, and
stand on its own merits, to be discussed as a thing
right or wrong in itself. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] argues in favor of this amendment
on great principles of justice; and seems to think
! we should pass it, because of our having done the
same thing elsewhere. That is no part of my sys-
tem. If it be right to grant lands for the construc-
: tion of a road, I shall favor the grant upon the
1 principles which I have heretofore advocated, and
j not because it has been decided to grant them else-
j where.
j This Government seems to me to be becoming
S a great eleemosynary institution. Yesterday we
| granted five millions of dollars as a gratuity: even
j the friends of the measure would not declare that
I it should be paid on simple principles of justice.
| Fixing an amount which they suppose the Treas-
! ury would bear, they agreed to grant so much, in
| the form of a gratuity. We have a right to collect
and appropriate money to pay a debt, but not to
; make gratuities to persons, however meritorious
i they may be, or however entitled to chanty. I
j have heretofore made known the principles on
| which I am willing to grant lands for the construc-
II tion of improvements, and if the proposition ofthe
| Senator from Kentucky comes within the rule, I
j, shall vote for it. My objection to action now was
because the case is not understood. It was to be
attached to a bill which would, in my opinion, be
unfortunately defeated by it.
Mr. DAWSON. I am astonished at the idea
■ which the Senator from Mississippi has taken up
—that I proposed to make a contract in respect to
the legislation of the country. I said no such
thing. If he thought so, he misunderstood me.
I said I would oppose this measure until a sense
of justice should be restored to this body, and
I through the country, so that there should be an
j implied understanding that when public lands
j should be distributed, it should be done for the
benefit of all the States.
The Senator nays that this Government is be-
coming a great eleemosynary institution. So it is;
but not on principles of justice, but on grounds of
1 partiality. Whenever you make grants of land,
, now is it done? It is done for the benefit of the
few to the exclusion of the many, and there is a
principle assumed, first, that it is to improve the
public lands, to encourage their sale, and to in-
. crease their value. So soon as that principle fails,
a majority will be found here to put it on the
ground of nationality, and that the appropriation
