1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
should be made for the good of the whole country.
The granting of lands in the way in which it is
now done, is what I oppose. The assertion can-
not be too often repeated that the public lands be-
long to the States, or the people of the Sj^es; and
whenever they are not appropriated fo^Wfe gen-
eral purposes of Government, and are given to
partial purposes, it becomes injustice. Now, I
submit to you, to the Senate, to the country,
whether minions of acres of public lands have not
been appropriated to the use of individual States, !
at a loss to the rest of the States. And the ques- ,
tion is, how long shall we sit in our seats and suf- i
fer the public domain, which is the common prop-
erty of the whole country, and should be for the
benefit of the many of the country, to be thus j
appropriated to the aggrandizement of particular ]
individual States? i
I repeat, sir, it is injustice, because they have
no right which does not belong to other co-States. ;
All have equally contributed to the purchase of !
this property or to its acquisition, and all are
equally entitled to the benefits of it. But there is <
a mode of legislation by which interests may be ■
combined to carry into effect certain objects which >
will produce good to some and injury to others;
and because those who represent the rights of any j
section of the country which may be injured by
such legislation speak upon this subject on this
floor, they are looked upon as intermeddlers, and
disposed to create sectional jealousies, when they
are doing nothing but proclaiming that which is
true in point of justice.
Why, sir, the period is rapidly approaching,
and we see it in every movement, when the pub-
lic lands are to be given to those who have no
lands. Thus the country will be taxed to buy
lands for those who hold or own no lands. An-
other class of politicians will, if they can, give
the public lands to the particular States in which
they are located, upon certain terms beneficial to
them, and injurious to the whole nation which
purchased these lands. The more I have thought
of this subject the more I have seen of its injus-
tice, and the more I feel my obligations to let it
be known to the country. I have watched this
land question in all its phases, not one of which
turns a ray of light towards the old States, but all
is like the darkness of an eclipse on that side,
while the light is turned towards the States in
which the lands are located. I submit whether it
is right that this should be so; and I beg my
friends who are interested in this measure not to
believe that I have any unkindness towards their
States, or towards this appropriation. I repeat
again, that if this land belongs to us all equally,
every section should be entitled to some benefit
from the proceeds of it; and whether it is used for
purposes of internal improvements or otherwise,
every State should be aided in the same propor-
tion. It is immaterial on what principle you ap-
propriate it; but, whatever it may be, you should
appropriate it on the same principle to one State
as to another.
Mr. DOWNS. I am very sorry that on this
day, especially set apart for the consideration of
private bills, my friend from Georgia has taken
occasion to add to what we heard upon this subject
with so much interest on a former occasion. I
shall not enter into any discussion, but I wish to
suggest to my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
derwood,] and others also, that the arguments
in favor of this amendment seem to be based on
the idea that it is necessary for the advantage of
Kentucky. I wish to inform them that Kentucky
and another old State, ^Tennessee, will be fully as
much benefited by the original biH as either Mis-
sissippi or Louisiana, because this road is to be a
branch of the great railroad extending from the
mouth of the Ohio river, through Kentucky and
Tennessee, into Louisiana. There was a bill passed
at the last session making a provision in favor of
it, and making its location, as I understand, through
the States of Kentucky and Tennessee;,so that I
think Kentucky is more interested in the original
bill than in this amendment. I do hope that, con-
sidering the interest which the bill is likely to
create, the Senator will consent to withdraw his
motion to amend the bill. I believe the other bill
is fair and proper, although some of these States
have got a pretty large slice of the public lands
heretofore. At present I see no reason why I
should not vote for the object of the amendment
if it -were in a separate bill. The bill before us is
in favor of a very short railroad, only about thirty
miles in Louisiana, and a very short distance in
Mississippi; and as the grant proposed is in perfect
accordance with those that have been made here-
tofore, and as the amendment creates so much dis-
cussion, I hope it will be withdrawn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am satisfied if the
amendment should be now rejected, and we pass j
the original bill, that the effort is entirely hopeless, j
So much having been said upon this subject, I do i
not wish to revive it; but I believe that the Senate j
will be prepared, if they consider one or two facts, I
to dispose of it finally during the session. j
I would inform the Senator from Louisiana ]
[Mr. Downs] that I will vote with pleasure for his
measure; that I am not disposed, by offering this
amendment, to prevent its passage. On the con-
trary, my object is to aid it rather than to operate j
against it. 1 made this proposition because it is
one of vital interest to a large portion of the peo-
ple I represent. While it would increase the value i
of the public lands in Illinois and Indiana, it would
incidentally afford a great benefit to my people and ,
the State of Missouri. |
We have been granting appropriations to States j
to enable them to make roads, even without any
company being organized to make the road from
point to point, but just because it was considered
desirable. Here, in this case, I beg to repeat that
the Legislatures have already chartered the roads,
and large sums have already been expended, and
the object of this amendment is to grant facilities
to the States through which this road has already
been laid out to finish it.
In regard to the suggestion my friend has made
that the road will, be for the benefit of Kentucky,
let me state that those who will look at the map
will find that Kentucky runs to a very narrow
point upon the Mississippi river. It is some thirty
or forty miles from the mouth of the Ohio to the
State line. With a view to connect the large rail-
road through Illinois from Chicago to Cairo, with
the road from the Mississippi to Mobile, it becomes
necessary to run about thirty miles through the
State of Kentucky, and the grants heretofore made
to Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama will only
operate, so far as Kentucky is concerned, to throw
a line of railroad parallel to the Mississippi, which
is navigable every hour in the year, some thirty
miles. So much Kentucky gets. You perceive at
once that from the continued navigability of the
Mississippi river, for those thirty miles, the rail-
road will scarcely be worth anything to the inter-
est of Kentucky.
Every Senator must understand this matter.
My proposition is to grant the usual quantity of
land to aid the road which is already laid out from
Louisville to Alton, with a branch to St. L<Xiis,
and in every other respect the bill is identical with
those heretofore passed.
Mr. WALKER. Some observations made by
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] are rath- j
er interesting to me. He seems to have bestowed '
much thought and reflection upon the policy of
granting the public lands to producers and actual
settlers. I think his observations have an im-
portant bearing upon that subject, and I am very
much rejoiced to find that the policy of ceding the
public lands to actual settlers has at last triumphed
over the contempt of Senators. R was the first
thing for which Ruy Gomez had to rejoice, as will
be found in the play of " Paint hgart never won
fair lady," that he had overcome the contempt of
his lady love. And it somewhat rejoices me to
find this doctrine overcoming the contempt of Sen-
ators, and that they bestow some attention to it,
if it is but to donounce it. But let me ask whether
the Senate is prepared to consider this amendment
at this time? A bill has been introduced by the
Committee on the Public Lands to equalize the
land granted to the States—to bring the grants to
all the States in which there are any public lands
up to the maximum which has been granted to
any State. One of the very States through which
this road is to run is the State which has re-
ceived the maximum—1 mean Indiana.^ The
proposition of the committee is to equalize the
other States with Indiana, and here comes a prop-
osition, which has never been before the commit-
tee, to give to thatState which has already received
the greatest grants of public lands in the United
States still more of them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to interrupt him ? It has been reported upon
favorably.
Mr. WALKER. At this session?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir.
Mr. WALKER. Then I am in error about
that. But that fact does not do away with the
force of what I would say. This is a proposition
to increase the grant of land which Indiana has al-
ready received. She has already received a greater
amount than any other State.
A Senator. Illinois has received more.
Mr. WALKER. It is said behind me that Illi-
noes goes above Indiana. It may be so; and Illi-
nois is another State through which this railroad
is proposed to be run. At the last session of Con-
gress a grant was made to Illinois of a strip of
land of the usual width throughout the State, to
aid in the construction of a central road, which is
to be continued to Mobile. If there ever was a
grant made for truly useful purposes, if this policy
is correct, that was a proper grant. It is one of
vast importance, and will be of great use to the
country. That road crosses several lines of lati-
tude, and I should not wonder if, when completed,
it should very materially revolutionize the com-
merce of the country, run it in a different channel,-
and create different commercial marts. It cer-
tainly will have an important bearing. It will af-
fect the commerce of the Eastern States, and as the
time is coming when they will experience a change, •
it may be well for them to look to their true inter-
est in this public land policy.
Are we prepared to make an additional grant to
the States of Indiana and Illinois, to which have
been already granted the largest amount of public
lands? I think not; I hope not. I would join in
the petition to the Senator from Kentucky to with-
draw his proposition to amend. If it has been re-
ported upon favorably, it will doubtless pass as an
independent measure. I do not say it will pass
with my'concurrence. It is known to the Senate
that I am opposed to the policy of giving lands to
States for the building of railroads and make the
settlers pay for the land in increased prices. It is
a policy which I believe to be vicious. I believe
it to be taking from the laborer and actual settler
of the country a contribution which is not due
from him. I would prefer to see these grants made
without increasing the price of the alternate sec-
tions, and without demanding from the settler an
increased price for the remaining lands. It would
operate less onerously upon those sections which
are less able to bear it.
Mr. BRADBURY asked for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. As the yeas and nays have
been called upon this question, I wish to suye the
reasons which will influence my vote upon it. I am
in favor of the original measure, and if I supposed
that the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] would
tend to defeat or embarrass it, I would vote against
his proposition for that reason. But I do not see
how it can produce that effect. On the other hand,
it adds -in my mind an additional reason for voting
for the original proposition. This public domain
is the property of the United States. It is the
property of the United States in trust for the
common and equal benefit of all the States. One
of the ways in which it can be made use of by
the United States is, to derive revenue from it, as
has been done heretofore. That is a legitimate
way to use if, but it is not the only way. If it
were the only way, then the domain has ceased to
be of any use to the United States. It has already
happened that revenue has ceased to flow from the
public domain. It has ceased, according to the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, for six-
teen years to come. According to the estimate
of the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Felch,] who addressed us the other day, the
fountain may flow again, within a period shorter
than that. I should judge his estimate was in
seven or eight years. However that may be, we
all know that new appropriations will continually
follow those already made, and those new appro-
priations will increase in magnitude. It is there-
fore apparantthat the lands have ceased forever to
contribute to the Treasury of the United States;
that that time has arrived which General Jackson
thought it was desirable should come speedily,
when the Government of the United States should
cease to look to this resource for revenue. I be-,
lieve that time has come sooner than he ftntici.
