324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
pated. Now, I want lo make the most out of the
public lands for the common welfare of the United
States, that can be made in some other way; and,
in my judgment, the beat way is to use the avails
of them, or allow the States to use the avails of
them, for the purpose of constructing railroads and
canals, and establishing: institutions of learning. I
care not whether it be done by the United Suites,
or by the States severally; I am willing that the
States nearly concerned should have all that this
bill in its orginal shape proposes, and as much
more as this amendment will give them; and 1 an-
ticipate that at the expiration of this half century
it will be seen that this very policy, so much op-
posed—of appropriating public lands to the con-
struction of railroads—will be found to have been
of more beneficial and benign operation upon the
wealth and prosperity of the whole people, and
upon the bond of union itself, than the system
which has been pursued heretofore, beneficent as
I admit that that system has been. I am sure,
therefore, the honorable Senators who are-in favor
of the passage of the original bill will find it aided
by the amendment proposed; for there are many
in Congress who agree in the sentiments I have
■ expressed, and I think those sentiments are be-
coming common in some portions of the Union.
With regard to the merits of the improvement
specified in the amendment to the bill, it will cer-
tainly be one of vast importance in connecting
Louisville with St. Louis. It will be beneficent in
its operation to all the southern States, and espe-
cially to the city ot New Orleans.
In reply to my honorable friend from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Walker,] who seems to intimate that
the construction of railroads across the parallels of
latitude through the western and the southern
States will tend to revolutionize the commerce of the
country, I may say that I feel as deep an interest
in the stability of the present channels and courses
of commerce as any one, nevertl^less I am willing
to incur all the hazard of constructing the roads
now under consideration. I have found the more
roads and canals that were made in any part of
the United States, the more the whole country
prospered. You may make railroads anywhere,
they will practically "terminate in one centre, and
swell the wealth, the prosperity, and the advance-
ment of the great commercial metropolis of the
Union. Her position is assured. She knows no
fear, and indulges no jealousy.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Allusion has been made to
my own State, and information has *been given
that she will receive a part of this grant, and i
\herefore I desire to say a few words. This propo-
sition, it must be borne in mind, comes from Ken-
tuckv. The object is to run a toad across Indiana
and Illinois, from a point in Kentucky to a point
near St. Louis, in Missouri, and the building up
of a town at the termini, neither of which is in In-
diana or Illinois. You cannot connect these two
States, these two sections of country, without
running across Indiana and Illinois, and if a grant
is to be made for that purpose, it is hardly fair to
charge it as a gratuity to us, when in fact the
grant will be made to build up towns out of our
States, and for the benefit of towns in other
States. I go for it, however, not as a local
measure, not as a measure for the peculiar ben-
efit of my own State, but as a measure which
will advance the interests of the country. Public
lands will be increased in value, and the general
interest will be promoted. Upon that principle it
is that I will go for it. The lands through which
the road will run have been in the market for
forty years at $1 25 an acre, and you cannot sell
them. You might put them in the market at
seventy-five cents for forty years longer and not
sell them. But if you make this road they at
once become valuable, and you will sell the alter-
nate sections at double the price.
According to this bill, you are to receive for one
half the lands all you ask for the whole. You find
you can get no.thing for them as they now are; but
you will sell them for all you ask if this road be
made. It therefore is a measure to enable you to
sell the land, and put the money in the Treasury—
a measure for the benefit of the Treasury of the
United States, and for the benefit of all the States
of the Union. But my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Walker] says it will compel the settler to
pay $2 50 per acre, and extort so much from his
pocket. ISiow is that true? If you do not make
this grant, the lands will remain the property of
the Government, and the settler will not pay $ 1 25
! per acre. That is proved by forty years expe-
^ rience. But by making this giant of land, you
make the lands worth $5, $10, or §15 per acre,
and is it a great hardship to compel a man to pay
$2 50 an acre for that which is worth $5, $10, or
$15 ? It cannot be a hardship to increase the price
of the lands when you make them valuable, if you
give him an opportunity to purchase. It is that
privilege we wish to extend to him. I have yet
to learn that it is a greater hardship to pay §2 50
for land worth that sum, than it is to pay $1 25
for land not worth it. That is the simple proposi-
tion. So far as it regards my State, this is not a
measure that we would introduce for her benefit.
It will be of great advantage to general interests.
It is also true that it will have some local advan-
tage to my constituents, although in a small de-
gree, but it leads out of my State, and is designed to
operate to the benefit of Kentucky and Missouri.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the Senator did not
sit down with the conviction that he has entirely
triumphed in his reply to my objection. I do not
think I used the term " cruel" in what I said, but
I spoke of the fact that this whole policy is pur-
sued with the idea, and is sustained by the 'argu-
ment that benefit to the Government inures from
the sale at increased prices of the alternate sec-
tions. It is apparent that the alternate sections
are increased in price, and it is equally apparent
that the settler has to pay the increase of $1 25
per acre. I care not if the land is worth more.
That is not the question. The source whence you
get the money to pay for the creation of these
channels of commerce is the pocket of the poor
laboring producer. That cannot be denied. I
care not if the land be worth five, ten, or fifteen
dollars per acre. That is the fact which I put
prominently in opposition to this whole policy,
bo you resort to any other source to make up the
deficit to the Treasury of the United States? Do
not answer by saying you give increased value to
the land, for the land has not increased in quality
at all. It cannot be denied, then, that the pocket
of the producing settler supplies the deficiency,
and I believe lie is beginning to know it. Charm-
ing as these grants may seem; great as may be
the credit claimed for obtaining them, the whole
system is beginning to be appreciated. I have no
enmity to the State of Illinois. The Senator must
know that. I spent my earliest years and much
of my life there. Of her I have the kindest re-
membrances, and I would be happy to promote
her interests. But it seems to me we ought to re-
flect, and not act precipitately upon an amendment
so important. Other States have rights which
should not be disregarded. This is not a small
matter. The extent of the road which is to trav-
erse Illinois is, I believe, one hundred and sixty
miles from Vincennes to St. Louis. The distance
from Vincennes to Louisville maybe one hundred
and ten miles, and therefore there are about two
hundred and seventy miles through which it is pro-
posed to make a grant for the construction of this
railroad. I have no disposition to injure the in-
terests of Indiana; but, looking to it as a question
of justice, and looking also to another policy which
is proposed by the Committee on the Public
Lands—I mean the policy to equalize the grants to
he States—it would seem well to pause and reflect
before we consent to this measure. But if the
Senate is disposed to make the grant, be it so.
Mr. MANGUM. I have a very strong per-
sonal disposition to gratify my honorable friend
from Kentucky, but really I do not see how I. can
do it upon this occasion, unless by interfering with
the very benevolent purposes of the Senator from
Wisconsin, who has spread a drag-net to take in
the whole public land. I repeat that I do not see
how I am to gratify my friend from Kentucky.
His proposition will take away a portion of that
great domain which has to be so benevolently'be-
stowed. I believe the idea here yesterday was
that we can make no appropriation except to pay
debts. I have no objection to the original bill.
The truth is, I have no objection to the proposed
amendment, except so far as it will take some
things out of that drag-net which has been spread
by my honorable friend from Wisconsin. He is,
however, consistent, and there is a great virtue in
consistency amongst men; and I hope the Senate
will endeavor to aid him in carrying this principle
of consistency. Sir, my honorable friend from
Kentucky ought not to be. allowed to interfere;
yet, if he insists on it. I suppose I shall vo>e for
nis proposition.
The question then being taken, the yeas and
nays on the amendment resulted:
YF.A^Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Brad
bury, Cl^JUlarke, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Mas-iehu
setts, Dawson, Dayton, Dickm-on, Dodgs of Wi-eonsui,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Hwing, (ireene, Hale, .lone-.,
King, Manguin, Miller, Morton, Noma, I'earce, Hielps
I'ratt, Husk, Howard, Shields, Spruance, Underwoo I, lTp
ham, Wall's, Whiteomb, and Winthrop—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Holland. Butler,
Chase, Davis of Miississippi, Downs, Feleh, Foote, <;wm,
Hamlin, Hunter, Khett, Smith, SoulO Sturgeon, T'irnev,
Walker, and Yulee—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I would call the attention uf the
Senator to the fact that there are some discrepan-
cies between the amendment and the form which
the Senate has adopted in these bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was not sensible that
I had deviated from the practice of the Ss nate at
all. I thought I had conformed to it expressly.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, with
the amendment which had been adopted.
And the question was upon concurring with the
amendment made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FELCH. I move to amend that amend-
ment, in order to make it conform to similar bills
which have already passed the Senate. I propose
to strike out of the last section of the amendment
all after the words "Department at," and insert
"such price or prices as Congress may by law
direct;" so as to make the section read:
" Jlnd be it further ev acted, That the United States inrui
shall at all times be transported on said railroad, under the
direction of the Post Office Department, at such price or
prices as Congress may by law direct."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I perceive that there is also a
difference between the phraseology of the finit sec-
tion of the amendment and the phraseology which
has been adopted in other cases. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out its first section
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
" That there lie and hereby is granted to the States of In
diana and Illinoij, in aid of the-construction of a railroad
from Louisville, in the State of Kentucky, by New Albany,
in Indiana, and Mount Carinel, on the Wabash river, to
Alton, with a branch to a point on the Mississippi river op-
posite St. Louis, in Missouri, every alternate section of
land designated by even number*, for six sections m width
on each side of said road ; but m case it shall appear that
the United States have, when the line or route of said road
is definitely fixed by the authority aforesaid, sold any part
of any section hereby granted, or that the right of preemp-
tion haj attached to the same, then it shall be lawful for
any agent or agents, to be appointed by the Governors of
the States aforesaid, to select from the lands of the United
States most contiguous to the tier of sections above speci-
fied, so much land in alternate sections or parts cf sections
as shall be equal to such lands as the United States have
sold, or to which the right of preemption has attached aa
aforesaid; which lands being equal in quantity to one half
of six sections in width on each side of said road, the States
aforesaid shall have and hold to and for the use and purpose
aforesaid: Provided, That the lands to be so located shall
in no case be further than fifteen miles from the line of the
road : Provided, further, That the lands hereby granted
shall be applied in the construction of said road in quanti
ties corresponding with the grant for each of the aforesaid
States respectively, and shall be disposed of only as the
work progresses, and shall be applied to no other purpose
whatsoever."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment made in Committee of the
Whole as amended was concurred in.
Mr. NORRIS called for the yeas and nays on
the question of ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bor
land. Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Felcli,
Foote, Gwin, Jones, King, Mangum, Morton, Rusk, Sew
ard, Shields, Smith, Soule, Underwood, Whiteomb, and
Winthrop—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Chase, Dawson, Dayton,
Dickinson, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Miller, Norris, Phelps,
Pratt, Rhett, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Upham, Wales,
and Walker—19.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third tftne.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
This-day having been set apart for the consid-
eration of private bills, the Senate proceeded to
the consideration of the private bills on the calen-
dar.
PENSION FOR THE HEIRS OF JOHN CARR.
The first bill was one for the relief of Elizabeth
Jones, and the other children, if any, of John
