1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
upon the ease by the Department is, that since
Colonel Stone would not make his application
during his lifetime, therefore his heirs are disabled
from makinf any application at all1
Mr. DUNHAM. Such 1 know was the state-
ment contained u> the report that has been referred
uv, but that r*[x>rt was rejected in the Senate, and
was evidently a mistake. It was not intended to
appir to this rase in the sense- that because
Colonf! Stone did not apply in his lifetime, the
sum should not be paid.
Mr. M cLANK. 1 submit to the gentleman
that this is the very point at issue; that his heirs
have a right to claim this pension even if Colonel
Stone ilnl not apply for it.
Mr. Dr.NIlAM. My opinion is, tliat Colonel
Same  iw undoubtedly entitled to receive his pen-
sion from 1803, the time he applied, up to his
death. The controversy is not a!>out tliat. The
only dispute is in reference to that part of the claim
belonging to the interim between 1*79, when he re-
signed, and the time of his application. I do not
understand that there is any necessity whatever
for the passage of this hill for the purpose of grant -
ing the iwension from the time ot the application
until Colonel Stone's death, because his heirs can
at any time to the Department and demand it.
It is, 1 believe, a trilling amount at the most, for
I understand Colonel Stone died in 1804.
Mr. McLANE. If the gentleman thinks as he
has been arsiun^, let him propose to amend thfe
bill so as to grant the pension from 1803 till
Colonel St fine's death, instead of arguing in favor
of laving the bill on the table. The very argu-
ments the gentleman has used against the billmay
be u«ed m -support of it; because if Colonel Stone
was ■M'it'etl to the pension from the time of his
application his heirs have a right to receive it.
T ie ..-e st.'email defeats his own proposition; there
is no consistency in such a course of opposition,
and I hope mv friend from Indiana will appreciate
it. Instend of favoring a motion to lay the bill on
the ta'i'e, let him amend it in accordance with the
view he has expressed. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. DrxHVM] will see the consist-
ency of doinz so.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman, in my opin-
ion, is altogether mistaken. There is no necessity
to pass this bill for that part of the pension at all.
Colonel Stone die-l in 1904, and the sum claimed
is at best, therefore, a mere trifle. I am opposed
to this constant special legislation in cases where
the claimants mav go to the Pension Department
and get relief—it is altogether unnecessary. It is
setting quite too common a practice to come to
this House for a pension, a part of which is cor-
rwt and a part incorrect. A bill is passed, per-
haps, granting all that is asked, and the claimant
is thus enabled to get more than he could by ap-
plication to the Pension Department.
Let me put a rase. Here is a man who makes
application for an invalid pension at the Depart-
ment, which he finds hecan only get allowed from
the time that his proofs are completed. Perhaps
he was wounded ten or twelve years before that
time; and instead of going to the Department and
retting his pension for the time he can -claim it,
that is, from the time that his proofs were per-
fected, he comes to this House and presents a
• claim to"lus pension from the time that his dis-
ability commenced. Perhaps the bill is passed
and he gets the back pension, to which, under
the seneral law, he is not entitled. In all such
cases, a part of the claim is just, and a part un-
just; and the former portion the Department would
allow without any application being necessary to
Congress, and the latter should not be allowed at
all. In this case of Colonel Stone, the heirs should
if allowed the part which I conceive to be juKt; but
to obtain this no application is necessary here.
Mr. MILLSON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims that reported this
bill, it became my duty to examine this claim with
some care, and I wish to suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] as well astothegen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] that they
are discussing a question that does not properly
arise in this case.
Mr. SEDDON rose to a question of order. It
appeared that his colleague [Mr. Million] was
alHjiit to enter on a speech, and he would submit
to the Chair that he could only speak by way of
explanation.
The SPEAKER stated that the Chair had often
recently decided that gentlemen could only inter-
rupt each other for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 merely wish to make a brief
explanation. I wish to draw gentlemen's atten-
tion to the true question, which, as I conceive, is
involved in this case; and that is, that under the
resolutions of 1776, as modified by the resolutions
oC 1778, and under the act of 1803, neither the
original party nor the heira of the party could
have claimed the pension. That is the point to
which I wish to turn the attention of the gentle- 1
'nan. , . „ . , .
Mr. SEDDON. I wish very briefly indeed to
deal with this case as it is presented by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.] I hone the
House will bear with me, especially as I very
rarely intrude upon its attention, and particularly
in these matters of private claims. Hut inasmuch
as I am to some extent acquainted with the nature
of this claim, and as it appears to me undoubtedly
to be a just and valid one, I feel called upon to
present a few considerations to the House for the
purpose of sustaining it.
The whole matter"seems to me to lie in a very
narrow compass. Certainly, upon the views pre-
sented by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dun-
ham,] it appears that the services of Colonel Stone
are fully admitted. That he was wounded in bat-
tle, and in consequence resigned his position, are
also facts, clearly and distinctly admitted. His
title to the pension, under the resolution passed by
the Continental Congress in 1776, is also admitted;
and the only question at issue is as to the period
from which the pension shall commence. Now,
sir, whether this matter be regarded as a pension
law, or in the natnre of a contract, under the reso-
lutions of 1776, the pension must commence from
the-period when his pay as an officer ceased.
Mr. MILLSON. I would remind my colleague
that it is not under the act of 1776, but under that
of 1803, that the claim is presented.
Mr. SEDDON. Let us see whether this be cor-
rect or not. I have before me the resolution of
the Continental Congress of 1776. It is as fol-
lows:
"That every commissioned officer, non-commissioned
olicer, mnd private soldier in the Army, and every com-
mander, commission officer, warrant officer, marine or sea-
ud. tumuusma w
, of any of the ships of war or aruied vessels belonging
United States of America, who shall be wounded in
to the 
any engagement, so as to be rendered incapable of serving
in the Array or Navy, though not totally disabled from get- i
ting a livelihood, shall receive such monthly sum as shall
be judged adequate by the Assembly or other represeiAtivc
body of the State where he belongs or resides, upon appli-
cation to them for that purpose : Provided, The same doth
not exceed his half-pay."
Well, now, Mr. Speaker, if I understand the
position in which this case is presented, it is ad-
mitted that if this officer was disabled in battle he
was entitled to a pension to date from the time that
his pay as an officer ceased.
Mr. DUNHAM (interposing) here made some
remark which the Reporter was unable to hear.
Mr. SEDDON. That is precisely the point to
which I wish to bring the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dcnham] and my colleague, [Mr. Mili.son.]
I wish to show to the apprehensions of this House
that there was an equitable claim on the part of
Colonel Stone to this pension, and that the only
objections which can be here urged against it are
of a technical character, as to the nature of the
proof, which would constitute certainly an objec-
tion to the allowance of this claim before the ac-
counting officer, but which ought not to affect the
judgment of this House, entitled to act upon its
conviction of the facts of the case, without regard
to any technicalities of proof.
Now, what I want to force home upon thetnind
of this House is, that those facts, under the reso-
lution that has been read, entitled Colonel Stone to
demand this pension. AH those facts have been
made out to the satisfaction of committee after
committee of this House. They are made out so
clearly as to be admitted on this floor even by
my honorable colleague [Mr. Million] and the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.] Legal
proof cannot be afforded. A certificate in regard
to the character of the wound may not have been
presented, but all admit that the wound was in-
flicted in battle, and that that wound disabled a gal-
lant officer, and rendered him incapable of contin-
uing in the service of his country. I say, then,
that we, as a tribunal of equity and justice, entitled
to consider this question not on the mere requisi-
tion of technical proofs, but on satisfactory evi-
dence of the facts, are bound merely to decide
whether the case of Colonel Stone is not embraced
within the terms and meaning of the resolutions of
1776. Now, admitting the case of Colonel Stone
to come within the terms of this law; admitting it
to be proved to our satisfaction, if not technically
proved, that it comes within those terms, I ask,
does not the language of those resolutions require
that he shall receive his pension from rfie time
specified in the resolution ? Consider this a case
of pension law, and not as a contract. Take it as
a case of pension law, and it is not like other cases
of pension laws where, under the rules of the De-
partment, the pension is allowed merely from the
time when the papers were made out or the appli-
cation presented. This is not like the case of tnose
pension laws which give pensions in general indefi-
nite terms. It is a law prescribing the period
from which the pension shall commence; and if,
therefore, n pension is given under this law at all, it
must be given from the period prescribed in the law.
Now, take it, if you choose, as a pension law.
Discard altogether the idea of a contract existing
between this gallant officer and the Government
which he so faithfully served; discard, if you
choose, all considerations connected with his mer-
itorious services on the fields of the Revolution.
Take it as a pure simple matter of construction.
Here is a law giving a pension and prescribing the
exact period from which that pension shall com-
mence; and if you allow this pension at all, are
you not bound by the terms of the law to allow it
from the period prescribed by that law? But, sir,
I think that it would be an illiberal and too strict
view to consider this in the light of a mere pension.
It is to my mind something more. It comes to me
in the guise of plighted faith. It comes to me in
the guise of a solemn, honorary engagement upon
the part of the Continental Congress with the sol-
diers ana officers who were struggling in the cause
of their country's freedom. There were in those
days many discouragements to encounter, and
many causes of dismay, and there was reason that
there should be afforded to the struggling soldiers
something of encouragement and support under
the privations to which they were exposed, and
these resolutions were adopted not only for the
purpose of providing for soldiers retiring from the
service, but to induce others to remain faithful and
true to the cause of the States. There was, if 1
understand it, a stipi^^on upon the part of the
Continental CongreS^^at every commissioned
officer and every soldier who was wounded or dis-
abled in the service of his country should receive
this provision for his future support.
But, sir, in whatever light you may regard this
law, whether as simply a contract or as a pension
law, I hold that the fact of the honorary engage-
ment is precisely the same in every case where
a right under the law has accrued. Suppose that,
if after this officer had served his period of service
and had been wounded and disabled in battle, this
law had been repealed, it would have operated to
prevent any claims arising from subsequent inju-
ries or disability; but I submit it to every law-
yer and to every reasonable man, if disability
and injury previously received would not have
given him a vested right to claim this pension. Af-
ter the disability was incurred and the injury inflict-
ed, the law could not have been repealed in this case.
The law might have been repealed with reference
to cases that might arise hereafter, but it must
have continued in operation in all cases to which
it had applied—in all cases where the officer or
soldier was once entitled to claim his pension.
And, sir, if there was no legal engagement in
' this case, there was at least the plighted faith of
the Continental Congress to the soldiers and offi-
cers when they wished to encourage and retain
them in the service of the country.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate
the feelings which have prompted my colleague
[Mr. Seddon] to come forward in behalf of the
claimants on this occasion. 1 know he has taken
counsel from those generous sentiments that ani-
• mate him at all times, and that he has suffered
them in some degree to warp tliat judgment which
is usually so clear and so reliable. But, sir, I sus-
> pected when my colleague first rose to address the
1 House, that he had not given to this rase as full
an examination as it was perhaps^ entitled to, and
without meaning any sort of disparagement to
, him, I will say that, the observations which fell
[) from him confirmed me in that opinion.
