332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
meot, loss, or destruction shall be suffered by sev-
eral freighters or owners of goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, or any property whatever, on the same
voyage, and the whole value of the ship or vessel,
and her freight for the voyage, shall not be suffi-
cient to make compensation to each of them, they
shall receive compensation from the owner or
owners uf the ship or vessel in proportion to their
respective losses; and for that purpose the freight-
ers and owners of the property, and the owner or
owuers of the ship or vessel, or any of them, may
take the appropriate proceedings in any court, for
the purpose of apportioning the sum for which the
owner or owners of any ship or vessel may be lia-
ble amongst the parties entitled thereto. And it
shall be deemed a sufficient compliance with the
requirements of this act, on the part of such owner
or owners, if he or they shall transfer his or their
interest in such vessel and freight, for the benefit
of such claimants, to a trustee, to be appointed by
any court of competent jurisdiction, to act as such
trustee for the person or persons who may prove
to be legally entitled thereto; from and after which
transfer, all claims and proceedings against the
owner or owners shall cease. The charterer or
charterers, in case he or they shall man, victual,
and navigate such vessel at his or their own ex-
pense, or by his or their own procurement, shall
be deemed the owner or owners of the vessel, within
the meaning of this act. It also provides that this
act shall not be construed to take away or affect the
remedy to which any party may be entitled, against
the master, officers, or marines, for or on account
of any embezzlement, injury, loss, or destruction
of goods, wares, merchandise, or other property,
put on board any ship or vessel, or on account of
any negligence, fraud, or other malversation of
such master, officers, or mariners, respectively,
nor shall anything therein contained lessen or take
away any responsibility to which any master or
mariner of any ship or vessel may now by law be
liable, notwithstanding such master or mariner
may be an owner or part owner of the ship or
vessel. And any person or persons shipping oil
of vitriol, unslaked lime, inflammable matches, or
gunpowder, in a ship or vessel taking cargo for
divers persons on freight, without delivering, at the
time of shipment, a note in writing, expressing
the nature and character of such merchandise, to
the master, mate, officer, or person in charge of the
lading of the ship or vessel Jriall forfeit to the Uni-
ted States $1,000. The pulsions of the bill are I
not to apply to the owner oWwners of any canal j
boat, nor to the owner or owners of any lighter :
or lighters employed in discharging ana loading ^
vessels, or in transporting goods or other property
inland from place to place.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say to the Senator
from Maine that this bill proposes an extensive and
important change in regard to the liabilities of ship-
owners and masters of vessels. It can hardly be
expected that a bill of such importance can be acted
on now. I presume the Senate is not prepared to
vote for or against it, because, although it may be
all very right, yet it requires a serious examina-
tion and consideration. I hope that the Senator
will have no objection to the bill being laid on the
table for the present.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not suppose that the bill
would receive final action this morning, but I
wished to call the attention of the Senate "to it. I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to a sin-
gular point. This bill is predicated on what is
now the English law, and it is deemed advisable
by the Committee on Commerce that the American
marine should stand at home and abroad as well
as the English marine. Senators who may be dis-
posed to look into the provisions of the English
law, will find in the ninth, sixteenth, and thirtieth
volumes of the English statutes the very principle
contained in this bill. When the bill shall come
up for discussion, I shall be ready to offer such
suggestions as force themselves upon my mind, to
show the necessity and propriety of this measure.
Mr. HALE. I have looked at this bill and ex-
amined it, and it will be found that it cuts up the
whole common law in regard to common carriers
in this country. I will not say that it is not right;
but I think a bill making such fundamental changes
in the common law ought to have the sanction of
the Judicial Committee. I wish to make a single
remark, though I do not wish to be understood as
against the bill. I have examined it and the Eng-
lish statutes, and, as has been suggested, the bill
is an abstract of the English law in regard to this
subject. 1 remember a few months since to have
heard one of the most eminent lawyers—I refer to
a gentleman who occupies the seat lately occupied
by Justice Story at the law school at Cambridge—
remark that the judges of England had expressed
great regret that their cou rts and their legislation had
departed so far from the rules of the common law
in regard to common carriers, and that the course
of their decision and their legislation latterly was
back to the old provisions of the common law. If
that experiment has been tried in England and has
failed, and they are now retracing their steps, it
seems to me that before we adopt the old system
of England, the matter ought to be examined by
the legal committee of the Senate. I therefore
move that this bill be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMLIN. A single word in reply to
what has fallen from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. I have the ipse dixit of no judge in any
court to offer in favor of the provisions of this bill.
I am inclined to believe that our intelligent mer-
chants and commercial men in this country under-
stand quite as well what are the true wants and
interests of commerce as any judicial officer in
this country. I would rely on those men who are
practical merchants, and who are engaged practi-
cally in commerce, for better information on this
point than you can get from any of your judicial
tribunals. Besides, this bill conforms to what is
the law of England. I hold that it is a consider-
ation which "must not be forgotten or winked out
of sight, that while a great commercial power of
the world has taken these liabilities from her com-
merce, our commerce stands in the courts of the
world upon a foundation different from hers. And
it is not enough to say, without quoting any au-
thorities, that her judges have supposed that a
departure from the common law in this respect has
been wrong. I know it has been said that the
common law is common sense. But in the appli-
cation of the principles of the common law to
common carriers, I think I can show that it is non-
sense. I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate. They can, if they wish, refer this matter
to the Judicial Committee.
Mr. BUTLER. If this bill had not come from
a respectable committee I would not object to its
being referred to the Judiciary Committee. I take
it for granted tliat the gentlemen on the Commit-
tee of Commerce understand this matter. It is 1
the duty of the Judiciary Committee, who may
perhaps have been selected o,i account of legal
attainments, to give their attention to such matters
as may be referred to them; but as this matter
has already been examined by a committee fully
competent to examine and decide upon it, I do not
see the necessity for referring it from one commit-
tee to another.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion to refer.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the bill be laid on
the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was or-
dered to lie on the table.
PATENT LAWS.
On the motion of Mr. TURNEY, the bill to
amend an act to promote the progress of the use-
ful arts, was mode a special order for Monday
next.
CAYUSE WAR IN OREGON.
! On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill to pay the expenses of the Cfiyuse war,
in the Territory of Oregon, in 1847 and 1848.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to audit and settle the expenses of
the war carried on by the provisional government
of Oregon against the Cayuse Indians, in the vear3
1847, and 1848, upon the presentation by the "Gov-
ernor of that Territory of a detailed statement of
the expenses of the war, properly authenticated,
■ with trie proper vouchers for the same; and the
j sum of $190,000 is thereby appropriated to carry
the provisions of the act into effect.
Mr. DOtTGLAS. A few words of explanation
may perhaps be required in regard to the bill, and
then I think there will be no doubt in the mind of
any Senator as to the propriety of the payment
therein provided for. fn the Summer of 1847
there were Indian disturbances by various tribes
in Oregon, and depredations were committed by
the Cayuse tribe of Indians upon the white settlers.
  Jan. 25,
[in December of that year this tribe commenced
1 actual open hostilities against the whites, and
news was received at the se .t of government of
that Territory that they were mai^hing in force
upon the missionary establishment ;:nd other set-
tlements at the Dalles, and that they had then ac-
tually murdered eleven citizens of Oregon, and
seized and carried into captivity between^fifty and
sixty women and children. The provisional gov-
ernment immediately sent troops, raised on°the
spur ot the moment, to reach the mission at the
Dalles before the Indians should get jiosfessinn of
it. In less than twenty-four hours a company of
fifty men was under march, and they arm ed "just
in time to save the mission. The Indians soon
made their appearance in force, compelled these
troops to retire into a little fort, and then drove off
four or five hundred head of cattle and other prop-
erty surrounding the mission. These fifty men
succeeded in holding possession of the establish-
ment until reinforcements came to their relief.
The provisional government immediately raised a
force of five hundred men, and sent them to the
relief of the establishment at the Dalles, under the
command of General Gillim, who was then post
office agent of the Government of the United States
in the Territory of Oregon. These troops were
raised by the authority of the provisional govern-
ment of Oregon, under a law passed by theLegis-
, lature, that body being then in session. They
were regularly organized, as much so as any mili-
tia establishment of any State in the Union, and
commissary and quartermaster generals were ap-
pointed. The provisional government was with-
out money. They had not the means of carrying
on a war even of self-defence. They immediately
started a messenger across the mountains to reach
the Government here, and lav the case before the
President. He came through in the Winter, and
arrived in the Spring. In the mean time the pro-
' visional government raised five hundred men, and
opened subscriptions for the reception of money
and provisions to sustain their troops in the field.
They applied to the Hudson's Bay Company for
a loan of money and goods for them, but that com-
pany refused to advance money, or provisions, or
clothing, unless certain individuals, who were
known to be men of wealth, would become re-
sponsible in their private and individual capacity
for the repayment. Accordingly, General Gillim,
Quartermaster General Palmer, Governor Aber-
nethy, Colonel Lee, and a large number of other
gentlemen, became responsible by giving their
notes to the Hudson'sBay Company for the goods
that were advanced to sustain the men, and for
powder, lead, and other ammunition. These notes,
l am informed, run as high in some cases as five
thousand dollars each. This army, thus equipped,
marched and took possession of the Dalles,"and
relieved the small force there. Several battles were
fought by them with the Indians. The Cayuse
tribe in the mean time had made alliances with
other tribes, and had a forceof eight hundred war-
riors in the field; battles were fought at Wallawalla
and at other places in the Indian country. The
Indians were driven from one point to another,
and the war was protracted for several months.
Their women, and children, and property, had
been sent to the mountains, and were safe, while
the warriors were carrying on these hostilities.
After several months the troops succeeded in sub-
duing the Indians.
And here I should remark that the provisional
government, at the time this army started, sent
i three commissioners with it to make a treaty of
peace with the Indian tribes, as soon as they could
be induced to do so. They succeeded in making
a peace with the Nes Perces, the Wallawallas,
and other tribes of Indians, and finally with a por-
J tion of the Cayuse tribe, which had commenced
; the war. At the end of about six months peace
; was entirely restored. Here I must remark that
| regular accounts were kept of all the money, pro-
| visions, and clothing advanced by the Hudson's
I Bay Company and private individuals. Regular
i muster rolls were kept, showing the number of
; men in service, the date of their entry, and the
I date of their discharge. Regular accounts and
! vouchers were preserved, showing every dollar of
| expenditure of money, and to whom and for what
j purpose'; and these accounts were all returned to
j and audited by the provisional government of Ore-
I gon. They also rescued from the Indians horses
' and other property belonging to the Indians, and
