1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
who have married since. Now, sir, I was here
when the first departure was made, when wetook
the first step in going away from the widowswho
were revolutionary widows—those who were the
wives of officers or soldiers during the time of the
Revolution, and who shared with their husbands,
within their appropriate spheres, all that fell upon
the household in consequence of revolution; those
that took care of the house while the husband was
away,those who had their anxieties and theirsor-
rows." And as far as that went, I went cheerfully
along in giving a pension to the widow of the re-
volutionary officer or soldier, of her who was his
wife duringthe Revolution. I was utterly opposed
to extending it to those who have been married
since, and I know no principle upon which they
could be introduced, none at all. I was against
the original principle, and I am against its exten-
sion ; and as to the hardship of persons being cut
off if the husband dies the day aher this limitation
takes effect, it applies to all limitations. If you
take the day of judgment as a day of limitation,
those who die the day after will be cut off. So
that the argument on that ground fails.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I am
thankful to the gentleman from Missouri for the
remarks which he has just made. It gives me a
little hope that there may be, some day or other,
an end of placing one half the community as pen-
sioners to live on the labor and exertions of the
other half. I cannot consent to make one portion
of the people pay taxes to be dispensed by Con-
gress as gratuities for the support of another por-
tion. I am and always have been against that. I
rise to call the attention of the Senate, very Itfjf&y,
to this matter of granting pensions, and to^ffiow
its progress from the commencement of the Gov-
ernment. It seems to me it will be worthy of the
attention of the Senate to look a little into its his-
tory. When our revolutionary fathers granted
pensions, and when the early Congresses of the
United States provided pensions, it was done in
behalf of those who were disabled by wounds re-
ceived in the actual service of the country during
the revolutionary war. This will be found on
reference to the statute book. I will give to the
Senate a sketch of the legislation of the country
upon this subject. The first act ever passed by
the Congress of the United States, under the pres-
ent Constitution, was approved in September,1789. i
That act provides that military pensions granted !
and paid by the States in pursuance of the acts of 1
Congress of the United States, (alluding to the old
Continental Congress,) to the invalids wounded
and disabled during the late war, shall be continued
and paid by the United States for one year. The
second act of Congress, on this subject, was passed
in July, 1790. It provides that the pensioners, i
according to the resolution of the Continental Con-
gress, provided for by the act of 1789, should be
paid by the United States for a year longer. This
act, like the first, only provided for those wounded
and disabled during the late war. In March, 1792,
Congress passed an act for placing on the pension
roll "officers, soldiers, and seamen, who, during
the late war, were disabled in the actual service of
the United States, by wounds, or other known
cause." Mark now, sir, this legislative history.
The two first acts assumed the payment of those
who were placed on the pension fist by the several
States, in pursuance of the resolves of the Conti-
nental Congress, excluding all except such as were
" wounded and disabled" during the war of the
Revolution. But this third act provided pensions
for persons who were disabled " in the actual ser-
vice of the United States by wounds or other known
cause." Here we have the introduction of the
disjunctive conjunction for the first time. The
change of phraseology soon told upon an exhausted
treasury. The act of 1792, by not confining the
granting of pensions to those who received wounds,
swelled the pension list so rapidly that it was ne-
cessary to-pass a restrictive act; which was done
in February, 1793. This act, by way of pream-
ble, stated that the act of 1792 had been "found
by experience inadequate to prevent the admission
of improper claims to invalid pensions, and not to
contain a suffieientfacility forthe allowance of such
as might be well founded." The reason why it
did not prevent the admission of improper claims,
on the basis on which such claims were admitted,
may be found in the use of the alternative expres-
sion " wounds or other known cause."
The act of 1793 applied the remedy by repealing j
the act of 1792, and prescribing new rules which
should be observed in placing officers and soldiers
of the Revolution on the pension list. Of the seven
rules prescribed for the government of the courts
and judges, the second was in these words: "The
' evidence relative to any claimant must prove de-
' cisive disability to have been the effect of known
' wounds received while in the actual line of his
' duty in the service of the United States during
•thelate war."
It provided also that this evidence should be the
affidavits of the commanding officer or surgeon of
the ship, regiment, corps, or company in which
such claimant served, or two other credible wit-
nesses to the same effect, setting forth the time and
place of such known wounds. Thus military and
naval pensions, by the act of 1793, for revolution-
ary services, were expressly confined to disabili-
ties resulting from known wounds received while
in the actual line of duty.
It was necessary to pass this law in consequence
of the disjunctive conjunction or, introduced into
the act of "92, and thus Congress got back to pen-
sions for wounds, and for nothing but wounds. I
have now given the act of 1793. I have given the
rule prescribed by that act, and have shown that
the object of that ^ was, to prevent a latitudin-
ous construction Iw the act of 1792, by which
every one was placed on the public Treasury as a
pensioner, who was disabled from any cause what-
ever while in the military service of the United
States.
I will not detain the Senate by reciting the pro-
visions of the acts of 1803, 1806, 1812, 1818, and
1822, which continued in full force the rule pre-
scribed by the act of 1793, down until 1828. Let
it not be forgotten that the rule requiring the evi-
dence to establish disability from a known wound
received in the line of actual duty, was continued
in force down until 1828. Thus it appears that
for more than thirty years of the legislative his-
tory of this country, including the officers and sol- '
diers of the war of 1812, as well as those of the
war of the Revolution, pensions were limited to j
those whose disabilities resulted from known '
wounds received in the line of duty while in the [
service of the United States. Since that time a '
change has come owr us, and now we have retro-
graded and got back to the repudiated and con-
demned legislation of the act of 1792. The spirit
which now influences our legislation gives pen-
sions for any disability, whether it results from
sickness contracted in the service of the United
States, or from any cause whatever. Cold, rheu-
matism, gout, toothache, anything, if it can be
made the probable cause of disability, is now '
deemed sufficient, either by general or special le-
gislation, to provide a permanent livelihood for the
person afflicted, or his family, out of the Treas- '
ury of the United States. J
When the officer or soldier dies, the best legacy i
he can leave his family, if our pension system is
to go on enlarging and extending as it has done,
will be the ability to prove that his death was the
result of sortie chill or fever or pestilence which
attacked him while in the servvet of the country.
Whether the disease proved fatal and destroyed
life in a week, a year, or twenty years after the
first attack, will make no difference. And thus, i
sir, under our modern practice, we are legislating
to provide for a favored class, when death strikes
his fatal blow, in any of the ten thousand differ-
ent ways by which all of our lives sooner or later
must be terminated. I am for limiting these gra-
tuities to cases where the disability or death is the
unmistakable consequence of known wounds in-
flicted by human hands, the open public enemy,
believing that our attempts to provide for the in-
scrQtable dealings of the great destroyer of our
decaying nature are marked by partiality and in-
justice. Our latitudinous practice in respect to
pensions has fully developed itself since 1828, up |
to which time the provisions of the act of 1793
were in substance continued in full force. j
The pension law of April, 1806, retaining the [
rule of the act of 1793, as applied to officers and 1
soldiers of the Revolution, was expressly adopted ,
by an act of the 2d August, 1813, and appliea to I
the militia and volunteer* engaged in the war of
1812. Thus it will be perceived that the old revo- j
lutionary principle was carried through the war of
1812, sometimes called " the second war of inde-
pendence." The whole militanr pension system
up to and during the war of 1812, was based upon j
| the wounds received in the line of duty, and not
| disability resulting from disease and sickness con-
I tracted while in the service. This revolutionary
principle was carried through the Indian wars
< which we have had in this country, and by which
that fertile region which I represent was conquered
and acquired. But in these modern times we have
extended these pensions in the manner which the
gentleman from Missouri has described, and for
which I most cordially thank him. This exten-
sion was wrong. It is wrong now, and Congress
ought to look into the matter, and begin to rectify
this great wrong by retracing our steps.
If you look at the estimates of the Treasury
Department, you will find that one million three
hundred and eighty thousand dollars are wanted
for the purpose of meeting pension claims for the
fiscal year ending30th June, 1851, and that nearly
double, or $2,645,900, are estimated as necessary
for the year ending June 30, 1852.
Sir, I most heartily concur in the passage of
those laws which gave pensions to the old revolu-
tionary soldiers, and their wives, who, as the gen-
tleman from Missouri has said, staid at home and
took care of the children and milked the cows,
while their fathers and husbands were fighting the
battles of the country. I concur heartily in uiose
laws which granted pensions to the revolutionary
1 soMiers, because of the difficulties which they had
to encounter, and because of the fact that they
were but half paid, and that too in depreciated
!; currency. Beginning the war as rebels, and con-
tending as they did with nakedness and starvation,
their case constitutes an exception.
But how does this revolutionary pension sys-
tem apply to the armies of the Republic in modern
times, when every man who enters the service is
paid punctually, according to the contract, to the
! last cent? It is an abuse of the principle applica-
, ble to our revolutionary fathers, under the peculiar
circumstances in which they were placed, to ex-
tend it to troops well paid, clothed, and fed. So
far as disabilities result from wounds, they should
fare alike. But there the analogy ends.
I wfah now to say something in relation to the
system of pensioning women and children, and
j perhaps in-relation to the system of naval pen-
sions. In June, 1794, it was enacted " that if any
'commissioned officer in the troops of the United
'States shall, while in the service of the United
'States, die by reason of wounds received in ac-
•tual service, and shall leave a widow, or if no
'widow, shall leave a child or children under the
'age of sixteen years, such widow, or if no wid-
' ow, such child or children under the age of six-
'teen years, shall be entitled to receive the half of
'the monthly pay to which the deceased was en-
'titled at the time of his death, for and during the
'term of five^ars."
There is thCToundation of the system of grant-
ing pensions to widows and children; and its lim-
itation at the time it was enacted, in 1794, was,
that it should be in behalf of the officer who died
of wounds received in the line of his duty, and
while he was in the service; and under that limit-
ation the widow or the infant children under six-
teen years of age were to have a pension for five
years, and that only for the half of the pay which
the dead officer would have been entitled to had he
lived. What was the object of that law ? It was
to make a temporary provision for the widow and
infant children under sixteen years of age for a
limited period of time, until some arrangement
could be made by them or their friends to provide
for their support. This law, thus limited, was
not changed, I believe, until 1819. I will not oc-
cupy the time of the Senate by.reading the act of
1819. Then there was no change in the principle
of the previous act, but it was a renewal of these
pensions for five years more, making ten years;
thus adding on five years to five years.
Thus the first changes that took place did not
relate to the enlargement of the grounds upon
which pensions were to be granted, but added on
five years to five years. That, I believe, speaking
from memory, was done in 1819. So that here,
again, we have more than thirty years' practice
of the Government, embracing both the wars with
Great Britain, showing that tnese pensions in be-
half of widows and children were limited to spe-
cified cases, where the father or husband had lost
his life in consequence of wounds received. But
what a change has since taken place! It is need-
i less to give act after act, both public and private;
