336
THE CONGRESSIONAL (GLOBE.
Jan. 27.
but it is known that we departed from the original 1
foundation of this system. We have departed
from the principle that pensions should be grunted
to widows and orphans in cases of the death of
their natural protectors by wounds only; and now
every species of sickness which can carry off a
human being entitles his widow and children to a
pension, if it can be said it was contracted in the
service; and, instead of Igniting the continuance
of the pension to five years, as we did from the
origin of the Government up to 1819, we have re-
newed them five years after five years, until it has
become a permanent system, and all those persons
intended in the beginning to be temporarily provi-
ded for, in the end are put upon the Treasury for
life.
I know that the Army and the Navy are popu-
lar. 1 know that everything which goes to elevate
still higher a populararm of the public service runs
through both branches of Congress with a Niagara
current. Nothing can stop or resist it. If I was
a candidate for the Presidency, possibly I might
not make the speech that I am now making—but
I expect to belong soon to the tax-paying portion
of this country, that have to meet the burdens of
the Government, who foot your bills, who provide
the sinews of war, and support the establishments
of peace by filling yeur coffers. I want that sys-
tem in this country which no tax-payer ought to
regret or resist. 1 wish every citizen to be able
to put his hand on his heart and say he cordially
approves of the expenditures of the Government.
1 cannot approve that system of things which is
to go on enlarging the classes and numbers of pen-
sioners until millions of dollars from the Treasury
are annually required to pay them. Sir, we should
remember there are tax-paying widows and or-
phans who need the care of Government as well
as the widows and orphans of deceased officers
and soldiers. I will not burden one set for the
benefit of another, unless required by the clearest
principles of policy and justice.
I wish to  say a few words now in relation to
naval pensions. In July, 1797, Congress passed
a bill providing a naval armament. The eleventh
section of that hill declares that when .any officer,
marine, or seaman of the Navy should "be
wounded or disabled" while in the line of his duty,
he should be placed upon the list of invalids at
such a rate of pay, and under such regulations as
should be directed by the President of the United
States. In my opinion this act in reference to the
naval branch of the service ought to have received,
and for aught I know did receive, the same con-
struction which the act of 1793 received, limiting
military pensions to cases of disability resulting
from " known wounds." But in the progress of
the legislation in reference to the nural branch of
the public service, I am sorry to^nd that words
have been introduced which would allow a more
latitudinous construction.
The act of the 2d March, 1799, for the govern-
ment of the Navy provides that " every officer,
seaman, alid marine disabled in the line of his duty
shall be entitled to receive for his own life and the
life of his wife, if a married man, one half his
monthly pay at the time of his receiving the
wound." This act shows, from the flse of the ex-
pression " one half his monthly pay at the time of
his receiving the wound," that Congress only in-
tended to grant pensions to widows whose hus-
bands lost their lives in consequence of wounds re-
ceived. Wives are mentioned in reference to these
pensions for the first time in this act of 1799. As
the half pay of the officer, seaman, or marine, at the
time the wound was received, was to be allowed
the widow, it is clear that the construction of this
naval pension act ought to have been the same
that was given to the military act of 1793.
But, by the act of April, 1800, for the better
government of the Nary of the United States, it
was provided that " every officer, seaman, or ma-
rine, disabled in the line of his duty, shall be en-
titled to receive, for life or during his disability, a
pension not exceeding one half his monthly pay."
That act makes no mention of the " wife. " Why
that act should have departed from the original acts
in regard to naval pensions, passed only a year or
two before; why it should have departed from the
acts granting military pensions; why it should
have given pensions to " officers," " sailors," and
" marines," disabled in the line of duty, without
saying anything of wounds or the cause of the dis-
ability, are matters which I cannot account for at
this late day. Fifly years have passed since the
act of 1800 took effect. Whatever its practical
construction may have been, its language is broad
enough to allow a pension foranydisabihty, wheth-
er resulting from disease or wounds.
In June, 1812, at the commencement of the sec-
ond war with Great Britain, an act was passed
providing that two per cent, upon the prizes which
might be captured by the navvof the United States,
ana the privateers of the United States at sea,
should constitute a fund which wfls to be devoted
to the maintenance of the widows and orphans of
those who might be slain, and the support of those
who might be wounded end disabled in engage-
ments with the enemy. That act pf 1812 is the
foundation of the naval pension fund in behalf of
widows and orphans. They were put upon the
pension list for five years, I believe, and were paid
out of the naval pension fund. That was the com-
mencement of it. It went on until the naval pen-
sion fund was exhausted. In the origin it was a
retention of prize money that properly belonged to
the crew. The Government only undertook to
administer the amount retained for the benefit of
those, the widows and orphans, to whom it origi-
nally properly belonged. Whenever the prize
money was exhausted the Gc^)nment had fulfilled
its engagement, and was no longer bound to pay the
pensions granted to widows and children, in conse-
quence of retaining two per cent, of the prize
money. But the pensions did not terminate with
the exhaustion of the fund. These people, having
been put upon the pension list, have been contin-
ued, I believe, as pensioners ever since.
I have now given the history of these things in
their origin. I have" narrated the earlier and I think
the better practice of the Government, beginning
I at a time when it was poor, and I would add when
it was pure. I do not wish in that expression to lay
the foundation for an implication that the enlarge-
ment of our pension system, until its greedy calls
amount to millions per annum, has been the work
of political corruption. But I believe history will
justify me in saying that those Governments which
are poor and pinched for means, are generally
honest, come up to the standard of justice, and
seldom go beyond it; while Qovernments that are
' rich and powerful, as ours now is, are always in
danger of indulging extravagant expenditures, de-
, moralizing in their tendency. While, therefore,
I will not denounce the extent to which our pen-
| sion system has been carried as corrupt, yet I will
| say that, in my humble judgment, it has gone be-
| yond everything like propriety; it has gone so far
\ as to come up to what may be considered injustice
to those who bear the burden. I have already
| stated the danger of placing one portion of the
community upon the Treasury to feast at the ex-
; pense of the remainder.
I Mr. President, I feel as much for women and
, children as most men, and I know I have as much
cause to be partial to them as any other man.
My opposition to this enlargement of the pension
system does not proceed from any hostile feeling
to them, or from any want of sympathy for those
who have lost their gallant protectors at sea or
upon the land. But I act upon a principle; I act
upon a principle which I think applicable to the
condition of things in this country—in every re-
j public—and that is, to restrict and oppose every-
j tfiing like sinecures, everything like the issuing of
gratuities in behalf of everybody and anybody.
When you promise pensions to induce enlistments
in the army and navy—they are not necessary to
stimulate tne soldier or sailor in battle to personal
exposure and heroic deeds, for he is there actuated
by higher and nobler impulses—fulfill your con-
tracts. It is good policy to provide for those dis-
abled by wounds. I am willing to make and
carry out that bargain, but there I wish to stop.
, I do not think that this Government ought to be
made, as it has been termed on this floor, an elee-
mosynary concern for the granting of alms to
every individual who may have rendered meri-
torious services, and who thereafter may be re-
( duced to want, or to their families after they are
i dead. If poverty exists, if penury exists, we
must, in my opinion, turn it over to the States of
this Confederacy. This is not the Government to
Attend to things of that sort. • Let us pass wise
prospective pension laws, and then adhere to
them. What our revolutionary fathers granted,
the rule that they prescribed, I am willing to live |
up to and abide by. Further than that 1 am un- |
willing to go. To come to their standard we
must curtail and retrench, instead of enlarge and
amplify. I shall therefore vote against the reso-
lution.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to lay the resolution on
the table, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was ordered to lie on the table.
CASE OF CHARLOTTE LYNCH.
Mr. BERRIEN. With the permission of the
Senator from California, I move that the Senate
take up the bill for the relief of Charlotte Lynch,
which has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives with an amendment.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill. That amendment was
to add at the end of the bill the words " without
interest, any law to the contrary notwithstand-
ing," which will have the effect of not allowing in-
terest on the claim.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate con-
curred in the amendment.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 27, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal ofiSaturday was read and approved.
CONOTRUCTION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. HARALSON said: I ask, Mr. Speaker,
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a joint resolution for the purpose of giving a proper
construction to the bounty land act of last year, so
that that act shall include all officers and soldiers
who were engaged in the military service of the
country for three months, and who served the
time required by law. And if it is in order, I
should also like to speak in reference to this reso-
lution, as I have been requested to do by the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] near me.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done with
the unanimous consent of the House.
] The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of ^America in Congress assembled,
That nothing in the first section of the act of the 28th Sep-
tember, 1850, granting bounty land to certain officer!? and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military service ot
the United States, shall be so construed as to exclude any
commissioned or non-commissioned officer, musician, or
private, whether of regulars, volunteers, rangers, or militia,
who was mustered into the service of the United States
and served the length of time required by said act.
1 Mr. HARALSON. I trust the House will
1 permit me very briefly to explain the objects of
the resolution, and the reasons for its proposal,
and I hope the House will then be willing to allow
me to introduce it.
In reference to the first clause of the act of 1850,
the Secretary of the Interior has felt himself con-
strained to put such a construction upon that act
as to exclude many officers and soldiers who have
been regularly mustered into the service of the
United States, and actually served the length oftime
required of them by the act of 28th September,
1850. There are soldiers who were regularly
mustered into the service, and officered by the
United States, who have served three months, and
who, because they were not engaged in actual
hostilities, in bloodshed, are not entitled, under the
construction given to the act by the Secretary of
the Interior, to the benefit of the act. The Secre-
tary of the Interior admits, that there are many,
both of officers and soldiers, who have been thus
regularly mustered into the service of the United
! States, and whose claims for bounty land he thinks
; come within the equity of the law, but which, un-
der the construction he feels himself bound to put
upon the law, are excluded from its benefits. That •
construction requires that they shall have been
actually engaged in some war of hostility, and
without being originally intended to be excluded,
they are, as the law stands, debarred from par-
ticipating in the benefits of the law of last year
granting bounty land to officers and soldiers en-
gaged in the military service of the United States.
Now, it is the object of the resolution that I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce,
to render all officers, soldiers, &c., who have actu-
