THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.-
-TERMS |
^1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 29,
1851.
New Semes....No. 22.
ally been engaged in the service of the United
States, and who have served the time required by
the law, the bounties it was, I believe, originally
intended to confer upon them by the act of 1850.
I could give instances, Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BURT. Will the gentleman from Georgia
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARALSON. Certainly.
Mr. BURT. I desire to inquire of the gentle-
man from'Georgia, whether the terms of his reso-
lution would not give bounties to volunteers who
were mustered into the service of the United
States, but who were never sent into the field?
Mr. HARALSON. No, sir. The resolution
specifically states, that the soldier must have served
the length of time required in said act, (act of 28th
September, 1850.)
Mr. BURT. I think the gentleman does not
understand my question. Suppose they should
have served the length of time for which they vol- ,
unteered or were enlisted, and had been discharged
at the close of the war, but had never actually
been in the war. Some of the volunteers, as the
gentleman from Georgia knows, were stationed at
posts in the United Suites, and never were in the
war at all. What I ask is, whether these cases
might not be embraced by this resolution ?
Mr. HARALSON. I do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the gentle-
man from Georgia will allow me, 1 will state that
that is the case now under the decision of the De-
partment.
Mr. HARALSON. What is ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Those soldiers who were
stationed at forts in Che United States, and never
were in actual battle or at the seat of war, are
.entitled to bounty land under the decision of the
Department.
Mr. HARALSON. That is the case where
there was actually existing war, bloodshed, and
hostilities; but the resolution which I have the
honor to submit is intended for the benefit of those j
men who underwent all the privations of the sol-
dier, who left their families, were regularly mus-
tered into the service, and served for the length of
time required by the act, but who are excluded
because it was not a tear. I will read the lan-
guage of the law in order that the House may
properly understand the matter. It is as follows:
"Tl>*t each of the surviving, or the widow or minor
children of deceased, commissioned or non-conuniwioned
officers, musicians or privates, whether of regulars, volun-
teers, rangers, or militia, who performed service in any
regiment, company, or detachment in tile service of the .
United States,in thetcar with Great Britain,declared by the i
United States on the 18tb of June, 1812, or in any of the
Indian wars since 1790, and each of the commissioned
officers who was engaged in the military service of the
United States in the late war with Mexico, shall be entitled
to land as follows: those who engaged to serve twelve
months or during the war." •
Now the Secretary of the Interior requires that
it shall have been a war of,hostility. That is the
construction which he puts upon the language of
the law. Now I hold that whenever a soldier has
given his assent to go into the military service of
the United States, and has been mustered inter the
service, and has served the length of time required,
whether it be a war of actual hostilities, or where
- hostilities are prevented, as it is a military service,
he is entitled to the benefit of the law. Such is
-the condition of those who were in the service of
the United States removing the Cherokees, and it
is to give the law this construction that I have in-
troduced this resolution.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. I rise to a point
of order. I ask if it is in order to debate the reso-
lution? I object to the gentleman proceeding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
is proceeding by the unanimous consent of the
House. If objection is made he cannot proceed.
Mr. HARALSON. I will not detain the House
knur.
The
Fhe SPEAKER. Is there any objection ?
Mr. RUMSEY. I object.
Mr. HARALSON moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to introduce the joint resolution.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
22
HENRY DYER. \
Mr. WILLIAMS asked the unanimous consent:
of the House to introduce the following resolution:j
Resolred, That the C#mmittefl of the Whole be dig- 1
charged from the further consideration of the House bill
No. 339, entitled " An act for the relief of Henry Dyer,"
and that it be laid upon the Speaker's table-
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, objected.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to introduce the resolution, and de-
manded tellers on that motion.
Tellers were not ordered; and the question being
taken on the motion to suspend the rules, it was
not agreed to.
* DAM AT CUMBERLAND ISLAND.
Mr. BOYD asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a resolution; which was read
for information, as follows:
Rcsolved, That Senate bill No. 51, to provide for the re-
pair and improvement of the dam at the head of Cumber-
land Island, in the Ohio river, be made the special order for
Thursday next.
Mr. BAYLY objected.
Mr. BOYD moved to suspend the rules to ena-
ble him to submit the resolution.
Mr. B. said that he did not often trouble the
House, but that he should be gratified if he might
be allowed two minutes now to explain the object
of his motion.
Mr. CONGER objected.
Mr. BOYD called for tellers, and they were or-
dered.
The question being taken by tellers on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, (Messrs. Boyd and
Briggs acting,) it was decided in the negative— '
ayes 41, noes not counted.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution making House |
bills 433,435,436,437,438, being five of the general
appropriation bills—making appropriations for the I
Military Acaderny, for revolutionary and other 1
1 pensions, for naval pensions, and for the Indian
and Post OfKce Departments—the special order for 1
to-morrow, and from day today until disposed of,
provided that they shall not interfere with any
i existing special order.
! Mr. HARALSON inquired whether, when the
House went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, these appropriation-bills would (
not, if made special orders, have precedence over j
other special orders under the rules of the House ?
The SPEAKER. They have precedence over
other bills; but a majority of the committee may
refuse to take them up, and may proceed to the
consideration of other special orders.
Mr. HARALSON. I object to the motion.
Mr. BURT. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is this: that wnen a motion to sus-
pend the rules is made, it is not in order for the
Speaker of the House, at the request of any mem-
ber of the House, to say what will be the effect
of taking up this bill or that bill, or to discuss the
priority of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has often respond-
ed to the point of order made by the gentleman
from South Carolina, that it is not strictly in order
for the Chair to give an opinion in reference to
these questions. He does so, however, in order
that the House may vote, knowing the opinion of
its presiding officer as to the effect of the motions.
Mr. BURT. I submit, with great deference to
the Chair, that the same reason would allow any
member of the House 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
fentleman from South Carolina, that it can only
e done, and has always been done, by the courte- ;
< sy of the House. ^
I Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to offer his resolution, and called for the
j yeas and nays on that motion.
I The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
I taken were—yeas 114, nays 77; as follow:
| YEAS—Messrs. AUen, Anderson, Ashmun, Averett,
Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bocock, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Breck,
Brig?8! Brisbin, W illiam J. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Con-
ger, Crowd I, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dickey, Dim-
mick, Dixon, Duncan, Edmundson, Alexander Evans,
Ewing, Featherston, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow,
Hamilton, Hammond, Hampton, Ishain G. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Hay, Jlaymond,Henry,Ilibbard, HiUiard,Hoag-
land, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hunter, Joseph W. Jack-
son, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Kerr, La rit-re, Letfler,
LitUefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mason, McDowell,
McWilhe, Meacham, Meade, Millson, Moore,Morehead,
Morse, Morton, Nelson, Olds, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Penn,
Phelps, Pitma , Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richard-
son, Rockwell, Ruinsey, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shep-
pcrd, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Taylor.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B".
Thompson, Thurinan, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldo,
Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, and Williams—114.
N AY S—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Andrews,
Ashe, Bennett, Bingham, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert
G. Brown, Buel, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Campbell, Clinginan, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Cole, Corwin, Disney, Doty, Nathan Evans,
Fitch, Fowler, Giddings, Gilbert, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
Green, Grinnell, Hall, Haralson, S. W. Harris, Howe,
Andrew Johnson, James G. King, John A. King, Levin,
Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, Robert M.
McLane, McQueen, Daniel F. Miller, Morris, Newell, Orr,
Outlaw, Peck, Phcenix, Potter, Risley, Robbins, Robinson,
Root, Rose, Sackett, Silvester, Spauldinsi Sprague, Stanly,
Stetson, Strong, Underhill, Venable, Walden, Wallace,
Wentworth, White, Wildrick, Woodward, Wright, and
Young—77.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
JOHN DE NEUFVILLE AND SON.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of joint resolution of
the Senate, No. 24, for the relief of John De
Neufville & Sop.
Mr. CONGER objected.
Mr. BROWN moved to suspend the rules to
enab'e him to introduce the resolution.
The question being taken, the motion to sus-
pend the rules was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer a resolution;
which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House proceed to die call of the com-
mittees for reports which shall not give rise to debate; and
if debate shall be proposed upon any bill or resolution, the
same shall pass at once to the Speaker's table : Providei,
That this order shall not interfere with the regular call of
the committees on the days when such call shall be in
order.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, objected.
Mr. STANTON moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to introduce the resolution.
The question was put and the motion was not
agreed to.
GRANT OF LAND TO PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. CASEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, granting a portion of the
public lands fo the State of Pennsylvania for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of a railroad
from the Pennsylvania Central Railroad,ator near
the junction of the Susquehanna and Juniata riv-
ers, to the town of Wilhamsport, to aid in the com-
pletion of the WilKamsport and Elmira Railroad;
to aid in the completion of the North Branch
Canal; and to increase the Common School Fund
of said State.
Mr. BURT objected.
Mr. CASEY moved to suspend the rules to ena-
ble him to introduce the bill.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
HARBOR BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion; which was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That House bill No. 348, being " a bill making
appropriations for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers," be made the special order for Tuesday of next
week, and continue the special order from day lo day until
disposed of.
Mr. JONES and Mr. BURT simultaneously
obicct6d
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to suspend the rules;
and in order that we may have a test vote, I ask
