1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.-
339
tary of the Interior because he is a Whig and some
of us are Democrats. In our opposition, we should
be influenced by higher aims than that.
Sir, I haw known the Secretary of the Interior
fur many ymrs, ami you, Mr. "Chairman, hare
known him for a Ion; period. That gentleman has
long been well known as one of the most faithful
of the public servants of the State which I have
the honor in part to represent. He has filled many
public trusts with a zeal and ability and honesty
that placed him far above the censure of party.
It is not remarkable, then, that the Executive in
making up his Cabinet, should hare called upon
this iffivlleman to accept a place in it. When the law
passed thia Congress tne last session, making dona-
tions of public lands to all soldiers not heretofore
provided for, who had served their country in all its
wars, it was well known here that it would be im-
possible for the Secretary of the Interior to execute
that law without arrant of additional clerical force.
It was certainly impossible, considering the late
period at which the law passed, for that Secretary
to have asked Congress at that session to provide
the necessary force for carrying it into execution.
Sir, the Secretary of the fnterior threw himself
upon the good sense of the country, knowing that
this law would require a large force to carry it into
ertect; and with a view to subserve the public in-
terests, he employed an additional force of clerks—
such a number as he thought were requisite. My
friend from Indiana [Mr. Dckham] certainly will
not refuse to vote the little pittance which is due to
these clerks lor the services they hare rendered to
the Government and the country.
Sir, this public officer is occupying a very high
position—a position that you recollect, and the
country mast recollect, was refused by several of
the most distinguished men in the United States.
Four or five gentlemen were tendered the position,
bat they found the business of the Department in
anch a condition that they were unable to go on
with it. In this state of affaire, Mr. Stuart, though
he came from that much-abused State—Virginia—
took hold of this business from a sense of patri-
otic duty. And no#, I ask this committee,
whether, after having voted for this bounty land
law, they will withhold this little pittance for
carrying it into effect ? Sir, I have listened with
perfect disgust to the attacks which have been
made upon this floor in regard to Virginians hold-
ing public offices. These officers need no labored
eulogium at mv hands, therefore I will attempt to
make none. The ability with which they perform
whatever duty is assigned them, speaks louder in
their commendation than anything which I might
utter. And now I put it to my friend from Indi-
ana, whether, after having voted for the bounty
land law, he will withhold the means for carrying
it into effect?
(Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. AVERETT moved to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the amount of the appropriation
to $8,000.
Mr. A. said: Mr. Chairman, when I obtained
the floor the other day, I erred in supposing that
the speeches delivered for and against the Com-
missioner of Pennons and Third Auditor had a
direct reference to the bill under consideration.
>'ot having the bill before me, and desiring to
make a few remarks upon matters which others
had been discussing, at the suggestion of friends
around me I submitted an amendment to avail
myself of the five-minutes' rule, in order to make
a three minutes' speech. It seems that my amend-
ment, I bough directly applicable to the subjects
discussed, was not applicable to the subject-matter
of the bill before the committee. I, therefore, was
ruled out of order. I hope, sir, that it is in order
now to conclude what I wished to say'in regard
to the Third Auditor's office.
While I concur with my colleagues in expres-
sion! of personal respect for Mr. Gallaher, neither
my respect for him nor the fact that he is a Vir-
ginian shall restrain me from condemning the
manner in which some of the business of his of-
fice is conducted. I repeat, that the functions of
that office are not properly performed. A large
portion of its labor, as at present conducted, con-
sists in making out long closely-written tissues of
quibbles and far-fetched inferences to justify decis-
ions at war with the facts and merits of the cases
to be decided. I have had but little to do with that
office; but I can cite a case, and am informed of
others similar, in which whole sheets are written
out to sustain decisions against claims as clearly
proven as ever were cases proven in a court of
justice. This is said to be the work of a clerk in
the office, in whom the Third Auditor reposes a
too generous confidence, and upon whom, I fear,
he too much relies in disposing of cases which it
is his duty to decide.
Now, sir, it is too fashionable here to multiply
the functions of every department of the Govern-
ment, in order to multiply functionaries to be fed
from the public crib; to multiply jobs, in order to
increase the number of jobbers; to make plain
work complicated, and easy work laborious, in
order to give employment and pay to the work-
men. I hold in my hand a paper setting forth ob-
jections to the claims of a soldier, who served in
the Mexican war, for a horse and mule admitted
to have been lost to the soldier by default of the
Government in not furnishing food, and turning
them out under guard to graze, when they strayed
or were stolen. The testimony is indubitable as
to these facts. The captain under whom the
claimant served, testifies upon oath that the horse
was valued at $55, and belonged to the claimant;
that the mule on which the claimant was mounted
the next day, and which is proven to have been
afterwards lost in the same way, was not procured
from the Government, nor from any other officer,
soldier, or other, to whom the Government could
be made accountable. The very circumstances
set forth in this long quibbling paper against the
claim, prove that the mule could not have been
procured from the United States, for the corps in
which the claimant served was hundreds of miles
from the United States, where the Government
had no property except that in the hands of the
quartermaster. The precise number of mules in
his possession was known, and the testimony is
positive, that the one for which the claimant asks
remuneration was not one of that number. And
upon thia claim, this clerk writes out this long
paper—filled with inferences against proven facts—
inferences involving the charge of willful and de-
liberate perjury on the part of the gallant captain.
And the decision is, alter months upon months of
delay, that the mule shall not be paid for, because
the claimant does not prove from what Mexican
or Indian he obtained him. And for the same
reason, to wit, the want of proof as to how the
soldier came in possession of the mule, he shall
not lie paid for his horse—proven and admitted to
be his. Now, I repeat, sir, that I will not vote
for any bill providing for an extra number of
clerks, to study out, write out, copy and record
such papers as this.
If the claims under the new bounty land law are
to be dealt with in this manner, many years
must elapse before the claimants can obtain what
is due them—if, indeed, they ever can. But, sir,
there is no justice or propriety in dealing thus
with them, or any other claims. There is no need
of such a great number of clerks, to perform the
extra duties imposed upon the Third Auditor's
office. For, if you mean to hold the Commis-
sioner of Pensions and Third Auditor responsible
for the duties of their respective offices, it will not
require a great number of clerks to thumb over
papers alphabetically filed, in searching out all ne-
cessary information, as fast as the Commissioner
of Pensions, with the help of the Third Auditor,
can adjudicate the cases and affix their signatures.
Mr. Chairman, in what I have said about the
paper which I hold in my hand, from the Third
Auditor—or rather from his superannuated clerk,
I would not be understood as condemning the
utmost rigor, consistent with law and reason, that
can be exercised, in deciding upon claims against
the Government. But such rigor as is here dis-
played (holding up the paper; would be injurious
to, rather than conservative of, the public interest.
It would bring fidelity itself into disrepute. And
an unscrupulous, or a too generous and confiding
officer, upon whom frauds and impositions might
be practiced, would acquire popularity, and be
kept in office simply because of his laxity or
lenity, in contrast with such as is here dis-
played.
Mr. TAYLOR said: Having voted for what is
called the bounty land law of the last session of
Congress, which was passed on the 28th of Septem-
ber, 1850, and as that law has had the favor of my
judgment, 1 feel myself called upon to make a few
j remarks in reference to its execution. It is well
: known to the gentlemen of this committee that, to
render any law effective, we must provide ample
force in the several Departments necessary to put
such law promptly and efficiently into execution.
Having, as 1 said, voted for this bill, I assume it
to be my duty, Mr. Chairman, more especially as
I have some four or five hundred of my constitu-
ents deeply interested in its speedy execution, to
vote for tne amendment proposed by the gende-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson.] The appli-
cation for additional force in the Department is, I
believe, sanctioned in the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, under whom the Third Auditor acts.
In reference to the conduct of gentlemen in re-
lation to this appropriation, I cannot help asking,
is it come to this, that, after Congress has, at its
last session, passed a law for the purpose of grant-
ing bounty lands, that we shall now attempt to
throw obstacles in the way of its execution, by
refusing to make an appropriation to pay the clerks
needed in the Department to enable it to execute
the law promptly ? Shall we refuse to give to the
Department the necessary force to carry out the
law ? Sir, such a course appears to me to be the
most idle, absurd, and unheard-of opposition oil a
small scale that I ever witnessed in the halls of
Congress. We have passed a law for the benefit
of a vast number of most meritorious citizens of
the United States; men, sir, who have suffered
much in the service of their country in the war
with Great Britain—men, many of whom are now
almost upon the brink of their graves. I ask, if
it is consistent in Congress now to throw obstacles
in the way of the execution of this law, which
was passed solely for their benefit ?
Sir, I find honorable gentlemen here—men of
intelligence—men whose views ought to be more
expanded, who ought to desire to do justice to
those who are entitled to these bounty lands, and
who should be willing to make the execution of
the law so efficient, so as not to withhold the ben-
efits contemplated by it, and yet these gentlemen
oppose what appears essential to its execution.
In reference to the appointment of these additional
clerks, without the authority of Congress, I think
neither the Secretary of the Interior nor the Sec-
retary of the Treasury need any defence at my
hands. The honorable gentleman on the opposite
side of the House, in vindicating those gentlemen
| from any usurpation of power, (as contended by
I the honorable gentleman from Indiana,) in em-
| ploying a few clerks for thepurpose of executing
this law, has said that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, though not, perhaps, justified by law in ma-
king such appointments, yet, as he made such
appointments as were required for the execution
of the law, they ought to be sanctioned.
In such a case, what is he to do ? Is he to allow
the office to stand still in consequence of not being
able to employ the necessary force to execute the
law as required ? In my humble judgment, he
was bound to employ, temporarily at least, some
additional clerks. And now, when he asks Con-
gress to sanction this measure; when he asks an
appropriation for the payment of these additional
clerks, remembering as we do that scarcely a ses-
sion passes that we are not called upon to make
appropriations for deficiencies, honorable gentle-
men get up and consume the time by endeavoring
to withhold the appropriation required by an offi-
cer of your Government to pay clerks that were
necessary to enable him to execute the law. Such
an opposition is contemptible. It is small.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Robinson]
has referred to the letter from the Third Auditor
in reference to this appropriation, and I think he
deserves credit for the amendment he proposes to
the bill. Sir, that amendment was due in justice
to those Representatives, who favor this necessary
force, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
execute the law. I, for one, will not throw any
) obstacle in the way of its speedy execution. 1
will nOt prevent men that are, perhaps, standing
upon the Drink of the grave from receiving these
bounty lands that they are entitled to, and receiv-
ing them speedily too. Sir, I find that the chief
opposition to the speedy execution of this law
comes from gentlemen who opposed its passage,
and who now attempt to thwart its execution
altogether.
Sir, having passed such a law, I think we are
bound, in consistency, to ourselves to insure its
execution.
