1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
there may be some truth in it; but the heads of
Deportments may justify their negligence of duty
by what they see members of Congress do here.
SI ere the hammer fell.]
r. BAYLY. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that the law which he has
caused to be read, applies only to the Indian bu-
reaus.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. I will ask the Clerk to read the law
again for the gentleman 'a information ?
The Clerk again read the extract from the
law.
Mr. BAYLY. I find that the gentleman from
Tennessee is right, and that from hearing the law
read, I was mistaken. I confess I was not aware
of the existence of such a law as that. It ought
to be enforced, and I am sorry to be compelled to
hell eve that it is not. But in defence of the Third
Auditor, I am authorized by him to say 
Mr. JOHNSON, (interposing.) I hope the
gentleman did not understand me as attacking or
complaining of the Third Auditor, or any other
officer in the Department.
Mr. BAYLY. There has been a great deal
said about the time which the clerks spend in read-
ing the newspapers. I know from my own per-
sona] experience, that in many of the Departments
these complaints are well founded. In a conver-
sation that I had with the Third Auditor in ref-
erence to these matters, I told him that there was
a great deal of just complaint that the clerks were
not constantly employed during office hours; but
that much of their time was spent in idle conver-
sation and in reading the newspapers. He told ,
me that he had issued a peremptory order, which
he required to be rigidly enforced, that no clerk
should employ any of his time, during office hours,
in reading the newspapers. I have no doubt that
the Third Auditor will cause that order to be en-
forced; and now that public attention has been
drawn to that law, I hope that all the Departments
will cause it to be executed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Robinson.
Mr. HALL said: I believe that in the clause
under consideration there is no limit placed as to !
the amount of salary. I therefore move to amend '
t, by adding, as a proviso, that the pay of no clerk
shall exceed $3 334 Per day.
Mr. ROBINSON said: I hope that that amend-
ment will not prevail. If, Mr. Chairman, I un-
derstand the existing law upon the subject of regu-
lating salaries, it is this: that where clerks are
appointed without the authority of law, that a
greater sum cannot be appropriated than $3 33 j
per day. The amendment therefore appears, at
least, useless.
Mr, HALL said: I think that the gentleman is
entirely mistaken; because I remember very well
in the last Congress, when a similar appropriation ■
was made for the employment of clerks in the
Pension Office, we did limit their salaries to $3 33j
per diem, by an express provision made at the
time.
Mr. ROBINSON. The subject of the limita-
tion and graduation of the pay of these clerks is
now under the consideration of the committee,
and a bill is now pending fixing the salaries ot
these new clerks. The committee suggest that the
salary of the person who shall take charge of the
business (Mr. Rind) shall be $1,600 or $1,700.
That four of the clerks shall receive salaries of $4
per diem each, and the balance (fifteen clerks) be
paid $3 334 per day. I think, therefore, that it
will be much better that we vote upon this ques-
tion of salaries when this bill fixing their amount
shall come up.
The question on Mr. Hall's amendment was
then taken by tellers—Messrs. Jackson, of Geor-
gia, and Pitch acting—and there appeared: ayes
37, noes 72. So, no quorum voted.
Loud cries of "Call the roll!"
The CHAIRMAN stated that, by unanimous
consent, the count would be repeated.
Loud cries of " Call the roll
The Clerk having called the roll— i
The SPEAKER resumed the chair; and the '
chairman of the committee reported the absentees. 1
A quorum being present, the Speaker vacated
the chair, and the committee resumed its session.
The question on Mr. Hall's amendment being
1 again taken by tellers, (Messrs. Fitch and Jack-
son acting,) there appeared—ayes 63, noes 78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
; Mr. HALL. I now move, Mr. Chairman, as
a proviso, that the salary shall not exceed $1,000
per annum for each clerk.
In the deficiency bill which was passed by the
last Congress, and approved by the President of
the United States on 27th March, 1848, appropria-
tions were made for a purpose similar to the one
contemplated by the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana. That bill authorized, upon my own
motion, I believe, the Commissioner of Pensions,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of War,
to employ an additional number of clerks for the
issue of bounty land warrants to soldiers engaged
in the Mexican war, &c., under the act of Feb-
ruary 11, 1847. This appropriation limited the
pay to $3 33j for each clerk per diem, and fixed
the whole appropriation at $16,690.
When this act passed, I heard no objection from
any member of this House to limiting the salaries
that these clerks shoulcT receive. This act was
sustained by the other side of the House; the
honorable members readily agreed to limit the sal-
aries of intelligent Democratic clerks appointed
under that act, upon whom devolved the transac-
tion of the business arising out of the act of 11th ,
February, 1847. But now that a similar case
arises under their own Administration, they are j
not willing to limit the salaries of their Whig
clerks. Gentlemen on this side voted for the lim- ;
itation of the salaries of their clerks in 1848, but
now that the Whig party is in power, and Whig
clerks are consequently employed, a new system
is to be adopted. Congress is no more to fix the
amount that these individuals shall receive from
the Treasury of the United States. Sir, why j
should there be this change? Why this altera-
tion? Why are Democratic clerks' salaries to be
limited in a maimer which I think just, and the
salaries of Whig clerks not also limited? Have
we found from experience that Whigs are more
trustworthy than Democrats in the disposition of
the public money? Have we forgotten certain
claims which it became the duty of this House to
investigate at its last session of Congress?
j Mr. Chairman, I hold it to be the duty of this '
j Government, when it is making appropriations of
' money, that, so far as iB possible, we shall specify
the manner in which that money shall be ap-
plied.
Why is it that we limit the salaries of our offi-
cers generally—the salary of th#President of the
United States? the salaries of the judges of the
Supreme Court ? the per diem and mileage of mem-
bers of Congress ?—Because we think that there
should be some limit fixed by the Legislature, and '
that it should not be a matter left to Executive dis-
cretion. '
That appears to be the rule in this case; and it
can be applied to officers of Government, without
a single exception; and it can be applied in this
case. But it seems we are no longer to interfere
with the discretion of the Executive in fixing these
salaries, because, forsooth, the officers happen to
be Whig officers.
Sir, the gentleman who proposes this amend-
ment, as I conceive, shows us the object that he
has in view. He tells us that the committee had
the matter under consideration, and thought it was
wrong to limit their salaries to $1,000 per annum.
I understand him to say, also, that some, or at least
one of the clerks, should get $1,600. Why does
not he propose in his amendment that they shall
receive no more than at the rate of $1,600 per an-
num ? Is it because he fears that if he fixes the
amount of the clerks' salary, the effect would be
to keep them at what they now are? or whether it
is because he wishes these salaries generally should
be increased?
The cry will be for increase of salaries, and a
large majority of this House will not, 1 think, be 1
disposed to resist it. Now, I am against the in-
crease of salaries. I believe they are already too
high. They are already greatly beyond what we
are all paying for similar services in the States.
They are already drawing to this Government
hoards of office-seekers, making this Government
important, and the State governments insignificant .
and contemptible.
Mr. BAYLY. When the limitation which my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Hall] has read, was
moved in the House two years ago, I voted for it,
and every member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and nearly all the members of this House,
know that in all cases of the appointments of new
clerks, I have resisted giving them larger salaries
l1 than a thousand dollars a year.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
I the gentleman from Virginia that he must speak
against the motion, or he will be out of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I am going to speak against it,
as I think you will find out directly. At that
time those extra clerks were really, and in every
respect, temporary clerks. Their employment
was not anticipated to last for any length of time.
But the clerks now asked for, although temporary
in one sense, are scarcely so in another, because
they will be employed probably for two or three
years. Now with sucn a large force as twenty
clerks, it is necessary, for the efficiency of the ser-
vice, that there should be one able, experienced
clerk to be over these thousand dollar clerks. Mr.
Rind, to whom it is proposed to give sixteen
hundred dollars a year, has been employed upon
matters connected with the late war, and has been
in the Third Auditor's office for twenty years.
The Third Auditor, in a letter to the Secretary of
the Treasury, speaks thus of him:
" In organizing the force upon the examination of the
muster rolls, and reports thereon, for the action of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, connected with the war of 1812, the
labors of Samuel A. Rind have been so much increased,
that I deem it my duty to the Government, as well as to
him, to propose to Congress, with your approbation, an in-
crease of that very useful officer's salary, to the sum of sev-
enteen hundred dollars. Mr. Rind's experience fortwenty
years, on business connected with the transactions of the
> war of 1812, his great industry, his fidelity, and his worth
as a man, all entitle him to this amount; and the Govern-
ment will be the gainer by it. His services are indispensa-
ble on this work."
Well now, sir, although 1 am as much an econ-
omist as the gentleman from Missouri, and al-
though I agree in most of the views he has pre-
sented, I am not willing to put such a clerk as
; this, with twenty years experience, and whose
j chief says that his services are invaluable, at a
i salary of $1,000 a year. He ge s, I believe,
$1,4(X) per year now, and the gentleman proposes
to bring him, down to $1,000. I hope the com-
mittee will vote the proposition down.
Mr. JONES. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman from Virginia, whether it, is proposed
to make Mr. Rind one of these temporary clerks,
and if there is any assurance that Mr. Rind would
| be retained in that office after the salary should
| be increased?
Mr. ROBINSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$1,000," and inserting
"*900/'
I The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
The question being on agreeing to Mr. Hall's
amendment,
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers, and they
were ordered.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Bowlin and Fowler acting,) and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 68, noes 66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the amendment
by adding at the end thereof the following: " ex-
cept one, whose salary shall be $1,600."
Mr. CARTTER rose to a point of order. He
wished to inquire whether it was in order to move
an amendment to an amendment, which is, in ef-
fect, a contradiction to that amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Batlt] is in order.
Mr. BOWIE asked if it would be in order to
move to substitute $2,000 for the $1,600 proposed ?
The CHAIRMAN said it would not be in or-
der, as it was an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. What I wished to say is this: I
think a clerk who is to preside over nineteen other
clerks, and who is to have the care of important
business, ought to have a salary of $1,600.
Mr. DUNHAM. I suppose this Rind is not
compelled to leave his present position to take
charge of these clerks; and if he does not choose
to accept the appointment, he retains his salary
ef $1,400 where he is. I do not suppose he will
be so foolish as to give up his situation of $1,400
for one of $1,000.
Mr. BAYLY. It is true Mr. Rind can retain
his present situation; and unless the salary is
raised over $1,000, he doubtless will retain it. My
