342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
object in moving to increase this salary is, that his
services may be secured here, for his services will
be very valuable in this situation.
Mr. HALL. I would like to inquire what
right Congress has to. discriminate in the appoint-
ment of, or to fix the salaries of particular clerks
in the Departments of this Government? I under-
stand this Mr. Rind is to be appointed to a par-
ticular place, and to receive a particular sure. Sup-
pose the President shouldappoint some body else
to that office, Mr. Rind could not get it.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order for the
gentleman from Indiana to speak again upon this
subject.
Mr. DUNHAM. I had not concluded my re-
marks. I only yielded for the purpose of giving
gentlemen an opportunity for explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. Th ~
The Chair supposed the
gentleman from Indiana had concluded his re-
marks. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. DUNHAM. I was proceeding to say that
Mr. Rind is, as I understand, now in charge of this
particular business, athis present salary of $1,400,
and will doubtless continue in charge of it. And
for the purpose of retaining his invaluable ser-
vices, I apprehend it is not necessary to give him
a salary of $200 more. I can see no reason what-
ever for increasing his salary. If he will not con-
tinue in charge of this business there are others
competent, who can be assigned to that especial
duty. If we were to create this salary of $1 ,600,
we cannot say what particular person shall have
it. We cannot dictate who shall take charge of
this particular branch of business. The head of
the bureau will decide this matter, and we have no
right or power to designate who shall be appoint-
ed, or to meddle in the matter at all.
Mr. BAYLY asked that the amendment be re-
ported to the committee.
Mr. HALL asked if the Chair had not ruled
the amendment out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair had decided
the amendment to be in order.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayly to the'amendment, and it was
rejected.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to strike out $12,500,
and insert $13,000 in lieu thereof.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Indiana has already submit-
ted an amendment, and he has no right to offer an
amendment to his own amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON. The amendment has been
changed since I offered it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. ROBINSON. I wish to say a few words
in regard to this question. It makes no difference
whatever, in the general principle involved in this
question, whether we make an appropriation of
one thousand dollars or not. I understand there
is a general law of this kind that, during the in-
terval between sessions of Congress, heads of
Departments have the power to appoint temporary
clerks, and when such appointments have been
made they are to receive a compensation of $3 20
per day. Now, whether this is included in the
deficiency bill or not, it makes not one iota of dif-
ference.
While I am up I wish to do an act of justice,
for I think great injustice has been done by my
colleague, [Mr. Dunham,] who, in his address to-
day, inculcated the principle of economy so strong-
ly, and in this rivaling his friend from Missouri,
that I do not profess to be an advocate for econo-
my in matters of this kind.
But the gentleman asks what these clerks have
been doing before the session of Congress com-
menced ? .Now I am not aware that any appoint-
ment was made by the Secretary of the Treasury
before the session commenced. Let us see what
the Third Auditor says in relation to this matter:
" Having no authority to employ additional force during
the rece  of Congress, I withdrew three of ray regular
clerks from the pressing current business, who were en-
gaged in furnishing necessary certificates from the rolls to
the 11th ultimo, when the Secretary of the Treasury fur-
nished me with one additional clerk at temporary employ-
ment ; on the 18th he furnished another ; on the 2d instant
tiireemore; on the 9th three more; and on the 11th one
additional clerk."
There were, therefore, but two clerks furnished
to the Third Auditor by the Secretary of the
.treasury prior to the meeting of Congress.
Jan. 27,
Whether the additional clerks were taken from
other bureaus, or whether they were first ap-
pointments, I am not informed.
Mr. DUNHAM. Can there be any doubt
I upon this point?
Mr. ROBINSON. I think they were taken
, from other bureaus. I think they were clerks en-
gaged in other employments.
Now, when we come to pass this bill, author-
izing the appointment of these twenty clerks to
assist the Third Auditor, then is the time to fix
the salaries of these clerks. The committee voted
. to give to the head of that force a salary of $1,600
per annum, that they would give four other clerks
I each $4 per day, and fifteen at $3 33 per day.
| For this I will vote; and it matters not whether
j we insert this appropriation of $1,000 for the pay-
| ment of the services already rendered by these
j clerks or not.
| My colleague, [Mr. Dunham,] who seems to be
' seeking for a reputation of rigid economy, says
[ that there is no danger ofc losing the invaluable ser-
: vices of Mr. Rind. I will make the prediction,
Mr. Chairman, that Mr. Rind does not take the
position as head of these nineteen clerks at the
salary of $1,000, or a salary of $1,400. I am
of the opinion that he is the most effective officer
of the whole bureau with which he is connected—
the most industrious man, and the best qualified
to superintend the rolls; and that without him the
business will be bunglingly managed. These are
my opinions about this matter.
The question being upon the amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Robinson] to strike out twelve and insert
thirteen thousand; it was taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to. "
The question then recurring upon the first
amendment of Mr. Robinson—
Mr. BOWIE moved to amend the amendment
by adding thereto the following words:
" Except two clerks, one of whom shall receive two
thousand and the other sixteen hundred dollars per annum."
Mr. JONES. I rise to a point of order. The
point of order which I make is this: that the
amendment proposed is inconsistent with the
amendment we have already adopted. We have
adopted an amendment saying that the clerks shall
receive $1,000 each. This amendment is incon-
sistent with it. It is, in fact, to strike out a part
of that which we have really adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has once deci-
ded that the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was in order. If that was
in order, this amendment is equally so.
Mr. JONES. I appeal, then, from the decision
of the Chair.
i The question then being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
tellers were demanded and ordered, and Mr. Rich-
ardson and Mr. Moore were appointed.
The question lyas taken and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 75, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BOWIE. I would remark, Mr. Chairman,
that for the principles contained in the amendment
I had the honor to submit, I have very good au-
thority—authority that I am sure will be respected
by that side of the House. The authorities are
Democratic—founded upon Democratic evidence,
and emanating from such men as command the re-
spect of the Democratic party.
The select committee appointed to inquire
| whether any additional legislation was necessary
I to carry into effect the bounty land law, took tes-
timony, and they reported that testimony to this
House. I am sure that this House will respect it,
because it is uncontradicted testimony—the tes-
timony of Mr. Berrett, a gentleman belonging to
the Democratic party, of high character, and late
chief cherk in the Pension Office. He was asked,
among other things, what additional clerical force
was wanted, and what salaries ought to be allowed
to such clerks, in order to carry into effect this
bounty land law. If the House will turn to the
appendix connected with that report, page 28,
they will find this very testimony. This gentle-
man says:
" If it should be deemed advisable to transfer the muster-
rolls from the office of the Third Auditor to that of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, the entire force of the latter should
be increased to seventy-five clerks in the aggregate, whose
duties, in his opinion, should be distributed as stated below;
and, in view of the labor, responsibility, and qualifications
requisite to insure dispatch and correctness, he would, at ;
the same time, snggesta scale of salaries which would, ii*
his opinion, be but adequate to said duties, and which only"
bear a fair relation to salaries given for less responsible ser-
vices in the Treasury and other Departments of the Gov-
ernment, viz:
1 chief clerk       i ^2 000
1 principal clerk on revolutionary pension claims*.'.V. 1 600>
1 principal elerk in charge of files connected with rev- '
olntionary claims  1609
1 principal clerk in charge of all claims under the act '
of September 98,1850  i rod
1 clerk to examine invalid pension claims...   1*600
j 4 assistant clerks to examine bounty land claims, '
each         1 400
1 clerk in charge of registers and flies. ! j'-iOff
1 clerk to examine widows'pension claims, under act
of July 31,1848    L 40a
1 clerk to examine navy pension claims  1400
12 clerks for preparing pension and bounty land cer- '
U'ficates  i 200
51 miscellaneous clerks, whose duties can from time
to time be assigned by the chief clerk, each at  1,000'
We have, too, the testimony of Mr. Edwards,
tha late Commissioner of Pensions. It is as fol-
lows:
"In mv last annual report to the Secretary of the Interior
I proposed to have two additional superintending clerks
at an annual salary of $1,700each; and with thirty-five-
clerks at a per diem allowance of $3 33 each, we might have
issued two hundred and fifty warrants per day, provided
there had been a proper disposition made of the muster-
rolls in the Third Auditor's office. At the time I made thi 
suggestion there were, I think, in the Pension Office about
i twenty-seven per diem clerks."
Mr. Chairman, I would ask whether the mag-
nanimity of the other side of the House will per-
mit them, against the evidence and testimony of
their own friends, to reduce the compensation of
: these worthy men below the remuneration which
; their own friends have declared is necessary, fair,
just, and indispensable, to pay them in order to>
carry this law into operation.
The gentleman greatly misunderstands and
greatly depreciates the character of the men who
( are employed in the bureaus of this Government,
For I do not hesitate in saying that there are men
employed in these Departments who would grace-
this House, and whose services in the positions
which they fill, are infinitely more valuable to the
country than the services of any member of this
body. Does any one here seriously entertain the
idea, that any clerk would be required to work
ten hours a day? Will any gentleman of the Dem-
ocratic party rise here and say that he intended to
perpetrate such a cruel punishment upon any man ?
I cannot believe that any one here seriously en-
tertains such an idea.
Sir, the testimony furnished by this committee
proves beyond all cavil, that if this law is to be
carried out by efficient men, they must have such
salaries as will procure gentlemen with qualifica-
tions suited to the office. You will find you can-
not procure gentlemen of sufficient qualifications
with less salaries than those given in the testimo-
ny of the gentlemen whom I have quoted. This,
I understand, to be the substance of the testimony
of Mr. Edwards and Mr. Berrett.
The Commissioner of Pensions, Mr. Heath,
does not ask for so much. He does not ask for a
salary higher than $1,700. The old Commissioner
of Pensions thought it was proper to pay the chief
clerk two thousand dollars.
Mr. HALL, who was at times very imperfectly
heard, said: Sir, I admire that magnanimity which
does not depend for existence upon the position
of parties. The gentleman's magnanimity is not
of this description. We heard nothing of mag-
nanimity, until parties were changed. When we
were called upon, under the law of '37, to supply
additional clerks, we heard nothing then of mag-
nanimity. The Democratic party were then in
power, and the recipients of the pay were supposed
to be of that particular character. The sum of
$3 33 was sufficient, in the opinion of gentlemen
on that side of the House, as compensation for
Democratic clerks. Gentlemen ask if we want
the clerks to work ten hours in the day. I be-
lieve that that is the law of the land, and I must
confess, I should like to see the law of the land
enforced even against Whig clerks. I do not think
them so much entitled to respect that they should
be permitted to disregard ana nullify a law of the
land. I do not think it of the Whig party, much
less of the Democratic party. The clerks now
work but five instead of ten hours per day. I am
not complaining of this; I have not said a word
about it. All I say is, that those who can-y into
effect the act relating to the act of last session, are
not entitled to more favor than those who carried
