1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
into effect the act relating to Mexican bounty j
lands.
Mr. Chairman, how many gentlemen in this
House work more th.ut ten hours a dav.' There
n not a gentleman who faithfully discharges his
dutv—there is not an officer who does his duty
well, but who works at least ten hours a day. I
am assured that one of the heads of the bureaus
works twelve hours a dav> but he does not com-
plain.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think I hare seen it stated
somewhere that the late Secretory of State (Mr.
Clayton) wrote to his friends in Delaware that he
worked twelve hours a day in turning out Demo-
crats.
Mr. HALL. But, Mr. Chairman, why increase
the salary to $2,<>00, where the report made by the
•elect committee does not recommend more than
*1 ,800 for the chief clerk ? Unfortunately for the
argument of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] the extract that he has quoted in refer-
ence to the salaries of the clerks, refers to clerks
in the Pension Office; but this bill proposes to pay
for clerks in the Third Auditor's office. I would
suggest to the gentleman that when next he ad-
duces evidence in support of his arguments, he
produce that which is appropriate. We have no
evidence from the Commissioner of Pensions, or
from the chief clerk of the Department, that these
temporary clerks, whom it is proposed to employ
in the Third Auditor's office, should get more than
$1,000 per annum. We have no such recommenda-
tion from any Department so far as I have heard.
All I have to say is, that I never yet found an offi-
cer of Government who did not think that he got
too little for his services.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if the amendment to
the amendment was open to amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was not, nor was
it open to debate.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to propose to amend
the amendment, by providing that one of the clerks
•hall receive $1,600.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment oat of
order, as it had been already acted on by the com-
mittee once.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will, then,propose f1,700.
I believe that that was the recommendation of the
late Commissioner of Pensions. My object, how-
ever, is not so much to advocate the limitation of
the salaries of any one or two of the clerks as to
•peak to the point which has been so much dis-
cussed on amendments offered here to-day, as to
the necessity of allowing a larger sum than $1,000
for each of these clerks. It may be that that
would be sufficient compensation for the larger
portion of the clerks provided for in the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Rosixjov J but I think it is clear that one or
more of those officers should receive a higher com-
pensation than that sum. My honorable friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] whose integrity and
economy I respect, seems to think that we on this
side of the House are standing in a position in-
compatible with one assumed on a former occasion
when a similar proposition was before the House
for the payment of clerks. It was not necessary
that the gentleman from Missouri should have
gone out of his way for the purpose of impeaching
the motives of honorable gentlemen on this side of
the House, in advocating this graduation of com-
pensation and allowing some officers more than
>1,000 per annum. Sir, if the Whigs on this side
of the House were looking merely to the increase
of executive or departmental patronage, it is ob-
vious that their proper policy would be to make
the salaries as small as possible, as they would
by that means increase the number of clerks and
extend the patronage in the hands of the Govern-
ment.
Now, sir, if I voted at an on the occasion to
which the gentleman refers, I did not vote to re-
strict the salaries of clerks. But, sir, the case
was a different one from the present. Since that
time we have devolved upon the Department, at
the head of which stands one of the most worthy
and excellent gentleman now in the service of the
Government, (I allude to the Secretary of the In-
terior,) grave and important duties, far greater
than those involved in the act of 1847. I am not
responsible for it. I did not vote for the bounty
Una bill of last session, but that bill having been
passed by a triumphant majority of this House, |
and in opposition to a minority that in point of!
numbers, I am almost ashamed of, I feel called ■
puon, imperatively called upon, to give to the
Secretary of the Interior all the additional force
which he requires to carry that law into effect.
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, the committee
then rose, and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, the chairman of the committee [Mr. Meade]
reported progress.
Mr. ROBftlNS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY called for the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered.
The House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. PEASLEE gave notice that he would to-morrow, or
on some future day, ask leave to iatioduce i bill of the fol-
lowing tide: " A bill authorizing the allowance of interest
to the State of New Hampshire for advances made for the
use of the United Stales in repelling invasion and suppress-
ing insurrection at Indian Stream, in mid Siate."
Mr. BENNETT gave notice that he would ask leave to
bring in " A bill to equalize the grants of public lands to
the several States."
PETITIONS, ke.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. MILLER, of Iowa: The petition of William C. 1
Adams, \Y illiam M iller, and 64 other citizens of V an Burnt
county, Iowa, praying the immediate repeal of the ftigitive
slave law.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The memorial and
other papers ef WBIiam Mann, of Tennessee, praying Con-
gress to grant him a pension for service rendered in the war
of 1812 with Great Britain.
By Mr. BOBBINS: The memorial signed by John Me-
Keon and 29 others, citizens of Philadelphia, asking Con-
gress to modify the bounty land act of September 88,1850,
so as to give to each person intended to be benefited by said
set not less than one hundred aad sixty acres of land, and
they further reeommend that the warrants should be made
aseignable.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of Granger, Bodges k
Co., and 114 other citizens of Pittsfbrd, Rutland county,
Vermont, for the more effectual protection of American in-
dustry, by securing higher duties on foreign manufactures.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of William H.
Pillsbnrv and 55 others, legal voters of Wiscasset, in the
State of Maine, in favor of stipulated arbitration, or a con-
gress of nations, to supercede the necessity of war.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of James Donaldson and
43 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
repeal the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial of certain citizens of
, Cincinnati, asking for a removal of the impediment* to a
, free navigation around the Falls of the Ohio.
By Mr. GIDDINGS: The petition of E. L. Gibbs aad
460 other inhabitants of Windsor, Ohio, for the repeal of
the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of Samuel Hall and other citizens of
Deerfield, Massachusetts, praying an amendment of said
law, so that any person assisting a slave to escape may be
" iektadtd, drawn, and quartered."
By Mr. MOORE: The memorial of Maher fc Landis,
asking for remission or reduction of duties.
By Mr. FULLER: The memorial and petition of Joseph
Bowden, jr., in behalf of himself and the owners and crew
of the schooner Albion, praying Congress for an allowance
of fishing bounty, said schooner being wrecked before the
completion of the voyage in the year 1819.
IN SENATE.
Mokdat, January 27,1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress, a report of the examinations and surveys
undertaken to determine upon the brat mode of
supplying water to the city of Washington, to-
gether with a plan and estimate of the probable
cost of the same; which was read, and,
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was ordered
that it be referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
SENATOR ELECT.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented the credentials of
the Hon. J. D. Bright, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of Indiana for six years from and after
the 4th day of March, 1851; which were read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. EWING. I have received, and been re-
quested to {present, a memorial signed by some
seventy-three members of the Constitutional Con-
vention now in session in the State of Ohio, call-
ing the attention of Congress to the condition and
prospects of the Republic of Liberia.
They say something of the foundation and early
struggles of that colony; they speak of its present
elevated condition, and of the importance of its
commerce, not only to our country but to.other
nation* of the earth, and they say that the nations
of Europe are making great efforts to possess
themselves of as large a share of their commerce
as possible. They request that Congress will en-
courage and aid or fit out a line of steamers to ply
between this country and the coast of Africa. They
anticipate many and great advantages from the
consummation of that project. They say that it
will afford great facilities to emigration, will put
us in a position to enjoy a large share of the com-
merce of that growing country, and will tend
very much to the suppression of the slave trade.
The memorial is very well drawn and well con-
sidered, and it is signed bv a great number of very
intelligent and substantial persons. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr, HUNTER presented a memorial from the
Trustees of the Mercer Monument Association,
asking an appropriation for the erection of a mon-
ument to the memory of General Hugh Mercer,
in pursuance of a resolution of Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Also, a petition from Hugh C. Davis, asking a
pension for services during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of the
Presidents of the several Marine Insurance Com-
panies of Philadelphia, asking that the salary of
the judge of the United States court at Key West
may be increased; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, two memorials from citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking an appropriation for the repair of
the piers of Chester, Marcus Hook, and New Cas-
tle, in the Delaware river; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, two memorials from citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking an appropriation for the erection of a
light-house at the entrance of the Susquehanna
river; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a memorial from merchants of Philadel-
phia, asking the establishment of a line of mail
steamers between that city and Rio Janeiro; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, two memorials from merchants and other
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking the construction
of an ice harbor at Reedy Island, in the Delaware
river; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a memorial from Evelina Porter, widow
of Commodore David Porter, asking Congress to
1 grant her such reasonable sum as may prove their
i proper appreciation of the services, suffering, and
sacrifices of her late husband; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, eighteen memorials, very numerously
signed by citizens of the State of Pennsylvania,
and from at least ten different counties, all urging
upon Congress a modification of the tariff; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, additional documents relative to the claim
of Charles William Carroll; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented a petition from the
clerks in the post office at Wheeling, Virginia,
asking an increase of salary; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a petition from clerks in the post office at
Richmond, Virginia, asking an increase of their
salaries, and that the Postmaster General may
be authorized to employ additional clerks at such
offices as may actually require them; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial of in-
ventors and other citizens of New York, asking
that the bill now before the Senate for the amend-
ment of the patent laws may become a law; which
| was ordered to lie on the table.
[ Also, a memorial from the New York State Col-
1 onization Society, signed by the president and cor-
i responding secretary, asking that a line of mail
, steamers may be established from the United
i States to the western coast of Africa; which he
! asked to have printed, and the motion to print was
! referred to the Committee on Printing.
| Also, resolutions passed by the Legislature of
1 New York, urging a reduction of the rates of
t>ostage; which were read and ordered to be
1 printed.
1 Mr. WALKER submitted additional docu-
