344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J an. 27 j
ments in relation to the claim of James Bell; which
were referred to the Committee on R6\olutionjiry
^Mr S BRADBURY submitted additional docu- !
ments in relation to Henry Williams and other
owners of the brig Nimrod; which were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WINTHROP presented a petition from
the legal voters of Sandwich, Massachusetts, ask-
ing the adoption of measures for the amicable
adjustment of all international difficulties; which :
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. UPHAM presented additional documents
in relation to the claim of the children of Joseph
Bradley, deceased; which were referred to the ,
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial from mer-
chants, shipmasters, and others, of Kennebunk, !
in the State of Maine, asking an appropriation to
complete the stone pier at the entrance of the Ken-
nebunk river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Amos Reeder, Albert G.
Ramsay, and Joseph Craig, practical machinists
and engineers, asking that the bill now before the
Senate to amend the act for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam may not be-
come a law without certain modifications; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RHETT presented the memorial of Daniel
Ravenel and John Ravenel, executors of Samuel
Prioleau, jr., deceased, asking indemnity for prop-
erty destroyed during- the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. j
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of George !
E. Baker, assistant marshal of King's county,
New York, asking additional compensation for his
services in taking the seventh census; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, an additional document in relation to the ;
claim of Captain Hiram Paulding, of the United
States Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition signed by Stephen H. Ainsworth <
and ninety-four other citizens of West Bloom- '
field, in the State of New York; also, a petition
from William J. Cornwall and two hundred and
fifty-eight citizens of Cayuga county, New York;
also, a petition from John Hamlin and twenty-five
other inhabitants of Yates county, New York, all
denouncing the fugitive slave law as unjust, un-
constitutional, irreligious, inhuman, and horrible
in most of its features, and asking its immediate
repeal.
Mr. S. moved the reference of the above peti-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, ordered that >
they lie on the table.
Also, a petition from Stephen H. Ainsworth '
and ninety-four other citizens of West Bloomfield, '
in the state of New York, asking the abolition of ,
slavery in the District of Columbia; which was 1
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from citizens of West Bloom-
field, in the State of New York, asking the adop- j
tion of measures for the settlement of international j
difficulties; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the memorial of A.
W. Burns, late paymaster in the United States ;
Army, asking that his accounts may be so adjusted j
as to allow him the balance found against him in j
final settlement; which was referred to the Com- '
mittee on Military Affairs. j
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Rob- !
ert M. Hamilton, Consul at Montevideo, asking j
Compensation for diplomatic services rendered;j
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
Philadelphia asking a modification of the military
bounty land law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Rockport, Indiana, asking that a donation of
land may be made to actual settlers; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, ordered that
the petition and papers of David Hutter on the
hies of the Senate be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
VIRGINIA BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. MASON. I ask leave to present to the
Senate a series of resolutions which have been
adopted by the General Assembly of the State of ]:
Virginia, asking for the passage of a law, and in- j
structing their Senators and requesting their Rep- ;
resentatives to procure its passage, making further j
appropriations to satisfy Virginia land warrants.
I ask that the resolutions may be read.
The resolutions were accordingly read.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, these resolutions
are accompanied by a report which was made to
the present General Assembly of Virginia, setting
forth facts relating to these military land warrants;
they embody a vast deal of information which may
be useful to the Senate when it comes to consider
the bill on this subject in relation to the number
of land warrants which have been issued, the num-
ber satisfied, the number remaining unsatisfied,
the number of officers and soldiers entitled to them,
and other facts, some of which were questioned
when this subject was last debated in the Senate.
The report is well drawn up, and I ask that, to-
gether with the resolutions, it may be printed for
the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I give notice that
I shall to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill j
making further appropriations for the satisfaction !
of the military land warrants issued by the State
of Virginia.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES. |
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill to
grant the right of way to the Mississippi and At-
lantic Railroad Company through the public lands
in the State of Illinois, reported back the same with-
out amendment.
3Vir., ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of citizens of Wyandot county, Ohio, in relation
to the sale of the Wyandot lands and the erection
of a poor's house from the proceeds thereof, re-
ported that the subject came more properly before
the Committee on the Public Lands, and asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee on
j the Public Lands; which motion was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of William A. Rich-
mond, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Retolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed to fur-
nish the Senate with the proceeding* of the court-martial
convened at Little Rock, in 1&50, for the trial of David
Butler, a military storekeeper, together with the corre-
! spondenee in possession of the War Department prior and
subsequent to said court martial in relation to the same.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
1 lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
I to inform the Senate what quantity and value of the follow-
' ing articles were imported from Canada into the United
; States in the years 1849 and 1850, either for sale or on bond
for exportation to foreign ports, distinguishing the amount
and value of each kind, viz: grain and brcadstuffs of all
kinds, vegetables, fruits, animals, hides, wool, tallow,
I horns, salt, and fresh meats; ores of all kinds of metals,
: timber, staves, wood, and lumber.
I RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution; which lies over under the
rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire i to the expediency of making some
further compensation to the chief Judge of the District of
; Columbia, for his services in cases of appeal from the Com-
i missioner of Patent*.
1 Mr. DAVIS also submitted document* in rela-
tion to the subject, which he desired might go to
j the committee with the resolution.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
! lution; which lies over under the rule:
Retolved, That the Committee on Printing be author-
ized to employ a clerk, at the usual compensation, from the
I commencement of the present session. |
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the
! heirs of Valiere d'Hauterive.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
' ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Frank-
, lin Hardin.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to bring in a bill to defray the
expense of running the boundary line between the
States of Missouri and Iowa.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to change the time of
holding the circuit and district courts in Ohio.
BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
An act for the relief of Child, Fail & Company,
of St. Lotus, Missouri; and
An act for the compensation of James W. Low
and others, for the capture of the British private
armed schooner Ann, during the late war with
Great Britain.
The following bills were read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands:
An act for the relief of Jasper A. Maltby; and
An act for the relief of Wm. J. Price.
The following bills were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs:
An act for the relief of Gustavus A. De Russy,
late an acting purser in the Navy;
An act for the relief of Eli Darling;
An act granting a pension to Asel Wilkinson;
and
i An act for the relief of the sureties of Roberts.
Moore, deceased, late a purser in the United States
Navy.
The following bills were read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
An act for the relief of Andrew Smith; and
An act for the relief of C. H. Pix.
The following bill was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads:
An act for the relief of Dunning R. McNair.
The following bills were read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs:
An act for the relief of William Kankins;
An act for the relief of Alden and Williams;
t An act for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher; and
An act for the relief of the Virginia Woollen
| Company.
; The following bills were severally read a first
i and second time by their titles,and referred to the
'' Committee on Pensions:
' An act for the relief of Mary Kirby Smith;
An act for the relief of John Morrison;
An act for the relief of Adam Garlock;
An act for the relief of Alanson Pool;
An act for the relief of William B. Edwards;
An act for the relief of George C. Thomas; and
An act for the relief of James F. Green.
The following bills were read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
of Claims:
An act for the relief of Sayles J. Bowen;
An act for the relief of Major E. H. Fitzgerald;
An act for the relief of Manoah D. Robinson;
An act for the relief of the administrators of Oli-
ver Lee, deceased;
An act for the-relief of the legal representatives
of Robert S. Burrough and of Stephen Hopkins:
An act for the relief of Malvina Crusat; and
An act for the relief of Isaac Cook and others.
The following bills were read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims:
An act for the relief of Robert Davidson:
An act for the relief of the heirs of Semoice, a
friendly Creek Indian;
An act further to amend an act approved the M
of Julv, 1836, for the relief of Samuel Smith,
Lynn Macghee, and Semoice, Creek Indians, ana
also an act passed the 2d of July, 1836, for the re-
lief of Susan Marlow; and ..... . e
An act to amend an act entitled ' An act for
the relief of Frederick Durvine,' approved 14th
August, 1848.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally read
a third time and passed:
A bill to pay the expenses of the Cayuse war
in the Territory of Oregon in the year 1847 nnri
1848; and
