1851.
THti CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
A bill to create additional collection districts in
the Territory of Oregon, and for other purposes.
TWO PER CENT. OF PUBLIC LANDS TO MIS-
SOURI.
Mr. BENTON moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill to moke good to
Missouri the two per centum of the net proceeds
of the public lands heretofore withheld from that
State.
Mr. DOWNS. I should like to know whether
that bill will take up a great length of time, for
there are some other orders of the day that I am
very anxious to get up.
Mr. BENTON. It is a bill which concerns a
State, and according to the old practice of the Sen-
ate,bills concerning States are entitled to precedence.
This bill has been reported by the Committee on
Public Lands with an amendment to which I agree;
but, having a word to say on the bill, I have moved
to postpone the prior orders of the day that it may
be taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to the Senate that
the Committee on the Public Lands, to which the
bill was referred, submitted it to the Department,
and by the Department it was approved as it now
stands amended. It is a bill to grant to the State
of Missouri the two per centum of the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands which hare been hereto-
fore withheld from that State; but which all the
other States except Missouri have already re-
ceived, either in money or in an equivalent. "Mis-
souri is the only State m the Union which has de-
rived no benefit from the two per centum to which
she is entitled, either in money or in roads, and
this bill, therefore, ought to pass. Such is the
opinion of the Department, ana such is the opin-
ion of the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill was read by the Secretary, and the
pending question was stated to be on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Public Lands,
to add to the second section, which provides " that
' the amount of the said two per centum on the
' sales of the public lands in the State of Missouri ,
* which have accrued or shall accrue on or before 1
' the 30th day of April, 1851, shall be then paid
' to the State of Missouri out of any moneys in
'the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and
' the future accruments of said funds shall be paid
•quarterly to the State of Missouri, out of any
'moneys not'otherwise appropriated,"the words,
" to be faithfully applied by the Legislature of said
' State to roads, canals, and works of internal im-
' provement within the limits of the same."
Mr. CLAY. I wish to inquire whether this is
the bill for paying to Missouri the two per centum
which was reserved for making roads leading to
Missouri; for, if it is, I have a very different opin- ,
ion about it than that expressed by the Senator
from Illinois, and I shall certainly endeavor to ex-
press that opinion to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. This is the bill to which
the Senator alludes.
Mr. CLAY. I think, sir, at the proper time,
when I am in a different situation, I shall be able
to prove to the Senate that Missouri is not the
creditor of the General Government upon the two
per cent, fund to the amount of one cent. On the
contrary, the General Government is greatly the
creditor of Missouri in reference to that fund.
But, sir, I really came to the Senate to-day with
some reluctance, having been confined a day or
two by indisposition, and I am rather too feeble
to go into a discussion of the question at this time.
I had no idea that this bill was to be taken up to-
day, and I should prefer, though 1 do not wish to
occasion any delay, such a postponement as will
enable me to present to the Senate the views which
I entertain, and I think I shall be able to show that
not one farthing is due from this Government to
Missouri from the two per cent. fund.
Mr. BENTON. I will consent to a short post- '
ponement of the bill. Let it lie upon the table
until to-morrow, when I will again call it up for
consideration.
The bill was accordingly laid upon the table.
WASHINGTON GASLIGHT COMPANY.
On the motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to incorporate the Union Gas-
light Company in the District of Columbia. By
I the bill it is proposed to constitute James Giddings,
1 William H. Gunnel], Edward Hall, Christopher
j F. Brown, Stanislaus Murray,and David A. Hall,
and their present and future associates, a body
Colitic and corporate in the District of Columbia,
y the name and style of the "Union Gaslight
Company," with a capital stock not exceeding
$100,000 in shares of $50. The affairs of the
corporation are to be managed by seven directors, to
be selected from among the stockholders, and to
be elected annually, but those gentlemen who are
named in the bill are to be the directors for the first
year, and they are to choose a president of the
company.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to amend the bill by
adding thereto the following proviso:
" Provided, That the holders of stock in said company at
the time any debt or liability shall be incurred by said com-
pany, shall each be individually and severally liable for any
such debt or liability to the amount of stock they may so
hold."
Mr. HALE. Let the section be read as it will
stand if amended.
The Secretary read it accordingly:
" Sec. 19. Jliid be it Jiirtker enacted. That each of the
stockholders in the " union Gaslight Company" shall be
held liable in his or her individual capacity for all the debts
and liabilities of said company, however contracted or in-
curred, to be recovered by suit, as other debts or liabilities,
before the court or tribunal having jurisdiction of the case:
Provided, That the holders," &c.
Mr. WALKER. The section appears to make
some provision on that point, and therefore, if in
my power, I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the chairman of
the committee from which this bill was reported,
if this provision was inserted at the request^>f the
stockholders ?
Mr. MASON, it will be recollected that we
had recently a bill before us extending the charter of
one of the incorporated companies of this District—
the Georgetown Insurance Company—into which
the House of Representatives put such a provision,
and the Senate refused to strike it out. It was
for that reason that this provision was put into
the bill.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to the principle of
that provision. I think it is totally wrong, and
whenever it shall have been tried it will be found
to be so. The provision suggested by the Senator
1 from Wisconsin is as far as a Legislature ought
ever to go. It is as far as the public safety re-
quires we should go, to make each individual
stockholder liable to the amount of his stock. I
am opposed to the principle of making individual
stockholders personally responsible for the whole
of the debts of the corporation, and if the bill shall
contain such a provision I will vote against it. 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If I understand this bill
as reported by the committee, it makes each indi- \
vidual stockholder liable for all the debts contract-
ed by the corporation without regard to his stock.
That is certainly wrong, and it is not the principle
which we adopted in renewing the charter of the
Potomac Insurance Company in this District. The
principle we adopted then was to make the stock-
holder liable for the amount of stock which he i
held. As the Senator from New Hampshire has
stated, that was regarded as a guarantee to the l
public, and not unreasonable or unjust to the
stockholder. But this principle of making them
liable for the debts of the company would, it seems ,
to me, be outrageous as applied to the interests of
a solitary stockholder. The debts contracted by
the institution may be thousands or hundreds of
thousands, and the stock held by one individual j
may be only one hundred or five hundred dollars.
If you make him liable for the whole of these
debts, without regard to the amount of stock which
he holds, it may operate to his perfect prostration
and ruin forever. 1 do hope that we snail limit it
as we did in the case of the insurance company,
to a liability in case of the failure of the institu-
tion to the stock which each stockholder holds.
That far I thought it right to go in the other case,
and that far I am willing to go now, and I hope
that the amendment will be modified so as to make
such be the operation in this case. !
Mr. MASON. I fear the bill will be killed by
kindness; I therefore move to strike out the whole !
of the 12th section and insert the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the Senator will
strike out the words " or have held." The true
amendment, in my humble opinion, is to make
them liable for the stock held at the time the debt
! is contracted. That is the true principle which
i was adopted by the Senate after discussion, but
this provision will operate in this way: If I stil
my stock after a debt has been contracted to A,
one part of that provision holds A responsible for
the amount of stock which he holds, and me re-
sponsible for the amount of stock which I '' have
held," if I construe it aright. That certainly is
wrong. Will not the Senator alter it so that it
will read the amount of stock they may hold at
the time the debt is contracted ?
Mr. WALKER. That is the provision now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The provision as it
stands is wrong. The stockholders are to be held
responsible for the debts contracted; but it goes
further and holds them responsible for the amount
of stock they have held. The holder of fifty
shares at the time the debt was contracted, may
be held liable to the amount of one hundred shares
which he has previously held. If you strike out
the words "or have held," it will be right. I
move to amend the amendment in that way.
Mr. EWING. I think the principle is all
wrong of making a stockholder liable beyond the
amount of his stock. It operates most unfavor-
ably under certain circumstances, njid in a way in
which I am satisfied no Senator desires it should
operate. Take this case: An individual dies who
has no otlierproperty than his stock in such a
company. The company proves insolvent. His
heirs are not bound to pay his debts, if the indi-
vidual owns no property except property in such
a corporation. But if he should leave minor
children, you bind those children for the full
amount of the stock, because they inherit the
stock from him and cannot help inheriting it.
These minors who inherit the stock from then-
parent without inheriting any property, become
liable in case of the company becoming insolvent.
That is wrong and flagrantly wrong; and we
ought not to enact a legislative provision that will
operate thus contrary to the principles of the com-
mon law and contrary to all our jurisprudence.
That it will so operate is beyond all question.
An individual becomes entitled to this property
by inheritance; he is the owner, and whenever he
becomes the owner he becomes liable for the debts
of the company.
Mr. MASON, I hope debate will not be pro-
tracted. I am against this principle, but it is
the deliberate judgment of the Senate that this
principle should be incorporated into bills of this
character. I therefore think we had better acqui-
esce without debate. I hope the question will be
taken on the amendment.
Mr. CHASE. Is there any amendment pend-
ing to the amendment ?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin as
modified. There is no amendment pending to that
amendment.
Mr. CHASE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by inserting before the words proposed to be
inserted by the Senator from Wisconsin:
"And every director of said corporation shall be individ-
ually liable for all the debts contracted while he may be in
office, to be recovered by any appropriate action, either
joint or separate."
The principle of individual liability is objected
to on the score of hardship on the stockholder, as
he has no means of controlling the actions of the
directors in contracting debts. It is proper, per-
haps, that that principle should be limited in the
manner proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin.
But no objection certainly arises to the principle
as applied to the directors of the company. They
are present, one and all, when the debts are con-
tracted; they contract them; they know the extent
of the means of the company; they can guard them-
selves against liability if they choose. And it is
proper, it seems to me, that the community should
have security in their individual liability against
mismanagement, whether through inadvertence or
design. I therefore offer this amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, and
it seems to me to be such a measure as the Senate
would be disposed to sanction.
Mr. MASON. The directors of this company
are necessarily stockholders,and I can see no rea-
son why the directors should be placed under
greater obligations in relation to this company than
the stockhmders. The directors are the agents of
the stockholders. They are those who carry out
the will of the stockholders under the by-laws of
