84a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
the company. It is certainly a departure from
any principle of law, of wluch I am aware, to
make an agent individually liable, when transact-
ing the business of the principal, unless he com-
mits fraud or malfeasance. ,lt is certainly a de-
rirture from the general principle of the law, and
trust the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. CHASE. I hope it will prevail. The Sen-
ate upon a former occasion manifested a disposi-
tion to extend the principle of individual liability
to all stockholders. It is objected to that exten-
sion,that it is hard upon the stockholders that they
should be made individually liable for debts over
the contracting of which they have no control.
But that objection does not extend to the directors.
The honorable Senator from Virginia seems to
think that stockholders and directors should be
placed on the same footing. Clearly not, it seems
to me. The stockholder has no direct manage-
ment of the corporation. He intrusts that man-
agement to the directors. They have entire con-
trol of all its business; the community look to
them to be protected, by restricting the amount of
debts contracted to the capital of the association.
They have a right to look to them, and if the di-
rectors are so circumstanced that they cannot and
will not protect themselves, it is right that the
community who trust them should have some
remedy against them for debts which they im-
providently or fraudulently contract. I care not
whether the contracting of debts beyond the
amount of capital is the resu/t of improvidence or
fraud. Against either the director can guard and
ought to guard, and the community should be pro-
tected against them, whether they act improvi-
dently or fraudulently. In order to test the sense of1
the Senate upon this question, I ask the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the amendment to the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EWING. I shall vote against the amend-
ment offered by my colleague, for I consider
it very unjust, and exceedingly impolitic. The
effect of it will be that no responsible and prudent
man would consent to be the director of a com-
pany having such a charter; for it is very well
known that no one director can always control
every act of the company, and no prudent man
would trust his property to the care of himself and
three or four others, -who were to act with him,
and who would make a majority without him.
Hence the effect of the amendment -will be to
throw the management of the company into the
hands of irresponsible and imprudent men.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It must be re-
membered that the directors must be elected by
the stockholders, and the stockholders would not
be likely to confide in any man who was not a
responsible person Such must be selected. Each
director will know at least the operation of the
institution, and it will be in his power to retire
from his position when they organize such a
board as will make it dangerous for him. I do
not, therefore, see that any harm will result from
the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. EWING. It takes two to make a bargain.
The stockholders may select directors, but the in-
dividuals selected are not bound to serve, and will.
not serve under such restrictions as these, if they
are prudent men.
The question was taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Bradbury,
Bright, Cass, Chase, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dick-
inson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa. Fetch, Gwin,
Jones, Norris, Rbett, Rusk, Soule, Sturgeon, Tumev.
Walker, and Whitcomb—23. * ' • "
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Clarke,
Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Downs,
Ewing, Greene, Hale. King, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Mor-
ton, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Spruance, Underwood,
Upham, Wales, and Winthrop—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
There being no further amendment offered, the
bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
^The amendment made in Committee of the
,i h?*6 was then concurred in , and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS IN ARKANSAS.
On the motion of Mr. BORLAND, the special
orders were postponed, and the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, took up Senate bill to confer
on the judge of the district court of Arkansas
power to appoint steamboat inspectors.
I The original title of the bill was, " A bill to es-
tablish a port of entry and delivery at .Little Rock,
Arkansas," but it was reported back from the
Committee on Commerce with amendments, and
with an amendment of its title so as to read, " A
bill supplementary to the several acts of Congress
providing for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam and for other purposes."
The amendment reported was to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert the following:
" That the authority vested in the judges of the district
courts of the United States, within whose judicial districts
ports of entry or delivery may be established on the naviga-
ble waters, lakes, bays and rivers of the United States by
the act of seventh July, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
entitled ' An act to provide for the better security of the
S lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam,' and the act to modify said act, approved
! third March, eighteen hundred and forty-three, be and the
same is hereby vested in the judge of any other district
court of the United States, within whose judicial district
no porta of entry or delivery may have been established by
law; who is moreover hereby authorized and required,
upon application made by any person or persons owning, or
in any way interested in, any steamboat or vessel propelled
in whole or in part by steam, employed on any of the bays,
rivers, or lakes w ithin the said judicial district, or whenever
the judge of the district court aforesaid shall be of opinion
that the security of the property or lives of any person or
persons requires the same, he shall appoint, from time to
time, one or more persons skilled and competent to make
inspections of such boats and vessels, and of the boilers and
machinery employed in the same, who shall not be inter-
ested in the manufacture of steam engines, steamboat boil-
ers, or other machinery belonging to steam vessels, who
shall make the inspection and perform the duties contem-
plated hy said law, and shall receive the compensation for
his or tneir services therein prescribed."
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all certificates
of inspection of the boilers and machinery of the description
required by the eighth section of the act of 7th July, 1838,
i and issued in pursuance of this act, shall be delivered to the
clerk of the district court of the United States for the
judicial district in which said certificates shall have been
issued ; and any master or owner of any steamboat or ves-
sel propelled in whole or in part by steam, who shall neglect
or refuse to deliver any certificate as aforesaid within thirty
days after such vessel shall have become employed in any
judicial district as aforesaid, he shall incur a line or penalty
of $100, to be sued for, recovered, and distributed like other
fines, penalties, and forefeitures incurred under existing
laws; and any vessel of the description aforesaid that may
J be employed in carrying goods, wares, and merchandise,
or passengers, without being duly registered, enrolled, or
licensed, and having a certificate of inspection of the descrip-
tion before referred to, shall become subject to penalties
and disabilities imposed by existing laws."
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
adoption of the proposed amendment.
Mr. DOWNS. I should like to have some
reason given for the passage of such a law as this.
It strikes me as rather singular. I had thought ;
that the great facilities for granting these certificates
! of inspection, and the ease with which they are
obtained, was an evil to be complained of, and that
| we ought rather to restrict and limit, if we could,
than to extend the facilities for obtaining them.
And it seems to me to"be rather novel that a dis-
trict court of the United States should have this
power. If it has this power in Arkansas, I do ,
■ not see why it must have it at every landing place
on the Mississippi and Ohio rivers. I should dis-
like to see this, because the facilities will then be
such that if a boat cannot get a certificate at one
| place, it will get one at another. I do not suppose
! that the Senator from Arkansas has any such in-
tention, but I fear that it might be used for such
purposes. I am totally unaware of any object to
be gained by this bill, because almost all vessels
! which run up to Arkansas and intermediate places ;
! obtain certificates at New Orleans or some other
port of entry.
Mr. BORLAND. I can explain in a few words
the object of the bill to the satisfaction of the Sen-
j ator from Louisiana. Under the existing laws,
i the judges of the district courts have power to ap-
, point these inspectors within the districts where ,
there are ports of entry and delivery. It so hap-
j pens that my State and some others have no ports
of entry and delivery. As a consequence, the dis-
trict judges have no power to appoint these in-
spectors. I suppose the same evil exists in other
States, from the same cause. When boats which
have been rejected by inspectors, in a district
where there inspectors, are thrown out of em-
ployment within that district, and are thrown
into market, they are bought up at a low price
by speculators, and are sent off to the rivers where
thereare no inspectors, until our rivers are crowded ''
with ihferior boats, on which it is dangerous to
travel. We suffer very much from this cause.
Good boats are turned off from the river by this
competition, on account of the low price at which
these inferior boats carry freight and passengers.
All we ask is that the judges in our State may have
the same power which the judges have in the col-
lection districts. As I originally introduced this
bill, it was to make Arkansas a collection district,
and establish a port of entry and delivery at Lit-
tle Rock. But upon conference with the Secretary
of the Treasury, I was informed that there was no
necessity for that, and that if the power were con-
ferred on the district judge to appoint inspectors,
it would answer all the purposes which I sought to
accomplish, and save the expense consequent upon
the establishment of a collection district.
The bill reported by the Committee on Com-
merce is one drawn up at the Treasury Depart-
ment, in order to accomplish this. It can do no
injury to anybody, but will be the means of afford-
ing protection to our people against the frauds
practiced upon them by the heartless speculators,
who buy up these boats and send them to our
waters, where we have no means of protecting our-
selves.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is a grievance
which has been much complained of in my State
which I wish to remedy. There is an extensive
manufactory of steamboats at Paducah, in Ken-
tucky, four or five hundred miles from Louisville,
our port of entry; and the people there have re-
quested the privilege of having boats inspected at
Paducah without the trouble of going to Louisville
to be inspected. I wish to make it the duty of
the judge of the district courts, where there are
well known, well-established ship-yards for build-
ing steamboats, more than fifty miles distant from
a port of delivery, to appoint inspectors of the
hulls and boilers of steamboats. With a view to
meet a grievance of which my people have com-
plained, I offer the following amendment, to be
added at the end of the bill:
" Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the judges of the district courts to appoint one or more
inspectors of the holds and boilers of steamboats, to reside
in or near any well-established ship or boat yard where
steamboats are built, whenever such yard is situated more
than fifty miles distant from the nearest port of delivery in
the district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on
the adoption of the amendment as amended.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate, but I must say that the ex-
planation made by the Senator from Arkansas
does not satisfy me that this bill will not increase
the evil complained of. His object seems to be to
require that where a boat goes to an interior river,
she shall be inspected before she can be permitted
to run there. If the bill amounted to that, it would
accomplish something. But whether the inspec-
tion be there or not, the boat may go there, and if
she cannot be inspected there, people will patron-
ize her. As the law now is the inspection has to
be renewed at certain periods. My objection to
the bill is, that it increases indefinitely, almost in-
finitely, the facilities for obtaining these certificates
of inspection, so that they may be given at almost
every landing-place on the river, which will be
much worse than it is now. I move that the bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I cannot learn
by the reading of the bill, nor by the explanation
of the Senator from Arkansas, what arrangement
is made with regard to the certificates of the in-
spector after he has made his inspection. What
provision is made in the bill upon that subject?
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator will find by
examining the second section of the bill that it
provides for the deposit of the certificate with the
district court.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. How is he to
get this certificate when it is wanted, so that it may
be carried to different ports ?
Mr. BORLAND. I suppose there may be du-
plicates. We find that our boats have copies of
these certificates which they carry with them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. All I want is
that the object of the bill should not be defeated.
It is proper that suitable regulations should be
made witn respect to the certificates of all boats
that have a license.
