348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
at such examination. It also provides that an ex-
amination on the part of the United States shall
require like notice to the claimant.
Th* bill then proceeds to provide that thesecom-
misftioners shall hold their session at such times
and places as shall be appointed by the President
of the United States, of which they are required to
give due and public notice, and it requires that the
marshal of the district shall appoint one of his dep-
swer shall then stand for a hearing at the first
term of the district court, unless the court, for
snffioiant causa, shall direct it to be continued.
It then requires that the district court shall pro-
ceed to render judgment upon the pleadings and
evidence in the case, and upon such further evi-
dence as may be taken by order of the court, not
throwing the case open to a full examination of
witnesses by either party after the publication of
uties, whose duty it shall be to attend the sittings ■ the testimony shall nave been made, but limiting
the further evidence to such as shall be ordered
■ by the court in the exercise of the discretion usually
exercised in chancery. It provides that on appli-
cation of the party against whom judgment shall
be rendered in the district court, the court shall
grant an appeal to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, on the payment of such reasonable costs
as shall be allowed by the court, and upon euch
security for future costs as the court shall pre-
scribe. It proceeds to declare the principles upon
which the commissioners, and the district and su-
preme courts, in acting upon these claims, shall
decide. It directs, that in deciding on the validity of
any claim brought before them under the provisions
of this act, they shall be governed by the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, the law of nations, the laws,
usages, and customs of the Government from which
the claim is derived, the principles of equity, and
, the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
! States, so far as they are applicable.
The bill then proceeds to provide the terms upon
which this review of the decision of the commis-
sioners may be had before the district court, and
it declares " that to entitle either party"—either
the United States or the claimant—" to a review
' of the proceedings and decision of the commis-
' sioners, notice of the intention of such party to
• file a petition to the district court shall be entered
' on the journal or record of proceedings of the
' commissioners within sixty days afler their de-
' cision on the claim has been made and ratified to
' the parties, and such petition shall be filed in the
' district court within six months after such de-
' cision has been rendered." Sixty days' notice
must be given of the intention, and six months
are allowed for the filing of the petition.
Then the bill proceeds to declare "that all lands
'the claims to which shall have been rejected by
' the commissioners in the manner herein provided "
—that is, which shall have been rejected by the
commissioners, and of the intention to appeal to
the district court for a review no notice shall have
been given within the time prescribed—"or which
' shall finally be decided to be invalid by the dis-
' trict or supreme court, and all lands the claims to I
' which shall not have been presented to the said i
' commissioners within two years after the date of 1
' this act, shall be deemed, held,and considered as
'part of the public domain of the United States;
' and for all claims finally confirmed by said com-
'missioners, or by the said district or supreme
' court, a patent shall issue to the claimant upon
' his presenting to the General Land Office an au-
thentic certificate of such confirmation, and a
'plat or survey of the said land, duly certified
' and approved by the surveyor general of Cali-
' forma." And it makes it the duty of that officer
" to cause all private claims which shall have
been finally confirmed to be accurately surveyed,
and to furnish plats of the same." And as there
may be conflict of boundaries in those claims con-
firmed before the commissioners or before the
courts, it gives to the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia, in the location of these lands, the same
power which, under the act of the 3d of March,
1831, was given to the receiver and register in the
State of Louisiana; which is simply that in the
event of a conflict of boundaries, if the parties
shall have agreed to establish a conventional line,
it shall be the duty of the surveyor general to
respect that line and conform to the line so estab
of the board, ana who shall receive like compen-
sation for his services as is allowed the marshal of
the district for his attendance upon the supreme
court.
It provides that these commissioners, when rat-
ting as a board, shall be authorized to take deposi-
tions either on the part of the United States or of
the claimant; and that these depositions shall be
recorded in a bound book to be provided for that
purpose. It provides that the secretary of the
board shall be authorized and required, upon ap-
plication in behalf of the United States or a claim-
ant, to issue writs of subpoena to require the at-
tendance of witnesses before the board or any one
of the commissioners.
Having thus provided for the organization of the
board, and the appointment of the necessary offi-
cers, the bill proceeds to declare that each and
every person claiming land in California by virtue
of any grant from the Spanish or Mexican Gov-
ernments, shall present their claims to the com-
missioners when sitting as a board: together with
such documentary evidence and testimony of wit-
nesses as the claimant may rely upon to sanction
his title; and that it shall be the duty of the com-
missioners promptly to examine the claim upon
the evidence so produced by the claimant, and upon
such further evidence as may be produced on the
part of the United States, and to proceed to decide
upon the validity of such claim. It also requires
that the commissioners shall, within thirty days
after such decision is rendered, notify the same to
the district attorney of the United States in the
district in which the decision shall be rendered.
It proceeds to provide that, in the case of rejection
or confirmation of any claim by the board of com-
missioners, it shall be lawful for the claimant, or
for the district attorney in behalf of the United
States, to present a petition to the district court of
the district in which the land claimed is situated,
praying the said court to review the decision of
the commission and decide on the validity of such
claim. It then requires that such petition, if it be
presented by the claimant, shall set forth fully the
nature of the claim, the names of the original and
present owners, and shall contain a deraignment
of the claimant's title, together with a transcript of
the report of the board of commissioners and of
the documentary evidence and testimony of wit-
nesses on which it was founded. This is the !
requisition of the petition, if the petition be pre-
sented by the claimant. If presented by the Uni-
ted States, it requires that it shall be accompanied
by a transcript of the report of the board of com-
missioners and of papers and evidence on which
it was founded, ana shall fully and distinctly set
forth the grounds on which said claim is alleged
to be invalid. It requires that a copy of this peti-
tion, if presented by the claimant, shall be served
on the district attorney of the United States, and,
if presented on behalf of the United States, shall
be served on the claimant or his attorney, and the
party upon whom such service shall be made shall
be bound to answer to it within a time prescribed
by the judge of the district court. The answer of
the claimant, if he is the party upon whom the peti-
tion is served, shall set forth fully the nature of
the claim and the names of the original and pres-
ent claimants, and shall contain a deraignment of
the title. It is not required that it shaHcontain a
transcript of the proceedings of the board and of , ul(u llllc w ,llc ilMC CS5lau-
the documentary evidence and testimony of wit- iished by agreement between the parties; and in
nesses, because thev are required to be set forth in
the petition filed in "behalf of the United States, to
which this is the answer, so that the whole pro-
ceedings are thus before the court. The answer
of the district attorney in behalf of the United
States, if the petition for the review be presented
by the claimant, it is also required, shall fully and
distinctly set forth the grounds upon which the
claim is alleged to be invalid. It requires that
copies of these answers shall be served upon the
fi?rtrSe ^irty days before the meeting of
the court, and that the case upon petition and an-
the event of a failure by the parties to mtike such
an agreement, it authorizes the surveyor general
to decide this conflict of boundary upon principles
of equity and justice.
But a further provision is deemed necessary.
The bill provides for the emanation of a patent
from the General Land Office, in the event of the
confirmation of the title upon the production of
this certificate and survey of the land. But, inas-
much as the decision of these commissioners or
of the court is merely to operate as between the
United States and the claimants! And to decide no
11 contest of individual title, it may happen that,
p after a confirmation, some person, other than the
ji individual in whose name and behalf the daim
j was presented, and at whose instance it has been
!  confirmed, may allege a title to the land the title
to which has thus been confirmed, the bill proceeds
to provide that, in the event of another person
alleging a title to the lands so confirmed, he shall
be authorized to present a petition to the district
court of the United States, setting forth his title
distinctly and plainly, and praying the court to
hear and determine the same, " a copy of which
; ' petition shall be served upon the adverse party
! ' thirty days before the meeting pf the court to
' which it is returnable, and the subsequent pro-
' ceedings thereon shall be the same as in the other
'civil cases." It authorizes the district judge of
the United States, in such a case, upon the pre-
; sentmentof such petition, to grant an injunction
: to stay the emanation of the patent until this con-
flict snail have been determined by that court, a
copy of which order shall be transmitted to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and no
patent shall be issued until the decision is made by
the district court.
The next provision of the bill regards town lots.
J n the discussion which was had before the Senate
1 the other day, we were informed that there were
cities and towns in California to which lands had
1 been granted by the Spanish and Mexican Gov-
ernments; and that the corporate authorities of
those towns were authorized to issue to individu-
. als grants for town lots, building lots, and for
farm and pasture lots. The Judiciary Committee
believed that it would not be proper to subject
each individual lot-holder to the necessity of sua-
, taining his claim to the town, farm, or pasture lot,
but, deriving the title from the corporate, authority,
that it would be sufficient if the claim was pre-
sented in the name of the corporate authorities.
It was further found that there are certain cities,
towns, and villages in California, the land consti-
: tuting the sites of which had not been granted by
the Spanish or Mexican Government, but by An
individual who has been the founder of the city,
town, or village, or who has conveyed to individ-
uals the lots which they hold, and upon which
, property of vast value has been erected. It seemed
i to the committee that this also required to be pro-
vided for, and therefore the object of the four-
J teenth section of the bill is to declare that, in this
[ case, it will be sufficient for the claim to be pre-
: sented by the corporate authority of the city, town,
or village, or by the individual, where the title was
derived from an individual under whom the lot-hold-
ers hold. And in order to give security to those
lot-holders who hold upon the faith of these grants
from the Mexican Government, or, relying upon
the individual title under which they hold, have
erected, in many cases, extensive and valuable
buildings, the bill provides that the " existence of
' such city, town, or village on the 7th day of July,
' 1846, shall be prima facie evidence of a grant to
' such corporation, or to the individual under whom
' the said lot-holders claim."
The next section declares that the final decrees
which shall be rendered by the commissioners, or
by the districtorsupremecourts, shall operate con-
clusively between the United States and the claim-
ants, and shall not alFect the interests of third per-
sons. Then the bill requires the commissioners
to " ascertain and report to the Secretary of the
' Interior the tenure by which the mission lands
• are held, and those held by civilized towns, and
' those who are engaged in agriculture or labor of
' any kind, and also those which are occupied and
' cultivated bv Pueblos or Rancliero Indians."
The next section of the bill relates to the com-
pensation of the persons who are charged with the
execution of its provisions. It provides that" each
#' commissioner appointed under this act shall be
' allowed and paid at the rate of $6,000 per annum;
' that the secretary of the commissioners shall be
' allowed and paid at the rate of $4,000 per annum;
' and the clerks herein provided for shall be allowed
'and paid at the rate of $1,500 per annum; the
' aforesaid salaries to commence from the date of
' the ratification by the commissioners of the first
' meeting of the board." The next provision of
the bill is that " the secretary shall receive no fee
' except for furnishing certified copies of any paper
' or record, and for issuing writs ot subpoena; for
' furnishing certified copies of any paper or record
' he shall receive twenty cents for every hundred
