1851.
¥ HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S4$
' words, and for issuing wriui of subpoena fifly J
' cents for each witness, which fees shall De equally j
' divided between the said secretary and the as- J
4 sistant clerk." It, then proceeds to appropriate '
$50,000 for the purpose of carrying the provisions
into effect.
Thecommittee have carefully examined the sev-
eral bills which have been presented to the Senate,
and they have desired to offer a mode of proceed-
ing similar to that which has been adopted in other i
oases of cessions of territory to the United States.
The object of this proceeding is to separate the
public from the private domain. The principle of
the law of nations, which recognizes that, in the
transfer of territory from one sovereign to another,
nothing but public property is acquired by the
Government to which the cession is made, ana that
private property is to be respected, is conformed
to by the provisions of this bill. It becomes ex-
tremely desirable, not merely to the Government,
but especially to a numerous class of claimants to
lands in California, that some mode should be
adopted for the purpose of drawing the line be-
tween the public and private domain. That is the
object of the bill. We have endeavored to walk
in the steps of our predecessors. With this ex-
planation of the bill which the committee hare
reported to the Senate I shall content myself, not
feeling in a condition to dilate upon it, unless there
should be some objection to its provisions, in which
■event I shall endeavor to explain the views of the
committee.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, when the bill (
of the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,J on
which a report has been made by the committee
on the Judiciary, was before the Senate, I showed
that it was unfortunate in its provisions, and was
equivalent to a general confiscation of the lands of
the old settlers of California. I pointed out so |
many instances of the injurious operation of that
bill, that the author of it himself moved to refer it '
to a committee; and, according to the modern fash-
ion in this chamber,-with a high encomium on the
" distinguished" committee to which it went. That 1
committee was the Committee on the Judiciary.
Heretofore, and for forty-six years, bills of this
Virtjj have gone to the Committee on PublicLands,
which studied the subject. And now, for the first
time in nearly half a century, here is a bill taken
"away from the Committee on Publie Lands and
sent to the Judiciary Committee, and it will be my
business to show that the committee has been
most unfortunate, deplorably and calamitously
unfortunate, in their substitute bill, reported by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien.] I shall
undertake to show that wherein the original bill
which was sent to them was faulty and bad, they
have made it worse; wherein it was $ood, they
have omitted it; and wherein it was neither good
nor bad, they have originated something worse
than ever was dreamed of before. These are not
mere words—they are things; things upon which
we are to have the judgment of the American Sen-
ate. I shall institute a war of detail upon this bill.
I shall not engage in a general discussion of it; I
have nothing to do with declamation upon such a
subject as this; but I shall pick out the provisions
of this bill, one by one, and put the sword to them
as I go. I shall move to strike out and move to
insert until 1 have laid open the whole operation of
this judiciary substitute from beginning to end.
I say there is nothing like it in the civilized
world, and I will begin at once to verify a little of
what I say, for it is a case in which words ought
to be economized and facts produced.
I will promise what I have to show by saying
that I do not know what the bill of the Judiciary
Committee now is, with all the alterations which
have been made to-day upon the motion of the
Senator from Georgia. He made a long list of
alterations, with which my memory could not
keep up. But the part which I strike at I believe
has been unaltered, and therefore it is sufficient to
proceed upon at present, and I will examine the
rest as I come to them.
The reporter of the bill from the Judiciary Com-
mittee has made so many alterations to-day that
we cannot now tell how the bill reads. The
Senator from Georgia says these amendments are
all "verbal." Very good. Now what is verbal
but verbum in Latin ? And what is verbum but a
word? Verbum means a word, and from that
comes the whole family of derivatives: verbal, ver-
bality, verbose, verbosity, verbiage, verbatim, and
so forth. And they all go up to the primitive j
meaning, and have verbum for their father; and j
all signify words. So that the Senator's verbal
j alterations—and their name would seem to be j
I legion—are all alterations of words, wordy altera-
'■ tions. And in law words are things, and take or !
give life, liberty, and property. The Senator has
only altered words, and that is exactly what fixes
my attention. The alteration of a word alters a
whole sentence, and consequently a whole law.
But of this hereafter. Sufficient for the time is the
evil of the time. There is one part which has not
been altered, and upon that I can proceed. In the
thirteenth section, under the head of "provided al-
ways," there is a provision
" That if the title of tbe claimant to such lands shall be
contested by any other person, it shall and may be lawful
for such person to file a petition in the district court of the
United States for the district in which the lands are sit-
uated, plainly and distinctly setting forth his utle thereto,
and praying the said court to hear and determine the same,
a copy of which petition shall be served upon the adverse
party thirty days before the meeting of the court to which it
is returnable, and the subsequent proceedings thereon shall
be the same as m the other civil cases."
I pick out that proviso, and present it to the
Senate as a proposed enactment without a parallel
in the history of civilized legislation. What is it,
sir? It is suit upon suit—suits within suits—a
mountain and a labyrinth of suits. These persons
who claim lands have been previously—in the pre-
ceding section of the Senator's bill—required to
come into court upon a thirty days' notice to make
good their claims against the United States; and
after being required to do this, they are also re-
quired to come back into court upon another thirty
days' notice—and another, and another, and an-
other,** tongas any body chooses to serve notices—
to make good their claim against all the world be-
sides. Every squatter—every speculator—every
land-shark in the country is thus authorized^
serve notices—-thirty days' notices—upon the old
settlers—take them away from their crops—bring
them back into court—and then go in upon them,
and commence work. Each may allege a title,
file his claim, and demand a trial; and as many as
please can do this. Here is a double enormity, in
1 the perversion of the object of the law, in a mul-
! tiplicity of actions, and in the confusion of pro-
j ceedings. Every act upon this subject ever passed,
or ever before proposed to be passed, was for*
I single and 'special purpose—that of deciding a
question of the primary disposition of the soil—
1 deciding whether the sovereign had ever parted
With it—a mere inquisition to find out a fact, and
not to try titles between individuals. This is the
whole extent, object, and scope of every law ever
before passed, or attempted to he passed, on this
subject. Now, for the first time, we are to have
ejectments and trespasses between individuals to
try titles between individuals; at the same time, a
rigorous set of enactments for the purpose of de-
ciding whether the Spanish or Mexican Govern-
. ment had parted with their title to this land; and,
over and above that, the whole world is invited to
come in and attack the same p*rty; thus produ-
cing suits upon suits—suits within suits. And
where is the limit to their number? ' I do not un-
dertake to say how many squatters there are upon
some of these large claims, out in the case of Sut-
ter I believe they amount to thousands, if not to
tens of thousands. And by this bill every one of
them will have the right to come into that court
and try his claim at the same time—the suits all
. going on together. No words can be larger than
those used; none can be more latitudinous, or open
the door to greater litigation Contested is the
word. The proviso provides for a contest. It
says:
" Provided, always, That if the title of the claimant to
such lands shall be contested by any other person."
" Contested," sir; a word of almost universal
application, and one that will apply to a fisticuff,
or to a fight with knives; to a contention of any
kind; a term not known to the law, and for the
first time introduced into any proposed statute.
The law knows of no such thing as allowing, peo-
ple who merely "contest" to come forward and
attack the title of another. He must have a claim
i before he can do that. And who is to " contest ?"
"Any other person," says the bill. So there is
no limitation; the whole world can come in and
attack the rights of a settler, when he has been
1 brought up upon these thirty days' notices, to
contend for his lands against the whole power of
the United States, backed with their attorney,and
tried by their own judges. When he comes in
that way, he finds himself attacked in flank and in
rear—both flanks, and front, and rear—first by
the United States in its sovereign capacity, and
then by all comers and goers besides. Sir, there
is not upon the face of God's earth, in civilized
legislation, a casein which the field is thrown open
for anybody that pleases to come in and attack a
man when he is upon trial in court. Such things
are not allowed in any sort of contest, whether
contest at law or contest with the fist or cudgel.
When men are engaged in combat, if another
comes in to join one of the parties it is considered
foul play, and any generous-hearted man round
about will take a stick and knock the interloping fel-
low down. No one would be allowed to interfere,
even in a dog fight. There are some wild beasts of
which multitudes will attack one; but there are no
people that allow a multitude of men to jump upon
another person or his property at the same time.
So in law. The law abominates barratry and
champerty—barratiy, which stirs up suits, and
champerty, which divides the plunder.
The section goes on to say:
" It shall and maybe lawful for such person to Hie a peti-
tion in the district court of the United States for the district
in which the lands are situated."
There is already a petition filed against the
claimant by the district attorney in the same court,
or he himself files a petition, in order to have an
unjust decision reversed. He is already in court,
contending with the United States; and, according
to this provision, he is to be laid open to just as
many more contests in the same court, at the same
time, and about the same property, and that prop-
erty his home, as any persons whatever may
choose to bring against him—any number at a
time—and they may be tried at once, or seriatim.
Then the proviso—this "provided always"—and
it is certainly always providing ruin for the old
settler—says it shall be lawful for such person "to
file a petition," setting forth his title, and praying
the said court to hear and determine the same.
Yes, sir; hear and determine the same! A title is
to be set forth; a prayer is to be made; the court
is to grant the prayer, and hear tbe case, and de-
termine the title. And this while the party is on -
trial against the power of the United States. New
parties are to come in, with individual suits, and
I their lawyers; and the whole together to work
, against the old settler. Each will have the benefit
of the counsel of the other. The interloper will
have the benefit of the counsel of the United States,
i and the United States will have the benefit of the
counsel of the interloper; and both together will
make common cause and try to take away the
lands of the settler. This is cruel and monstrous.
It is contrary to the whole idea of creating a board
: of commissioners, that you are to have an inter-
ested party there against the claimant. The United
States assumes to be impartial and just. The
United States assumes to do nothing but endeavor
to find out, truly and justly, whether the party
has obtained his lands from the sovereignty which
formerly possessed them; and, if he has a perfect
title, to let him alone; if an imperfect one, to per-
fect it, exactly as it might have been done if the
sovereignty had not been changed.
The United States assumed that, and nothing
else but that; and this bill has gone too far—already
too far—when it has brought an attorney there to
use his arts and his skill in defeating the claim of
any person. It is going too far, ana forfeiting the
character of a just party when it shows the in-
terest which the employment of counsel implies.
' It is making the United States interested in defeat-
ing the claim. But this lays open the whole case
to an interested contest—lays it all open to inter-
ested claimants—deprives the whole proceeding
of the character of justice and impartiality—pn-
ternal justice and impartiality—which the inquisi-
tions of the board of commissioners should for-
ever wear.
But these interested contestants are all to come
in—as many as please—and with their attorneys
engaged, by every art known to attorneys, to de-
feat the party by any.means known to the prac-
tice of the law. And God knows there are prac-
tices mean enough which parties litigant may use,
but which a Government should scorn, either as
principal or accomplice. The bill proposes to
make a board, and while assuming to settle these
claims equitably between the Government and the
