1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
to them. We know that persons alarmed about
their property may lose it by an act of legislation
—an act of no validity in law, but terrible in its
effect—terrible in its consequences upon the minds
of the settlers.
I now move to strike out that clause of the thir-
teenth section which I have read; and on that
amendment I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, to the general
denunciations of this bill by the Senator from Mis-
souri I shall not reply. I am perfectly content to
rest the merits of the Judiciary Committee, with
whom I am associated, upon the bill itself. In
vindicating the principles of the bill, I shall give
the only answer I propose to give to those denun-
ciations. In regard to the amendment which is
proposed, and which contemplates striking out the
first proviso in the thirteenth section of the sub-
cided by these tribunals is, that there is a valid
private claim which prevents the land from being
considered as a part of the public domain. But
when a case of private right arises; when after the
confirmation of the claim has affirmed that this is
not a part of the public domain; when a third per-
son asserts his individual title to the property, then
a case of private right arises, and then it is pro-
vided by this bill that, upon a petition to the dis-
trict court, such proceeding shall be had as in other
civil cases. What are those proceedings ? The
party setting up this title against the claimant, at
whose instance the claim has been confirmed, files
his petition. There is an answer given to it. It
is returned to thedistrict court,and then, of course,
a jury will be impanneled, as in other civil cases,
for the trial of this question between these private
claimants. The proceedings before the commis-
sioners, and upon review on appeal from them, are
stitute, I would say that nobody who reads that : between the United States and the claimant, and
section can fail to perceive that the motion ought, ; all our legislation has precluded the intervention of
in order to accomplish the object of the Senator,
to embrace not only the first proviso, but the sec-
ond proviso, which is so intimately connected with
the first, that if the first be stricken out it would
have nothing upon which to rest. I presume,
therefore, that the motion has been made without
due consideration. But the answer which I have
to give to it is a very simple one. The object of
the Government is in the first instance to separate
a jury in such a case. But the proceeding be-
tween the third person claiming to have the title
and the first claimant, in order to prevent the em-
anation of a patent, is a question of private right,
to be decided as other civil cases. Then a jury in-
terposes. But it is said to be onerous to subject
these parties to these multiplied investigations.
Why, sir, we must separate the public from
' the private domain—and how will you do it ?
the public from the private domain. For that pur-, What has been the policy of the Government
pose it is proposed to organize a board of com-
missioners, with the right of review by the District
Court and appeal to the Supreme Court.
Congress have a further object, which is to give
peace to California. It is to settle the private land
claims in that State. I learn, from various papers
in that State which are sent to me, that this is a
subject which now engrosses and agitates the pub-
lic mind in California more than any other. After
having separated the public from the private do-
main, therefore, there remains something else to
be done. It is ascertained that a tract of land io
heretofore? You, Mr. President, recollect very
well that in its earliest stages, Congress were
so unwilling to divest themselves of the power
of deciding this question finally, that all they
did was to appoint a board of commissioners,
who were required to examine titles and report
upon them to Congress, and a party was not con-
firmed in his title until it pleased Congress, by
an actof legislation, to confirm him. So far from
its being a resort to the barbarous customs of two
thousand years past, we are walking in the steps
which have been prescribed to us by our own le
which a claim has been made is private property, gislation for the last forty years. We are only
and is not a part of the public domain. Well,
then, in order to secure the individual who is enti-
tled to that property in the possession of it, you
must give him a patent, and you must give a pat-
ent to the person who is really entitled. And inas-
much as the object of the proceeding thus far has
been merely to separate the public from the private
domain, following in the path which had been
traced out by this Government in every acquisition
of territory which she has made, it is provided that
if any other person shall contest the title of that
claimant—which title has not been decided in the
proceeding between him and the United States—
the patent shall not issue until certain proceedings
shall be had. If you leave the claimant as he is
left by the adjudication of the commissioners
and the Supreme Court, without a patent, his title
is not perfect; you cannot give him that which
will perfect his title when another alleges a title
and prays that it may be examined. Why, sir,
in substance this provision was exactly contained
in the bill which was prepared by the absent Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Fremont.] That
Senator, in the bill which he prepared, provided
that if any person should allege a claim to the land
which should be confirmed, he might file a caveat, l
and no patent should issue until that caveat had
been decided. The provision of the present bill, !
then, is merely to prescribe the mode in which the i
caveat prescribed in the bill of the absent Senator
from California shall be tried.
Again: It is said that we are violating a princi-
ple of the Constitution of the United States by de- 1
ciding upon private rights without the intervention 1
of a jury. Mr. President, it would be extremely ,
singular indeed if this Government, in the acts of
1824 and 1828 in regard to the Territories acquired ;
from France and from Spain, and that the Supreme !
Court, in acting upon the provisions of these acts,
should have been from that day to the present vio-
lating the provisions of the Constitution which re-
quire a trial by jury. But there is no foundation j
for this suggestion. The commissioners are au- !
thorized ana required to decide as between the
United States and the claimant. And that is the '
ultimate effect of the decision, upon review by the
district court, and upon the decision of the Su-
preme Court as between the original claimant and
the United Stateij. No question of private right |
arises there. The simple question which is de- [
more liberal than Congress was in the earliest
stages of the Government. The delays incident
to the mode of proceeding to which I have just al-
luded being very great, Congress gave the com-
missioners the right to decide finally on cases not
exceeding one league square. I remember very well
that in behalf of the people of Florida I had to labor
from time to time to get for them the privilege, as
they deemed it, of doing that which is now pro
nounced to be an act of general confiscation. The
Florida treaty was made in 1819; it was ratified
by this Government in 1821; and it was not until
1828, after repeated applications on the part of the
Erivate claimants to lands in Florida, that they
ad the privilege—it was esteemed a privilege—of
going into the courts of the United States to have
their claims investigated. What is the delay to
which the party will be subject in this case? The
party has his claim confirmed finally by the com-
missioners, or the District or Supreme Court, as the
case may be; then he is, according to the provis-
ions of the bill, entitled, upon producing the cer-
tificate of this decree of confirmation ana a survey
or plat of the land by the surveyor general, to apat-
ent. But a third person intervenes; he caveats, in
the language of the bill of the absent Senator from
California. The Senator from Missouri says this
is throwing open the claim to the whole world;
that everybody may come in and forbid the issu-^
ing of a patent. So everybody might come in and'
file a caveat. But it is impossible that everybody
could file a caveat or a claim, unless he had some
title; for persons would not subject themselves to
tbe costs incident to such a proceeding. What is
the delay in the proceeding? The petition being
filed, if a case is made out to the satisfaction of
the district judge, he is authorized to issue an in-
junction, a copy of which is served on the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, which re-
strains the emanation of a patent until the case is
decided, as other civil cases, between the parties
litigant.
Now, suppose a decree is made by the court or
commissioners, as the case may be. It is enough.
The certificate of the decree is obtained, and the
surveyor surveys the plat, and its location is made.
A third party intervenes, and files what is sub-
stantially a caveat—a petition alleging his title,
and praying that it may be examined and decided
on by the district court. He asks an injunction.
A summary investigation is had upon the petition,
and the injunction is granted or refused. If all the
world besides the man who was entitled to the
property were so to intervene, by filing a caveat
or petition, the injunction would not be granted.
But if a claim be sustained at the.instance of a
party in whom the real title is not vested, would
it be right that the patent of the United States
should issue to that party ? Is it not right that it
should be refused to be issued to that party until
the question of the title of another person, con-
testing the title of the claimant, shall have been
decided ?
The Senate will, therefore, I trust, see that the
committee, in making these provisions, but carried
out the provision which was contained in one of
the original bills submitted to them, which was
prepared by the absent Senator from California.
They have but presented the mode, and with a
sacred regard to the right of trial by jury, in which
that provision shall be carried out. They have
prescribed that when this question of title between
individual and individual comes before the court,
the trial shall be as in other civil cases. Under these
circumstances, I am content to leave the question.
Mr. BENTON. With respect to the remark of
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] that
he would not reply to the general denunciations of
his bill made by me, I would say that I expressly
said I would give specifications under every head
—that I would move to strike out, or to insert, so
that there should be a special trial on each point.
There will be specifications under the general
charge—specifications enough.
Now, I do not mean to detain the Senate, but I
have got a few words to say before we adjourn.
I would say to the Senator from Georgia that it ia
somewhift strange to see a gentleman who has ob-
tained his eminence at the bar—who has climbed
to his elevation in the profession—undertake to
shelter himself behind the opinions of a young
man who perhaps never read a law book, though
his bill shows that he had looked at the land laws.
I think it strange that a lawyer of such eminence
should shelter himself at all behind such young
authority. After having- undertaken to shelter
himself thus, what follows? That the mere attempt
to do it has exposed in more glaring colors than
I could possibly have done the two great blunders
that he has committed.
Sir, Mr. Fremont, now paying the penalty of
his early exposure, is confined to his house,
chained down by sciatica, rheumatism, neuralgia,
unable to go even to look at his own property,
and with a chance of returning here, he does not
know when. I owe it to him, whose opinions are
here quoted, in his absence three thousand miles off,
and perverted in order to bolster up and to justify
the two blunders which have been committed in
this section of a bad bill, to speak for him, and let
it be seen upon the spot—for it is a case which
requires no time to think—that there is nothing
in his bill to countenance the two great blunders
which have been committed. His bill provides
for no trial between " third persons" and claim-
ants. He does not even provide for the trial of
the conveyances by which the title has been
brought down from the original grantee to the
present holders. He merely provides, in regard
to that, that where the present holder is not the
original grantee, he shall state the deraignment of
title—state the change of owners—not even prove
his own title, but state it. And after that, if any-
body else claims the title, he may do exactly what
he would be allowed to do without the provision,
file a caveat against the issuing of the patent to the
person in whose favor the claim has been decided.
After that, a trial takes place upon that caveat be-
tween the contesting parties according to the forms
of the law. That takes place when the United
States have done with it. That is Mr. Fremont's
bill. He gives no trials to third parties. That is
one of the blunders which has been committed by
the Judiciary Committee, and from which blunder
the Senator from Georgia has vainly endeavored
to take shelter behind Mr. Fremont. Mr. Fre-
mont is no lawyer; but he is too much of a law-
yer for that. That is a large blunder in the Judi-
ciary Committee; but it is the smaller of the two.
There comes up another instanter, larger than that,
large as that is, and which Mr. Fremont, little as
he had read law, was incapable of committing.
Under the Constitution of the United States, and
the judiciary act of 1789, the district court has
