3&
fm congressional globe.
Jan. 28.
jurisdiction of the cases to which the United States
are a party, or in which a law of Congress or a
treaty is called in question and decided against, or
in which the parties are citizens of different States.
But the moment trials are introduced between in-
dividuals for the trial of questions of mtxrn and
fuum—mine and thine—between inhabitants of
the same State, how does, how can the Federal
courts, district, circuit, or supreme, try any such
question? This bill of the Judiciary Committee
sends to the district court, and thence to the Su-
preme Court, mere questions of property between
citizens of the same State. It gives jurisdiction in
cases in which the Costitution of the United States
and the judiciary act of 1789 forbid it. It com-
mits in that a second blunder, for which no shelter
or countenance can be derived from the commit-
tee's bill. The fact is, that bill commits the most
enormous blunder in the article of multiplying
these polypus trials, and in the article of jurisdic-
tion ; and it is wrong to quote Mr. Fremont and
to pervert his plain language in order to hide such
enormous blunders. They belong to the Judiciary
Committee, and must be bome by them, and not
thrown upon those who are innocent of such mis-
takes.
Mr. BERRIEN. I certainly have no design to
shelter myself behind the absent Senator from
California, nor haw I any disposition to take shel-
ter under the wing of the present Senator from
Missouri. I answer these denunciations of blun-
ders by simply stating that the Senator from Mis-
souri, in my judgment, does not apprehend the
provisions of the bill he has been talking about.
Sir, I said before, and I repeat now, that the
proceeding which is contemplated by this bill, so
fhr as it is necessary to separate the mjblic from
the private domain, is a proceeding between the
United States and the individual; but, so far as it
is necessary to determine to whom the patent
should issue, when there is a conflict of claim, it
is a proceeding between individual and individual.
And I referred to the bill prepared by the absent
Senator from California, not because I supposed
it could derive any authority from his authorship,
or the authorship of the Senator from Missouri,
but because it was one of the bills referred to the
Judiciary Committee, and which we were there-
fore required to take into consideration. Now,
I say that substantially the provisions of that bill
are identical with that which has been reported by
the committee, and that the only difference is, that
thecommitteehave provided specifically the means
by which the provision contained in that bill is to
be carried out. The proof of that will be found
by "reading the section of the bill which was re-
ferred to tne committee. In the thirteenth section
of the bill of the absent Senator from California,
it is declared:
" That the decision in favor of a claim shall in all cases
inure to the benefit of the present lawful owner thereof;
but no deraignment of intermediate title need to be proved,
but only alleged. And any person claiming adversely may
file a caveat against the issuance of a patent to his prejudice
until the contested right is duly decided in acourt of justice,
but such caveat shall have no effect upon the progress of
the claim to final decision."
_ What is it that is affirmed by this section of the
bill ? That the decision in favor of the claim shall
inure to the benefit of the present lawful owner
thereof, and if any person shall contest the claim
of him in whose behalf the claim has been con-
firmed, he may file a caveat against the emanation
of the patent, and the patent shall not issue until
the contested right shall be duly decided in a court
of justice. What are the provisions of the bill re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee ? What is the
proviso in the 13th section, which the Senator
proposes to strike out ? Another section having
declared that the decision between the United
States and claimant should be conclusive only
against the United States, and not affect the rights
of third persons, this section provides, following out
the idea of one of the bills which had been referred
to the committee, that if any other person shall
allege a title, and, instead of formally filing a
caveat, present a petition to the district judge,
such judge, upon nearing that petition' and the
evidence, may, if he thinks it proper, grant an in-
junction which will stay the emanation of the
patent, and then the case shall proceed to be tried
as other civil cases. The 13th section of the bill
of the absent Senator from California provides in
general terms what the bill reported by the com-
mittee has specifically provided for.
But the Senator says a greater blunder has been
coaamitted in giving the circuit court jurisdiction.
If the question of jurisdiction is to be seriously
contested before the Senate, it will be necessary I
suppose to refer to books, for I am divested of all
authority on the subject by the declaration that I
have committed "blunders" greater than those
which a gentleman who had never opened a law
book could commit. And I apprehend, after the
argument which has been heard from the Senator
from Missouri, he will not be considered as quite
conclusive authority on the question of jurisdic-
tion. I would say, however, to the Senate, that
jurisdiction maybe given to the courts of the Uni-
ted States to execute a law of the United States.
This, if enacted, will be a law.
With these observations I am perfectly willing
to have the question taken.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
A division was called for, and the President
announced ayes 14, noes 15; and that the noes
had it.
Several Senators. There is no quorum voting.
The PRESIDENT. That is a matter of no
consequence. It does not require a quorum to
adjourn, though it does require a quorum to pro-
ceed to business.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As we have no quorum
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 28, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, said his rec- ■
ollection was, that he voted in tne affirmative,
yesterday, on the motion of the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to suspend the rules-to
enable him to introduce a resolution making the
river and harbor bill a special order. He found
that his vote was not recorded. He asked that
his vote be recorded, as it would not change the
result.
There being no objection, the vote was so re-
corded.
i MILITARY RESERVATION IN MINNESOTA. '
I On motion by Mr. SIBLEY, by unanimous
! consent, the bill of the Senate entitled " An act to
reduce and define the boundaries of the military
reserve at the St. Peter's river, in the Territory of
' Minnesota, and to secure the rights of the actual
settlers thereon," was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
HOMESTEADS.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business was the call of the committees for re-
ports; and that the bill reported by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, was the first business in
order. It was " the bill of the House to encour-
age agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and all
other branches of industry, by granting to ev«ry
man who is the head of a family, and -a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres of land out of the public domain,
upon condition of occupancy and cultivation of
the same for the period therein specified." The
pending question was on the motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
' and to have it printed; and on that motion the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said, that when
the morning hour expired on Thursday last, he
was about to propose a substitute for tne bill of
. the g«ntleman from Tenn«asee, [Mr. Johnson.]
He would now send that substitute to the Clerk's
i desk, and ask that it be read. It was read, as
i follows:
Strike oat all after the enacting clause and insert as fol-
{ lows:
j That the laws now in force, granting preemption to actual
settlers on the public lands, shall continue Until otherwise
ordered by Congress, and that the samo be extended to all
tlie Territories of the United States.
Sec. 2. .And be it further enacted, That from ant] after
the passage of this act, the rights of preemptors shall be
perpetuated : that is to say, persons acquiring the right of
preemption shall retain the same without disturbance, and
without payment of any kind to the United States, but
011 these conditions : First, The preemptor shall not sell,
alienate, or dispose of his or her right for a consideration,
and if he or she voluntarily abandons one preemption and
claims another, no right shall be acquired by such claim,
until the claimant shall first have testified, under oath, be
fore the register oftlie land office when the claim is preferred,
that he or she has voluntarily abandoned his or her original
preemption, and that no consideration, reward, or payment
of any kind has been received, or is expected, directly or
indirectly, as an inducement for such abandonment; and
any person who shall tpstify falsely in such ca*e, shall be
deemed guilty of perjury. Second : Anv person claiming
and holding the right of preemption to lands under this
! act, may be required by the State within which the same
lies, to pay taxes thereon in the same manner, and to the
same extent, as if he or she owned the said land in fee
| simple ; and in case such lands are sold for taxes, the pur-
chaser shall acquire the right of preemption only. Third:
Absence of the preemptor and lus family for six consecu-
tive months, shall be deemed an abandonment, and the
land shall, in such case, revert to the United States, and be
subject to the same disposition as other public lands.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That lands pre-
empted, and the improvements thereon, shall not be subject
to execution sale, or other sale for debt; and all contracts
made in reference thereto, intended in anywise to alienate
the right, or to embarrass or disturb the preemptor in his
or her occupancy, shall be absolutely null and void.-
Skc. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the preemptor
may, at any time, at liis or her discretion, enter the lands
preempted, by paying therefor to the proper officer of the
United States one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case of the
preeraptor's death, if a married man, his rights shall sur-
vive to his widow and infant children, but the rights of
the older children shall cease as they respectively come of
age, or when they reach the age of twenty-one years; in
all cases the right of preemption shall remain in the
youngest child. And in case of the death of both father
and mother, leaving an infant child or children, the ex
ecutor, administrator, or guardian, may at any time within
twelve months after such death, enter said preempted
lands in the name of said infant child or children, or the
said preemption, together with the improvements on the
lands, may be deemed property, and as such, sold for the
benefit of said infants, but for no other purpose, and the
purchaser may acquire the right of the deceased preemptor
by such purchase.
Mr. B. said it would be perceived that the first
section of the substitute proposed simply to con-
tinue in force the existing preemption laws, and
to extend these laws to the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. He proposed this course because the
preemption laws were well understood, not only
by those engaged in their administration, but by
the preemptors, and by the citizens generally.
These laws hive been a long time in force, and
have undergone judical investigation; and in re-
gard to them, there was now nothing left for con-
struction. They had been construed, and were
| well understood. He was opposed to violent and
i extreme revolutions in matters of law, and he had
therefore proposed in the first section of the sub-
stitute simply to continue in force the existing
law.
The second section proposes to perpetuate the
rights of the preemptor. As the law now stands,
a settler on public lands which have never been
offered for sale by the United States, has the right
of occupancy until the land is offered for sale, and
then he has a preemption right to pay for it at the
i minimum price of $1 25 per acre—that is, he has
a right in preference to all other persons to enter
the land which he occupies, at Government_price,
that price being one dollar and a quarter per acre.
If a settler is on lands which have been offered for
sale, he has the right to remain undisturbed for
one year, and then to pay for it at the minimum
of one dollar and a quarter per acre; and in either
case, if he fails to pay at tne time specified, any
other person may nave the land by paying for it
at the minimum price.
Now, what does my substitute propose? Sim-
ply, sir, to take away these limitations, and to per-
petuate these rights—to say to the settler, Yon
shall be secured in the possession of your home
until such time as you may feel able and willing to
pay for it. Go on, and make improvements; build
: houses, clear fields, cultivate the soil—your labor
shall not be in vain. You shall not be disturbed
1 in the possession or enjoyment of it.
! What do I ask the Government to give ? Notic-
ing, sir—absolutely nothing that is valuable. Your
land, in a condition of nature, is worth nothing.
I ask you to permit industrious citizens to take
possession of it, and cultivate it, and thereby make
it valuable. You give nothing; you permit a cit-
izen to occupy worthless land, and in return he
