354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
to know that my friend fromMissouri [Mr. Hall] 1
has yieldetUo the earnest solicitations of the Third 1
Auditor of the Treasury, and of the select com- jj
mittee, who had this matter in their charge. ,;
I now ask leave of the committee to read an ex- ,
tract from a letter from the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, which I have received this morning. I:
The extract is as follows: j;
" X shall be unable to retain the invaluable services of ,
Mr. Rind on such terms. He is worth every cent of $-2,000. 1
His duties are exceedingly severe. They are important to
the office. A man of his ability, experience and fidelity 1
is beyond estimation in dollars and cents. He is not of
my politics, and therefore I have no political motives or !
sympathies urging me in his behalf. It is my sense of
duty, not merely to him, but to the Government and the '
people."
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman from Virginia ,
allow me a word? i
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Chairman, I have given up
the opinion, which I have heretofore expressed, 1
in opposition to the recommendation of the select i J
committee in reference to the salary of the chief'
clerk in the Third Auditor's department. I am •
now satisfied of the inefficiency of the present 1
head of that department. I am satisfied we must ,
have somebody in that position more efficient than
the present Third Auditor is, in order to transact
the business which is necessary to be transacted
in that office. I believe he is totally unfit for that
office, and I am willing to vote somebody a salary
of $1,600 to transact his business for him.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Chairman, if there is any
reason in the world why we should not adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] it is the letter the gentleman has just
read. The House yesterday came to a decision
on this matter, after much deliberation,*and now,
we find the head of a bureau coming here this
morning and asking us to change that decision, or,
in other words, endeavoring to control the action
of this House. I think it is but showing a proper
regard for the dignity of the House that we should
indignantly repel such interference on the part of
the head of a bureau.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to do
the Third Auditor justice in this matter. The let-
ter to 'which the gentleman from Indiana alludes
is a private letter, addressed to me for my own
information, and I took the liberty of reading an
extract from it here this morning. It was not
addressed to me as chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, but to me as a private individ-
ual. And so far from its being an impertinent
interference, I think it is the duty of the head offi-
cer of any Department of this Government to
communicate with this House, and to advise in
relation to business connected with his Depart-
ment. I think the Third Auditor has acted prop-
erly in writing this letter.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would like to ask whether
this letter has not been procured for the express
purpose of being used in this House this morn-
ing?
Mr. BAYLY. It was not. I knew nothing of
the letter until I received it this morning. As I be- !
fore stated, it is a private letter to me. It was not :
intended for the Committee of Ways and Means, j
or for this committee; but I took the liberty of j
re&ding a part of it. I have taken upon myself '
the responsibility of doing this, and I am not '
aware that I have done anything improper. ;
Mr. DUNHAM. I will take the liberty to read
the closing paragraph of this same letter. !
Mr. BAYLY, l object to the reading of that :
letter. I hope my friend from Indiana will take
no such liberty with my private letters. [Laugh- '
ter.] |
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman from Vir- 1
ginia protests against it, I will not read it. But \
when the gentleman comes in here and reads a i
part of a document, and is afraid to give us the I
whole of it, he had better have left it out entirely, j
He reads such part of it as suits his purposes, i
and then refuses to allow the remainder to be read
because it is a private letter. Does he expect us,
under such circumstances, to give any weight to
that part which he has read ?
A Member. Read the whole letter.
Mr. BAYLY. I will take the liberty to read it.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think the gentleman will
have to ask my permission if he reads it now, as I
nave the floor. [Laughter.] I do not choose to
allow the gentleman to read it at present.
Mr. BAYLY handed the letter to the gentleman
from Indiana with permission to read it. j
Mr. DUNHAM. The Third Auditor says in
the closing paragraph of this letter, " I hope you ,
will be able to reverse the decision"  ,
Mr. BAYLY. Read the whole letter. ,
Mr. DUNHAM. I cannot take up my time
here in reading the whole of it; but I have no ob-
jection to having it read entire if the committee
wish it, and the reading shall not be taken out of
my time.
Several Voices. Read it all.
Mr. DUNHAM. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, then, I will send it to the j
Clerk to read.
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly. Letitberead.
Mr. BURT. I object to reading the letter. I
think it cannot be read without the unanimous
consent of the committee, unless the gentleman >
chooses to read it in the time allotted him to ,
speak on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The letter cannot be read
except by, the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee. If there is any objection it will not be read.
Mr. BURT objected. _ 1
A Voice Hehas a right to read it as a part of
his own speech.
Mr. FITCH. I ask if this is a private letter ? ■
If it is, I hope this committee will not be so dis- :
courteous as to have it read.
Mr. PARKER asked if it was not in the power
of the committee to order it to be read ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in the power of the
committee to order the letter to be read.
Mr. DUNHAM. Before the question is taken
on ordering the letter to be read, allow me to say
that I have no objection whatever to having it
read, nor do I particularly desire the whole of it to
be read.
The question was tiien taken on ordering the
letter to De read, and carried in the affirmative.
So the letter was ordered to be read, and was
read as follows:
Third Auditor's Office, January 28, 1851.
Dear Sir : I was sorry to see that the Committee of
the Whole yesterday thought proper to reduce the compen-
sation to be allowed the clerks upon the bounty land ex-
aminations.
Some of them, under authority of the report of the se-
lect committee, and of the section of the law of August,
1842, which authorizes the employment of extra clerks du-
ring the session, have already had certificates at $4 a day,
which liave been cashed for them.
1 may remark, that the duty of examining old and dusty
papers in basement rooms, is a very irksome one. The pa-
pers are musty from age and dampness, and the business is
unwholesome. I have had three of my clerks upon that
business made sick by the dampness, and I have no other
places for them to work. Those engaged upon the busi-
ness have worked with great industry, more than the office
hours. I have never seen greater alacrity and industry
than those gentlemen have evinced. They have given their
hearts to the cause of the old soldiers, their widows and
orphans.
I can assure you, there will be found to be no economy
in this reduction. If men, after engaging at certain rates,
are to be cut down and disheartened, the labor will flag.
It is an unwholesome employment, and I may expect a
large invalid list during the Summer.
Besides, I shall be unable to retain the invaluable ser-
vices of Mr. Rind on such terms. He is worth every cent
of $2,000. His duties are exceedingly severe. They are
important to the office. A man of his ability, experience,
and fidelity, is beyond estimation in dollars and cents. He
is not of my politics, and therefore I have no political mo-
tives or sympathies urging me in his behalf. It is my sense
of duty, not merely to him, but to the Government and the
people.
Now, my dear sir, look at the disparity in the compensa-
tion of the beqf clerks in this office and some others. In
the Land Office, Post Office, State Department, &c., there
are salaries at ,$1,600, .$1,800, and $2,000.
About the Capitol you give the same amounts, and ex-
tras of $250—and a long recess.
I hope you will be able to reverse the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on this point, as a matter of real and
substantial economy.
Very respectfully, yours,
JNO. S. GALLAHER.
Hon. T. H. Bayly.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Chairman, I do not think
that this letter is one of that kind which should    
exert any influence in reversing tli£ decision of the • recommended, because, under their plan, the pay
House on yesterday. If it was not intended to of the clerks would not have amounted to as much
action of the committee to which he refers. That
letter seems to suppose that Mr. Rind is only re-
ceiving $1,000. The amendment, as it now stands,
does not propose to interfere with the salary of
$1,400, which he has been heretofore receiving,
but leaves him in the full enjoyment of that. He
says that it is not a matter of economy to reduce
the pay of these clerks, and to fix the salary at
$1,000; for, in consequence of such reduction,
they will flag in their duties. This gentleman is
at the head of a bureau, and if he cannot see that
these clerks do their duty without an increase of
their salaries, then I say lie had better be removed,
and somebody else selected to fill his place. If
these clerks, because their salary as fixed by Con-
gress does not suit them, are not willing to dis-
charge their duty faithfully, then their places
ought to be filled with others who will.
The question being upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
tellers were demanded and ordered, and Messrs.
Corwin, and Jackson of Georgia, were appointed
to act as such.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
ayes 91, noes 33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON called for the reading of the
amendment as amended, and it was read.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "one," the words
" and four others, whose per diem shall be $4
each."
Mr. R. said: Inasmuch as the committee have
thought proper to enter upon a discussion as to
the question of salaries in making these appropri-
ations, I think they should go through the whole
subject. They have concurred with the report of
the select committee by putting the salary of the
chief clerk at $1,600, and if they now concur with
the report of the committee which has recom-
mended the giving four other clerks $4 a day,
the recommendation of the committee will then
have been met. That is the way the Third Audit-
or has arranged it, and organized the additional
force. The Third Auditor, in the letter, said
something about the authority of the select com-
mittee. Now, he ought not to have used that
word, authority; for he certainly knew enough
about law-making to know that the report of the
committee was no authority until acted upon by
Congress. So far as I am concerned, I am willing
to carry out the recommendation of the com-
mittee, and to vote the four clerks $4 per day,
according to' the organization which tne Third
Auditor has made of the force. The general law
upon this subject is not what I stated it to be
yesterday. It is this:
"Sec. 15. And he it further enacted, That no extra clerk
shall be employed in any department, bureau, or office at
the seat of Government, except during'the session of Con-
gress, or when indispensably necessary to enable such de-
partment, bureau, or office to answer some call made by
either House of Congress at one session, to be answered at
another, and not then, except by order of the head of the
department in which, or in some bureau or office of which
' such extra clerk shall be employed; and no such extra clerk
for copying shall receive more than three dollars per day,
or for any other service, more than four dollars per day for
the time actually and necessarily employed."
The Third Auditor informs me that if this ap-
propriation had passed without saying anything
about salaries, that he would have given four
clerks the pay of $4 per day, and the balairce of
the clerks $3 33 per day. This bill has been so
amended as to give them $1,000 per annum. Tkis
$1,000 per annum is better pay than S3 33 a day,
because when you employ clerks by the day, they
will lose on the time that is deducted when they
are not engaged at their business. But when you
employ them by the year, such is not the fact,
and they receive pay for lost time. You have
now, by making them salaried clerks, at $1,000
per annum, given them permanent situations in-
stead of temporary ones. I think it would have
been much better to have left it as the committee
operate upon this subject, why has it been pro-
duced here? Why was it written? I apprehend
that the House can have no doubt that it was in-
tended to accomplish the very mission which the
gentleman from Virginia seeks to have it accom-
?lish—that of operating upon the decision of this
louse.
Now, sir, I think that the Third Auditor, in ,
writing this letter, misapprehended the effect of the
money. I think that there are some men of more
experience, whose services are worth more than
those who would be entirely fresh, and who ■
would be willing to take up with $3 33 a day.
One word, Mr. Chairman, in reference to the
extraordinary display that my colleague has made
about the Third Auditor, because he sent to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
the letter which has been read here this mommy.
