1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
357
the Committer of Ways and Means shall not include ap- I
propnations tor carrying into cffect treaties made liy the
totted States; and where an appropriation bill shaH be
referred to them for their consideration, which contains
appropriations for earn ing a treaty into effect, and for other
objects, they shall propose such amendments as shall pre-
vent appropriations for carrying a treaty into effect being
included in the aame bill with appropriations for other ob- 1
jects." ;
I will remark that this same point arose at the .
last session of Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind .
the gentleman that debate is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I am not going to debate it. !
I merely wish to refer to a single precedent. I
Mr. BAYLY said: This rule is well known to i
members of this House, and I was not ignorant i
of it. I however desire to suggest to the Chair
that heretofore, in the practice of this House, this
rule has never been considered as having any ref-
erence to Indian treaties. So far, indeed, has the -
House been from considering it to apply in such
cases, that all the Indian appropriation bills that
have been passed during the last fifty years, (or
at least the major part of them,) were for car-
rying out Indian treaties; there were other appro-
priations made in them than for Indian affipirs.
The rule to which the gentleman from Missouri
has referred has reference to treaties with foreign
nations. Such, I believe, has been the uniform
construction that has been put upon it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to £
question of order. He desired to know if the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] was debatable?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was not debat-
able. The Chair overrules the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] that the Committee of Ways and Means
had no right to report the paragraph in the bill
making appropriation for the purpose of Indian
treaties.
Mr. PHELPS said he should appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Missouri had raised the point of order, that
under the provisions of the 78th rule, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had no right to report
that section in the deficiency bill making an ap- I
propriation of f187,000 for a treaty with the Wy- |
andot Indians. This point of order the Chair had I
overruled, and from the decision of the Chair the
gentleman from Missouri appealed.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, thfe rule referred
to (the 78th) was read by the Clerk.
Mr. BURT said: With the permission of the
committee, I merely desire to throw out one sug- J
gestion. i believe it is not competHt for any j
committee of this House to strike from a bill an in- j
sertion made by another committee of the House. I
Therefore I think that this committee cannot de-
cide the point of order as to whether the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means properly discharged its ,
duty in reporting this paragraph in the hill. We
have no power to strike out that paragraph.
Mr. BAYLY. The suggestion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] makes it
necessary to state that this very point was raised
in the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
members of that committee decided unanimously
that the provision of the 78th rule, to which the
gentleman from Missouri has referred, under the ;
uniform practice of the House, does not apply to
•Indian treaties.
The question was then taken, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ? And it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BAYLY said that he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing as an additional section to the bill: I
For the pay of the Texas volunteers called into service by
the requisition of Brevet Major General Brooke $156,424: :
ProMei, That the pay and allowances conform to the pay ;
and allowance of similar troops employed during the war
with Mexico.
The question was put, and the amendment was
also agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY said he was also instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, who had acted
under the recommendation of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to offer the following amendment
as an additional section to the bill:
For reimbursing tb# State of Florida for expenses act-
ually paid for eight companies of volunteers and militia
called out by Governor Mosely, in July and August, 1849,
$75,000.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment—
Mr. BOYD demanded tellers, and they were
ordered, (Messrs. Levin, and Stanton of Ten-
nessee, acting.)
The question was then taken and there appeared
—ayes 68, noes 28—no quorum voting.
Loud cries of 41 Call tne roll ■"
The CHAIRMAN stated that by the unanimous
consent the count would be repeated.
Loud cries of " Call the roll!"
The Clerk having called the roll—
The SPEAKER resumed the chair; and the
chairman of the committee reported the absentees.
A quorum being present, the SPEAKER vacated
the chair, and the committee resumed its session.
Mr. CARTTER said, if it were in order he
would move that the committee rise.
Mr. BAYLY hoped that the motion would not
be agreed to, as this was the last amendment.
Mr. HALL stated that he was engaged in con-
versation when the roll was called in committee,
and therefore did not answer to his name. He
asked to have his name recorded as being present.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee had
no control over the matter now as the gentleman
had been reported to the House as an absentee.
The question was then again taken, by tellers,
on Mr. Batly's amendment, (Messrs. Levin, and
Stanton of Tennessee, acting,) and there ap-
peared—ayes 80, noes 38; so the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill, but gave wav to
Mr. STRONG, who offered the following as
additional sections to the bill:
Jlnd be itfarther enacted, That on and after the first day
of April next, the duties required by law to be levied, col-
lected. and paid on goods, wares, and merchandise, im-
ported into the United Stales, shall be assessed on the
market value thereof, with the addition of such charges as
are now imposed by law, at the time and place of export:
Provided, That upon all descriptions of iron, upon machin-
ery made wholly or in part of iron, and upon anchors,
chain cables and anvils, the duties shall be assessed upon
the average prices with charges added, which like descrip-
tions of iron bore in the principal ports of the country
whence imported, during the ten fiscal years immediately
preceding the year of importation, such values and charges
to be ascertained and declared by the Secretary of the
Treasury, as the basis for each succeeding fiscal year.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That on and after tlltf
first day of April next, the duties upon window glass and lin-
seed oil shall be thirty per cent., and on all descriptions of
iron, upon machinery made wholly or in part of iron, and
upon chain cables, anchors and anvils, the duties shall be
forty per cent.: Provided, That any excess of duties im-
posed by this act on any railroad iron imported for the use
of any railroad, and actually and permanently laid down
for the use of such railroad within one year after the pas-
sage of this act, shall be remitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury, on satisfactory proof being furnished that such
iron was so imported and laid down.
Sec. 3. Jtnd be it further enacted, That on and after the
1st day of April next, the duties upon all cordage and yarns
composed wholly or in part of hemp or grass, upon all
manufactures composed wholly or in part of sheep's wool,
and upon all refined sugars, shall be, respectively, ten per
centum ad valorem over and above the rate of duty now
assessed by law ob hemp and sheep's wool, unmanufac-
tured and raw sugar.
Sec. 4. And be itfurther enacted, That on and after the
1st day of April next, raw silk, indigo, and all articles
which on the twenty-ninth day of July, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, were exempt from duty, shall be admitted free
of duty. _
Sec. 5. And be itfurther enacted, That to prevent frauds
by undervaluations, and to insure uniformity in appraise-
ments, there shall be appointed, as now provided tor local-
appraisers, three appraisers at large, who shall prepare rules
for the government of the local appraisers, visit the several
ports of the United States, and perform such other duties
as the Secretary of the Treasury may approve and direct,
each of which appraisers shall receive an annual compen-
sation of two thousand dollars, with his necessary traveling
expenses, to be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
S«c. 6. And he it further enacted, That the periods du-
ring which by existing laws imports deposited in public
warehouses may be withdrawn for immediate exportation
or consumption, be, and the same are hereby, extended to
three years.
Mr. JONES rose to a pbint of order. His
point of order was, that the amendment now pro-
posed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
out of order. In the first place it was irrelevant,
having nothing to do with the deficiencies ajroro-
priation 1*11; and again, it was a violation of the
rule that declares that such amendments shall not
be made to general appropriation bills.
Mr. STRONG. I suppose that question is not
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Pending this question of order—
On motion by Mr. MATTESON, the commit-
tee then rose; and the Speaker having resumed the
chair, the chairman of-the committee reported
progress.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, kc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. ROBBIN9: The petition of citizens of Philadel-
phia, in the State of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to ex-
tend the benefits of the bounty land act, so as to give one
hundred and sixty acres of land to each soldier, entitled to
land, and to make the warrants assignable.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of lhe clerks of the post
office of Charleston.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky : The petition of the
clerks in the distributing post office, Maysville, Kentucky,
praying an increase of their salaries, which have been re-
duced by the operation of certain new rules and regulation*
of the Department.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial of certain citizens of
Cincinnati, asking for a removal of the impediments to a
free navigation around the Falls of the Ohio.
By Mr. FKEEDLE Y : The petition of J. A. Pearson and
35 others, citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing that the bounty land act of September 88,1850, shall ba
so amended as to give each person intended to be benefited
by it, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of W. W. Dean and
others, electors of Washtenaw, Livingston, and Oakland
counties, Michigan, for the repeal of the fugitive slaye
law.
Also, the petition of James G. Bimey and other citizens
of Hampton, Michigan, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Albert Miller and others, of Saginaw,
Michigan, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. P. Culkins and others, of Saginaw,
Michigan, for the same object.
By Mr. ALLEN: The petition of Seneca Thomas, for
correction of an error in the allowance of his pension.
Also, the petition of Simeon Brewer, and 800 others, for
a law granting the right of trial by jury to all persons claimed
as fugitive slaves.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of Herman Oviatt
and others, citizens of Richfield, Summit county, Ohio,
praying the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petihon of citizens of Clintoh
and'Essex counties, New York, remonstrating against the
passage of the Canadian reciprocity bill.
Also, a petition from citizens of the State of New York,
to make Rouse's Point a port of entry.
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana: The petition of Andrew
Evans and 91 others, citizens of Hamilton and Tipton
counties, Indiana, praying the establishment of a post route
from Indianapolis, via Clarkeston, Eagleton, Bexleytown,
Normanda, and Alton, to Kakamo.
By Mr. MARSHALL : The petition of the Mayor and
Council of Louisville, Kentucky, for a donation of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Louisville to St.
Louis, Missouri.
Also, a petition from the Mayor and Council of the cor-
poration of Louisville, Kentucky, for the erection of a cus-
tom house at that city.
By Mr. MASON: A memorial from citizens of the town
of Catlett's, in the State of Kentucky, representing the inad-
equacy of the dimensions of the Louisville and Portland
Canal, to afford proper facilities to the commerce of the
West; also, that the tolls are too heavy, and that the action
of the Government in desiring to apply the income from its
stock in said canal to the purchase of additional stock, ha*
operated injuriously upon private enterprise, and asking re-
lief from Congress against #11 these causes of complaint.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 28, 1851'.
Mr. CLAY presented two memorials from the
State of Pennsylvania—one from the citv of Pitts-
burg, which is very numerously signed, and the
other from Uniontown, in the county of Fayette,
in that State. They both relate to the same sub-
j ject, a modification of the tariff of 1846. They
complain very ,much of the injurious operation of
i that tariff, and depict in strong colors the suffer-
ings of certain great national interests, such as
coal, iron, glass, eotton, and woollen. They
!' think it is the duty of the Government to afford
reasonable protection to those interests, and they
' especially object to the operation of the ad valorem
! I system of the law of 1846. They hope there will
1 be a modification of that tariff, so that the Gov-
ernment may do what they regard as its duty by
giving them reasonable protection.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. NORRIS submitted an additional docu-
, ment in relation to the claim of John MacAvoy, a
soldier in the war with Mexico, asking to be re-
imbursed for certain moneys expended by him in
returning home; which, wnh his petition and pa-
pers on file in the Senate, were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the preamble
and resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa in favor
of a grant of land to heads of families; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
. Also, the memorial of the widow and heirs of
John Hood, deceased, asking the donation of a
