362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
Seimte at n proper time hy [froposed amendments.
But 1 will now, as the Senator from Ohio has led
me to the necessity of lining it, read three or four
hues from the beginning and towards the end of
the biii, winch will entirely extinguish his view
of ihe I'tise. I will do it by the simple process of
reading out of the bill. Here is presented in sec-
tion thirteen the point to which the Senator from
.New I [miipsiitre [Mr. Hale] invited the attention
of the Senate—ihe particular case in which per-
sons shall forfeit their claims, mid in which case
these claims shall become a part of the public da-
main of the United States—the case in which this
absorption or relapse into the public domain is to
take place. It says, " Every claim which shall
be finally decided to be invalid by the district or
supreme court, and all lands the claims to which
shall not have been presented to the said commis-
sioners within two years after the date of this act,
shall be deemed, and held, and considered as a
part of the public domain qf Ihe Uaiied States."
These are the words. All the lands, the claims
to which shall not have been presented to the said
commissioners within two years after the date of
this act, shall be forfeited—shall become a part of
tiie public domain. There is another case in which
tiiey are to be forfeited and relapse to the United
States—every case which is decided to be invalid
finally, either by the District or Supreme Court of
the United States. These are the cases. Now,
what proportion of the land claims in the State of
California will these two conditions involve; what
proportion of them ? A few of tliem, a small part
of them? Will they involve any given class or
quality of them? No, sir; no. JLook at the be-
ginning of the 8th section, and. you will see what
is involved. Look, sir, at section 8th, and you
will there find that " each and every person claiming
lands in California by virtue of any right or title de-
rived from the Mexican or Spanish Government, shall
present the same to said commissioners, when sitting
as a board," &c. These are the words of the section
to which the two cases of forfeiture apply; and they
include all the claims of everybody! Who is left
behind? What man, what woman, what child,
what Indian is left behind, when "each and every
person" is included? What land is left behind?
None! Not even pueblo lotsof twenty varas square,
which could not be sold for a hen and chickens!
Now we see what a person is liable to. Every
inch of land that is claimed in California by virtue
of grants from the Spanish and Mexican Govern-
ments is to be forfeited and become a part of the
public domain, unless it goes safe through this
ordeal And what use is it to talk about treaties
in a case of this kind, when the law has declared
the claim to be forfeited and the land a part of the
public domain, and sent surveyors to survey it ?
Is the treaty any protection under such circum-
stances? Every lawyer will tell you that the
treaty is the paramount law of the land, and this
act cannot deprive a man of his property. The
Supreme Court tells you so, and says that in a
case of this kind it cannot be supposed that Con-
gress intended to do what this act will do. But
what does the practical man tell you ? What does
any man that walks the street tell you ? Sir, while
the lawyers are telling you that the treaty is the
paramount Jaw, and that the treaty will protect
the title, every man that walks the streets knows
that the title which is struck by the Government
is destroyed, and that it is worth no more to the
owner to be told that it is illegal, and that there is
law for him in the end, than it would be to a man
struck by an assassin to tell him that there is a law
in the statute against murder. In either case the
result is the same; one loses his land and the other
his life, and absent law is a dead law. No man
can stand against a Government, especially when
combined with speculators; and when the Govern-
ment has forfeited any man's land and made it
public land, and surveyed and sold it, that is an
end of it. If he had a patent from Heaven it
would avail him nothing, lie is destroyed before
his remedy comes; he is harassed out of his prop-
erty and is eaten up in expenses. It is sufficient
if the owner is disturbed and harassed. It is' suf-
ficient if he is prevented from having the free en-
joyment of his property. Sir, a part of the treaty
is in the very words that I use—free enjoyment;
shall have free enjoyment of his property. But
what enjoyment has he when he is harassed by
the law ? When he has the power of the Gov-
ernment upon it ? When he has to run the gaunt-
let of three suits and stand the risk of forfeitures?
When he passes sleepless nights and restless days,
anxious and watchful to get evidence and endeavor
to collect a little money to defend his rights? Does
he enjoy it? No, sir. Protection means not merely
that the -thing shall not be taken away from the
owner, but that he shall have peaceable and un-
disturbed enjoyment of it. Protection does not
mean a remedy after ruin, but the prevention of
ruin. It means a shield thrown over you to shel-
ter you in the quiet enjoyment of your property.
But this bill, though absurd, cruel, illegal, and
void in the eye of every lawyer, yet it is practi-
cally potential in taking away the property of
every one. That is what it is.
The California question of land titles has been
presented, in some sort, as a question between the
few and the many—between the hundred thou-
sand without land and the few thousand with
hundreds of millions. Now, Mr. President, I am
so constituted, in a question of numbers, as to
take the part of the few and the weak against the
strong and the many. That principle of action is
one that I acted upon forty-two years ago, when
I took the part of those who came from the heads
of the creeks and the gorges of the mountains—
who had on their buckskin leggings and linsey
hunting shirts, and came from Nolichucky, Big
and Little Pigeon, and French Broad, when I was
a member of the General Assembly of Tennessee.
I was on their side then because they were old ■
Settlers, and were few and weak, and have been
on the side of the few and the weak, who have
rights, and who have had to fight against numbers
and against power, from that day to the present.
It is on that principle that I now act. I feel now
for the early settlers in California as I felt forty
years for the early settlers of Tennessee, and
twenty years ago for the pioneers of Missouri and
the great West. There may be but few of them
compared to the new emigrants; but I will stand
by them, nor do I attribute to any considerable
number of the new emigrants—any considerable
portion of that hundred thousand—a wish to take
from the old settlers any portion of the land which
belongs to them. There is a principle which God
has put into the hearts of men which influences
the great majority. There may be a few in Cali-
fornia, as there are in all other States, of that class
of characters called land-sharks, who hunt about 1
to find a flaw in a man's title. I suppose there is j
to be found in California a few such persons; but:
I believe that one per cent, of the hundred thou- '
sand would be a large calculation. Now, sir, I !
undertake to say that the mass of the American :
citizens in California have the same sentiments in
their bosoms which they had when here, and
which their fathers and brothers now have. None
of them would be willing to see the old inhabitants
there lawed out of their lands, or scared out of
them, or cheated out of them. Even popularity
requires us to do what is right. There is no solid
popularity without it. Mankind have a sentiment
of justice which they cherish and reverence.
k Now, having disposed of some of those points
brought up by other Senators, I come back to say 1
a word to the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
rien,] who has just been seized with a paroxysm
of dignity. He wraps himself, and raises himself
up, and looks down with ineffable self-compla-
cency upon the author of the remarks which have
forced him to alter and amend his bill until it is
tinkered and hammered into something very dif-
ferent from what it was. His bill has felt me, if
he has not: the changes made upon it tell what it
has felt. It has actually undergone a transmigra-
tion, and has come out a new animal. , ,
Now, I have to say to that Senator that I deal
not with him, but with his bill, and that I,have
proved it, to his satisfaction, to be what I yester-
day .Renounced it to be, and that he admits it -by
the amendments, he has offered. He has given it
up. He has amended-himself out of it,, He has
given up the polypus suits! He has ceased to
shingle the old claimants with writs. He has
given up the interloping, and the interjected trials.
He comes down to an injunction for a caveat!
Vast descent! Deep plunge! But no necessity for
it. We have been legislating every year almost
for forty-six years upon the adjudication of land
titles. We have passed volumes of acts; and
there is not one such section as this to be found in :
any law. If there is, I should be gratified if some
Senator would tell me where to find it. I wait for
I an answer. Can one be named ? No! There is
none such ! And if this bill had gone to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, which has always been
charged with this subject, and had they reported
upon it, I apprehend there would have been no such
section now. It is a new section. It was never
thought of before. It was never deemed necessary
before. It is wholly unnecessary, and merely
whittled down to what it is, to cover a retreat from
what is was. It is wholly unnecessary to retain
even that part which the Senator from Georgia,
altered as it is, proposes to retain. After giving
up what he has given up, he had better make
clean work and give up all. The injunction for a
caveat is secure without any new law; and if any
provision is proper, from abundant caution, that
of-Mr. Fremont is the most suitable. It states
the derivation of his title, but does not prove it;
makes the confirmation inure to the true owner,
and gives him a caveat without stopping the prog-
ress of the case. Besides that, he has a shorter
remedy with which everbody is familiar, and that
is to send a caveat to the General Land Office sta-
ling the facts, and asking that no patent shall be
issued until the question is decided. And until
that has been done, the patent lies there. This is
the way it has been done for six-and-forty years;
and nobody has ever thought of making any other
provision.
Now, what shows this whole section to be un-
necessary is, that there is copied from Mr. Fre-
mont's bill into the fifteenth section of this bill:
" That the decrees rendered by the said Commissioners,
or by the District or Supreme Court of the United States,
under this act, shall be conclusive between the United States
and the said claimants only, and shall not affect the inter-
ests of third persons."
This is enough—all that the case requires, and
precisely what we have had for six-and-forty
years, and what we should probably have had
now if the bill had gone to the Public Land Com-
mittee. There is nothing wanted but that single
clause; and even if that clause was not there, the
parties who are the true owners of the land would
have a right to an injunction to stay the issuing of
the patent until the right is tried. I should like to
have a vote taken on striking it out, so that we
may come at other points in the bill.
My information from California, derived from
newspapers, as well as from letters from persons
residing there, represents that there is a most de-
plorable state of things existing, in consequence
of the idea of losing their lands, or being involved
in expense in order to save them, to an extent
equal to what the lands are worth. Contentions
are now going on, and violence is going on, and
I believe the particular case in which there was
bloodshed at Sacramento City was a case in which
the judicial decision was in favor of old claimants
who held under the Spanish title, and was resist-
ed by others, called squatters. There has been
violence and bloodshed there, but we want quiet,
we want rest in the community.
One of the greatest curses, Mr. President, that
can be inflicted on any comm*nity whatsoever, is
to disturb the community about its rights to prop-
erty. It is bad enough to disturb one individual
about his property, involving him in the expense
of lawsuits by dragging him away from his prop-
er business to contend for his title. It is a mis-
fortune to one individual to be harassed by law-
suits; but when it comes home to a whole commu-
nity, and to the disturbing of a whole community
at the same time, it becomes a public calamity—
a calamity to the body politic—a calamity to the
State—a calamity which no legislation should ever
inflict. Tlus bill is practical confiscation—slow,
expensive, agonizing confication. Better confis-
cate in brief and direct terms. Order off the old
settlers. Let them go off at once. Let them either
go to Mexico and ask for new lands, or commence
working, with their hands to get it.
Sir, I say we ought to dp it at once in that way,
if we do it at all, and not do it through the forms
of law. The community .ought not to be harassed
and worried out of their property by the forms of
law. If we do it at all, we ought to do it in a
more manly manner. We ought to do it in the
way it was once done, and of which we have all
read; when, after the termination of the Roman
civil wars, ,the soldiers of Octavius and Antony
took possession of the farms of the old farmers
around Mantua, and when they said to them in
plain Latin—Veteres coleni migrate hec: mea sunt;
