1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
which in plain English means, Old settlers depart:
these lauds are ours. |
Sir, il will be better for us to pass a law in these J
\vor<!s—the words of the conqueror to the van- ;
qui shed—than 10 pass such a bdl as this. I
Mr. HALE. I have not interfered with these :
local bills, and I do not intend to do so; but I
simply want to suggest to some of the friends of
this bill a difficulty that labors in my mind, and 1
which I indicated by the question I put to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, which he did not answer, to say
the least of it, satisfactorily to me. And that is,
in the 13th section the provision of the bill is,
"that all lands, claims to which shall not have
' been presented to said commissioners within two
• years after the date of this act, shall be deemed,
' held, and considered as part of the public domain
' of the United States." The answer to that, if I
understood the honorable Senator from Ohio, was,
that it did not affect anything, because by the
treaty, which, by the Constitution of the United
Slates, is made the paramount law of the United
States, these titles are quieted. Now, I hold it to
be injudicious and unsafe legislation to insert a
provision in an act, for which, when we insert it,
the only excuse is that it is harmless, being repug-
nant to the Constitution of the United States. I
think it is better not to put in such a provision.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is to a
different portion of that section.
Air. HALE. Perhaps I have been misled by
the discussion which has taken place.
The PRESIDENT. The discussion lias taken
a very wide range.
Mr. HALE. I think it is an unwise system of
legislation to insert in an act a provision which is
palpably unconstitutional, and the only excuse for ;
■which is that it r n do no harm because it is un- i
constitutional. I take it to be clear that it is ad- 1
mitted by everybody, learned and unlearned, that
if there be grants of land valid at the time we took
this land by the treaty, they are preserved by the 1
treaty, the laws of the United States, and the Con-
stitution, and it is not competent for us to disturb
them. So that it is plain that this act, so far as it
proposes to divest these titles, is unconstitutional,
inoperative, and can have no possible effect in its
application to those titles which became vested
prior to the execution of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. These titles are good, and in our legis-
lation, if we undertake to divest them, we under-
take to do what we are not competent to do. But
if there is any meaning in this provision, it does
undertake to divest all titles which are not present-
ed within two years. That is the meaning of it
as I understand it.
It is said, if I understand rightly, by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, that these lands will be held by
the owners, notwithstanding this act. Well, that
may be the clear and naked principle of the law;
but what is to be the operation of it upon the
land-holders themselves? They are foreigners—
men who speak a different language from us.
They are not acquainted with our laws. They do
not know the exectltion of the treaty, or its pro-
visions. They never read the Constitution of the
United States. And here comes a man, with the
great seal of the United States, showing that a
commission, organized under the Government of
the United States, have passed upon this title, and
by virtue of existing laws he is divested of it. I
very much apprehend that the practical operation
of that will be to drive off the old settler, because
he sees the great seal of the United States, and he
sees the law by the authority of which it is issued.
He may not be conversant enoijgh with the treaty
or Constitution to know that behind this legisla-
tion he has a title which is valid by the treaty and
by the Constitution.
I do not wish to discuss the details of this bill,
but when I see a great number of titles involved
which I think to be valid, I must withhold my as-
•sent from the passage of the bill, by refusing to vote
for it until the difficulty is obviated. I trust, in
throwing out these hints, I have not trespassed
upon the respect due to the views of the very re-
spectable committee which reported the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall take no part in the dis-
cussion upon this subject further than to place
myself in a proper relation with respect to this
bill. The subject was committed to the Judiciary
Committee; and I believed it was the safest course
for the country to intrust it to gentlemen who
were conversant with the settlement of land claims;
and my friend from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] hav-
ing, perhaps, a more intimate knowledge of the
law relating to land claims than I had, t confided
in his opin;oii almost entirely. Not that I with-
drew from il'u general discussion of the subject,
nor from consultation with regard to it; but 1 did
not give my attention to it to that degree that I
should have done, if I had not had the most per-
fect confidence in my friend from Georgia, as well
as others of the committee who had charge of the
bill.
I must be permitted to make one general re-
mark; that by no act of legislation, either by Fed-
eral or State legislation, can any man, in a country
where the common law prevails, be deprived of a
vested right. We may pass this bill as we please,
and if any man have a right under a grant, or a pre-
scription founded on a presumption of a grant, no
act of legislation can divest him of that grant. And
the whole object of this bill, as I have understood
from the beginning, was to institute something like
a commission that should take proceedings in par-
tition; nothing more nor less than to give the claim-
ant an opportunity to come in and say what his title
is. Sir, it is for the interest of those who have good
titles to come in as early as possible, before these
commissioners shall institute proceedings in par-
tition, and file his claim. It is for the interest of
such to come in and file their claims as soon as
possible. This certainly is worth something, j
and if claims do not come in within two years, it
is certainly prima fttcie evidence from which it is !
fair to presume that what is not thus claimed re-
mains a part of the public domain. But if a pat-
ent should resign it to individuals, that patent
would not give perfect and paramount rights, if
the claimant had a perfect title.
I will make one other remark, and I do it with
great respect to the opinions of gentlemen who
have much better opportunities to understand this
question than I have; and that is, that you can-
not, by the law appointing these commissioners,
divest any man of his right. All that you can do
is, as is frequently done, to issue a writ of parti-
tion to these three, four, or five commissioners, ,
asking them to make a return to the court. The
commissioners go out and lay off this land to one
and that land to another. And if land is laid off
which an individual claims, and which does not
belong to the United States, that individual is not
divested of his title, even by this bill. He has a
right to go into court and avail himself of the
forms and principles of magna charta. He cannot
be divested of his land except by the judgment of
his peers, and this bill does not affect his title.
There is an alarm on this subject which is quite
unnecessary. Then suppose the individual is dis-
satisfied with the decision of the court below, he
has a right to appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States. Thatgives him theprivilege of the
laws of the land, the privilege which the Consti-
tution has given. The bill is but a declaratory act
that what is not claimed within two years shall be
deemed a part of the public domain. So it ought
to be, for, if they do not take off the part claimed,
that which remains should be deemed part of the
public domain. But that does not take away the
right of any man. j
Now, as I understand the proposition of the j
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] it is one '
not to be met nor refuted. Where any man comes
in and says this land is mine, and another says it is
mine, the court shall issue an order in the nature of •
a caveat, and it is left for the court to decide under
the caveat whose it is; and when it is decided, let
the patent issue to the individual who is entitled to
it. Unless we have some appeal, we cannot ascer-
tain what is our own. Why, sir, we are making
a great struggle to ascertain what belongs to the
United States, and when it will not be worth one
cent after we have ascertained it. Perhaps it will
be given away to somebody, as it is proposed to
give away all the lands to those who have none by
the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] in lots of one hundred and sixty acres
each, or we shall have to give it to th^new States j
to build a railroad, or perhaps five or six railroads. |
It will all go under the plea of providing for rail-
roads, or the reclamation of swamp lands, or the
duty of providing for every man who has got no
home. I do not see what will be left for the Uni-
ted States. There is very little danger of our dec-
laration in favor of the United States being any-
thing more than a rhetorical declaration of our
rights. We shall have none, and the best thing
we can do is just to convey tiiese lands to Califor-
nia, and let the California Government and the
disputants there quarrel it out. It will be a great
place for lawyers, I must confess. It will be not
aritlx nutrix Htigatianis, but it will be the most
fruitful place for lawyers and land-sharks that you
"can imagine.
But there must be some law as to what we will
claim on the part of the United States, and so far
as relates to the provision of the Senator from
Georgia there can be no objection. The proceed-
ings between the two claimants ought to be stayed
until the claim is established, and then let him in
whose favor it is decided, have the patent. But,
even then, if anything is granted winch belongs to
one who has a better tide, he can upset it. I say
this is a benignant act towards the actual settlers,
because if we give any of the settlers land I think
the commissioners should be indulgent towards the
old settlers, and let them have it as far as possible
without their being harassed with trials and all the
temptations of speculators to bring them in jeop-
ardy. I agree with the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] that there is nothing so terrible as
to bring into dispute the rights of property. But
this bill is to settle the rights of property and to
give quiet to the actual settlers.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not say anything with re-
gard to the constitutionality of this bill, after what
has been said by the Senator from South Carolina;
but I wish to say a word as to its necessity. It is
no violation of rights to say that the land not
claimed within two years shall be deemed and held
to be the public domain of the United Slates. It
was not intended as such; it was intended to make
it for the interest of the land claimants to bring
forward their claims; otherwise they will be in-
volved in suits with parties to whom the United
States may have sold the land. All history shows
that unless there is some compulsory process to
induce them to bring in their claims, they will not
do it. I will refer to the case of certain lands in
Missouri. Under a law passed in 1812 certain
town lots in Missouri and Arkansas were abso-
lutely given outright to the parties. In 1824 it was
necessary for Congress to pass a law requiring the
parties to whom these lots had been given to come
and show that they had cultivated them and had
I occupied them; otherwise they were to be given to
i the States, to be appropriated for public schools,
just as we propose to make these lands a part of
the public domain, if not claimed within two years.
It does not violate private rights, but it gives the
parties an opportunity to come in and show their
claims. I know a case which has been pending in
the Supreme Court for forty years, which origin-
ated under the act for the settlement of Louisiana.
The object of this bill is to induce individuals to
come in and present their claims in order that the
land may be occupied.
Mr. EWING. In reply to the remarks of the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] I
will say that the object of this bill is what lias
been suggested by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Gwin.] It is to separate private lands from
the public domain. The provision of the bill ap-
pointing commissioners sends, in effect, agents on
the part of the United States or investigate the
claims of those who claim land upon this part of
the public domain, and confirm such as they taiay
find valid. Now, we have reason to suppose, un-
der the provisions of the bill, that those who have
titles to lands will present them; that tlley will
come in to receive a patent or quitclaim from the
United States, whichever you please to make it,
for I should be equally well satisfied with a quit-
claim or release as with a patent, except only in
case of imperfect titles which the United States
sees fit to confirm, and there it will be properly a
patent in the usual form, or in the form of a deed
of confirmation. But where the title is perfect,
and comes from Spain or Mexico, a release on the
part of the United States would be in every re-
spect sufficient, and perhaps the Commissioner of
Public Lands should be directed to discriminate
under these circumstances, and give the letters pat-
ent the appropriate form.
But to reply to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. He supposes that the provisions of the bill
now before us attempt that which is unconstitu-
tional. To that I unhesitatingly answer, no.
There is nothing in it at all unconstitutional. If
it attempted to forfeit the title of an individual
