?66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
Jones] had raised a point order, which the Chair ,
will now decide.
Tiie Chair decides that tUe amendment offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong]-
is out of order. The amendment is in 'violation of
the common law of Parliament.
Mr. ASHMUN (interposing) begged to inquire
whether an appeal from the decision of the Chair
was debatable?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not.
Mr. ASHMUN trusted, then, that the Chairman
would not make an argument on the subject.
Mr. INGE said that it was the duty of the
Chairman, under the rules of the House, to state
the grounds of his decision. He was bound to
do it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not feel
itselfwnder the necessity of taking counsel of the
committee on this subject.
Mr. HOLMES inquired whether the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmhn] desired to
make an argument himself?
Mr. ASHMUN. No, sir; but I like to have a
fair chance to reply.
Mr. JONES called the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
state the reasons for itsdecision, when interrupted.
The bill that was referred to the Committee of the
Whole had for its object the appropriation of
money to supply deficiencies. That was the sub-
ject referred to the Committee of the Whole. The
amendment offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] has not only a different
object, but quite an opposite one; it being in part
to levy a tax, and in part to take off a tax. Hence,
the Chair is of opinion that it is entirely irrel-
evant, and cannot be entertained by this commit-
tee. The 55th rule of the House reads thus: "No
motion or proposition on a subject different from
that under consideration shall be admitted under
color of amendment." The Chair cannot conceive
a proposition more irrelevant or more opposite to
the one under consideration, than is the amend- ,
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the
bill pending before the committee.
The Constitution of the United States is very
careful in throwingguards around the tax-imposing
power; and hence it requires that all bills imposing
taxes shall originate in the House of Representa-
tives. The 132d rule of the House* in pursuance j
of this jealous policy of the Constitution, de- j
clares, that " no increase of tax shall be voted by |
the House until it had been discussed and voted !
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union;" the object being to secure full discussion :
upon every question involving the taxing power.
The Chair, therefore, is of opinion that the amend- i
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl- i
vania is contrary to the parliamentary law, irrele- i
vant to the question under consideration, and
opposed to the general policy of the Constitution,
and the rules made in pursuance of it, and must
be ruled to be out of order.
Mr. STRONG appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and demanded tellers on the question
of the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair omitted to state
that this amendment was offered after discussion
had been stopped upon this bill. The object of
the 131st rule is to insure a full discussion of all
propositions imposing a tax or duty in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, before it is acted upon. The
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
jf entertained, would defeat this object.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania appeals from
the decision of the Chair, and asks for tellers on
that motion.
Mr. BROOKS inquired of the Chair if the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill of August 10,
1846 (second section) had not already settled the
precedent, that a tariff could be made in an appro-
priation bill ? And to show this, he wished to have
the Clerk read the second section of the civil and
diplomatic bill passed August 10, 1846.
[The second section of the civil and diplomatic
bill, August 10, 1846, revived the tariff of 1842 in
providing reference shall be had to values and in-
voices of similar goods imported under that tariff.]
Mr. HALL objected.
The CHAIRMAN said: At the last session of
Congress a similar amendment having been offered
to one of the general appropriation bills, was de-
cided by the House to be out of order.'
Mr BROOKS said, what I propose to show 
[Loud cries of "Order! order!"]
The question was then taken by tellers (Messrs.
Tuck and Richardson acting) on the question,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?" and decided in the
affirmatives-ayes 102, noes 87.
So the decision of the Chair was confirmed.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, offered the following amendment:
"For defraying the expenses of an extra session of the
Legislature of Oregon, held agreeably to provisions of law,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the production of regular and legal vouchers,
$5,000."
Mr. B. said that the committee would recollect
that when on yesterday this amendment had been
offered by thegentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Thurs-
ton,] he (Mr. B.) had opposed it, on the ground
that the House had no official information that
any such session had been held, and no estimate
from the Executive of the amount that would be
necessary. Since then the Committee of Ways
and Means had received a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, recommending that
the appropriation should be made, and he had
been directed by the committee to offer this amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURT offered the following amendment:
" For the pay and expenses of four companies of volun-
teers, called into the service of the United States by Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Washington, in New Mexico, in the
year 1849, the sum of ,4118,410 80."
Mr. B. wished merely to say, that the payment
of these companies was recommended by the
Secretary of War, and by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. These companies were actively en-
gaged in the service of the United States in New
Mexico before the army was sent to that point.
They served their time, and it was the duty of the
Government to pay them. Estimates were regu-
larly sent in for every item of the amount.
~ Tellers were called for and ordered on the amend-
ment, and
The question being taken by tellers (Messrs.
Johnson, of Arkansas, and McLean, of Ken-
tucky, acting) it was decided in the affirmative—
ayes 81, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
TARIFF HOME VALUATION.
Mr. SACKETT offered the following amend-
ment:
And be if further enacted, That on and after the first day
of April next, the duties required by law to be levied, col-
lected , and paid on goods, wares, and merchandise, im-
ported into the United States, shall be assessed on the
market value thereof, with the addition of such charges as
are now imposed by law, at the time and place of import.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out 1
of order, for the reasons applicable to the amend-
I ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
! Strong.]
THE TARIFF AND HARBORS.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following amend-
ment:
And be it further enacted, That on and after the first day
of April next, the duties required by law to be levied, col- j
, lected, and paid on goods, wares, and merchandise, im-
ported into the United States, shall be assessed on the
market value thereof, at the several ports of entry where the
same shall arrive within the United States, at the time of
such arrival: Provided, That upon all descriptions of iron,
upon machinery made wholly or in part of iron, and upon
anchors, chain cables and anvils, the duties shall be as-
sessed upon the average prices with charges added, which
like descriptions of iron bore in the principal ports of the
country whence imported, during the ten fiscal /bars imme-
diately preceding the year of importation, such values and
charges to be ascertained and declared by the Secretary of
the Treasury, as the basis for each succeeding fiscal year,
i Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That on and after the
first day of April next, the duties upon window glass and
linseed oil shall be thirty per cent., and on all descriptions
of iron, upon machinery made wholly or in part of iron,
and upon chain cables', anchors and anvils, the duties shall
be forty per cent.: Provided, That any excess of duties im-
posed by this act on any mil road iron imported for the use
o£ any railroad, and actually and permanently laid down
for the use of such railroad within one year after the pas-
sage of this act, shall be remitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury, on satisfactory proof being funii^Jied that such
I iron was so imported and laid down.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That on and aflter the
1 first day of April next, the duties upon all cordage and yarns
composed wholly or in part of hemp or grass, upon all
manufactures composed wholly or in part of sheep's wool,
and upon all refined sugars, shall be, respectively, ten per
centum ad valorem over and above the rate of duty now as-
sessed by law on hemp and sheep's wool, unmanufactured I
and raw sugar. I
i Sic. 4. And be it further enacted, That on and after the
first day of April next, raw silk, indigo, and all articles
which on tlie twentv-nintli (lav of Julv, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, were exempt from dutv, shall be admitted
free of duty.
Sec. 5. And bcit further cnartrrl, That to prevent frauds
by under valuations, and to insure uniformity in appraise-
ments, there shall be appointed, as now provided for local
appraisers, three appraisers at large, who shall prepare rules
for the government of the local appraisers, vi-it the several
ports of tlie United States, and perform such other duties
as the Secretory of the Treasury may approve and direct,
each of which appraisers shall receive an annual compen-
sation of two thousand dollars, with his necessary traveling
expenses, to be fixed !>y the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That the periods du-
ring which by existing laws imports deposited in public
warehouses may be withdrawn for immediate exportation
or consumption, be, and the same are hereby, extended to
three years.
Sec. 7. And that out of the revenues in the Treasury,
obtained by this modification of the duties on imports, the
following sums shall be appropriated :
For a breakwater structuie at the harbor of Burlington,
on Lake Champlain, $15,000.
For a breakwater structure at the harbor at Plattshurg,
on Lake Champlain, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on
Lake Champlain, $10,000.
For repairs and working of dredge on Lake Champlain,
$9,000.
For improvement of the harbor at Port Ontario, on Lake
Ontario, $15,000.
Fey; the improvement of the harbor at Oswego, on Lake
Ontario, $40,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Big
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Little
Sodas Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, $90,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Oak
Orchard Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,500.
For a dredge boat on Lake Ontario, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Buffalo, on Lake
Erie, and the repair and extension of the sea wall thereat,
$50,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Dunkirk, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cattaraugus, on
Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Erie, on Lake Erie,
$40,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cowneaut, on
Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cunningham's Bay,
on Lake Erie. $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Ashtabula, $15,000.
For the improvement of thejiarbor at the mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cleveland, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Ver-
million river, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Huron, on Lake
Erie, $6,000.
For the improvement of the barborat Sandusky, on Lake
Erie, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Monroe, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
\ For a dredge boat for Lake Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Michigan City, on
, Like Michigan, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Chicago, on Lake
Michigan, $15,000.
For a breakwater structure at the harbor of Waukegan,
on Lake Michigan, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Joseph, oil Lake
Michigan, $20,000.
For the improvement of tlie harbor at the mouth of the
Kalamazoo river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
! river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Milwaukie, on
Lake Michigan, $20,000.
! For the improvement of the harbor at Racine, on Lake
Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Southport, on Lake
Michigan, $15,000.
For a dredge boat on Lake Michigan, $20,000.
For continuation of the surveys of the Northern and
Northwestern Lakes, $25,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Louis, on the
Mississippi river, $50,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Havre de Grace, in
Maryland, $20,000.
For a breakwater structure at Great Point, Nantucket, in
1 Massachusetts, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at New Bedford, Mas-
sachusetts, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Provincetown,
Massachusetts, $10,000. ^
For the improvement of the h arbor at Wilmington, N orur
Carolina, and a resurvey of the Cape Fear r'ver below
Wilmington, and for the survey of the harbor at the: mouth
of Newriver, below Jacksonville, North Carolina, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Bridgeport, Con-
necticut, $10,000. „ ,..
For the improvement of the harbor at Savannah, and the
naval anchorage near Fort Pulaski, $50,000.
For the construction of a breakwater structure at Stam-
ford Ledge, in the harbor of Portland, Maine, $•20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Falmouth, Mas -
chusetts, between Buzzard's Bay and Vineyard Sound,
&4 500 a
f-or the improvement of the harbor at Providence, and
