THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $|
n 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1851.
New Series No. 24.
Ohio; Sally Atkins and 64 other ladies of Ohio; J. H.
Miller and 49 6ther citizens of Ohio; William Scott and 90
other citizens of Richland county, Ohio; William T. Paul
and 27 other citizens of Richland county, Ohio; John
Leonard and 93 other citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio;
Joseph McElroy and 37 other citizens of Fayette county,
Ohio; Adam F. Day and 37 other citizens of Payette coun-
?, Ohio; and C. D. Lamhorn and 27 other citizens of
ayette county, Ohio.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of John Morris, of Cler-
mont county, Ohio, asking Congress to grant hipi one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land.
Also, the petition of Deloss Laughlin and 58 others, ask-
ing Congress to establish a post road from Williamsburg,
Clermont county, to Newhope, Brown county, Ohio.
By Mr. FRF.EDLEY : The petition of George G. Lieper
and 175 others, citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania,
asking that the bounty land act of September 28,1850, shall
be so amended as to give to each person intended to be
benefited by it, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. McDONALD : The petition of A. M. Crane and
15 others, praying the passage of efficient laws for the se-
curity of persons and property on board of steam vessels.
By Mr. DISNEY : The memorial of certain citizens of
Cincinnati, asking Congress to remove the impediments to
a free navigation around the Falls of the Ohio.
By Mr. SWEETSEB: The petition of John Benedict
and 111 others, citizens of Peru township, Warren county,
Ohio, for the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: Additional evidence in support
of the petition of Solomon L* Howes.
IN SENATE.
Wednesdat, January 29, 1851.
Mr. CLAY. I have been requested to present
the petition of deputy clerks in the post office at
Maysville, Kentucky, in which they represent the
hardship of their condition in consequence of the
incompetency of their pay; and praying that there
may be some additional allowance made in the
new post office bill, so that the head of the post
office may be enabled to pay them more liberally
for their service, or that they may be placed upon
the footing of other clerks.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAY. I have also a petition, signed by
a number of persons in Philadelphia, calling the
attention of Congress to the military bounty land
law of September 28, 1850, of which they com-
plain. They think that injustice has been done
by that law to those who served in the last British
war, only forty acres of land being allowed to
them, while those serving in the Mexican war
were allowed one hundred and sixty acres, and
they pray that one hundred and sixty acres may
be allowed in all cases without regard to the time
of service. Without meaning to express any opin-
ion upon the subject, I move that the memorial be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. HALE. I have several petitions which I
desire to present—two are from citizens of Mont-
gomery county, in the State of Pennsylvania, quite
numerously signed, in which they very earnestly
pray for the immediate repeal of the law providing
for the recapture of fugitive slaves. I have also
another from South Turn worth, Carroll county,
in New Hampshire, in which they tell us it is
always safer to obey God than man, let the law
of man be what it will, for or against the law of
God. They refresh our memories with the fact
that Daniel, though cast into the lion's den, and
Shadrac, Meshac, and Abednego into a fiery fur-
nace, yet came out safe. They give us to under-
stand also that they are brought to the dilemma,
to the crisis, to the alternative, either to obey the
law of man and disobey the law of God, or to obey
the law of God and disobey the law of man, and
ask if they shall hesitate in making their choice?
I have one also from citizens of Pennsylvania, in
which they tell us that they view with deep con-
cern the efforts to enlarge the area of slavery, fos-
ter its growth, and increase its power, so as to give
it a controlling influence over the policy of the
Government and the destinies of the country.
They earnestly request us to prohibit by positive
I law the holding of slave* in any of the Territories
of the United States; that we do not admit any
more slave States into the Union, nor make any
compromise calculated to lead to the admission of
any such at a future time; and that we abolish
24
slavery in the District of Columbia. These re-
quests are extremely reasonable, and I hope they
will be granted.
I have one more from citizens of New York,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage, which
I desire may be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; the others, I presume,
will take the usual course, and be laid on the table.
The petitions relating to slavery and the slave
laws were respectively laid on the table, and that
from New York was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON. I have received a petition,
signed by a number of citizens of Pennsylvania
and Delaware, similar to the petition presented by
the Senator from Kentucky, respecting the land
given to soldiers in the Mexican war, which I
move to refer to the Committee on the Public
Lands,
It was so referred.
Mr. STURGEON. I have also committed to
my care a paper signed by "William Wilkins Guth-
rie, of Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio, upon the
subject of explosions of steam boilers. With Mr.
Guthrie I have an acquaintance of some years. I
know that he is a practical man. He served his
time as a machinist; he has since been engaged in
running steamboats in the capacity of engineer, or
as commander or captain, and is very familiar with
the subject upon which he writes. He premises
his remarks by stating that steam power is neces-
sarily a dangerous agent. He goes on to state
that steam power is comparatively safe when it is
confined to a certain pressure to the square inch.
Above that the danger increases in rapid progres-
sion. He supports that remark by some very
sensible observations, which clearly indicate that
he has an intelligent knowledge of the subject.
He recommends the passage of a law to confine
captains and engineers to a certain amount of
pressure to the square inch, and if they go beyond
that, and it shall be proved against them, he recom-
mends that they be made liable in a civil suit to dam-
ages for the injury that may bedone. Mr. Guth-
rie is now actually engaged in the business of
manufacturing Steam engines, and he writes me a
letter which he asks me to read to the Senate. If,
therefore, there be no objection, I will present it as
a petition, and ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce and pryited.
It was so referred, and the question of printing
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Gasconade county, Missouri, asking the
right of way and a donation of land for the Pacific
Railroad; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. MASON presented a petition from John J.
Combs, asking the bounty land to which has father
was entitled as a soldier during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
Mr. MASON. I ask leave to present a memo-
rial of the trustees of the Mercer Monument Asso-
ciation, asking that the monument ordered to be
erected to the memory of General Hugh Mercer,
in pursuance of a resolution of Congress, may be
erected.
I also present resolutions of the Common Coun-
cil of Fredericksburg, Virginia, and a memorial
of citizens of that place, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the erection of a monument to General
Hugh Mercer, in pursuance of a resolution of
Congress.
These memorials are of a kindred character with
one presented some days ago by my colleague,
and one presented by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, which was explained by him to
the Senate. Congress,in the month of April, 1777,
directed that a monument should be erected to the
memory of General Warren, at Boston, Massa-
chusetts, and one to the memory of General Mer-
cer, at Fredericksburg, Virginia, but no further
steps were taken to carry the resolutions of Con-
gress into effect. At the present session of the
General Assembly of Virginia a law has been
passed incorporating trustees, by the title of the
Trustees of the Mercer Monument Auaciation in
Fredericksburg, Virginia, to carry inW'effect the
resolutions of Congress passed in 1777, if an ap-
propriation shall now be made by Congress for
that purpose. One of the memorials which I now
present is submitted on the part of that associa-
tion. It is accompanied by resolutions of the
Common Council of Fredericksburg and of in-
habitants of that vicinity, and I ask that they may
be referred to the Committee on the Library.
They were so referred.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from in-
habitants of Little Egg I^irbor, asking an appro-
priation to protect the harbor from injury by
washing away; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WINTHROP presented a memorial from
the clerks employed in the post office at Boeiou,
setting forth that the salaries received by them are
inadequate to the arduous and responsible duties
performed, and asking that they may be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
j Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
| zens of tlie United States, asking that the public
1 lands may be granted in limited quantities to
actual settlers not possessed of other lands; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred House bill No.
101 for the relief of C. H. Pix, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 182 for the relief of An-
drew Smith, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
William D. Porter, asking to be reimbursed for
certain expenses incurred by him in bringing over
A mill Bey and suite, reported a "bill for the relief
of Lieut. Com. Wm. L. Porter, of the United
States Navy; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred Senate bill 390,
to provide for the survey of public lands in Cali-
fornia, the granting of donation privileges thereon,
and for other purposes, reported back the same
with sundry amendments.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
William Hart, asking remuneration for removing
certain Indians, submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred House bill No. 286,
for the relief of Child, Fair & Co., of St. Louis,
Missouri, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorials of the several marine insu-
rance companies of Philadelphia, asking ah increase
of the salary of the judge at Key West, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Rufus Porter, asking an
appropriation to enable him to extend his experi-
ments, and apply the mode of aerial locomotion
invented by him on a scale of practical utility, re-
ported that the committee, in the first instance, had
determined to ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, but reflecting that another of similar
import had b.een referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, they would ask to have this referred
to that committee, so that if they are to fly they
may have the wings.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
