1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
has been, for the Government has retained what Mr. CLEMENS. The sum was originally
was deemed due. There is a statement of the as- ' $7,486, and there was a credit given to the com-
sistant quartermaster general, in which he charges pany for some cloth purchased under price, which
against this company the difference between the brought the amount down to $6,085 45, which
contract prices for woolens which were purchased was retained by the Government. Now this is a
in lieu of those not delivered, and the amount
which he charges is the sum paid for those wool-
ens. The evidence is that the company did fur-
nish additional woolens at less than the contract
price; but taking the statement of the assistant
quartermaster, it appears that the amount of dam-
age was *6,085 45, and this bill has been reported
to refund to the company the amount whicn was
retained as damages. There, is, therefore, noth-
ingdark in this transaction.
The friends of this company, if they have any,
might argue that the sum here claimed was not
actually lost, inasmuch as the company afterwards
sold cloth to the Government for less than the
contract price. The sum was retained from the
amount due to this company for cloth actually
furnished, and that is the sum which it is proposed
to refund to them. We do not necessarily go into
the question whether the Government lost this
under the contract. It is enough to know that
this is the cum of money which the Government
retrained, and then to inquire whether the Gov-
ernment should have retained that sum from the
company or not. I hold that where it is shown
that the violation of a contract has not been the
fault of the contractors, bat their misfortune;
where it has been in consequence of a visitation of
God rather than their own dereliction, it is but
just that the Government should release them.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to submit an amend-
ment; but, before I do so, 1 will remark that the
practice of the Government has not shown it to, be
heretofore so liberal as it appears that it is to be j
now. When, however, the failure to fulfill a con- |
tract has not been the fault of the party, I am quite j
willing that he shall not suffer in consequence of i
that failure, though it has not heretofore been the ■
practice of the Government. I know of cases of
extreme hardship of that character where relief
has been refused I know of a case in my own
State, where a party contracted to furnish timber,
which he had purchased, but was prevented from
delivering solely by the breakage of the Chesa-
peake and Delaware canal. He failed in conse-
quence of that, and the Government retained
more than one thousand dollars as damages from
the amount which should be paid for the timber
which was delivered; and Congress has repeatedly
refused to pay him that sum, although thecirctjm-
stances were, as the Senate will perceive, very
similar to those stated in this case. I am inclined,
however, to act liberally. 1 wish it to appear
upon the statute book for what this money is to
be paid. I therefore move to amend the bill by
adding to it the following:.
" Being the amount retained by the United States as dam-
ages for the failure of the said company to furnish a certain
quantity of cloth, according to a contract made the 1st day
of May, 1848."
Mr. MASON. I dare "say it would be better
that these bills should upon their faces describe
the purpose of the appropriation. If this were a
new matter, I should not object to it; but the effect
of describing upon the face of the bill the object of
the appropriation will be to destroy the bill; for if
we amend it, it must go back to the House. I j
submit, then, to the Senator from Maryland, un- '
derstanding that he does not oppose the bill, if it i
is desirable to defeat the measure in order to carry j
this amendment ? There can be no danger that
this appropriation will be asked for again, as the ji
papers in the case are always retained at the Sec- -;
retary's office, or the office of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, and those papers show i,
the object of the appropriation. I hope, therefore, !
that the amendment will not be insisted upon.
Mr. CLEMENS. We have got so much into '
the habit of voting away the public money upon .......
slight showing that I have little hope of prevent- to the House, and it is doubtful whether the bill
ing the passage of this bill. I have drawn out can ever be reached there. 1 hope, therefore, that,
now from the Senator from Mississippi what he as this is a case of clear justice and equity, we
did not state before. I have ascertained now that will pass the bill without the amendment,
the exact amount of damages is $6,085 45. Mr. CLEMENS. If the memory of the Sena-
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not say so. tor from New Hampshire were as retentive in
I said that that was the statement of the sum of everything relating to the printing contract as in
money retained by the Government; whether it be everything relating to "niggerdom, he would
the actual amount of the damage sustained or not, i recollect that at the last session I contended that
dues not matter. That is the sum which was re- j that printing contract should be executed to the
tained as damages by the Government. ' letter. I took that ground then, and I take it now.
very small portion of the damage which the Gov-
ernment sustained. The amount of money re-
tained is scarcely any part of the damage actually
sustained. You must take into the estimate the
amount of damage sustained by the troops in the
field on account of the failure of this company to
comply with their contract. There are half a
dozen other things which must be taken into the
estimate, to show the importance of requiring the
parties to perform their contract to the letter.
The company now tell us that the failure was not
their fault, inasmuch as the ship bringing them
materials was shipwrecked. But have they shown
that they exercised due vigilance? Have they
shown that they, made every effort that could be
made to perform their contract? Have they
shown that this ship was freighted in time to have
allowed them to fulfill their contract? Where is
the diligence they have exercised? What right
have they, then, to come forward and ask us to
release them from a contract into which they de-
liberately entered, had ample time to perform, and
which they have not shown that they exercised
due diligence in performing ?
The Senator from Mississippi says that there is
nothing dark about this matter. I did not charge
that there was; I charged that the parties had not
shown what they ought to show to entitle them
to relief; or, if they had shown it to one or two
friends of the measure and left the rest to the Sen-
ate in darkness, I simply asked for time to ex-
amine the papers. There may be evidence among
them that will change my opinion. The Senator
from North Carolina says that we ought not to
exact the pound of flesh in this case. In my opin-
ion the Government should require every party to
perform his contract. The Government must
hold each party that contracts with it to a rigid
performance of the contract. I will venture to
say that a contract has not been violated within
the United States for the last ten years without
the party coming forward and trying to redeem
himself from damages. If there be any other
showing in the papers in this case, I do not know
it. There may be. I have simply asked for
time to examine the papers.
Mr. HALE. I am situated somewhat like the
Senator from Alabama. I do not wish fo vote
the public money away unless a clear case of jus-
tice is shown. I so seldom see a case so clear as this
that I am anxious to vote Tor it. I confess I was
surprised to hear the Senator from Alabama preach
up the doctrine of holding contractors to the strict
performance-of their contracts, because I have a
friend who contracted to do the public printing,
and L remember that at the last session the doc-
trine set forth on that side of the Chamber was,
that we ought to be magnanimous to a- contractor
|; who endeavored to do his duty and tried to per-
form his contract. I hope we will do nothing
which will serve as a precedent to prevent our
magnanimity having full range when that subject
comes up. I do not believe that it is just or mag-
nanimous for the Government to put itself in the
position of an inexorable creditor. This company,
if I understand the matter, have faithfully per-
formed their contract as far as they were able, and
part of the goods were fairly delivered according
to the contract, and paid for by the Government
at the contract price. The question is simply
whether we will withhold the value of the goods
we received, because by the act of Gad the con-
tractors were unable to perform the whole of their
contract.
■* In regard to the amendment, I think exactly as
the Senator from Virginia does. We have now
but about twenty-odd days of the session left, and
if we adopt the amendment the bill must go back
~w T r a •. •  1_ -±1 1 '11
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I stated very early
in this debate that I was quite willing to allow the
matter to go over, so as to give the Senator from
Alabama an opportunity to examine the papers in
the case. If he had examined them I am quite
sure he would not have made adfcpd remarks
which he has made. He would ndipie supposed
that the damages had been reducedas he stated.
There was no other question for the Senate to de-
cide than whether they will withhold this sum as
damages on account of the failure of the company to
comply with their contrct, when the proof is com-
plete that the failure was not the fault of the con-
tractors. The law has been executed; damages
have been retained, and the contractors now come
and ask to be relieved from the operation of the
law. That is all.
I am in favor of holding-contractors to a very
close responsibility and accountability. I believe
no committee has made so many adverse reports
upon such applications as the committee reporting
this bill and recommending its passage. If I haa
drawn ,up the bill myself, I should probably have
used such terms as the Senator from Maryland
wishes to be used. But if his amendment prevails,
I fear the bill will be lost between the two Houses,
i i I am willing to let the bill lie over for the purpose of
ji giving Senators an opportunity to examine the pa-
j. pers, but I will mot make any motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the further con-
I j sideration of the bill be postponed until to-morrow,
j The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives have
passed a bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1851,
and a joint resolution for the relief John H. Hoone; in
which they request the concurrence of the Senate.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the
State of California, the question pending being
upon the amendment which was offered yesterday
by Mr. Walker, to add at the end of the thir-
teenth section of the bill the following proviso:
" Provided, however, That in every case where a patent
shall be issued the patent shall operate as a relinquishment
only of the title of the United States to the land patented."
Mr. WALKER. I have offered this amend-
ment for the simple purpose of declaring what
Senators in their places have declared to be their
intention. From some remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio yesterday, I take it that he at least
draws a distinction between the usual patent
granted and a mere quitclaim or relinquishment of
the lands on the part of Government. I offer this
amendment in order that it may be clearly ex-
pressed in the bill what the object of Congress is.
The amendment will have no other effect than
declaring in the bill what Senators in their places
have often declared to be the object.
Mr. BALDWIN. Is it in order to move an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would inform
the Senator that the proposition of the Senator
from Wisconsin is to amend the amendment
which has been reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary. Therefore it is not open to amend-
i ment.
Mr. FOOTE. I attach no importance to the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, ex-
cept that it may give us his vote. I conceive that
the legal effect of the bill will be precisely the
same without as with his amendment, and shall
therefore vote for it.
Mr. EWING. I see no objection to the amend-
ment. It seems to me to be only carrying out the
effect of the bill.' I think it right.
Mr. BADGER. Notwithstanding I believe
what is said by the Senator from Ohio to be
strictly correct, I think this amendment ought not
to be made, because it sanctions this proposition,
that without the amendment this patent would be
something besides a release of the right of the
United States. Now, in the first place, the United
States can never undertake to convey any title but
their own, and it is perfectly clear that when,
upon the face of the patent, the United States re-
ceives no consideration for the conveyance, it can
have no operation but guaranty the validity of the
patent.
