372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29*
From die nature of the case it must be a mere
release or quitclaim. Why put it in the bill ?
Why put it there except upon the supposition that
without this provision the patent will De something
more than ^^elease of the title of the United
States ? it there but to introduce into our
legislation ^^acknowledgment of a principle
which may hereafter operate viciously ? For we
shall, by adopting it, by making it a part of
this law, give the authority of Congress to this
proposition, that wherever, under similar circum-
stances, a patent shall issue, though without any
consideration made to the United States for it, if
there be no such proviso in the law authorizing
the issue of that patent, it will amount to some-
thing more than a release of the claim or title of
the United States. As the patent in this case can-
not by any possibility operate beyond that, why
put in a proviso, which implies that, without such
provision, it will in other cases have another and
a farther operation ?
Besides, sir, I presume if this becomes a law,
in the General Land Office a form will be set for
patents to be issued under it, and that form will
express upon the face of the patent, either by a
recital in the preamble, or by an explanation added
to the granting part of the patent, the reason why
the patent is issued. This will not only by the
nature of the case, but upon the inspection of the
instrument, show that it was intended only as a
release of the title of the United States. It seems
to me, therefore, that as at all events the proviso
can accomplish no object which will not be accom-
plished without it, and as it seems to me it may
be made instrumental in other cases for the estab-
lishment of a vicious principle, and may be the
instrument of wrong and injury, it ought not to
be adopted.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Government of the Uni-
ted States by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo ac-
quired this territory. Under the operation of the
principle of the law of nations and the stipulations
of the treaty, they acquired only what was the
public domain of the ceding Government. Their
duty, therefore, was, under the pledge given in
the treaty, to separate the public from the private
domain; first, for the purpose of fulfilling their
stipulations; and, secondly, for the purpose of en-
abling them to enjoy that portion of the territory
* which they had acquired, which was public do-
main. That is the purpose of the bill, except that
portion of it contained in the thirteenth section.
If they were to stop merely with die fulfillment of
the pledge of separating the public from the pri-
vate domain, they would have fulfilled their duty
to these people as Mexican subjects or citizens
transferred by that treaty to the United States.
But those people who have remained within the
territory of California, and have become citizens of
the United States, have a claim upon the Govern-
ment of the United States, not merely for protection
under the general pledge contained in the treaty,
but the United States is itself interested in quieting
the titles of these citizens to the property which
they claim.
Now. with a view to that, while it is declared in
the fifteenth section that the decisions before the
commissioners or before the courts shall operate
exclusively between the United States and the
claimant, and shall not affect the interests of third
persons, yet the United States, in the fulfillment
of its further duty, provides a means by which the
truth shall be ascertained, by staying the emana-
tion of a patent until this question has been deci-
ded by the competent tribunal, which is, according
to the amendment which has been offered by the
Senator, a .State tribunal. When that ques-
tion of private right has been decided by the State
tribunal, and that decision is certified to the Gov-
ernment, surely the Government is not making a
quitclaim. The sovereignty of the territory passes
to the Government the legal title vested m the
Government, and the question is, what shall be
abstracted from it ? A certain tract of land is de-
termined not to be a portion of the public domain.
Therefore there must be some equitable claim to
it, perfect or inchoate. Upon the decision of this
question of private right, as to who has the proper
claim, the patent emanates. If the Government
had nothing to grant, no title could be derived by
the grantee. _ For this reason, it is important to
quiet the claims between individuals, which shall
have been ascertained by the judicial decision of
IM competent State tribunal. It seems to me, for I
this and all the reasons stated by the Senator from
North Carolina, that the amendment ought not to
prevail.
Mr. WALKER. If there be anything vicious
in the amendment it has grown out of considera-
tions brought to the notice of the Senate by older
I members than myself, and, as far as I am capable
of judging, very properly brought to the consid-
eration of the Senate. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] yesterday propounded this,
I think, important interrogatory to the Senate:
why provide in this bill for the issue of a pat-
ent at all ? But it is provided in the bill that a
patent shall issue. Now,to whom does this patent
issue other than to the individual who comes for-
ward with a claim which he substantiates before
the board ? If he does substantiate it before the
board, he makes a good tide for himself already.
! | Why, therefore, I would inquire, as the Senator
from Massachusetts has already done, issue this
' patent in addition to the title which he makes good
before this board of commissioners, or before the
District or Supreme Court? I can see no object
in it. As the patent is to issue and go into his
hands, and as there may be hundreds of coun-
ter claims to the land, I am for declaring in spe-
cific words what Congress mean by the patent
which they provide shall be issued—that it shall
not constitute a cloud upon the tide of those who
may test this title in the State tribunals.
The answer to this, however, is that the patent
in its usual form is a relinquishment of tide on the
part of the United States, without any limitation
of this kind in an act of Congress. Why, the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] who addressed us
yesterday, and on whose judgment I would rather
rely than on the judgment of any man in the Sen-
ate, made a distinction between one of these pat-
ents and a mere relinquishment on the part of the
United States. His observations on that subject
struck me with great force. I do not now re-
member the precise terms of the patent usually
issued by the United States for land, but as I do
remember it, it purports op its face to be a con-
veyance of land, as if there was a tide in the
United States which it had the power to convey;
and if I am not mistaken, there are terms used in
our patents which if used by an individual would
constitute in law an implied covenant or warrantee.
But there certainly can be no harm in clearly
expressing what we mean. It is said that this
would be equivalent to a declaration that our pat-
ents doVnount to something more than a relin-
quishment of title. They do amount to something
more. 1 can see no harm in this; for in point of
fact it is the contemplafion of the law, and the
contemplation of the public authorities, that the
grant is something more than a mere relinquish-
ment of title. The idea prevails that there is.a
good title in the Government, not only to eminent,
but to the useful domain which is conveyed by
the patent. I cannot, therefore, see why gentle-
men should declare in their speeches that this is the
! intention, and yet refuse so to declare by the law.
Mr. GWIN. I did not reply to the remarks
of the Senator from Massachusetts yesterday, be-
cause I thought a more appropriate occasion would
. present itself I look upon it as a very important ,
provision of the bill that these patents should issue.
There are sections of the bill which confirm out-
right a great many claims to land in California
that are inchoate, and we want the patent of the
Government immediately for all lands in relation j
to which there is no conflict. I wish to have the
lands confirmed and patented to the parties where
| there is no conflict. I think the rignt of parties
are sufficiently defined and provided for by the
bill; and therefore I do not attach any importance
to the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
II am very anxious that a patent should issue4
; where there is no conflict, ana to have the inchoate
tide confirmed outright by legislation. !
A great many town lots are confirmed outright j i
by this bill, and it is a matter of great importance I
to the people of the country that patents should i
issue for them. But if the bill be not sufficiently |
f larded, as I think it is, in regard to private rights,
am willing to have sufficient guards put into the
bill. But I hope no objection will be made to is-
suing patents for claims where there is no conflict.
Mr. WALKER. I have no very particular
objection to the issue of the patent, but I wish the
operation of the patent to be distinctly set forth.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I ask for the yeas and nays
for this purpose, because this seems to be a clear
indication that something more is intended than a
mere relinquishment of title.
Mr. DOWNS. I think this is a matter of too
little consequence to compensate for the time which
will be consumed, whether this amendment is*
j adopted or not; because the bill already contains
! everything which is intended by it. The gende-
! man says he wants to specify what the patent
| means. It has been specified twice before in the
; bill; it is specified by the terms of the law attached
to all patents; and then it is specified again in an-
other section of the bill, where it says these pat-
ents shall amount to nothing more than a relin-
quishment of title. This seems to me to be suffi-
cient. ■> It is certainly proper, as was suggested
by the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] that
patents should be issued in fliis case; but it is not
absolutely necessary. On the contrary, there have
been acts of Congress confirming land claims of
whichno provision was madefor tbeirissue. There
was a case in Louisiana of the kind, and the titles
were considered good, but there was some incon-
venience arising there, and we have now on our
calendar a bill directing patents to be issued for
tides which were confirmed long ago, and for
which no patent was issued.
I really consider it immaterial, and I am willing
the question on the amendment shall be decided
either way, as it only makes an additional decla-
ration of the same thing. If gentlemen were gen-
erally as familiar with questions relating to these
land claims as those who have had experience,
there would be but litde difficulty. Those patents
issued for confirmation of claims-do not have the
same form as others do. It is known that in my
State patents are issued for inchoate tides, and in
different words from those for complete tides. They
recite that " whereas the titles of the United States
under the Spanish Government," &c.,setting forth
the facts. Then they announce that the United
States confirms them, as far as they are concerned.
Almost every act of Congress on the subject has
provisions for the settlement of these claims; that
the confirmation of these titles, when decided by
the court, shall amount to nothing more than a re-
linquishment on the part of the United States. I
think, therefore, it is very immaterial whether
this bill is amended as proposed or not.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply wish to explain my
vote. I stated before that I considered the amend-
ment as wholly immaterial, except that, perhaps
by its adoption, it wcftild secure for the bill the
1 additional vote of the Senator from Wisconsin,
; and perhaps one or two others. I am quite sure
that the adoption of the amendment will not alter
| the legal effect of the bill at all. I was, therefore,
willing to gratify my friend from Wisconsin so
far as to vote with him. But now, seeing he puts
us to the unnecessary trouble—I say it in a spirit
of perfect courtesy—of taking the yeas and nays,
which are too often taken in this Chamber, my
vote will be given in opposition to the amend- «
ment.
Mr. BALDWIN. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is willing to accept the
modification which I proposed as a part of his .
proposition.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be accepted at
this time, as the yeas and nays have been or-
dered. It can be offered as an independent amend-
ment.
Mr. CASS. I desire merely to ask the Senator
from California one question, for my own inform-
ation, and. perhaps for that of others. The ad-
justment of the claims derived from a foreign
Government has taken place in almost every State
in the Union. I know that in Michigan they
were adjusted in this way. But what I want to
know is, whether there are any perfect titles in
California? In Michigan, under the grants from
the French and British Governments there hap-
pened to be but oneperfect title. Therefore it was
essential that they should be adjusted in this way.
Many seem to suppose that all the titles In Cali-
fornia are perfect titles. I suspect that many are
imperfect, and that without action of this kind
they cannot hold them.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
the proposition of the Senator from Connecticut
can be accepted as a modification of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
