1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
It was accoTdingly read, as follows:
"Provided, however, That in every case where a patent |
shall be issued, the patent shall operate as a relinquishment
only by the United States; and such relinquishment shall '
inure to the benefit of the patentee, or such other person or
persons, if any, as between him and them, may have a bet- <
ter title thereto." |
Mr. GWTN. In answer to the inquiry made
by the Senator from Michigan, I will say that I '
think there are very few perfect titles in Califor-
nia. They are inchoate titles. None of the grants
have been surveyed, and a survey is necessary to
perfect the tide. Therefore the issuing of these
patents is of the utmost importance.
Mr. WALKER. I regret that the Senator from
Mississippi should entertain a feeling of revenge
towards me for calling for the yeas and nays, to
such a degree that he feels it to be a matter of duty
on his part to vote against this amendment. I
think I know the heart of that Senator well enough
to know that if the time should come when the
construction put upon the bill shall be that the in-
dividual who first gets a patent is to hold it, to the
exclusion of those who have a better title, he will
regret it as much as I do. He may not see as I
do the extensive bearing that the amendment has
in favor of justice.
Mr. FOOTE. I entertain no doubt at all on
this subject, nor have I since I heard the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] yesterday.
Since that time various voluminous speeches have
been made, which I think might satisfy all doubts
in the mind of the Senator from Wisconsin.
I said that I should vote for the amendment on
the ground that perhaps its adoption would secure
the vote of the Senator from Wisconsin for the
bill. I consider the amendments, however, to be
simply useless, and I recollect the old Latin max-
im, " utile per inutile non vitiatvr." I did not sup-
pose it could do harm, nor did I see how it could
accomplish any good. I was inclined to vote in
the spirit of accommodation. Since, however, the
honorable Senator is pleased to say that I am now
acting under a spirit of revenge, I wish to assure
him that I entertain no such spirit; I consider him
a most valuable friend. But I do think that, con-
sidering the dignity of this body and the respecta-
bility of its members, we too often resort, some-
what in a menacing and unkind manner, to the
process of calling for the yeas and nays, as if
Senators were to he overawed by it.
Mr. WALKER. If the remarks of the Senator
from Mississippi are applied to me they are un-
just. I had no design to menace any one by asking
for the yeas and nays. One individual cannot call
the yeas and nays—it takes one fifth of the mem-
bers present to do it. If at particular times my
manner is a little vehement, I hope and pray the
Senator from Mississippi will not charge me with
anything like an intention to menace any one.
Mr. FOOTE. My remark was a general one,
and I have made the same remark often before,
and have often heard it made on this floor by
others. I did not intend to apply it to the Senator
from Wisconsin, because I thought his manner
was perfectly mild and courteous; yet I think that
the frequent repetition of this proceeding of calling
the yeas and nays is calculated to diminish the
dignity bf the body.
Mr. BALDWIN. I regard this amendment,
I confess, as an amendment of some importance
in this bill, and of some importance as it re-
gards the quieting of the titles of the people of
California. The object of Congress in passing
this bill undoubtedly is simply to separate the pub-
lic domain from the private interests of the inhab-
itants of California. That is all, I apprehend,
that Congress ought now to do. If, pursuant to
the provisions in this bill, without the amendment
now offered to the consideration of the Senate,
upon a mere finding of the commissioners in favor
of the title claimed, or after waiting a reasonable
time for some other person to interpose a claim, a
patent shall be granted by the Government of the
United States, it may tend to embarrass if not to
destroy the rights of individuals who may have a
better claim to a patent than he who appeared
before the board of commissioners to assert his
claim. As has been already remarked by the
Senator from Michigan and the Senator from Cali-
fornia, most of these titles are probably imperfect
titles; they are inchoate. The legal title remains
in this Government; but these titles are of such a
character, founded on such considerations of jus-
tice existing anterior to the title of the United
States, that it is proper and it is just that the Gov-
ernment of the U nited States should not insist upon
this legal title—upon its right to execute a strict
fulfillment of all the conditions that would be ne-
cessary to render perfect these inchoate titles.
Now, then, if the Government of the United
States, choosing to waive its rights, grants a pat-
ent to the claimant without making that patent
inure to the benefit of any other person who may
have a better right or claim to it than he who ap-
peared before the board of commissioners,! say it
may affect injuriously the rights of persons who
ought in justice to have the patent. But if we say
that the grant of this patent shall inure to the bene-
fit of such person or persons as may have a better
right, as between them and the patentee, we leave
it to the tribunals of the State of California to de-
cide between the litigating purties which of them
shall have the title, and make every patent inure
to the benefit of him in whom is ultimately estab-
lished the right. I deem the amendment an im-
portant one, and hope it will prevail.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not desire to occupy the
time of the Senate, except by a very brief remark.
In my judgment, this amendment is not only un-
necessary, Dut it may be injurious. That it is
unnecessary, I think will be obvious, if Senators
will consider the process which is to be gone
through before the emanation of a patent can take
place. The application is to be made first to a
board of commissioners. Then there is a right of
appeal to the District or Supreme Court of the
United States. When the decision of the Supreme
Court shall be obtained, which is the final decision
upon the claim, thepatent does not emanate, as a
matter of course. The decision, by the provisions
of the law, operates only in favor of the real owner
of the property; the decision is only established
between the claimant and the United States, where
this portion of territory has been severed from the
public domain, and the question of individual right
is left open.
But it is desirable to the Government that that
should be settled, and it therefore invites, by the
Eroviso contained in the thirteenth section, the
tigation of the question of private rights, in order
that it may be decided before the patent is issued.
The claim may be in him in whom the legal and
equitable title is not vested. The person holding
that claim may stand by if he pleases, and wait
till the decision is made upon the claim before the
commissioners. After that is decided, and favor-
ably to the claimant, as it ought to be, do you
imagine that the real owner of the property will
stand by and allow the patent to emanate, when
this bill furnishes the means by which he can
check it, and have his right decided and get a
patent?
But again: It is unnecessary, because I take it for
granted that this principle is well understood by
the Senate; that this will be a grant by the sover-
eign without other considerations than the fulfill-
ment of the obligations imposed upon them by
this act. The grant by the Government, by the
sale of land, would impose upon it the obligation
to give a title to these lands, had it previously
vested in another, or to return the consideration,
the money paid for the land, or give the party
some indemnity which would be equal to the in-
jury which he would sustain; and such has been
the common practice of Congress. No grant by
a sovereign displaces 'any title between individ-
uals. No legal principle is better established than
that. It relinquishes the title of the sovereign
making the grant, and leaves individual titles pre-
cisely as they stood. That is as much as any
real claimant would be entitled to who would
stand by and suffer his claim to go through the
labor of>an investigation before the District Court
and the Supreme Court of .the United States, and
has not then even interposed to prevent the ema-
nation of a patent. Upon the legal principle that
such a grant by a sovereign displaces no individual
right, it is therefore unnecessary.
But I have said it may be injurious, where the
party who prefers this claim, whose title you pro-
pose to perfect, has neglected, during the whole
process of investigation before three tribunals, to
present his claim, and to give notice of his claim
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
through the medium of a petition presented to a
district judge. After all this, for the protection of
the claim, you are to cast a slur «n the title of the
patentee in the words proposed in this amend-
ment. You disparage the title of the patentee by
that, and you invite to litigation. Maftynof these
titles are inchoate. The effect of thiyjjgft by the
United States, I apprehend, would unquestionably
be to perfect these inchoate titles, because what-
ever rights result from the fact of their being in-
choate, belonged to the ceding Government, and
are transferred to the Government to which the
cession is made. The effect of the patent, there-
fore, would be to convert these inchoate titles into
perfect titles. Hence the impropriety of issuing
a patent by such an insertion; and to my view,
therefore, it is not only unnecessary, for all the
reasons which I have stated, and those which have
been stated by the Senator from North Carolina,
but it may have an injurious effect and tend to
produce litigation, when the purpose of this bill is
to avoid litigation.
Mr. BENTON. All this time, sir, to-day, and
indeed all that was lost yesterday, has come from
the Committee on the Judiciary not adopting that
clause in Mr. Fremont's bill for that which the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] tried to as-
similate to Mr. Fremont's bill. He endeavored
to bring the clause to which I objected down to
the same as Mr. Fremont's clause; but, after all
the great alterations which he made, still it did not
come to it.
Now, if that committee had merely reported the
fifteenth section of Mr. Fremont's bill, there would
not have been one moment of the time of the Sen-
ate lost by anything which has taken place thus
far. There would not have been a moment lost
on Monday, nor yestesday, nor on this day. The
thirteenth section of Mr. Fremont's bill was, that
the decisions in favor of the claimant shall in all
cases inure to the benefit of the person who is the
lawful owner thereof, and that no deraignment of
any land title need be proved, but only alleged;
ana any person claiming adversely may file a ca-
veat against the issuing of a patent until a contest-
ed right is duly decided in a court of justice; but
such caveat shall have no effect on the progress of
the claim until the final decision. That is exactly
the whole amount of it, and is written in as few
words and as plain words as can be devised.
If the Committee on the Judiciary had reported
that clause we should not have lost a minute of
Monday, nor yesterday, nor to-day. Th£ whole
struggle for three days has been to get that sec-
tion of the Committee on the Judiciary to mean
what this means; and, after the great alterations
which the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien]
made in his clause yesterday, the labor of his
speech was to assimilate it to the clause of Mr.
Fremont's bill and save it. It will not save it by
a great deal, and it gives rise to all these prop-
ositions to amend the bill. It is greatly altered
from what it was when brought in, but still
an immense distance from being what Mr. Fre-
mont's bill is. _ And let all this end as it may,
when it comes into the Senate I shall endeavor to
give simplicity, perspicuity,, and intelligibility to
the provisions of this act, by reinstating, as an
amendment, the section of Mr. Fremont's bill to
which the Senator from Georgia endeavored to as-
1 similate his amendment, and endeavored to justi-
fy it by saying that it amounted to the same thing
as his did. Sir, if it remains, let us have the
thing itself.
Mr. WALKER. It is suggested by some Sen-
ators that a very slight alteration of my amend-
ment will make it obviate many objections which
have been made to it. I propose, therefore, to
stride out the words " operate as" and insert the
words " be in terms."
The amendment was so modified, and the ques-
tion was taken on it with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Cam,
Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Ewing, Felch, Miller, Norris, Pratt, Seward, SouM,Walker,
Whitcomb, and Winthrop—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger,. Berrien, Borland,
Clay, Clemens, Dawson, Dayton, Downs, Foote, Gwin,
King, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Khett, Rusk, Spru-
ance, Sturgeon, Tumey, Underwood, Uphain, and Wales
—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENTON. I offer an amendment to come
in at the end of the eleventh section:
" And itUe law of prescription in favor of possessory
rights, as applicable to individuals.''
When I first expressed my opposition to this
bill, I stated three general heads of objection to
