374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
which it was open; one of which was in leaving
out what was good in previous bills. I now give
an instan®ein the words offered as an amendment.
They vfefr^in the previous bills, and are omitted
in the one from the Judiciary Committee. They
were in the bill first brought in by Mr. Fremont—
in the one brought in by the Senator from Califor-
nia now present—in the bill which I myself offered
as an amendment to his; so that in all the bills
heretofore introduced on this subject the words
have been retained which are now sent to the Chair
to be inserted. They are left out by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
I think the provision contained in these words
right in itself, and I rest the argument in favor of
their present insertion, not upon the fact that
they have been put into the bills every time by
every person who has drawn up a bill on the sub-
ject—although it is some argument in its favor—
but I put it upon the great ground that it is right
in itself, and think the Committee on the Judiciary
were wrong in. leaving it out. But before I go any
further, Mr. President, I wish to make a state-
ment of an individual application of that clause
which will place both Mr. Fremont and myself
right in the estimation of all candid men. That
clause will have no operation upon Mr. Fremont's
estate; the law of prescription will not avail him;
his grant is too young to be covered by any pre-
scription, and was not attended by actual posses-
sion. The clause I present, then, will have no
effect in behalf of Mr. Fremont's claim, and there-
fore it will not be necessary in this instance that
there shall be exclusion of his claim by name.
The law itself will leave his claim out.
Now, Mr. President, the object of this amend-
ment is to bring the element of time to stand for
some little value in the adjudication of these land
claims. By the bill of the Judiciary Committee,
the element of time is pmitted, and no amount of
time will stand for anything, although three gen-
erations have passed away nearly since California
was first settled. Now, sir, in all civilized nations,
and in all barbarian nations, time is an element of
title. Possession and time constitute an element
of title in all civilized and in all barbarian na-
tions, and that to such a degree that even the short-
est time of rightful possession is an index to title,
which is good against the world until a perfect
title is made out. Even the shortest time is suffi-
cient for this.
But, sir, in all countries which have laws, in
every country upon the earth which has laws, time,
under certain limitations, becomes itself a title, and
a perfect title, against which nothing can prevail.
The civil law prescription is fair, equitable, and
beautiful—more perfect in its three degrees of
thirty, twenty, and ten years, than any of our
statutes of limitation. Even under the common
law long possession, without any evidence-what-
soever, is full title. Sixty years is full title in ;
Great Britain. In every State in the Union there j
are statutes of limitation, only varying in time,
under which possession is titin itself; and if the
possessor had the patents of all the Powers on
earth, he need not show one. i
Now, Mr. President, how does the case stand?!
I shall bring up a motion at another time—I only i
mention it now—to test the principle of this bill,
which I hold to be fundamentally wrong, subver-
give of all principles of right and justice, and of
- the laws of nations and civilized coufltries. The
principle of the bill is that every claimant in Cali-
fornia, from beginning to ending, shall be deemed
bad, until the party proves it to be good. This
principle, I say, has no existence in right nor in
faw in any country on the earth. To this princi-
ple, wrong itself, is added the most rigorous and
onerous details. I shall bring out amendments in
future to test it. For the present, I wish to see
whether the committee will be sustained in omit-
ting from the composition of titles in California ;
the elements of time and possession. |
I want to see whether the United States can do '
in California, by a law which will be passed by I
Congress, that which no man in California can I
do—deprive a defendant of the benefit of the laws
of prescription. If the Senate refuse to insert this
clause, we refuse at once to give these people the
benefit of that arm of defence to which they are
so well entitled. If so, we overturn a principle as
old as Government itself, and of which the pbject
is to quiet titles and to give peace and repose to
the country. This is the great principle which I
now bring forward, and upon which I ask and
shall endeavor to get the sense of the Senate.
I hold that the statute of limitations, often de-
nounced, and sometimes recurred to very unjustly
in questions of debt, is one made not merely for
the benefit of individuals, but in cases of property,
for the benefit of the whole community. It is to
quiet the titles to property—to let possessors know
tnat, after a certain time, they are safe. The tran-
quillity of the community is their object; and the
State has an interest in having its citizens tran-
quil—tranquil in relation to their property—that
they may cultivate it to advantage, and feel at
ease in their minds to discharge all their duties to
society. It is to the public advantage that a man
cultivates his fields, not only without danger; but
without fear—that he should, in some reasonable
time, be safe, and feel safe. To give him that se-
curity and that feeling is the object of the statute
of limitations with respect to property.
With respect to debts, we know the object is a
little different. It is to supply the place of evi-
dence which may be lost. But in the case of prop-
erty, real or personal, but especially real, the ob-
ject of it is rational. For these reasons these laws
have been passed in all countries. The law of
prescription, as we have it in the civil law, is the
most perfect, most beautiful, and most just statute
of limitation ever devised upon earth. That law
of prescription is now part of the law of Califor-
nia, derived through the Spaniards from the Ro-
mans—one of the benefits of Roman universal
conquests. The people, each for himself, would
have the benefit of that law if sued by an individ-
ual; and it is now my motion to give them the
benefit of it when sued in mass by the Government
of the United States.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If I apprehend that
amendment aright, it seems to me to be the intro-
duction of a new principle. Heretofore the gen-
eral doctrine has been that prescription did not run
against the Government. This amendment, if I
mistake not, is expressly to make the same limit-
ation which applies to individual cases apply as
between a citizen and the Government. The
language is, that the law of prescription in favor of
possessory rights shall be the same as if it was a
question between individuals. Now, it strikes me
that is something new. Heretofore the doctrine
of the English common law was, that prescription
did not run against the King, unless it might be in
his individual, as ctfntra-distinguished from his po-
litical capacity. This doctrine has been applied
in the various States of our Union, and I believe
the maxim is without exception, that time does not
run against the Commonwealtk. That was also
the doctrine of the " civil law;" for when I noticed
this principle in the bill originally introduced it
struck me as something novel, and I picked up
Justinian for the purpose of looking into the mat-
ter, supposing that the civil law prevailed in Cali-
fornia. On examination I found that the rule of
prescription did not apply to the Government.
The rule, as between individuals, according to
" civil law," was this:
" Whoever fairly obtained a thing from one he supposed
to be the true owner, if a movable, and possessed it bona
fide for one year, or if immovable, for two years, within the
limits of Ttaly, was secure in his title by prescription."
That original rule of one year for movables
and two years for immovables was so very short
that it operated most unjustly, and was afterwards
modified and repealed.
" But this ancient law (see Cooper's Justinian, pages 95
and 96) was altered so that it required three years to con-
stitute a good title by prescription to things movable and
ten years for immovables, if the adverse parties were in
the country, and twenty years if absent."
Now, it seems to me, that before we-adopt a
principle such as is proposed in an important bill
like this, we ought to know what, according to the
laws of California, constitute • prescriptive rights
between individuals. I confess to the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] that I am destitute
of that information, and I should be thankful to
him if, upon the present occasion, he would ex-
plain and show us what are these prescriptive
rules between individuals in California that he now
proposes to apply as between the Government and
individuals. Is the term ten or is it twenty years?
I know not. Does the limitation remain as we
find it in the Justinian code, or has it been since
changed? I see, in looking into Justinian, that
in Italy • the rules in reference to prescription
have varied even there. And they may have been
materially changed and modified by Spain and
Mexico. How the rules now stand in California
I should be glad to be informed. I know the old
common law idea of prescription was the time du-
ring which the memory of man runneth not to the
contrary. But our various State Legislatures, in
acting on the common law foundation, have made
various statutes of limitation, some fixing a longer
time, some a shorter; some fixing a limitation in
respect to the reality or " immovables" of seven
years when connected with a residence upon the
land, or twenty years' possession without resi-
dence; some bringing down the limitation to writs
of right to one period and some to another. Now,
when we are adopting a rule of prescription, it
seems to me that it is necessary to nave it defined,
and that we should know precisely the length of
time which would give the right as against the
Government, and not refer to a standard with
which most of us, I presume, are unacquainted.
At all events, before we do so, I hope the gentle-
man from Missouri will enlighten us by giving the
particular periods of limitation as between indi-
viduals which his amendment adopts and applies
i against the Government.
' But I would suggest that the eleventh section,
as it now stands, really makes provision upon this
I particular subject to as great an extent as any pro-
vision ought to be made. It says:
" That the commissioners herein provided for, and the
District and Supreme Courts, in deciding on the validity of
any claim brought before them under the provisions of this
act, shall be governed by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
the law of nations, the laws, usages, and customs of the
Government from whichthe claim is derived, the principles
. of equity, and the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
| United States, so far as they are applicable."
j Mark that expression! "The laws, usages,
and customs of the Government from which the
j claim is derived." It is manifest, it seems to me,
| that if there be any law in California, or any law
! in Mexico or Spain, under which the titles to be
inquired into are derived, that would authorize a
possession for any period of time to give the pos-
sessor a complete title to the land, and divest the
1 Government of its title, it is provided for here.
The " laws, usages, and customs," which are the
foundation of the claims, whether of Spain, Mex-
ico, or California, are to be enforced in behalf of
the individual claimant. If, therefore, these laws,
usages, and customs authorize and sanction title
against the Governments heretofore owning the
country, whether it be possession for a definite
number of years, or by a prescription against
which the memory of man runneth not to the con-
trary, this section amply protects every right of
property which by the treaty we are bound to se-
cure to the oldest inhabitants of California.
This relieves us, you will perceive, from going
into the inquiry whether one year, or ten or twenty
years, shall constitute the prescription necessary
to perfect the title as between individuals.
Now, sir, I have these views upon the subject,
and as I entertain them, I cannot vote for the
amendment unless I see more clearly the propriety
of applying it. It seems to me that the section
embraces everything necessary, and that it would
be very dangerous to make the law as between in-
dividuals, according to the proposed amendment,
the law between the Government and individuals.
There is great reason for placing the Government
upon a different foundation in respect to rights
founded on prescription, from that occupied by
individuals, and in my opinion the reason for this
difference ought to be respected. An individual
is not in the habit of sleeping.upon his right. He
is generally diligent. If he loses a " movable,"
a thing personal which he owns or has held in
possession, or if deprived of an " immovable" in
: the language of the civilians, or real estate, in the
language of the common law writers, the prompt-
ings of interest induce him to be diligent and vigi-
lant in the use of legal remedies to recover tne
property. Not so in regard to the Government.
i What is everybody's business, we all know has
! been said time out of mind, to be nobody's busi-
J ness. With respect to the public domain, if it be
I trespassed upon, ifpossession is taken of tt, it is
generally regarded as invidious for any individual
; to complain of the possessor or to take any steps
j against him. We well know from our own his-
tory that those who settle upon the public domain
I without title are looked upon with favor, instead of
