878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
have been found resisting it- -But such is not the |
case; on the contrary, it is contemplated by this |
amendment to give away, to resign) to donate (if j
I may use a term now grown into common use)
lar^e bodies of the public domain to that class of
individuals in California, who, being non-claim-
ants of territory, are willing, as is presumed, to
be confirmed in the enjoyment of landed posess-
•ions to which they have really no more legal or
equitable claim than persons who have never yet
entered the confines of this rich mineral region.
If the honorable Senator wished merely to carry
out one well known preemptive principle, why
did be not provide some limitation of the quantity
of land to be confirmed by his amendment to ex-
isting claimants? Why did he not at least provide
that the individuals ts be benefited by this amend-
ment should not be allowed to possess themselves
of more than a league, or two leagues, or five
leagues, or ten leagues ? If a man should claim
one hundred leagues, under the authority of such
a provision as this, he might perchance succeed
in having the whole of it secured to him by a reg-
ular adjudication in his favor. A preemption law
in favor of actual settlers to a quarter or half sec-
tion of the public lands in California I should vote
for with great pleasure; but this amendment, with
my views of its bearing and import, I can never
sustain, nor do I believe it will meet with much
favor in this honorable body.
Mr. BERRIEN. I acquiesced in the suggestion
of the Senator, and was willing to consider as
prima fade evidence of title possession within
prescribed limits, accompanied by actual cultiva-
tion, if the amendment when drawn up by the hon-
orable Senator should be submitted to me that I
might have an opportunity of examining it. Now,
the amendment which is before the Senate does
not come up to the idea entertained by myself, and
as I supposed by the honorable Senator. It pro-
poses to give the benefit of the presumption of title
against the Government after twenty years pos-
session in good faith within determined bound-
arias and without any claim of title. Then any
individual who may have gone upon the public
domain in California, and may have obtained, by
whatever-means—by application, if you please, to
the alcalde of the district, who shall have marked
out certain boundaries within which the individual
was to settle—a claim for twenty years, if I com-
prehend the amendment, would be entitled to the
presumption of a grant to the whole extent of the
land within those boundaries which had been so
illegitimately marked out without any authority.
The individual would be entitled to the presump-
tion of a grant if he had not entered into posses-
sion, claiming possession by virtue of a title. I
ask if that is not the effect of the amendment ? .
My idea was, that if there were a class of actual
settlers in California who had settled upon a por-
tion of the public domain, and had cultivated the
same for a period of twenty years, they should
be entitled to the presumption of a grant for the
land to which their possession extended. The rule
upon that subject, as it is understood by us, is,
that when an individual enters into the possession
of land under a claim of title, his possession for
the time prescribed by law shall be considered as
coextensive with the limits of his possession and
cultivation. If he entered without a claim of title,
and continues to possess and cultivate and inclose
a portion of that land, he will have the benefit of
the statutory provision protecting his possession
to the extent of the land which he actually occu-
pies, and beyond these limits to such portion of
the uninclosed lands as may be necessary to sus-
tain the occupation of that of which he is in actual
possession. Thus far I am disposed to go in this
country; thus far I am disposed to go in behalf of
the citizens of California.
But as I understand the amendment, if it operate
at all, any individual who has planted himself
upon land on which he has been without even
color of title for twenty years, and with no bound-
aries which have been legitimately defined—for it
is admitted there was no authorized surveyor
within the province of California—that that indi-
vidual will be authorized to have in his favor "a
presumption of a grant coextensive with those
limits which have been marked out, thus " deter-
mined," in the language of the amendment, but
determined by no legiitmate authority. You pre-
sume a grant; you presume that the lines and
limits of that grant have been ascertained by
legitimate authority. This is going beyond what
I consider consistent with any duty, with the
duty of the American Government, with the ob-
ligation Tfc'hich it owes to itself and to its own
citizens. And I beg Senators to remember, how-
ever lightly we may dispose of the public domain
afterwards, that this is not really and exclusively
The bill and amendment having been read,
Mr. BURT said: If any apology be due to the
House for asking that this bill be now put upon
its Dassage, I hope that that apology will be found
in the fact that a similar bill has for the last eight
years been reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and has been recommended by the Presi-
a question between the Government of the United dent of the United States, and by the Secretary of
States and the citizens of California; but it is a War. But with that peculiar ill-fortune which
a
question in which all the people of the United
States are interested; and wnile we are dealing in
a spirit of fairness and liberality with the citizens
of California, we should respect also the rights of
the rest of the people of the United States.
As I suggested, ! am willing to provide that ac-
tual occupation with cultivation for twenty years
upon a portion of the public domain, with paper
title, shall give the parties the benefit of the pre-
sumption of a grant coextensive with the limits of
the paper title, and without such title which shall
limit its boundaries, a grant shall be presumed in
his favor to that which is actually enclosed, and
that portion of the adjacent land which may be
necessary to sustain the land in cultivation.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to show that I was very
near right in the construction which I put upon the
phraseology of this amendment. I hold in my
hand a dictionary, which, though odious to some,
I consider quite a useful book for occasional ref- /
erence. I turn to the word "determine," and I
read as follows: |
"To Determine: French, Determiner; Spanish, De-
lertninar; Latin, Determinare—to bound, to fix the bounds,
or terminus; to limit, to define, to end, to confine, fix, or
Bettle the bound*, the limits, the ends."
I will not enlarge upon this topic of critical learn-
ing, though I think none will doubt that I am more
1 than sustained by the authority cited by me. I was
1 glad to hear the Senator from Georgia express the
1 liberal and just sentiments which have just fallen
from his lips. I am more than willing to give my
sanction to such a provision as that he has just now
described; I am willing to grant preemption rights,
or to unite in raising a presumption of title, in
. favor of all the actual landholders in California
i who have held any limited quantity of the public
domain, in good faith, for twenty years—lands
which they have actually cultivated, together with
such lands adjacen t thereto as may be necessary or
convenient to them, as owners of what they hold
in a direct possession.
Several Senators. Move an adjournment.
Mr. FOOTE. As I am called upon from every
side, to move 'a* adjournment, I do so, more to
gratify other gentlemen than myself.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 30, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
INCARCERATION OF BRITISH SEAMEN.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution; which was
read for information, as follows:
Retolved, That the President be requested (if consistent
with the public interest) to communicate to this body any
•orrespondence which may have taken place between
Great Britain and this Government, respecting the imprison-
ment of British seamen in ports of the United States.
seems to attend all the measures of the Committee
on Military Affairs in obtaining the consideration
of.the House, that bill has never been presented
for examination. The bill which has been read,
has passed the Senate, and only needs the concur-
rence of this House to become a law—the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs having reported an
amendment which simply makes the provisions of
the bill applicable to the Marine Corps.
This bill is deemed, by the officers of the Army,
by the Secretary of War, and by the Committee
on Military Affairs, to be absolutely indispensa-
ble to the efficiency of the Army. And if ever
there was a time in the history of this country,
when it became the Congress of the United States,
and the War Department, and all the heads of
that department, to endeavor to infuse vigor and
efficiency into the military establishments of the
country, the present is the time.
I trust, sir, that this is but the first of a series of
measures which will prevail, having that object in
view; and which, if carried out, promises an entire
renovation in the Army, which has suffered very
greatly from various causes of derangement.
I shall content myself with a very brief expla-
nation of the provisions of this bill, and I premise
' by saying that it is no Army pension bill; that it
does not propose to increase by even one dollar
the expenses of the Army. It is true, I will ad-
mit, that it does not propose to diminish the
expenses of the Army at all. The first section of
the bill provides, that whenever an officer of the
Army snail become incapable of performing the
duties of his office, by reason of age, wounds, or
disease incurred in the service of the United States,
that he shall be put upon this retired list. The
House will remark, that to entitle an officer to be
placed on this retired list, he shall have become
incapable of performing his duties by reason of
age, wounds, or disease incurred in the service;
and if he become incapable from any other cause
whatever, he is not entitled to be placed on this
retired list.
The bill further provides, that when an officer
shall have been found incompetent, from any of
the causes specified in the first section of the bill,
he shall be placed on the retired list, with his pay
proper and his service ration; and the next offi-
cer in command shall succeed to his rank, with the
; pay proper of his own grade, and the allowance
, of the grade of the officer who is put upon the re-
tired list. For example: if the colonel of a regi-
ment should be placed on the retired list, he would
receive his pay proper; that is to say, his monthly
pay and service ration, but nothing else. This
service ration, many members of the House know,
is a ration given by law for every five years of
I service. A colonel, then, retiring with his monthly
pay proper, and his service ration, the lieutenant
[ colonel would succeed to his command of colonel,
and the lieutenant colonel would receive his month-
ly pay—his pay proper—and the allowances which
are given by law to the colonel of a regiment, and
so on down to the very lowest grade in the Army.
Mr!BURT^exprewed the hope that there would : If a lieutenant colonel'is placeJ upon the retired
1 , ( I. 4 m A 4M /t 1AM WAIt I n <111 AAil 11 H AW 4 n A tfQWt A P11**
be no objection.
Mr. CARTTER objected; and the resolution
was not received.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of the committees for re-
ports.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
RETIRED LIST.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which had been referred Senate bill No.
17, entitled "An act to increase the efficiency of the
Army by providing for a retired list of invalid offi-
cers, reported the sameback with an amendment.
Mr. BURT said that he was instructed by the*
Committee on Military Affairs to ask that that bill
be put upon its passage.
list, the major would succeed under the same cir-
cumstances. If the major be placed on the retired
list, the senior captain would succeed to his com-
I mand in precisely the same manner, and so down to
j thebrevet lieutenant who is attached to the Army.
Well, sir, the second section of the bill seems
; to me to provide the most ample security against
any abuse of power on the part of the President
of the United States, or of any board of officers,
, under this act. It provides, that whenever an of-
ficer in the Army shall ask to be placed on the re-
j tired list, and whenever he shall be ordered to the
: performance of his duty and shall be found in-
competent to their performance, and whenever the
President shall deem an officer incompetent who
himself believes that he is incompetent, it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of War to convene a
board of officers to consider his case, consisting of
not less than three members and not more man
seven; and in all cases the rank and grade of these
