860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30*
if indeed defence is necessary in this House. But
it is the proper occasion to aaopt a measure of this
character, if it be so clear in its enactments that it
requires but the reading of the bill (and I think it
requires nothing more) to see that it will not cause
the expenditure of a dollar, or the raising of a
single additional soldier.
This bill is merely to enable officers who are
disabled or wounded to retire of their own will, or
by the action of the proper officers of the Govern-
ment, and to provide that it shall be done under
the proper supervision and direction of officers su-
perior to themselves, who can have no other mo-
tive than the efficiency of the service, and no
jealousy as to preferment
1 think that this is an occasion on which this
House should act promptly. If this bill is sent to
the Committee of the Whole, it is sent to the tomb
of the Capulets, and will never come back at this
session. I move the previous question.
Mr. McGAUGHEY hoped tne gentleman from
New York would withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KING would be glad to accommodate the
gentleman, but he could not withdraw the call.
Mr. McGAUGHEY hoped, then, that the
House would vote it down.
Mr. BURT. If any; gentleman wishes to op-
pose the bill, I hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER inauired if the gentleman from
New York would withdraw the demand for the
previous question?
Mr. KING said that he would not.
Mr. BURT demanded tellers on the previous
question.
Tellers were ordered.
The question on seconding the demand for the
previous question was then taken by tellers,
(Messrs. Allen and Thomas acting,) and was
decided in the affirmative—ayes 78, noes 71.
So the previous question received a second; and
the question being upon ordering the main ques-
tion to be now put, it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the main question was ordered; which main
question was first on the motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the7
Union, and to have it printed.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the bill upon the
table.  
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BURT thought it was not in order to move
a reconsideration of the vote 'by which the pre-
vious question was seconded. I
The SPEAKER said that it would be in order
to move a reconsideration of the vote by which
the main question was ordered to be now put, but
that the motion to lay the bill on the table must
be acted on first.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider die vote by which the main question was
ordered. He hoped the House, generally, would
acquiesce in the motion.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to lay the bill on the
table, and called for the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion to lay
the bill on the table, there were—yeas 94, nays 89;
as follow:
YEAS—Mean's. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Averett,
Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowlin,
Boyd, Bntler, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Camp- |
bell, Cartter, Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, i
Conger, Crowell, Danner, Dickey. Diinmick, Disney, Duer,
Dnrkee, Fitch. Fowler, Freedley,Biddings, Gilmore, Gott,
Green, Hall, hamilton, Hammond Harlan, Isham G. Har-
ris, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Howe, Hunter, Andrew John-
son, Jones, Julian, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job ]
Mann, McClernand, McDonald, McGanghey, McLanahan,
Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, Meacham, I
Meade, John K. Miller, Moore, Morehead, Morris, Olds,
Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Parker. Phelps, Robbing, Root, J
Koss, Sackett, Savage, Bprague, Alexander H. Stephens, j
Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Toombs, Walden, Waldo, Wal- ;
lace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, I
Wildrick, Williams, and Woodward—94. j
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashmun, Bayly, Bowie,
BYeck, Brisbin, Brooks, Buel, Bullard, Burt, E. C. Cabell,
Georre A. Caldwell, Calvin, Chandler, Cole, Corwin, Dan-
iel, Deberry, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot,
Nathan Evans, Featherston, Fuller, Gentry, Gilbert, Good- i
enow, Gorman, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Haralson, i
Sampson W. Harris, Haymond, Hilliard, Hoagland, Holla-
I day. Holmes, Houston, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, James
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La S&re, Marshall,
Mason, Matteson, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Mill-
son, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Nswell, Peaslee, Peck, Phcs-
nix, Pitman, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose,
Rumsey, Snwtollp, Schenck, Schcrnierhorn, Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Taylor,Thurman, Underhill, Van
Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Wright, and Young—89.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to lay tne motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Some conversation here took place between Mr.
McLane, of Maryland, and the Speaker on a
point of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that he had not
yielded the floor when he made the motion to re-
consider the vote.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to re-
consider was not debatable, and that the gentle-
man's right to the floor expired when he had made
the motion.
The question was then taken on the motion to
, lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; and
The SPEAKER announced that there was a
large majority in favor of the motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tellers; and
they were ordered, and Messrs. Miller, of Ohio,
ana McLean, of Kentucky, were appointed. The
question being put, the tellers reported 84 in the
affirmative, 71 in the negative.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the question; and they were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if it was in or-
der to move that the House resolve itself into Com-
1 mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied that it would be in or-
der to make such a motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the special order.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and
The question being taken on Mr. Wentworth's
motion, it was decided in the negative—yeas 87,
nays 102—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashe, Ashmun, Bayly, Ben-
nett, Bokee, Bowie, Briggs, Brisbin, Brooks, Burrows,
Buit, Butler, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Chandler, Colcock, Corwin, Daniel, banner, Dickey,Dixon, j
Doty, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot, Alex. Evans, Feather- I
ston, Freedley, Fuller, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gorman, Gould, j
Green, Grinnell, Halloway, Haralson, S. W. Harris, Hay,
Haymond, Hilliard, Hoagland, Holladay, Houston, Inge, I
Joseph W. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, Marshall, Mason, Daniel
F. Miller, MiUson, Moore, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Outlaw, Peck,Ph(Bnix,Reed,Richardson, Rockwell, Rose,
Rums«y, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Seddon, Shep-
perd, Spaulding, Taylor, Thomas, Thurman, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Watkins, Wentworth, and Young—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Averett,
Beale, Bell, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowlin, Boyd,
Buel, Jos. Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Clarke, Cling-
man, Cole, Conger, Crowell, Deberry, Diinmick, Disney,
Dunham, Dturkee, N. Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Gilmore, Gott, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan,
Isham G. Harris, Thomas L.Harris, Hebard, Henry, How-
ard, Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Lef-
fler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matteson, Mc-
Donald, McGaughey, McKissock, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, Meach-
am, Meade, John K. Miller, Morris, Olds, Orr, Otis, Owen,
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Reynolds, Ris-
ley, Robbins, Robinson, Root, Ross, Sackett, Savage,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson,
Strong, James Thompson, Tuck, Underbill, Venable, Wal-
den, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey, Wil-
dick, Williams, Woodward, and'Wright—102.
So the House refused to resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then recurred on laying on the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was laid upon the table.
On this question the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. MEADE inquired whether, if this motion
failed, there was any mode by which the previous
question could be got rid of, so as to let the de-
bate go on ?
The SPEAKER Vas understood to reply that
there were several motions to be disposed of be-
fore the House could get at the point to which the
gentleman alluded.
The question was then taken on laying the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 99, nays 91—as follows:
1 Ash?.>Aver"
*-">"^1 ii ? ' vv. Jt. W. Cobb, Colcock
Cole, Conger, Crowe I, Danner, Deberry, Dickev, Dim-
mick, Disney, Duer, Dunham, Ilurkee, Fowler, Freedley,
Giddings, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton
Hammond, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Hib-
bard, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, jones,
Julian, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mc-
Donald, McGaughey, Finis E. McLean, McMullen Mc-
. Queen, Meacham, John K. Miller, Moore, Morris, Olds,
! Orr, Otis, OuUaw, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Robbins, Rob-
i inson, Root, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Sprague, Richard H.
Sum ton, A. H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong. Thomas, James
Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace
Watkins, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, Woodward, and Young—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashmun, Bayly, Bokee,
Breck, Briggs, Brisbin, Brooks, Buel, Burrows, Burt, G. A.
Caldwell, Calvin, Chandler, Corwin, Daniel, Dixon, Doty,
Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gilbert, Goode-
now, Gorman, Green, Grinnell, Haralson, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hilliard. Hoagland, Holla-
day, Houston, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, James
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La S^re, Levin,
Marshall, Matteson, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, D. F.
Miller, Millson, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Peaslee, Peck, Phffinix, Pitman, Ileed, Reynolds, Richard-
son, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Ruinsey, Sawtelle, Schenck,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaulding, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Taylor, Thurman,
Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wentworth, and Wright—91.
So the biH was finally laid on the table.
Mr. ROBBINS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the WRole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to report a bill from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, for the purpose
of having it referred and printed.
Objection was made, and leave was not granted."
Mr. BOYD suggested the propriety of proceed-
ing with the call of the committees for reports, as
there were a great many reports to be made. He
made a motion to that effect.
At the request of several members, Mr. Boyd
withdrew his motion.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if there had been an
order to close the debate on the special order at
twelve o'clock to-morrow?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. RoBBiNsrand it was agreed to; and
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Cartter in the chair,)
and took up the special order—the
BRANCH MINT BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER, being entitled to the floor,
said:
Mr. Chairman: I thank my friend from the
Fifth district of New York for his exertions to
make this bill a special order, as thereby a fair
vote may be obtained upon it, and if it must pass
—which I can scarcely think possible—those who
really look to public good, may have an opportu-
nity of placing themselves right upon the record.
1 have by my Votes here shown that I am ready
to go to all proper lengths, in liberal appropria-
tion for any object, which could be regarded as
public good, or for a measure of local consequences
where advantage could not be obtained without
public assistance; witness the votes for enlarged
custom-houses in Maine—a custom-house in Cin-
cinnati—court-rooms in the interior of New York;
and this appears to me to be the true policy. But
to have that policy available, and to preserve its
friends from the imputation of extravagance and
waste, great care must be taken that such motives
may be pleaded, and such necessities or conveni-
ences be made obvious.
We have before us, sir, a bill from the Senate,
authorizing the erection of a Branch Mint at New
York, and one in California also. I am opposedy.
sir, to the passage of this bill, so far as it concern^
New York, for the simple reason, that while that
part ofits provisions would be exceedingly costly—
causing a large outlay at first, and occasioning a
continued stream of subsequent expenditure—it
would add nothing to public convenience; it would
not, as a whole, meet a single existing want of the
community. , '
We have now, sir, a Branch Mint in NortHi
Carolina, one in Georgia, and one in Louisiana,,
all capable of doing all that is required of thenji.
And we have a Mint—the Mint of the United
States—in Philadelphia, within four and a h$f
hours distance from New York, by ordinary co n-
