1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
vey&nce for merchandise, and less than 110 time
for the conveyance of news of telegraph.
I am aware, sir, that the bill from the Senate
contains a provision for the establishment of a
Branch Mint and an Assay Office in San Francisco,
California. I will say nothing about them for
the present, as I believe one or both of them to be
necessary in that region, and would be advanta-
geous to the country. But as I wish now to refer
only to the useless and extravagant plan, 1 shall
confine myself to the proposed Branch Mint in
New York.
Now, sir, some reason, or at least attempt at
reason, must be assigned for establishing a Branch
Mint within four hours of the main Mint of the
nation, especially when it is recollected thatMints
are those tokens and those machineries of sover-
eignty which nations do not often multiply. Of
course, the grounds of action must be public ne-
cessity:
1. The inability of the machinery in the Phila-
delphia Mint to satisfy the wants of the public.
2. And the loss and inconvenience consequent
upon the distance and delay of transit between
Philadelphia and New York.
Let me consider the objection, founded on the
assumption of incapacity of the Philadelphia Mint.
We must remember that we are legislating for the
future, and not for the past. I do not, therefore,
need be told that the Mint of Philadelphia wasafew
fears ago limited to fourteen millions, because now
am able to assert, and I do assert, that from this
month forward, the Mint in Philadelphia is able
to coin—and if called on will coin—from seventy-
live to one hundred millions per annum—a sum
far beyond any probability of demand; and yet a
coinage, an amount, sir, that may be doubled,
with only a few days notice at the Mint.
Now, let it be understood that the largestamount
ever coined in the United States, previous to 1849,
awas fourteen millions, and that was chiefly a re-
coinage of European gold pieces, which found
their way to this country at the time when the
famine in Ireland, and the deficient crops through-
out the rest of Europe, threw the balance of trade
greatly in favor of this country. And France,,
which, if I mistake not, has been the greatest coin-
ing country in the world—being a hard-money
country—has rarely, if ever, exceeded twenty-five
millions per annum.
Once in Great Britain—in the year 1821, when
Sir Robert Peel's bill for resuming specie payment
was passed—$46,000,000 worth, in various denom-
inations, were coined; but this was neither sepa-
rating nor refining—it was a simple recoining. The
whole number of pieces coined in Philadelphia last
year was ten and a half millions. The whole
amount was $28,266,471.
But it is said that the Mint has not kept pace
with the deposits, and that the establishment is
now indebted to the depositors.
It must be borne in mind, that the whole .work
of enlarging* the capabilities of the Mint was per-
formed during last year, the appropriation not
having been made until May. And in June, July,
and August, there was necessarily a suspension of
a part of the work until October, when the refining
recommenced, and in December the coinage was
$4,086,500, against $876,750, in January of the
same year. The great difficulty met by the Mint
was in the new character of the material submit-
ted—the difficulty of separating (or parting, as
it is technically called) the California gold dust
is what delayed work. That difficulty is over-
come, and the Mint in Philadelphia is ready
and able to separate and coin all the gold that is
likely to be brought thither from any and every
portion of the world^ber capacities are now
from seventy-five milliWBto one hundred millions,
and may be constantly increased with little or no
other addition than melting-pots and fire-places.
1 am aware that an objection is founded upon the
denomination of the coins struck off during the past
year. Itissaid that the amount was augmented by
the immense disproportion of the double-eagle
pieces. It is trae that of the gold coined, a large pro-
portion was in pieces of that denomination. But it
must be remembered that there was an extraordina-
ry demand for gold coin by the banks. The balance
of trade has for some time been against this coun-
try, and specie necessarily leaves the country, and
that specie must be silver. The standard of the
country, not allowing under ordinary circumstan-
ces, of the remittance of our gold coins—and while
gold is, as it ought to be, a standard here—the banks
are justified in paying out gold for their notes in-
stead of silver, which would be immediately
! shipped to London to pay for calicoes and hardware
I —Of course the twenty-dollar pieces were coined;
j it is a new coin also, and a much larger number
of it was required to balance in the currency of the
1 country the vast amount of the smaller coins pre-
viously issued. But let those who look to the fact
of the greater value of the double-eagles coined,
look also to the fact, that while the number of
that denomination was 1,170,261, the number of
pieces of a less denomination was 8,859,244—
eight times as many. But let me add, in order to
put at rest the objection, and to close this branch
; of the subject, that no delay has been caused by
any deficiency in the coining department. The
machinery there has not been at work one quarter
of the time. The delay I have already said was
in the refining and parting department, and the
necessity for that delay has ceased to exist, and
now the Mint can in a few days supply to any
depositor of gold, specie to its full amount.
The Mint, then, in Philadelphia is not only com-
petent to all the work which can be required of
any or all the Mints of the United States, but to
do that work so that no indebtedness to depositors
need be of inconvenience to them. A certificate
of the value of deposit in coins for other gold can ;
be furnished at once. Nothing need be required
to make that institution sufficient for all the pur-
poses of coinage but the order of the Secretary
of the Treasury to the Treasurer of the Mint to
use the coins in his hands to pay for the bullion
in his hands.
I desire to meet fully the objection, by attesting
what can be proved by papers now before me,
viz: that the denomination of coins has been made
in accordance with the wishes of those who de-
posited the bullion; and that full as much in
aggregate can be coined whenever the amount of
each denomination is assumed to be the same.
That is to say, the whole amount coined may be
equally divided among the different denominations
of gold coins—as many dollars and quarter eagles
as eagles and double eagles.
Extract of a letter from the Director iff the Mint:
" I wish distinctly to impress upon you, in tbe strongest
terms which I can employ, that tbe capacity of this Mint
for coinage is competent to any probable or possible demand
which may be made upon it. Whether we shall coin one
million or a hundred million; whether double eagles, or
an equal proportion of all pieces, is simply a question of
more or less hands. We have machinery enough, steam
enough, and room enough. For the present demands of
the public we have hands enough, and should more be
needed they are only too readily to be had.
*' To illustrate this matter, and at the same time to respond
to one of your questions, the present force in the coining
department is competent to a coinage of $18,000,000 in
gold, if we strike an equal value in each of the denomina-
tions of gold pieces; but were we called upon to coin
$50,000,000, keeping up the same proportion of pieces, that
is, issuing $10,000,(XK) in each gold piecc, it would only be
necessary for us to introduce titty additional females into
the service of the adjusting room. These suppositions in re-
gard to tbe proportions of pieces in the coinage would, how-
ever, never be realized, since in a precious metal like gold |
the larger pieces will always be most in demand.
"The difficulties at the Mint have arisen altogether from
a deficiency in our refining capacity. Happily this is now
supplitd, and we are, I believe, fully competent to all de-
mands which may be made upon us."
As reference has been made to the amount of
bullion or uncoined gold at the close of the present
year, let me say—and mind, in all my assertions I
am sustained by the most satisfactory authority,
and can adduce irrefragable pcoof—let me say
that the proper time for taking the balance is the
10th of December, as an immense deposit was
made at the close of the year, and it is known that
several weeks must elapse before that kind of
bullion would be coined; while the works at the i
Mint near the close of December are all suspended
1 for a perfect settlement of the accounts of the
| various officers. And the settlement is real; not a
mere paper statement, but an examination of the
material is then made. On the 10th of December
the balance of gold bullion in the Mint was
$2,603,555, instead of $5,258,696, as is represented
for the close of the year. j
The next subject for consideration, is the loss
and inconvenience consequent upon the distance
and delay in transit bet ween Philadelphia and New
; York. Nothing is saidof Baltimore, or any other
' place to which gold is brought from California. \
"Most of the gold dust," it is said, "is received
in New York." That I apprehend is true. I will
, not now say anything of the means by which the v
gold reaches that city instead of any other. But
admitting that it does arrive in New York—then
it is said, the means of testing its value and
coining the currency should be there. Of course,
allusion is had to the gold dust from California,
because there is no necessity of any delay in esti-
mating the value of the eoirw which come into
New York; they all have a fixed value; and
guineas, sovereigns, louis d'ors, and any other
gold coins have as fixed a value in the counting-
rooms and brokers' offices in Wall street, as have
the dollars, eagles, and double eagles of our own
country. So that they do not require a Mint, and in-
deed they do not come, since our standard of gold
is so much lower than that of most other nations,
that only few of such pieces come to us in the col-
lapsing purses of immigrants. Gold dust alone is
that which creates a necessity for a Branch Mint in
New York. Well, I suppose that the coinage
would not be any better in New York than it is in
Philadelphia—only the convenience to all parties
of having the Mint near the gold, can be con-
sidered.
Now, the inconvenience must be all in the cost
of transporting the gold to and from Philadelphia.
If the importer of the gold dust could receive its
value in New York as well as in Philadelphia, and
with as little cost, of course it would make no dif-
ference to him where the manufacture of the coins
was carried on—his concern is th5 equivalent. And
by a bill that I had the honor to propound to the
House last session, and which, with some additions,
I propose as a part of the substitute for the Senate
bill, the owner or depositor of the gold can obtain
in New York, if he is there, the equivalent in coin
for his bullion or dust just as easily as in Philadel-
phia. The provisions of that bill authorize thfe
sub-treasurer to receive the dust or Bullion and re-
ceipt therefor, transmit it at the cost of the Govern-
ment to Philadelphia, and in a few days receive
and give to the owner a certificate for the value of
the deposit—a certificate as available at bank or
custom-house, or at the merchant's or broker's,
as is gold itself.
Now, it must be borne in mind that Philadel-
phia is only four and a half hours from New York,
and trains of cars pass four times a day between
those cities, so that the time is nothing.
But it will be seen that the expense of the trans-
mission will be a considerable item in the expenses
of the Government. I do not know how much
would be taken in and returned under such a law;
but suppose it was twenty or thirty millions of dol-
lars in gold dust. Aprettylargeallowancethat. But
we will give good margins in such a calculation. For
the transportation of such an amount both ways,
Adams & Co., the highly-respectable express pro-
prietors, will charge $15,000, and proportionably
less for a smaller sum, giving ample security for a
full and faithful performance of the contract; so
that the expense is not large; and it would be re-
duced to $1,000 or $2,000 a year for a hundred
millions, if the ordinary mode of conveying the
mails, with a faithful guard, were adopted for the
gold. The gross expense, then, for coining in
Philadelphia twenty or thirty millions of gold,
would be $2,000, or $15,000 not more than the
highest, or with clerk hire a little more.
Now let ussee what it would cost in New York.
The cost af a Branch Mint, a lot of ground, and
the machinery, would be from one to two millions.
Let us say one million, the interest of which is,
per annum $60,000
The annual expense of officers, hands, re-
pairs to building, and machinery, would
be  160,000
220,000
The expense last year in Philadelphia was
$180,000; in New York it would be $220,000 per
annum—nearly fifteen times as much as it would
cost to carry the gold dust to Philadelphia to have
it coined, and return it to the public receiver in
New York at the highest price. I do not pretend
to say that my estimate of the New York Mint is
correct, but I appeal to those who know the value
of the machinery in a Mint, and the style of public
building in New York, whether I am not greatly
within the mark. The cost of conducting the
Mint—$160,000 perannurrj—is, I know, too low;
so that the cost of carrymg gold between New
York and Philadelphia would be about one fif-
teenth what its coinage would cost in New York—
