886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
to extend the erection of the building over a series
of years instead of completing it at once by the
•whole sum which the act of Congress authorized
them to apply for that purpose. They have
erected the building slowly, so as to apply the ac-
"cruing interest to the enlargement of the fund and
the increase of the general endowment of the in-
stitution. The plan of the building under which
it is now being erected is precisely that which was
adopted in the first instance by the Board of Re-
gents, and which, if it be completed, will, if Con-
gress choose to compel the institution to accept of
this donation, enable them to accommodate this
museum. The central building will accommodate
the library which it is proposed the institution shall
have, and also the museum of art. The upper
story of the central building is designed for the
museum of art, where the collections now in the
Patent Ofrice can be placed if Congress insist upon
it. They have therefore neglected no duty; they
have done their duty properly, judiciously, eco-
nomically, faithfully. I suppose no one will charge
them with a dereliction of duty, because they have i
endeavored to increase the principal fund, with j
the view o^wving the institution better enabled j
to carry ol^phe great and noble purposes of its
founder.
We have, therefore, all the information which
we can desire, and I see no necessity for the reso-
lution of the Senator. I would mention that in
the last annual report there is a distinct expres-
sion of the will ot the Board of Regents that they
should not be compelled to atcept of this donation,
and their belief that, under the law as it now is,
they cannot be compelled to accept it, and that it
would be a present which would be very expen-
sive to them and take from their funds that which
might be used for much more useful purposes.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply for the purpose of
moving to lay the resolution on the table. I am
Bure my friend from Wisconsin will feel satisfied,
after the explanation which lias been given, that
no good can result to the country by further press-
ing this resolution. With the view of avoiding
any further debate, unless the Senator from Wis-
consin wishes to be heard on his resolution, and
inasmuch aa the time has arrived, for the consid-
eration of the special order, I shall move to lay
this resolution on the table. If my friend from
Wisconsin will promise to make a very short
speech, and then make the motion, however, I will
withdraw it; but otherwise I cannot.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to say a few words,
but do not wish to promise to make any such mdv
tion.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I must insist upon the
motion.
Mr. WALKER. I ask, is this fair?
Mr. FOOTE. It is perfectly courteous. I may
be allowed to say that I wish to proceed with the
discussion of another important question, and that
is the reason I make the motion, but which I will
withdraw provided the Senator will renew it.
Mr. WALKER. I will make the motion, but
not vote for it.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. WALKER. I should not perhaps have
said anything on this resolution had it not been for >
an observation which fell from the Senator from |
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] He attributed to me i
in emphatic terms an object, which was to cripple
the fund, as he saidy by imposing upon it the our- |
den of this museum.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not intend !
to charge the Senator from Wisconsin with any
improper motive. I merely stated what the effect
of the proposition would be. But I did not be-
lieve that the Senator from Wisconsin uninvited
would have directed his attention to this subject, j
I take it for granted that some one suggested the j
resolution to him. !
Mr. WALKER. In that the Senator is alto- j
gether mistaken. I have heard the subject spoken j
of in. a great many quarters, but my own mind [
suggested to me the course I have taken here and '
elsewhere. I think I can appeal to the Senate that
I generally introduce my own thoughts, and a great
many of them, in opposition to what seems to be
the mind of the Senate. I shall always act on the
suggestions of my own mind when right and jus-
tice require me to do so.
Both the Senator from Mississippi and the Sen-
ator from Maryland are altogether mistaken in j
what I intended by the resolution. I have partly !
accomplished what I intended. I wished informa-
tion from the Senator from Mississippi and the
Senator from Maryland, whom 1 well knew were
more familiar with the subject than I was, and
ought to be so, for they are, I believe, both regents
of the institution. My object was to call out in-
formation on the subject. On looking to the sixth
section of the act, approved August 10th, 1846,
which was the act establishing the Smithsonian
Institution, I was really at some loss to determine
what it meant, and I am anxious to get the view®:
of the Board of Regents upon that point. That i
section is this:
" Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, in proportion j
suitable arrangements can be made for their reception, >
i all objects of art, and of foreign and curious research, and j
all objects of natural history, plants, and geological and
I mineralogical specimens, belonging or hereafter to belong i
{ to the United States, which may be in the city of Washing- i
ton, in whosesoever custody the same may be, shall be de- I
; livered to such persons as may be authorized by the Board
of Regents to receive them ; and shall be arranged in such
t order, and so classed, as best to facilitate the examination
and study of them, in the building so as aforesaid to be
erected for the institution ; and the regents of said institu-
tion shall afterwards, as new specimens in natural history,
geology, or mineralogy may be obtained for the museum of
the institution, by exchanges of duplicate specimens be-
longing to the institution, (which they are hereby author- 1
ized to make,) or by donation, which they may receive, 1
or otherwise, cause such new specimens to be also appro- ;
priately classed and arranged. And the minerals, books,
manuscripts, and other property of James Smithsori, which
have beenreceived by the Government of the United States,
and are now placed in the Department of State, shall be re-
moved to said institution, and shall be preserved separate ]
and apart from the other property of the institution."
I was in doubt as to the meaning of this section,
and it seems to me that almost everybody would
be in doubt as to the meaning of Congress in its
passage. A portion of it looks as though this
was a gratuity, and another portion looks as
though it imposed an obligation on the institution
to provide for and receive those articles which are
1 mentioned.
Then, looking at the interests of the Patent Of-
; fice, I come to this conclusion, that if it was proper
and right that the Smithsonian Institution should
take charge of these things and relieve the Patent
Office, they should certainly do it. If any one
will go to the Patent Office and examine the man-
ner in which models are kept, he will be satisfied
that the exhibition room of that office ought to be
clear, and the models to be exhibited there. At
present the exhibition room of the Patent Office is
occupied by this cabinet of curiosities. Models
are crowded into places never intended for them,
and look more like a series of brush heaps than
anything else. A person can scarcely get 'one
that is not broken; one can be scarcely got out
ofthe cases where they are deposited. Thi^is an
improper mode of keeping the models of the invent-
ors of the country. Something should be done to
remedy this evil. I think the patent fund should
be appropriated to the use of the Patent Office,
and not to the relief of the other Departments of
the Government. I hope that the enlargement of
the Patent Office building, which has been paid for
by the patent fund, will not be used for the con-
venience and accommodation of other Depart-
ments. What says the Secretary of the Interior ?
In his last annual report, after enumerating various
bureaus of his Department which need additional
accommodations, he says:
" I therefore recommend that the two wings of the Patent
Office be finished, and that they be appropriated to the ac-
commodation of the Department of the Interior and the
different offices thereto attached. They will thus be brought
under one roof, the communication between the head of the
Department and the different bureaus will be greatly facili-
tated, and the records of the Government safely lodged in a
fire-proof building."
I had hoped when I saw $216,468 taken from
the patent fund for a beautiful palace, that the
models of the inventions and the inventors and
mechanics of the country would receive some
benefit from it; but I see it is utterly hopeless
seeing this recommendation of the Secretary of the
Interior, and the wreck that is taking place in the
Patent Office of the models and inventions of the
country.
The Senator from Mississippi and the Senator
from Maryland have given me some information
on the subject of the resolution. And now I
would say to those gentlemen, both as Senators
and Regents of the institution, that I entertain not
the least unkind feelings towards the Smithsonian
Institution. On the contrary, I would be willing
to do anything reasonable that is within my power
to facilitate its great object, and the benefits which
the country expects to derive from it; but, at the
same time, I am unwilling to bestow benefits on that
institution at the sacrifice of the old and greater
interests of the patentees and the Patent Office.
With these feelings I think there was no impro-
priety in offering the resolution.
If the Smithsonian Institution is not to take
charge of these curiosities, it seems to me that
something should bedone to relieve the Patent Office
from its present embarrassing condition in relation
to the exhibition of its models. I think the patent
fund, the fund contributed by the mechanics and
inventors of the country, ought to be used solely
for the benefit of the Patent Office, and not for any
other Department of the Government unconnected
with that fund or its interests. #
According to my promise, I now move to lay
the resolution on the table, although I shall vote
against the motion, and hope it will not prevail.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. Will the Senator
withdraw the motion ?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I shall consume
but very little time. Having made as much ex-
planation as I thought was due to the occasion in
relation to the supposition by the Senator from
Wisconsin of a personal or offensive application
of what I said, I have nothing more to say on that
point.
The object of the Senator, as directed to the
benefit of the inventors of the country by provid-
ing a proper room for the exhibition of the models
of their inventions, is one in which I very cor-
dially sympathize. The Committee on Public
Buildings have already had that subject somewhat
under consideration. I know quite well that the
models in the Patent Office are in such a confused
condition as not to comply with the terms of the
law. The great gallefry intended for the exhibi-
tion of models is now occupied by the museum
which has been referred to. The present building,
however, was built by money drawn from the
United States Treasury, and may be occupied for
that purpose. The wing, which is being added
and built out of the patent fund, is clearly a build-
ing which should be for the use of the Patent Of-
fice, and I.hope it will not be transferred to any
other use. I sympathize with the object of the
Senator in giving proper accommodations to the
models in the Patent Office, and reserving for the
use of that office the building which is being
erected out of the patent fund. So far we go to-
gether.
I take it for granted, from the object of the
Smithsonian Institution, and from the plan on
which its operations have been commenced and
will be conducted, that it will never want such a
museum as that in the Patent Office; still less will
it want the garden of plants which has been col-
lected by the Exploring Expedition. I suppose
it would cost the institution not less than $10,000
a year to support such an establishment; and if
it were transferred, Congress, I think, would be
bound to endow the institution with $10,000 a
year additional. I think it is quite appropriate to
keep these natural curiosities in the Patent Office.
They may aid inventive genius. Vegetable growth
and animal action are elements upon which me-
chanical invention rests. There would therefore
seem to be something appropriate in lodging them
in the Patent Office. If they are not to be kept
there, let the Government provide a room else-
where, get rid of them, destroy them, or give them
to someDody that will take them. But let not the
Government coerce a fund, of which it was the
chosen trustee, which was granted by a foreigner
for a special purpose, with the charge of keeping
this collection. ,
Mr. BADGER. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was ordered to lie on the table.
APPRAISEMENT.
Mr. HUNTER. A few days ago I reported
from the Committee on Finance an admendment
to the bill introduced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts in relation to the appointment of apprais-
ers at large and for other purpose. I gave notice
then that I would call it up to-day. The bill, how-
ever, has not been printed. Since that time, too,
there has been a decision of the Supreme Court,
which it will be necessary to examine. For these
reasons I will not ask that the bill be taken up to-
