1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO$E.
389
the time we acquired the country, and had been, j
notwithstanding the proclamation of the Governor,
they would be, under this amendment, entitled to
them. Then it would be true, if these lands are
to be sustained and the right vested by twenty
years* possession, that the whole country would
be cast into the hands of the priests or specu-
lators, and it is immaterial which. The writer
goes on:
" I endeavored to obtain some statistics of the land, cat-
tle, and other property belonging to the various missions.
The data on record, however, partake of the  ame indefi-
nite character as the description of lands for which grants
are asked. I found, it is true, an account of the bounda-
ries of roost of the missions, with the quality of the land
embraced by them, but the particulars, notwithstanding they
were givenbv the resident padres themselves, are very un-
satisfactory. The lands are described as lyin® between cer-
tain hills and rivers, or embracing certain plains; sometimes
they are spoken of as canadas, or Uanas only. Some are
of great extent; the mission lands of San Antonio contain
two hundred and twenty-five square leagues, and those of
San Miguel five hundred and thirty-two. The others vary
from twenty to one hundred square leagues. At a rough
guess I should compute the original mission lands at about
eight millions of acres; probably (bur to five millions of
ac7es have since been disposed of by sales and grants."
This carries out the idea that 1 suggested, that
a part of these mission lands may have been dis-
posed of by head-rights under the proclamation
of 1833, leaving the balance undisposed of, and at
that time supposed to be in possession of thepriests
or padres.
" The remaining three millions of acres, comprising the
finest lands in California, are the property of the United
States. As much of it has been cultivated, or is capable of
immediate adaptation for the planting of orchards, gardens,
and vineyards, the sale or disposal of it would seem to re-
quire different regulations from those which govern other
portions of the public domain."
" The mission buildings now are but wrecks of their for-
mer condition. The broken walls, deserted corrals, and
roofless dwellings which surround them, are but melancholy
evidences of their ancient prosperity; Their character for
wealth and hospitality has passed away with the rule of the
padres and the vassalage of the Indians. They have had :
their day. They have fulfilled (and nobly, too, be it ac-
knowledged) the purpose of their creation. I see do cause
for lamenting, as many do, over their downfall. The spirit
of enterprise which has now taken firm root in the soil, will
make their neglected gardens blossom again, and deck their
waste fields with abundant harvests."
That last passage is merely a flourish of the
writer,and I have read it only to do justice to him.
Now we come to the grants:
" A subject of mpre direct interest to the California emi-
grants is that of the chatacter and validity of the grants
made to settlers previous to the acquisition of die country.
The extravagant pitch to which land speculation has risen,
and the uncertain tenure by which many of the best loca-
tions along the coast are held, render some official exami-
nation ana adjustment very necessary. The amount of specu-
lation which has already been done on an insecure basis
will give rise to endless litigation when the proper tribunal
•hall have been established. Meanwhile, a brief account
of the character of the grants, derived partly from Captain
HaEleck's admirable report on California affairs, and partly
from an examination of the grants themselves, may hot be
without its interest and uses."
So it seems that Mr. Taylor examined these
grants, and looked into the report of Mr. Halleck
for the purpose of getting information with regard
to them, t consider this combined information of
two intelligent minds upon this subject, to be well
calculated to draw the attention of the Senate and
the country to a vastly important subject, without
which perhaps an unfortunate or imprudent act of
legislation might involve us in immense losses, and'
give the purchase of the land to individuals. This
brings to my mind the assertion that I intended to
make, that the country had better be left in the
same condition in which it was in the beginning,
and this question had better be left to be decided
byjhe courts and government there.
" The first genera] decree for the granting of lands bears
date of June, 1779, when Governor Neve, then established
at Monterey, drew up a series of regulations, which were
approved by the King of Spun, and for more than forty
years remained in force, with little modification, throughout
the territory. To eacn poblador (settler) was granted a
bounty of #116 44 per annum for the first two years, and
£60 per annum for the three following, with the loan of
horses, cattle, and fanning utensils from the Government
supplies. Settlers in pueblos, or towns, had likewise the
privilege of pasturing their stocks on the lands belonging to
the town. Many of the minor regulations established in this
decree of Governor Neve are sufficiently amusing. For
instance, no poblador is allowed to sell any of his animals
until he shall possess fifteen mares and one stallion, fifteen
cows and one bull, and so on, down to cocks and hens. He
must then sell his extra stock to the Government, which of
course pays its own price.
"These regulations, designed only for the first rude stage
of colonization, were superseded by the decree of the Mex-
ican Republic for file colonization of its territories, dated
August 18,1824, which was further limited and defined by
a aeries of regulations dated November 31,1828. Up to the
time when California passed into the hands of the United i|
| States, no modifications were made to these act?, and they i
I consequently remain in force." .!
} Hence it is that the only grants which are le^al, j
i and which convey a good title under the existing j
laws of Mexico at the time we acquired the Ter- j
j ritoryof California, must come under two acts, |i
i those of 1824 and of 1828, if this writer be cor-
rect in his statements.
" Their most important provisions are as follows t The !
Governor of the Territory is empowered to make grants of
lands to contractors (for towns or colonies) and individuals
or heads of families. Grants of the first-named class require
the approval of the Supreme Government to make them
valid. For the latter the ratification of the Territorial As-
sembly is necessary; but in no case can the Governor make
grants of any land lying within ten leagues of the seacoast
or within twenty leagues of the boundaries of any foreign
Power, without the previous approval of the Supreme Gov-
ernment. '■
Now, within ten leagues of the coa&t the terri- .
torial government had no power to grant lands,
and never could doit; so that there never has been
a grant consummated in California within ten
leagues of the coast. Why? Because the Gov-
ernment of California had not the power to make
it, and the Government of Mexico never would
i confirm the title. But there are many grants
within that distance of the seashore now, and
which may have been in the possession of those ,
who hold them twenty years, and it is proposed ;
that jve now confirm them, when no law of Mex- i
ico would ever admit it to be done, and it is doubt- !
ful yet whether we shall do it. \
" The authorities of towns*, however, are allowed to dis-
pose of lands lying within the town limits, the proceeds to
be paid into the municipal fund. The maximum extent of
a single grant is fixed at one square league of irrigable land,
four of temporal, or land where produce depends on the
. seasons, and six of land for pasturing and rearing cattle—
eleven square leagues (about fifty thousand acres) in all.
i The minimum extent is two hundred varas square (a vara
| is a little less than a yard) of irrigable land, eight hundred
! of temporal, and twelve hundred of pasturage. The size
of a house lot in any of the pueblos is fixed at one hundred
; varas. The irregular spaces and patches lying between the
boundaries of grants throughout the country are to be dis-
tributed among the colonists who occupy the adjoining
land, or their children, preference being given to those who
have distinguished themselves by their industry and moral
deportment." ,
There is another fact necessary to be known
i before we legislate away the country by issuing '
' grants in California. Under the laws of Mexico
the lands never were surveyed, but grams were
made contiguous to each other with large tracts be- |
tween them, intended for those who were indus-
trious and moral, or for the descendants of those
who occupied the adjacent lands. Nothing could
be taken from the original claim until the Govern-
ment had divested the title, and I allege -that has
never been done. Some of these original grants
were very large, and were bounded only by hills
or streams, and had smaller grants made between
them.
" All grants not made in accordance with these regula-
tions, from tile time of their adoption up to July 7,1846,
when the American flag was raised at Monterey and the
Departmental Junta broken up, are not strictly valid, ac-
cording to Mexican law. The restrictions against lands
within ten leagues of the seacoast were never removed.
The only legal giant of such land was that made to Captain
Stephen Smith, of the port of Bodega, which received the
approval of the Supreme Government. In the Macnamara
j | Colonization grant, made by Pio Pico only four days before
, the occupation of Monterey by our forces, it is expressly
. i stated that the consent of the Mexican Government is ne-
cessary to make it valid. Yet, in spite of this distinct pro-
vision, large tracts of this coast from San Francisco to San
; Diego, were granted to citizens and colonists by Figueroa,
j Alvarado, and other Governors."
, ] Here is a point to which I wish to call the par-
] ticular attention of the Senate—that under the
Mexican law no grunt could be made within ten
i; leagues of the seacoast, and yet the Governors
have made such grants of land within that distance
of the seacoast, and which have never been con-
firmed by the Government of Mexico. These
' lands, then, are held by grants that are wholly
, illegal, in taking possession of the public domain
I positively prohibited, and they have been in pos-
i session of them more than twenty years, and by
that amendment we confirm the title to the public
domain itself.
" All these acts, having never received the sanction of
1 the Supreme Government, would, by a literal construction
i of the law, be null and void. The Supreme Government
' of Mexico always reserved to itself the right of using any
i portion of the coast, promontories, harbors, or public land
of the interior, for the purpose of erecting forts, arsenals, or
| national store-houses."
j I will read nq further. The reason why I have
read this chapter is because I profess not to be ac-
I quainted with the laws that governed California.
I cannot tell what the facts are in this case, except
as I gather them from the writer; and I cannot tell
under what view or feelings he may have written.
I cannot tell whether he is interested as a specula-
tor, or in what manner he is interested, if in any.
I give the communication to the Senate. And
why ? For the purpose of convincing this body
that none of.us are sufficiently acquainted with the
laws that have prevailed there to legislate defi-
nitely, and that the better and more prudent course
would be to leave the rights of the settlers, the
rights of the occupants, and the missions, to the
treaties and laws which governed the country, and
leave these treaties and laws to the courts. Let
us pass no law to secure any class of men in the
possession of their .property. Let their titles be
investigated according to the laws of Mexico, under
which these people lived, and our own treaty.
If the lands have been rightly granted they can
be protected, but if these individuals have been
trespassers for twenty years within ten leagues of
the seacost, in violation of the laws of their own
country, and if they could not hold the land against
Mexico, shall the United States, who have pur-
chased this public domain, permit these persons to
occupy it? No, sir. As the Senator from Mis-
sissippi said the other day, we would not do it
for our own citizens. It was not done for the peo-
ple of Louisiana when that country was acquired.
It has been done nowhere. Why, if I had gone
and settled in some of the western States and sur-
veyed five thousand acres, and been there fifty
years, what right would it give me ? None. I
would have been a trespasser from the beginning.
Our preemption laws are not near so liberal as this
is proposed to be. Now, what is the course of
things in California? Wherever a claimant finds
it difficult to get metes and bounds, he takes as
much as he supposes he wants. Hence it is that
lawyers and agents interested in this matter come
in joihtly and operate incidentally with the man
who claims a grant under the head-right. And
why ? Because they take their fees out of the bal-
ance of the land, after giving the old Mexican set-
tler the portion which he wants. Then the bound-
aries can only be established by parole evidence,
as there are no records kept there. Hence it is
that I say again, after looking to the subject merely
for the purpose of convincing my own mind, that
I have come to the conclusion to stand by the
treaty, and leave the treaty and die laws of Mex-
ico to the courts.
Mr. BENTON. I have listened with a great
deal of pleasure to the reading of the work of Mr.
Bayard Taylor by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Dawson.] Bayard Taylor is a handsome writer,
and the Senator from Georgia is a handsome
reader; and if I only had time I would take great
delight in hearing nim read the whole volume
through, although I have read it myself; for it is "
one of those books which will bear at second and
a third reading. Still it would not be received as
law authority in a court of justice.. We have
something above that, and it is the law itself
which he is quoting. He first quotes the law of
the Cortes of Old Spain, as it has been called, for
the secularization of these church lands, made
13th September, 1833. I happen to have that act
on my table, in Mr. Jones's report. I did not
choose to trouble the Senate with reading it, be-
cause it so happened that the Cortes at that time
j was in that condition whiclvthe great mathemati-
I cian of antiquity was in when he said he could
, lift the world had he but a place to stand upon.
I The Cort^g happened to have no place to stand
upon at that time. They were off the continent—
between land and water—on a little island—armies
in front, ocean in rear. They had no dominion
either in old Spain or new Spain, and what they
passed had no effect either in the Old World or in
I the New World. It was the act of 1833, in Mex-
ico, which took effect in secularizing these estates,
i and that I read. Besides that, I nave here the
1 official history of the foundation of these missions,
not written in the pleasant style of Mr. Taylor,
but in the form of reports from the Viceroys of
; Mexico to the Kings of Spain. The reading of
' these dispatches will not ue so delightful to the
Senate as that with which the Senator from Geor-
gia has entertained us, and therefore I did not read
them, and, besides, did not think it necessary. I
refer to one, an official dispatch from the Viceroy,
the Count Revilla Gigeda,.to the King, dated in
; Mexico, the 27th December, 1793.
