890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
If we were going to try the rights of these mis- j
sions—if the Senate was to cease legislation and
become judicial—cease making law and proceeding
to administer it, then we should look to these offi-
cial dispatches. The book of Mr. Taylor is very
handsome, and very interesting, and very enter-
taining, and the more agreeable as beautifully read ,
by the Senator from Georgia; but still, in "point of
law, it is not of equal auUiority with a vice regal
dispatch to the King. But we are not a court of
justice. We are not trying rights. We are not
administering law, but trying to make law for
others to administer. We sat out to institute a.
tribunal to examine these claims, and have com-
menced the examination ourselves. But, to make
the labor light, instead of reading dry law we
have recourse to entertaining books of travel, and
pick scraps of law out of bunches of flowers.
But the Senator seemed to be filling himself with
alarm while filling me with delight by his agree-
able reading. Popery and principalities rose up
before him in most appalling forms. Nineteen
missions, and each mission a splendid principality,
was to become the inheritance of papist priests.
Poorpriests ! how they will be astonished to hear
it. They who never did and never can own prop-
erty ; and who only consume of this world's goods
what feeds, and clothes, and shelters them, and
enables them to go through their life of labor in
the church, the school-house, the house of sick-
ness and distress, the pathless wilderness—they
will be astonished at the dazzling wealth with
which the Senator invests them. They never had
anything in California but the pittance which they
afte and wore, and of that the law of seculariza-
tion deprived them. The property belongs to the
church, not to the priest; it was ecclesiastical, not
individual. They never did hold, da hold, nor
can hold property. The canons of the church
forbid it. And yet we have an alarm here to-day
little short of that in the British Parliament when
the gunpowder plot of Guy Fawks was so oppor-
tunely discovered. Secularization deprived them
of the possession of the missions, and of the right
of getting their subsistence from them. It gave
them support in a different form—a small stipend,
a house to live in, and a few acres of ground to
cultivate. This is what was done for them, and
this is the clause in the act of secularization:
" Article 7. Of the buildings belonging to each mission the
most appropriate shall be designated for the habitation of
the curate, with the addition of a lot of ground, not exceed-
ing two hundred varus square; and the remaining edifices
shall be specially adjudicated for a court-house, preparatory
achools, public establishments, and workshops."
This is it. One house, and one lot! And that
not his own, but the use of it while curate there.
Two hundred varas square, each vara three geo-
metrical feet, a little less than an English yard, and
making some six acres. This is the principality—
one of the nineteen principalities which loom so
fearfully in*the eyes of the Senator of Georgia,
and under the terror of which private property to
.Catholic priests the Senate is required to legislate!
One lot and one house to each parish ! Why, we
Protestants have dozens and scores of parsonage
houses in almost any town, furnished not by the
Government, but by the parishioners, and belong-
ing to the church, not to the officiating minister.
This is the source of the terror which these Cath-
olic priests have inspired to-day, the foundation of
the alarm which has filled the bosom of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, and which he has so feelingly
propagated in this Chamber. I fee] none of it, and
if the gentleman himself or the Senate should act
under it, they will do a sad injusticeywiot to the
priests themselves, who can neither gain nor lose by
our legislation, but to the people of California.
But our bill, this judiciary bill, makes no excep-
tion; this house and lot of the curate is to run the
gauntlet of the three trials which the bill provides
for all landed property. It is to be put upon trial
three times in United States courts, be exposed to
all the arts and skill of the United States attorney,
pay costs, give security, follow up to the Supreme
Oourt of the United States, and at last, if he fails,
the two hundred varas and the house—the six
acres and the cottage—are to become the spoil and
prey of the thirty-one United States of America,
ana to be surveyed and disposed of like any other
public land. I protest against this. I appeal to
Protestant America to stand by me.
I have no notion of compelling that curate, and
ne only a temporary tenant, to go before our board
of commissioners, there to give in his title, then
have a petition filed against him to try rights with '
somebody else at the same time, with the double
appeals, one of which is to bring him from the
Pacific to the Atlantic, contending throughout with
the quirks and the quibbles, the arts and the chi-
canery of the attorney which the thirty -oneUnited ;
States may employ against him. Sir, I slmll raise
my voice against all this, and whether it is availa-
ble here or not, I think it will find a lodgment in
the hearts of Protestant America as well as in
Catholic California.
But there are a class of settlers who still more
claim our sympathies—the civilized Indians—those
neophytes of the missions who lost their best friends ,
when the missions were secularized, and whose i
last blow is now to be received from us. Sir, it is ,
deplorable to contemplate the mischief which this
bill is to operate, the terror, the despair, the ex-
Eense, the long agony which it is to carry into the
osoms of a far distant and helpless people. These ,
claimants hold written grants, or nave long pos-
session. Either is to be respected. Gentlemen i1
say the Supreme Court will sustain them. I say
so too; but when ? After the parties are ruined
under the operations of this bill. The court has -
shown that they have common sense as well as ;,
law, and have carried out the treaties and law of j
nations as often as cases have been brought before \
them; but it is wrong to carry people to the Supreme ;1
Court to defend what is their own. Gentlemen >,
say that a grant within ten leagues of a coast is
void. I answer, in the Supreme Court that what- 1
ever a public functionary does is presumed to be
right until the contrary is proved.
I apprehend there are a good many grants with-
in ten leagues of the coast. I apprenend that San
Francisco is within ten leagues, and Monterey,
and Santa Barbara, and Santiago. Then there is I
something else near to the coast also, and to which
a decree applies. They are the islands in front of , j
the coast, and which have been granted. But why j
engage in all this? Where is it to end? We will
not get to the termination of anything if we under-
take to make ourselves acquainted with Spanish
egislation upon the subject.
[ must here repeat, perhaps for the fortieth time,
that the Californias were both specially exempted '
from the general land laws which applied to the !
Spanish possessions in New Spain, (as the posses-
sions ofSpain on this continent were called,) which ;!
were divided into twelve, intendencies for the dispo- |j
sition of the public land. An intead ant-general
was within each intendency. He bad sub-dele- jl
gates in each province granting a concession, and ij
that concession always requiring a survey to be ! I
made and a plan of it to be returned to the intend- ;'
ant-general before the title was complete. That , j
was with respect to the twelve intendencies. Both j;
of the Californias were specially exempted from j
that law, and all the lands in them were disposed :!
of under special decrees and laws applicable to
them. If we undertake to study them we shall
have to confine ourselves, with justice to the case,
to those laws made for the Californias, and not 1
those for the twelve intendencies. 1
Twenty years is the period of limitation men-
tioned in this bill. But ten years' actual possession
and consecutive cultivation were in the act of
1805-'6, for the settlement of land claims in Lou- j j
isiana; ten years, under certain limitations and !
restrictions. The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. !j
Dodge] must have heard, I suppose, a thousand i
times the reference to these ten years possessions ;
and consecutive cultivation.
Mr. President, the provision as first drawn is,
in my opinion, the right one. It was to make
the law of prescription in California apply against
the Government of the United States as it applied '
between individuals. It is a most perfect act, and !
for the public good by quieting possessions. Now, ,
if in California any one of these persons who is 
to be dragged through three courts by the United
States was sued by another person, he would
have the benefit of this defence. If he came under i
either of the three provisions of thirty, twenty, ,
or ten years, he would be protected according to
the extent of thatjirovision. Now, I submit to |
the sense of the Senate, to their sense and justice, \
is it right for the United States, in their power, to
take to themselves an advantage in conducting law- j
suits against these people, which no man in the
country could have, if he was. to carry it on
against the individual ? Is it right for the United
States to deprive these people of a defence which
would be good against all the world besides"? I
put the question to the American Senate, is it
right that the United States, in arrainsring the en-
tire titles of the country; in suing a whole popu-
lation at once; in requiring the whole population
to go to a tribunal which they constituted, and
there make good their titles to the land is it
right that the United States under these circum-
stances should deprive the people thus sued en
masse, thus subjected to the loss of their property,
and to the most onerous expenses—I appeal to
the consciences of every American and ask, is it
right to deprive these people in such a case of the
benefit of a law which he would have, if sued,
against all the world besides ? This bill differs
from all that ever existed before. All others had
equitable provisions in favor of the settler: this
is full of legal enactments against him. It is a
bill of law—brimfull of law—full of enactments
to harass the claimant. It comes, not from the
public land, but from the law committee. It is
a law bill, providing for suing a whole com-
munity. Sir, in the long history of the British
Parliaments there are some that have earned hon-
orable and some dishonorable appellations. Of the
latter I will not speak. Among the honorable was
one which was called the "Blessed Parliament,"
and we are told by Lord Coke it was so called
because there was not a single lawyer in it.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say a few words upon
the particular amendment under consideration,
and in reference to any proposition which will in-
troduce a new and distinct rule of property from
that which is presented in the treaty which we are
to carry into effect. We are bouna by honor, by
justice, and by good faith to carry the treaty into
full effect. We ought to give to it, I admit, a
liberal and generous interpretation; but we are
not bound to go beyond it. We are not to intro-
duce new rules of property in behalf of the inhab-
itants of California, extending their land and en-
larging their possessions. We are bound to secure
to them, by the treaty made with Mexico, exactly
that property to which they are entitled by the
laws of the country, whether of Mexico, Spain,
or California, under which that property has been
held.
Now, what is the proposition before the Senate ?
It is to introduce, as I conceive, a new rule. The
proposition is that possession for twenty years, be-
ing bona fide, with determined limits, is to m vest the
party, wi A a tjtle although he has no paper title what-
ever; for in the amendment there is no requisition
for a paper title. Possession bona fide for twenty
years, with limits such as are described by the
amendment, is to invest the party with the title,
whether derived from any one of the Governments
which formerly existed in California, or whether
there is paper evidence of the title or not. Now,
before 1 speak very particularly of that amend-
ment, let me call your attention to the rule which
is adopted in the 11th section of this bill for deci-
ding questions of right in regard to these claims in
California:
" Jtnd he it further enacted, That the commissioner*
herein provided for, and the District and Supreme Courts,
in deciding on the validity of any claim brought before
them under the provisions of this act, shall be governed by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the law of nations, the
laws, usages, and customs of the Government from which
the claim is derived, the principles of equity, and the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States, so far as
they are applicable."
It might be well to understaniwhy these various
sources of authority are inserteain the. bill, because
by the terms of the treaty we are only bound to
secure to the inhabitants of California their prop-
erty as they held it under the Government of
Mexico, prior to its cession to this country. It
shows rather the liberality which governed the
Committee of the Judiciary in laying down the
rules by which the rights of claimants in California
were to be settled. Now, what is this expression
in relation to the laws of the country ? " The laws,
usages, and customs of the country from which
the claim is derived." If the intention of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Soule] is not expressed in the laws, in
the customs, or in the usages of the Government
from which the claims are derived, upon what
foundation of justice or propriety shall we intro-
duce a new rule and enlarge the rights of claimants
in that country, and one, too, so loose as this.
Possession, bona fide possession, without paper
title, for a period of twenty years, is the provision
