1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$93
da vs. will mxkt a wide difference in Ion of inter-
est", as compared with an earlier payment; and if
you bii\r ii> w.iit so loiis to iret your pay ill dollar
the result will always be "that the depositor
will find it to Ins interest to take the double eagles,
rather than sacrifice from one quarter per rent, to
one per cent. by waiting;. This is what they call a
rkouf or selection of coin. If you do not take
the double eagles. you cannot get the other kind
for two months.
I hear of instance* where silver has been sent
to the Mint, and the coin of small descriptions
asked in return, which has not been sent back in
less than two or three months. This clearly proves
the insufficiency in the working of the Mint hith-
erto; and for coinage of average pieces, it will
remain insufficient, nor will full relief be obtained
until a Mint is established in New York. I ask,
then, is it worth while for the country to be put to
the inconvenience of having an insufficient Mint
when our golden age is just commencing ? Should
we not rather—seeing the cemin; targe influx of
fold from Califorma-^—be prepared with all suitable
appliances to meet it,and turn it into the thousand
channels of our diversified commerce, so as to en-
rich our borders, in preference to driving it out,
and forcing it to other nations, more wise in this
respect than ourselvesIn order to do this, yon
most place the Mint where the supply of metal is
received. You must not be obliged to resort to
Philadelphia, and be at all the trouble and ex-
pense and risk of transporting the metal there and
back as*in, to my nothing of the inconvenience of
being: obliged to wait for three or four weeks be-
fore you can get your coin.
I look at the disadvantages of the present state
of things which we are now laboring under, and
the only remedy which I know of, is to put a
Mint in the city of New York.
This measure may be postponed, and the people
may be taxed as proposed, in order to keep the
Mint in the wrong place; but the change must even-
tually be made, or all reliance will be at an end,
upon the immutable and irreversible law* of trade;
which, after all, will govern this case. With a
view of dividing the friends of this measure, the
proposition was made to leave out the Mint in
New York, but providing for one in California.
This should not be successful, for a Mint in the
latter place would not render needleas one in New
York. In California, gold will be coined only so
far as coin is needed for circulation in that State
and neighboring territories; but all beyond that will
be mehed into bars, and stamped with value, so
as the more cheaply and expeditiously to be trans-
mitted to the United States and eisewnere. Of the
sixty millions of gold obtained is California, forty
millions are sent to the United States; and that is
best done in ingots or bars, stamped with value.
If coin is waited for in California, it will take
twenty or thirty days, for they will not be able
to coin any faster in California than in Philadel-
phia. Thus the value of a thousand dollars in a
bar of gold can be sent to New York sooner and
cheaper; it is subject to less freight, and less
insurance. Indeed, the expense will be less in
every respect than it would be on a thousand dol-
lars in rajM com. Hence, the California Mint will
melt gold into bars or ingots,stamp value on them;
but will not issue more coin than will be required
for their home circulation. I have no idea at all
that the Mint in California will injure the business
of the Mint in New York, but, in fact, will greatly
add to it. There should be a Mint established
there, so that those who have procured gold by
their labor can ascertain its value. As the matter
now stands, the gold dust and lumps obtained are
so mixed with other metals that their value the
laborer is unable to ascertain; and the result is, it
is mostly disposed of to speculators at a large dis-
count.
All this is wrong. The Government owes its
flill protection to the laborer of California; and that
can be extended only by establishing a Mint and
Assay Office there, so as to stamp value upon de-
posits of gold that their full measure may be received
by the hard-working population. New York, too, is
most certainly entitled to have a Mint. It imports
nearly all the gold from California, and though
some of it belongs to people in one part of the
country and some in another, still the bulk of it
is under the direction and control of the New York
merchants, to whose consignment it is sent. And
so strong does this argument appear, even to those
who oppose the Mint being placed in New York,
that they are forced to propose, by way of com-
Cromise, the amendments offered to this Seriate
ill, and therein is proposed one plan with two
purposes. One is, to establish in the city of New
York an Assay Office. This is considered suffi-
cient for New'York. To be sure, this will cost
*50,(XH), and £10,000 a year for supporting it.
The gold is to be deposited in the Assay Office, and
certificates of value issued for it; but the great
bonus proposed for killing the Mint in New York
is to allow these certificates to be received in pay-
ment of public dues. This seems an ill-advised
scheme, and I am sorry to say, there is some
foundation for its being proposed, in the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
It would be a dangerous movement; and, if adopt-
ed, would leave to the fiscal head of the Government
no complete control over the Treasury of the coun-
try. He could make no further calculation as to
the resources of the Government; and if these
certificates were receivable for all public dues, the
amount of funds in the Treasury would depend
upon the influx of gold, and not upon the revenue
of the country as collected in coin. There would
bean issue of millions of dollars of Government
paper money put forth without restriction, receiva-
ble at every point intheUnion where a debt toGov-
ernment was payable, and financial embarrassment
would be the inevitable result.
They who propose such an ill considered scheme,
seem carried away by their jealousy of New York,
and by their overweening partialities for Philadel-
phia; and were it for a moment possible to carry
it into effect, the question of a Mint at either or
both places would be of almost insignificant im-
portance.
But the very proposal of such a scheme only
shows to this*committee, what purposes are re-
sorted to, in the hope of defeating a measure im-
peratively demanded by the laws of trade—the
force of which laws are thus acknowledged even
by those who would resist them. 1 will only add,
that it is a project which, I supposed, could not
have been entertained by any one—but least of
all by my Democratic friends on the other side of
the House, to whom the honerable member from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] so pathetically ap-
pealed, to sustain Philadelphia against New York.
That suggestion must, if retained, prove fatal to
the amendment to which it is attached; for if this
House is prepared to say that there shall be no
Mint at New York, and that there shall be the
issue of some thirty or forty millions of paper
money during anyone year redeemable nowhere,
receivable everywhere, circulating from one end
of the country to the other, and dependent not I
upon any fixed and known rules of control, but i
entirely upon the influx of gold into the country, I
or upon what may be in the California Mint
—this, if the committee see the matter as I do,
must put the seal of condemnation upon such a
wild project. The law giving discretion to Gov-
ernment in using public money for redeeming
Mint certificates, is right—let it not be thus re-
pealed. But, gentlemen tell us that in anticipa-
tion of, and since the movement made for the
establishment of a Mint in New York, the capa-
city for the coinage of the Philadelphia Mint is
quadrupled, or will be so, within a very short
time. But that I apprehend is mere anticipation,
and not really the fact; it is expected to be done,
and is hoped for; not what has been accomplished.
We show, on the other hand, that the Mint in
New York can be put into operation by expending
an amount not larger than will be required at
furthest in two years, in taxing the country for
transportation to and from Philadelphia of all the
bullion deposited for coinage, and then, of course,
such tax would cease.
It would be much more fair that the whole of that
expense of carrying coin to and fro, should be
bome by Philadelphia, in order that a Mint shall
be kept up there; not that it should fall upon the
people generally; and when that comes to be un-
derstood, I do not think that such a proposition
will find favor in this enlightened country.
There can be no doubt that the Mint should
be established at New York, where gold to feed
it is almost exclusively received, and where coin
is more needed than anywhere else, for two-thirds
of the revenue of the country is paid there,
and in gold, too; there all the exchanges of the
continent are concentrated, and there emphatically
money will pay a debt in any part of, nay, all oter
the Union. Can Philadelphia present any such
claim? And if not, how long are thelaws of com-
merce to be set at nausrht ? I will repeat, that a
Mint in New York can be established of the most
approved character, in the most perfect working
oraer, and with such capacity as to throw off, to
say the least, as much coinage as the one now es-
tablished at Philadelphia, and this, too, for the
sum of $350,000, or, in other words, for two years'
tax upon the people for keeping the Mint in Phil-
adelphia upon the plan suggested by the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler.1
The time, too, of coinage, will not, under good
management, exceed ten or twelve days; thus
saving to depositors a considerable amount in in-
terest now lost, where the public funds cannot
be used to anticipate coinage.
Mr. CHANDLER". I want to ask the gentle-
man whether he supposes the coining could be done
any fasterin New York than in Philadelphia ?
Mr. KING. I have said I think ten or twelve
days enough, especially under the improved mode
of parting the gold from the silver, which abounds
in California products; whilst in Philadelphia no
less than twenty-nine days have been required,
and sometimes much more. To say that it will
be done sooner now in Philadelphia, mav be the
promise only, and not the performance. My own
belief is, that it may require from twenty to thirty
days, unless the new process of refining is em-
ployed in Philadelphia.
The Mint has been under high pressure of
steam, so far as the work was to be exhibited, for
the last few weeks; but within this month, the Di-
rector of the Mint has informed me that it took
twenty-nine days to return coin after bullion or
dust is deposited there. His letter was written
on the fourth of January. I do not know that
there has been any great improvement since that
time. But the Philadelphia Mint seems to have
awaked from her long sleep since 1792, and we
have now brought before us the large increase
of coinage for one or two months, and the prom-
ised all-sufficiency of the Mint there, for any
emergency, stimulated, perhaps, by the fear of a
Branch Mint being placed in New York.
If it is said that of the gold received, a part be-
longs to Philadelphia, (and very probably that is
so,) my opinion is, that you would never see one
ounce of uncoined gold in Philadelphia, belonffing
thereornot, after the Mint was established in New
York; for it would be a great deal cheaper to coin
it in the latter city, than to transport it for the
same purpose to the former. Here we meet the
exact point of the argument. All that it costs to
transport it to Philadelphia, is the tax upon that
operation; and that tax, I repeat, in two years—but
in three years at furthest—to make the most liberal
allowance—would build, and put in operation, a
Mint in New York.
The statements of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Chandler] must be taken with a good
deal of allowance.
I am satisfied that there are no facts to sustain
his position, either, as to the immense increase of
capacity in the Mint within thirty days; for re-
member the amount coined in December, work-
ing chiefly too on double eagles, was less than
four millions of dollars, and likewise, as to the
expense and risk of transporting coin to and from
Philadelphia, and particularly, also, in the prob-
able cost of a Mint in New York, which he first
calls two millions, and in the same breath, calls
one million dollars. There is really too much
looseness in such statements, and if they were
withdrawn from his remarks, or reduced to their
proper dimensions, he would be left very far
behind the argument as he now presents it. I
should think it likely that great promises would
be made by Philadelphia, it they knew they could
keep the Mint there by that means; nor is there
any doubt but that the gentleman would go as far,
properly, as any other person, to keep the Mint
there, where it has been located for so long a time.
But I think I have shown to this committee, that
the statements of gentlemen are greatly exagger-
ated; that whenever they have made estimates,
they are promises for future years, and are not
based upon the experience of, or fair deductions
from, the past.
At the risk of tediousness, I repeat that, if they
had coined an average of gold pieces instead of
double eagles, the amount stated as the capacity of
