394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
the Mint, would be at once reduced one half, and
coining quarter eagles and dollars—the really
uaefullnetallic currency—that capacity would be
still more greatly curtailed. Ana if silver coins
were required too, the capacity of the Philadel-
phia Mint would diminish to a very low figure.
In this state of things it seems absurd that
the nation and its commerce should be deprived of
the facilities and advantages of a Mint in- New
York, which would go so far to arrest the com-
mercial and legislative error, of keeping the coun-
try's coinage exclusively in Philadelphia.
Vou might as well regulate a farming establish-
ment by putting the mill for daily bread at a
most incovenient distance, in preference to a posi-
tion near at hand, or by placing a threshing ma-
chine for a neighborhood m a distant county, and
by compelling every farmer to lose his time and
pay the expense of transportation to and from the
inconvenient location. This, to say the least, is
not in accordance with American notions of prac-
tical utility.
It has been said by some that New York is not
a safe place for a Mint, because a tax will be laid
on such an establishment at an enormous rate. I
lieve there is a law now in existence which ex-
empts from taxation the property of the United
States lying in the city of New York. I am un-
doubtedly deceived, if such be not the fact. My
friend near me says that I am correct. Upon this
point a difficulty occurred in Pennsylvania: there
a tax was laid upon the Mint, and being left un-
paid, a suit was brought, and a judgment re-
covered, against the United States, for which an
appropriation was made at the last session of
Congress. I am glad, however, to learn the tax
has been repealed, and the judgment annulled by
Pennsylvania.! This it is important to refer to,
as regards New York, because the Senate bill now
under discussion requires, as a preliminary, that
no tax be levied in New York upon the Mint.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the gentleman know
that the city of Philadelphia refused any funds
which were collected from the Mint, and that the
Legislature of Pennsylvania passed a law exempt-
ing United States property from taxation ?
Mr. KING. I nave stated what I believe to be
the case; perhaps the effort made to remove the
Mint from Philadelphia may have had an effect
in Pennsylvania upon this point.
Mr. Chairman, I do not stand here to pro-
mote any sectional interests. I do not intend
to meddle with any question of rivalry be-
tween those two great cities. It forms no ar-
gument with me, neither does the enumeration
of vast expenditures made by the Government in
New York, as compared with those made in Phil-
adelphia. That does not affect this matter. I
presume the Government spends its money where
it can eet the most value for it; and if that is in
New York, no other reason is needed. I respect
and admire Philadelphia, have no invidious feel-
ings towards her; I rejoice in her prosperity, and
I glory in her greatness, as part of my country;
and I think too highly of both her prosperity and
her greatness, to allow me for one moment to be-
lieve that her retaining exclusively the coining
power of the country should raise a second
thought there, if the advantage ought legitimately
to be shared by New York. I am not here to
speak for New York. She has in case of need, a
voice potential on this floor; neither do I speak for
New Jersey, but for the whole country, and its
true interest, in the most enlarged sense. I speak
for the enactment of laws for the whole Union.
I speak for the promotion and protection of com-
mercial interests, which are in danger of neglect
and injury. I speak for no particular interest,
and least of all as regards any rivalry between
the cities of New York and Philadelphia. I do
not even advert to it. I have no thought disre-
spectful of Philadelphia; yet if I believed that she
was desirous to extend herself in any respect, at
the expense of laws which are more potent than
the laws of Congress, I should not fail to enter
my protest against it; and I should endeavor to
uphold and foster those laws for the advantage of
the whole country.
To conclude; I trust the committee may think
that the Mint in Philadelphia is in the wrong place.
I pronounce it in the wrong place for the follow-
ing reasons: Because the gold is not directly
brought there, and the supply of metal is there-
fore not constantly kept up there, and because
if placed there, a tax must must be levied upon
the people of the country, who have no interest in
the wrong location. All facts and conclusions go to
prove that it is in the wrong place. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania seems willing that the
people should continue to pay this tax, which I ,
make of much more than $100,000 a year for trans-
portation and insurance of gold to and from New
York and Philadelphia; and this, too, although
that amount of expenditure would be sufficient in
two years to build a mint in New York of equal
capacity with, the Mint in Philadelphia—and then
that the tax would cease forever. A conclusion
on his part only less to be wondered at than the
one to put in circulation Mint certificates in un-
restrained amounts throughout the country, threat-
ing all the landmarks of finance and endangering
the Treasury—all—anything—but the establish-
ment of a Branch Mint in New York. What is
equally remarkable, he calls upon his Democratic,
as well as his Whig friends, in this committee to
throw aside all their most cherished dogmas—their
loudly proclaimed hard-money doctrines—and to
stand by him in support of his most extraordinary
scheme.
Mr. DISNEY having obtained the floor, said :
Mr. Chairman, I had not for various reasons pro-
posed to say anything upon the pending question
before the committee, and I shall but briefly oc-
cupy its time. To this I am limited, as well from
temporary physical inability as from other con-
siderations. But I have felt impelled^to make
some remarks on the bill in consequence of indi-
cations which have fallen under my observation,
of extraordinary efforts on the part of certain
gentlemen here, to press this measure to its final
passage through the House. And in order to pre-
vent, if possible, that which I believe ought to be
prevented, I shall briefly, rapidly, and I trust suc-
cinctly, endeavor to present one or two reasons
which, in my judgment, ought to be decisive and
conclusive against the passage of this bill.
And first, sir, this is not the time to enter on an
expenditure such as the bill proposes to inflict
upon the public Treasury, when a report now
upon the table of members sets forth the startling
fact that the expenditures of the current year will
be some six or seven millions more than the re-
ceipts of the Treasury—and when, superadded to
that, the House has undertaken' an experiment
with regard to the post office of the country which
even its friends concede will involve an additional
expenditure of a million or more from the Treas-
ury. I put it to the deliberate judgment of the
committee whether this is the time, the hour to
undertake an experiment like that proposed in the
present bill? Aye, I ask each member upon this
floor to reflect upon the threatened condition of
our Treasury—to remember the deficit which will
arise, according to the estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the expenditure which will be
incurred by the operation of the new postage bill;
and I ask each of them, whether they are pre-
pared by their votes to sanction a further and new
expenditure, which even the friends of this bill
admit will amount to a quarter of a million, but
which others,whose judgments should be respected,
estimate at millions ? Will you, at a time like this,
and under circumstances like these, undertake an
experiment of this kind? In my judgment there
can be but a single answer—but a single response
to these questions. This is not the time nor the
hour to undertake this work, even admitting that,
in the abstract, there would be a propriety in es-
tablishing a Mint, as proposed, in the city of New
York. The reasons which I thus present are, in
my judgement, conclusive on the question before
the House, and ought alone to dispose of this
biH.
But is there in truth any great necessity for it,
or any advantage to be derived from the establish-
ment of a Branch Mint in New York ? What is
the complaint ? Has the Mint in the city of Phil-
adelphia proved itself incompetent to coin the bul-
lion that may be transmitted to it for that purpose ?
Let gentlemen turn their attention for a moment
to the facts which existed during the last twelve
or sixteen months in regard to the influx of
bullion into this country; and what is the great
and paramount one which at once presents itself
to our attention? The large and unexpected influx
of gold bullion and gold dust was from the mines
of California. The Mint was not prepared to I
coin this vast quantity. Its capacities at that time i
were not adapted to any influx of the sort. It was
a state of things altogether unexpected. But we
have the testimony of theDirectorof that Mint, that
they have now greatly increased its capabilities,
and at this time, if we are to believe his statement,
it is capable of coining all the bullion or gold dust
that can be transmitted to it. if this fact, then
be true,—and you will observe that it is a fact sta-
ted by the individual most conversant with the ca-
pabilities of the institution, by the individual who
ought to know, and who, we are bound to believe,
does know better than any other person in the
country, what the Mint can do—I say, if we rely
upon his official statement, we are bound to con-
clude that that Mint can at this time, and will
hereafter be able to execute all the duties which
it may be called upon to execute. If, then, the
Mint at Philadelphia can do that, why will you
go into the expense of. the erection of another in-
stitution in the city of New York? Does the state-
ment of the Secretary of the condition of the Treas-
ury warrant such an expenditure? Unquestiona-
bly not. Here, then, you have two facts: first,
that your Treasury is not in a condition to warrant
an expenditure of the kind; and, second, that the
data furnished by the Director of the Mint prove
that all the work can be done by the existing ar-
rangements of the Government.
tiut, again: all the difficulty which it is alleged
the existing Mint has encountered in regard to
tills coinage has confessedly arisen from the in-
flux of gold dust from California. Then, if you
erect a Mint in California, let me ask gentlemen,
what becomes of the pressure now existing at the
Mint in Philadelphia? If you go to California
and establish a Mint there, you at once prevent
the influx of gold dust on the Mint either at Phil-
adelphia or at New York. And, sir, if the exist-
ing Mint can really coin all the bullion- that may
be sent to it from foriegn countries, together with
the gold dust from California, how much more
will it be able to perform all the duties required of
it if you establish a Mint in California.
Then, sir, as a matter of economy, what do you
propose to gain by this bill ?" We have the state-
ment of one of the Representatives of the city of
Philadelphia, [Mr. Chandler,] who informs us
that highly respectable and responsible persons
are ready to contract for the transmission back
and forward of gold dust and bullion and coin to
and from Philadelphia, at the sum of $15,000 per
annum. This, then, would be all the pecuniary
saving which you would effect by the establish-
ment of a Mint in New York. Conceding, then,
that your Treasury was abundantly able to bear
1 it; conceding that the Mint at Philadelphia was
unable to perform all the work; conceding each of
these, ana all the saving that you would effect by
the establishment of the proposed Mint would be
$15,000 annually. With regard to this matter of
time involved in the transmission of the gold back-
wards and forwards, every person knows that in
these days of railroads and telegraphs, the time is
altogether too inconsiderable to be estimated in the «
settlement of a question like this, involving an out-
lay of the public money at a time when the Treas-
ury of the nation cannot support it.
I think, sir, that each of these reasons should
! of themselves separately be sufficient to condemn
the bill and to prevent its passage; and certainly,
all of thenf combined ought to have that effect.
But it has been said, and said with great propri-
ety and force, that within the last few years seven
millions of dollars of the public money have been
expended in the city of New York. And I ask
those representing other districts throughout this
broad Republic, to turn their attention to their own
districts, and ask themselves if any such expend-
iture has been made there. Equality lies at the
foundation, of justice; and if the entire Treasury
of this nation is to be gathered together and poured
into the hands of a few in the city of New York—
no matter how important she may be, or how great
a favorite she may justly be with the people of the
country—it will be a crying injustice with regard
to the rights of other sections of the Union. Look
at all the impediments in our western rivers and
harbors, at the Falls in the Ohio, and the obstruc-
tions in the Mississippi, impeding our commerce,
borne with a meekness, forbearance, and patience,
which has been carried too far to be deserving of
commendation—look, I say, at the neglect of all
these things, while you confine your expendi-
tures to this favored city, and which, yet like the
