1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
horse-leech, still cries "give." Unsatisfied with
seven millions of public expenditure, she asks
you, with a beggared Treasury, to come forward
iiow and pour millions more into her lap, not only
to provide for the location and erection of a suita-
ble building, but for an annual outlay of 8150,000
or §200,000.
Mr. PHCENIX (interposing) asked whether a
single dollar of the public money had been spent
in U>e city of New York, which had not been for
the public interest?
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman asks me if a
dollar has been spent in the (Jity of New York
which has not been spent for the public interest.
Sir, I retort upon the gentleman, and I ask him if
a dollar has been spent anywhere throughout this
broad Republic, which has not been spent on the
presumption that it was for the public interest?
Mr. PHCENIX here made a remark which was
inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. DISNEY. Aye, sir, I understand that ar-
gument, that these expenditures in the favored city
of New York were for the benefit of the general
commerce of the country—that, like the circulation
of the blood, if you affect one particle of it, it is
conveyed by the arteries throughout the entire sys-
tem. Sir, I maintain that it is equally true with
regard to any other portion of our Republic. Ben-
efit the commerce of the West, and you will benefit
the commerce of the entire Republic. Benefit the
trade and interests of the South, and you will
equally benefit the entire Republic. But is New
York the only spot throughout this land where
benefits such as these are to be conferred from
the Treasury of the nation ?
Sir, I said that I did not intend to occupy the
attention of the committee but a moment or two,
but I felt that the proposition was one of crying
injustice, and that the reasons against it were over-
whelming and unanswerable. I hope that the
committee will meet the proposition as it ought to ]
be met, and send it where many similar proposi-
tion have long since gone.
I will only add, in relation to a part of what has
fallen from the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Briggs,] and from the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. King,] that my attention has been
called to a passage in a letter from the Director of
the Mint at Philadelphia, which explains the diffi-
culty with regard to the uncoined silver bullion.
I will read the passage and then take my seat.
" Some explanation is due in regard to the uncoined bal-
ance of silver.
" The cause already adverted to, arising out of the time
which must elapse before deposits find their way into coin,
is of course applicable as a practical explanation of this
balance. Another is, that a very large proportion of silver
received by us comes mixed with the California gold, the
amount of such silver in the past year having exceeded
9230,000. Now although the Mint is charged with the total
of that amount, yet a certain portion of it is not extracted
from the gold, but permitted to remain in the coin as silver
alloy. The amouut used for this purpose during the past
year has exceeded $60,000.
" Another explanation of the uncoined balance of silver,
may be found in the fact, that silver is largely used as mate-
rial in the process of refining.
" Mixed gold bullion, before itgoes into the separating de
partment has to be combined with from two to three times
its mass of silver. These several explanations m regard to j
the silver balance, will, I trust, be deemed satisfactory." .
Mr. HOLMES said: If, Mr. Speaker, this
question could be divested of New York influence, j
and of the influence of all its dependencies, which
include almost all the States upon the Sound, of
which States New York may be looked upon as
the generalissimo; if it could be divested of local
interests and narrowed down to a mere question
of taxation, I do not believe that there would be a
single man upon this floor who would agree to the
double proposition of a Mint in California and a
Mint in New York.
The whole argument of gentlemen who have
advocated a Mint in New York, amounts to this:
that because a very large quantity of bullion comes
into that port, therefore a Mint should be there es-
tablished on the spot. The first reason assigned
is, that it is necessary to transport this bullion to
Philadelphia, at an expense to Government; and
second, that the loss of time incurred by such
transportation involves additional disadvantage.
With respect to the loss of time in getting any
quantity of bullion coined at Philadelphia, one day
is lost in going to, and one day in returning from,
Philadelphia to New York. And it is argued that
a loss to Government, or rather a direct expendi-
ture of at least $1,000,000 in construction of a
i Mint at Philadelphia, was incurred, which involves
! an expense every year of $100,000 to support it.
i! Now, sir, the Mint at Philadelphia is, or it is
i not, capacious enough for the coinage of all the
bullion transmitted to it. If it be capacious enough,
then the whole question resolves itself into one of
time and expense. I have shown that the loss of
time to New York is two days; and the annual ex-
pense, from the statements of gentlemen, $100,000.
Why, sir, supposing that (according to calcula-
tion) the whole amount of gold dust that comes
from New York and gets to the Philadelphia Mint
was retransported to New York, (though such is
; not the case, as a large proportion finds its way
[ into the Treasury of the country, and into other
parts of the Union,) it is estimated that the loss
j amounts to $150,000. But the whole expense of
' the Philadelphia Mint is but about $68,000 an-
nually every way.
The whole question then, comes back: Is it es-
sential to the coinage of the bullion of the country
that another capacious Mint should be established
in New York ? If it be established, it involves the
whole question of currency, that question that in-
volves every other,—into which the industry, the
commerce, the navigation, and the agriculture of
the country are throwing their influence, as into a
great artery that carries its stream into every part
of the system. I do not think, however, that any
representations have been made that can lead us to
infer the necessity for a Branch Mint at New
York—that there is any occasion to involve our-
selves in any further expenditure. But supposing
that the Mint at Philadelphia be not capacious
enough, rm we require a Mint at New York
, and another at California, to meet the emergency?
Where does this influx of gold come from? From
i the mines of California. Then, for what would
| you establish another Mint? To coin this influx
of gold from California ? Do you require a Mint
both atNew York and in Californiafor that purpose?
If you had a Mint in California, the Philadelphia
Mint would be relieved of its pressure, and the
necessity for a Mint in New York would be ob-
viated; for they would coin all the gold before
transporting it from California, and the $30,000,000
that come into New York would come in the shape
:! of gold eagles and half eagles, &c.
11 This is the basis upon which gentlemen argue
11 in favor of a Mint at New York; that the influx
11 of gold from California is the cause of incapaci-
!' tating the Mint at Philadelphia to perform all its
operations, to coin all the gold transmitted to it.
To coin all this gold by erecting a Mint in New
York, would involve a greater expense than the
! saving desired to be effected in the cost of the
| transportation of the gold to Philadelphia.
| But, sir, I view this case in the light that if a
l Mint be established in California, there will be no
I necessity for one in New York. The question
J then presents itself in these alternative positions to
1 this House: " Will you have a California Mint
or a New York Mint?
If California is preferable, establish it there; if
New York, establish it there. Establish it at that
place where it will conduce most to the interests of
the whole country. But do not aggrandize one
place—do not concentrate, consolidate all the means
of this country in a grand Empire State, for the
purpose of ruling not only the politics, but also
the administration of the wealth of the nation.
Let California have the Mint, if it will conduce
to the public benefit to have it placed there. Let
justice be done to every part of this Republic—to
the vast confines on the Pacific, as well as to the
! port of New York. Who is it that suffers from
the transportation of the gold dust? The poor
miner at San Francisco, and elsewhere, settled upon
the shores of the Pacific. If there was a Mint in
California, is it to be supposed that the Califor-
nians would send their money in gold dust, involv-
1 ing an expense of at least six per cent., which ex-
pense includes insurance, conveyance, and so on?
i Another object the Californians wouldxleaire to ac-
complish is, the attainment of a specific value to
their gold dust. In New York, it seems that at
a time when the gold dust was selling at $18 the
ounce, a man would walk up to a poor returned
• Californian, and offer him $18 for an ounce. He
would naturally ask him how he could afford to
give him $18 when the market price was but $16 ?
Forgetting that it all depended on the difference of
scales. If he got one and a half ounce for the
ounce, he could well afford to give $18. These
J scales require to be very delicate in measuring gold,
in assaying its value. Now, sir, this could not
last long, because rogues will eat one'another; it
will eventually find its own equilibrium.
But, sir, it is clear that a great loss in sustained
by the people of California; and you have estab-
lished a principle .that where there is a gold or sil-
ver mine, there you must have a Mint. At this
moment you support a Mint in Georgia which
costs the Government more than it ever produces;
and in the same manner there is a Mint in North
Carolina, which, according to a report made in
1840, had not paid the interest on the money ex-
pended on it by the Government. Well, sir, I am
willing to let these Mints remain; and why? Be-
cause it is important that the people at these mines
: should have facilities for at once converting their
metals into coins; but, at the same time, it is not
just or fair that the people of California should not
also be provided with the means of at once ascer-
taining the value of their gold dust, and be spared
the expense and risk of transporting it an immense
distance.
But, sir, there is another argument. I admit
that if a Mint at New York is essential to coinage,
it ought to be established at any and every price,
because I consider the diffusion of a coinage ne-
cessary; and its great virtue in destroying that vast
paper system which has overshadowed this coun-
try so long, is so inestimable, that I would expend
any money to attain that object.
If it be essential to build another Mint for this
extra influx of $25,000,000 of California gold—if
an outlay must be made for this purpose, let us
not have another great speculation in New York.
Let us not again spend a vast amount of money,
as we did about four years ago, for the purpose of
advancing the objects of speculators who came
here contracting for the building of warehouses,
whole ranks of warehouses. Let us have the Mint
erected where it will be most useful, and where it
can be most economically and substantially raised.
I Let it not be for the benefit ofa class, but for thegen-
eral good of all parts of the country. It is the people
of California who are suffering for the want of
a Mint in California. It is they who are incurring
a.loss by not having the means of properly assay-
ing and estimating the value of their gold before
they send it to the Atlantic ports. Money has
been expended in profusion for the city of New
I York. True it is that it has been professedly for
j the benefit of the country at large, but in the pro-
fession I fear the benefit has originated and re-
mained. I do not find that from the large expend-
itures that have been made in that city, that so
much benefit has accrued to the country at large.
Government money laid out in New York seems
to be swallowed by greedy speculators; and so far
from benefiting the general community, it may be
considered ordinarily to have but proved the ex-
tent to which the country would tolerate taxation
to benefit really the Empire State, though abstract-
edly the whole country.
Sir, I deny that it is exclusively for the benefit
of New York, and to the detriment of every other
portion of the country. I do not mean to take the
negative ground that it does no good to other
portions of the country, but mean to take the pos-
itive ground that it does them an injury. Sir,
what makes.New York so great? Her position
on the Sound and her capacious harbor have done
much; but what has chiefly built up New York
and made her the imperial city of an Empire State
is the nutriment she has derived from the General
Government. Look at the results of the tariff and
you will find that New York imports more than
any five cities in the Union. Charleston, in the
little State of South Carolina, and New Orleans,
both export more than New York, but they im-
port less. Now, why is this? One would sup-
pose that whence the money issued for the pur-
chase from foreign countries, there would be the
return of articles; but it is not so. Why does not
the merchant in Charleston or New Orleans im-
port directly from Europe? Why, the reason is,
that New York, from the expenditure of the Gov-
ernment money there, is enabled through her bank-
ing and moneyed facilities to give our mo-chants
credit of nine and twelve months, when the cap-
italist of the South is prevented from giving more
than from three to six months' credit.
And how is it that this.can be done? Millions
of dollars are concentrated in New York in the
hands of her merchants, and they unite in corpo-
