1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
the Mint in Philadelphia, and §23,450,5220 are
coined in double eagles out of the coinage of the
year of $27,756,445, and at a period, too, when the
silver coinage is rapidly leaving the country,
shipped to parts where it is more highly valued.
The Mint in Philadelphia has been bo exclu-
sively devoted to the coinage of double eagles the
past year, that not a single eagle has been coined
during the months of April, May, June, August,
September, October, November, and December,
nor was there a half eagle coined in January, Feb-
ruary, March, April, May, August, October,No-
vember, and December. The consequence is, that
half eagles are selling for one fourth per cent., quar-
ter eagles, one half per cent., and dollars one
per cent; silrer, three and a half to five per cent.
To show further the efforts that have been made
to exhibit to us the capacity of the Mint at Phila-
delphia, I will refer to the transactions of that es-
tablishment for the past four months, or nearly so,
* from the 1st day of September to the 23d of De-
cember.
During this period, there was coined. .$11,938,853
Of this large amount, there were in
double eagles 10,988,160
Leaving for all other descriptions  $950,693
which, in fact, is the only portion of it proper
for circulation. Now, sir, the consequence of de-
voting the whole force of the Mint to the coinage
of double eagles has been severely felt, the coinage
of silver having been neglected. On reference to the
report, there was coined in 1849 at Philadelphia,
in silver $922,950
While in 1850 there was but  409,600
Making a deficiency as compared with '49
of.  #513,950
There was deposited at the Mint the present
year, $635,321, leaving in the Mint uncoined,
$325,721, besides the amount there at the close of
Mr. Chairman, it may be well to look at the
cost to the country of this exclusive Mint.
The lowest expense of transportation and in-
surance paid on the largest sums is one quarter of
one per cent. The average time lost is twenty-five
days, nearly onehalf per cent., making three quar-
ters per cent, on $33,000,000, which is, $247,500
The interest on the loan to the Mint by
the United States, $5,000,000, at six
per cent    300,000
$547,500
Nearly$600,000 a year charge upon the coun-
try to sustain a location of the Mint that is un-
natural, expensive, and uncalled-for, and directly
inimical to the requirements of commerce. And to
convince you that the hazard is no idle declaration,
I will merely refer to the fact that one of our city
banks lost $10,000 in transitu between New York
and Philadelphia. My friend from Philadelphia,
yesterday told the House thpt the Mint in that
place, he presumed, cost nearly $2,000,000, and
that the expense attending it he thought was about
$180,000 annually; and that a Mint in New York
would cost a million and a half of dollars at least.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have ever been desirous
to give the House all the facts that could be ob-
tained in relation to this subject. I called at the
Treasury Department this morning, and this is
the cost of the Mint in Philadelphia:
Cost of lots of ground one hundred and fifty by
two hundred feet.  $31,667 00
Buildings  166,807 80
198,474 80
Machinery.    $58,000
Paid Rufus Tyler for perpetu-
al use of a patent for ma-
chinery  2,500
  60,500 00
$258,974 80 j
The gentleman from Pennsylvania also said, !
with a view to augment the capacity of his favor- :
ite Mint, that during the past year, ten millions
five hundred thousand pieces had been coined in
Philadelphia. I beg leave to relieve my friend by
adding to his statement, that nearly five millions of ,
these pieces, so boastingly set forth, have been
rolled out of the Mint's hopper in the shape of!
cent and half cent pieces, according to the amount
of work done, requiring no manipulation, and
with the facility of a common grinding mill.
On the subject of expense, 1 declare most em-
phatically, that the most eminent merchants and
importers of bullion in the city of New York,
Messrs. Howland & Aspinwall, and others, pay
regularly the quarter of one per cent, for the trans-
Sortation and insurance of their bullion to Phila-
elphia.
It will be remembered that this Mint was com-
menced in 1829, and finished in 1833, and is the
boast of Philadelphia. It is built on Chestnut, the
most fashionable street in that beautiful city, and
may be justly called the pride of her citizens.
Strangers are always invited to visit it. It is
adorned with a magnificent colonnade, and appears
to have exhausted the taste of some truly distin-
guished artist. Notwithstanding all this, the cost
of this magnificent edifice, including the grounds,
machinery, and patent-right, was $258,974 80.
There was also a statement that the cost of man-
aging the Mint was about $180,000. A simpla
reference to the appropriations for the Mint in
Philadelphia for 1852, will present—
Salary of officers   $21,000
"Wages of workmen  47,000
Contingent expenses  700
Cost of specimen of ore to be reserved. 300
Total annual amountrequired, only. .$69,000—
the estimate of millions mas no doubt intended to
alarm us.
The city of New York asks no building there for
ornament: and I assure gentlemen that $250,000
is all that will be required to erect this establish- :
ment and prepare it to enter upon the coinage of
the entire country, should it be necessary.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] appears
to regret the large expenditure of money in the
city of New York, and complains that the West
does not get her share of the public treasure; and
1 regret to think that his object has been to get up
a prejudice against her enterprising citizens. He
says $7,000,000 has been (I understood him to say
recently) spent in the city of New York by the
Government. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have passed
a large portion of my life in that abused city, and
I do not recollect but two expenditures of extraor-
dinary character. I allude to the dry-dock at
Brooklyn—that may have cost a million and a
quarter, probably the most useful structure for the
naval service in the world—and the custom-house
in New York, which probably cost about the
same amount of money, a building in which three
fourths of the commerce of the whole country is
transacted.
One hundred and twenty millions-of your im-
portations are entered there, and it is the recipient
of about thirty-five millions of your revenue.
Both of these structures may have cost $3,000,000,
and it is all I can recollect for the past twenty
years.
Mr. Chairman, it ill becomes our western friends
to attempt to prejudice or injure the city of New
York. Do they know who furnishes the money
to build their canals and railroads? Ask Ohio,
Michigan, Illinois, and Indiana, and other States
in this Union, and the reply will be, the city
ofNewYork. And the State of New York has not
a member on this floor who will not most cheerfully
vote to take every snag out of your rivers, and
provide liberally for the improvement of your
harbors.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will endeavor to show !
the amount of coinage that might probably be ef-
fected if a branch of the Mint were established in
New York.
The amount of California gold entered at the cub- i
tom-house and brought by passengers, to avoid the
expense of freight, commissions, insurance, and
other charges, has been estimated at. .$35,367,795
Foreign coin brought into the country
by travelers, enugrants, and others,
213,736 persons, at an average of
$50 is  10,686,800
Gold paid into the Treasury in 1849,
$25,655,812—estimated for 1850 at.. 35,200,000
Coin in the several Banks on the 1st
January, 1850.      $6,897,000
The Canadian trade is also productive of large
importations of British gold, to which may be
added the immense business of the northern and
eastern States. A large portion of the foreign gold
brought by immigrants is disposed of to brokers,
who reship it to Europe, to be drawn upon when
the rate of exchange will profitably enable them to
do so. Much of it is taken to the West, and paid
out for lands, which will account for the large
amount of foreign gold that is occasionally found
in circulation in the western country. The delay
and expense attending the coinage, precludes any
portion of it being sent to the Mint. It is well
known that the expense and time required to coin
apiece of one dollar, is as much, or nearly so, as to
coin a double eagle. It must be very evident, there-
fore, that if the Mint,"(luring the past year, had
been confined to the coinage of eagles, half and
quarter eagles, and dollars, as it was in 1849, and
with the usual supply of silver, it could not have
coined more than one third of the bullion sent to
Philadelphia.
The gold dust shipped from California in the year
1850 has been estimated at $55,000,000. Nearly
$36,000,000 of it has arrived at New York; the
remainder has no doubt found its way to Europe,
and for the very good reason, that we have not the
means of coining it in this country, and what we
do is attended with so much expense and delay
that we absolutely drive it into foreign Mints.
Mr. Chairman, with the increased facilities that
& Mint in the city of New York would give to
coinage, together with the immigration and amount
of commerce that centers there, it would not be un-
reasonable to put down the coinage at $50,000,000
for the present year.
For centuries the coin of Spain lias been the
circulating medium of the civilized world, until her
resources for continuing it have become nearly ex-
hausted. Ourcoin, if the mines of California con-
tinue to be productive, will probably take its place,
and the coin of the United States form a large por-
tion of the currency of other countries.
As I have before recited, the whole coinage of
1849 at Philadelphia was $7,948,332; and the coin-
age of double eagles alone in 1850 amounted to the
enormous sum of $23,450,220. If, Mr. Chair-
man, Congress, in its wisdom, and with a view to
make a proper circulation suited to the wants of
the country, direct that these double eagles should
be recoined into eagles, half eagles, quarter eagles,
and dollars, the customary coin of the country, it
would require three years of the most unremitting
labor for the Mint at Philadelphia to perform that
service.
Mr. Chairman, what would be said of the pro-
prietor of an extensive iron manufactory in New
York, if he should require .the ores of Pennsylva-
nia to be sent to New York, and there be assayed,
made into iron, and marked, and returned to the
owner of it in Pennsylvania, to be sold there?
Would not the absurdity of the transaction com-
pare well with the'requirement to send our bullion
to Philadelphia to undergo a similar process, and
then be returned to New York?
In my judgment, Mr. Chairman, it will require
the joint efforts of a Philadelphia and New York
Mint to coin, in proper denominations, the bul-
lion and foreign coin that will be sent to us. If
a branch of the Mint were established in the city
of New York, no loan of $5,000,000 would be
required 6n the part of the United States, and the
risk and expenses of transportation would be ob-
viated, which now amounts to a charge upon the
country of nearly $600,000 annually. I hope,
Mr. Chairman, this bill will be sustained by the
House.
Mr. CASEY said he would like to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from New York. He had
understood the gentleman to state that the interest,
at six per eent., on the deposit of Government mo-
ney at the Mint at Philadelphia, would amount to
$300,000; and in addition, that the transportation of
bullion from New York to Philadelphia involved a
delay of twenty-five days. The question he wished
to ask was, how the establishment of a Mint at
New York would obviate the difficulty, in view of
the feet that the preparatory separating, assay-
ing process requires at least ten days; that in addi-
tion, the coinage would consume some three or four
days? He wished to know how a Mint in New
York could make the process so much shorter.
Mr. PHOENIX replied, that the Mint in New
York would not require and would not receive any
deposit of money from the Government. It did not
want the money; Government could use it. Its cer-
tificates of deposits could be used, and would be
taken at the banks. The delay, a* regards actual
transference of the bullion, would therefor# be
