398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31,
immaterial, as the certificates would go into actual
circulation. The Mint receipts of Philadelphia
are not received in New York, except at a dis-
count.
Mr. CHANDLER said, the gentleman from
New York, who has just taken his seat, has re-
ferred to a statement that he understood me to
make, in reference to the original cost of the Mint
at Philadelphia. In relation to this I wish to ex-
plain, that I do not pretend to have any accurate
information, and that the statement was not made
to the House, but was simply uttered sotto voce in
reply to a side remark addressed to me by a gen-
tleman near me, more as a matter of joke than
otherwise.
Then again, in relation to the annual expenses
of the Mint, I stated that they amounted to
•$184,909 40. And this is the fact, as shown by
the returns of last year. I admit that the estimates
for that year amounted only to $70,000; notwith-
standing which, the expenses were such as I stated.
The estimate for the present year, only amounting
to $69,000 is not proof that the expenses of the
year will not be greater.
Again: in reference to what I said of the expen-
ditures of the War Department in New York, I
find I am correct; for I am informed that the
amount paid by the Department to defray the ope-
rations of the navy-yard last year in New York,
was $3,500,000, and upwards.
Mr. PHCENIX rejoined: These expenditures
were made for the whole country, not the city of
New York.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, I wish to say a few words on this sub-
ject, for the purpose of refuting some of the many
fallacies which have been advanced by gentlemen
who have advocated on this floor the establishment
of aMintinNew York. It has been said, and prob-
ably with some show of truth, that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] recommends
the continuance of the present order of things in
relation to this matter somewhat from feelings of
aelfishness. This may be the case to some extent;
and here I will say, that though this principle has
been condemned generally as a fault, after all, I
consider it, under many circumstances, a virtue.
It is that principle which induces a man to take
care of himself; the principle which induces a man
to be a patriot, a friend of his country; and is
the same principle which, to some extent, induces
this controversy.
Now, sir, while we may be charged with self-
ishness, our friends across the way are much
more justly liable to the charge, who wish to take
from us what they have not, and, to be Shak-
spearean, "leave us poor indeed." Myfriendfrom
New Jersey [Mr. King] talked about an expense
of $240,000 in the transportation of bullion from
New York to Philadelphia per annum. Well, sir,
now let us look at tnis matter. Transportation
of gold by the ton cannot exceed four or five dol-
lars- 
A Voice. We don't carry by the ton.
Mr. T. That is true; but carried by the one
hundred pounds or ounce, it amounts to tons; and
between New York and Philadelphia Itannotsee
why it should cost more than any other commod-
ity of great value, excepting, perhaps, for an extra
watchman or agent. If the Government carry the
bullion, insurance would not be necessary. Nor
can I conceive any reason for greatly increased
cost pver any other article of valuable merchan- ,
dise. ... . i
But this proposition and calculation is only
offered to show what transportation may be done
for, in contrast with the proposition of the gentle- j
man from New York, [Mr. Ph<enix,] that it
would cost $240,000 per annum, and it is not in- i
•isted on. We have a tangible proposition to con- j
rey bullion per year for $15,000. It is one which ;
is far below the estimates made by the gentlemen
who have spoken in favor of establishing this Mint ;
in New York. This proposition is made by one j
of the most respectable companies in the country, j
and I think, therefore, we should rely on the cal- j
culations of those gentlemen in regard to the cost
of transportation between New York and Phila- ;
delphia with allowance, when they propose this :
■um of $240,000. The gentleman from New York
"peaks of the cost of carrying gold between New
York and Philadelphia as nominal, and at the
last-mentioned sum per year. But when we have
the offer of responsible men in Philadelphia to
! carry this same gold for $15,000, I do not think
i there can be any ground for such an"estimate as the
gentleman makes.
A proposition has been made by one of my col-
leagues, to establish an Assay Office in New York.
The bullion is to be tested at that office, and cer-
tificates of assay are to be given, and will therefore
bepayable at the Tieasury at once; there will not be
a single hour lost by transportation; the Govern-
ment pays $15,000 a year for transportation, and
the party gets his certificate turned into gold at
any moment he wishes.
Now, sir, is there any necessity for anything
more than this? The gentlemen on the other side
do not seem to accept this proposition; they think
that if an Assay Office were established, the Mint
[ would be at an end. Suppose you establish a
i Mint in New York with the capacity of Philadel-
phia, and all the coinage is to be done there, as has
been asserted, what will be the advantage of it?
If a man is obliged to wait twenty-nine days to get
his gold coined, as has been said they will be
obliged to wait in Philadelphia, they will have to
wait twenty-nine days in New York; for it will
take just as long to coin it in New York as it will
in Philadelphia, if the capacity is no greater. If,
as we are convinced, tl^ere need not be ten days
delay, then he would be obliged to wait ten days
for his gold to be coined at New York. So the
argument can be understood if the Mint, has no
more capacity than the Philadelphia Mint, as great
delay will be occasioned in the coinage in New
York as in Philadelphia. The only difference in
i the delay between the Mint in Philadelphia and
New York, if a Mint should be established in the
latter place, will be the difference in the capacities
of the Mints—and it is not proposed to give the
Mint at New York a capacity equal to Philadel-
phia—hence the delay would be the same, or
greater. The only loss that can ensue if my col-
' league's amendment passes, is the time of passage
on the railroad between New York and Philadel-
phia. 1 he usual time on the railroad in going, is
four hours and a half, so that the total loss of time
• in tronsporting the gold there and back again, will
I be nine nours; but if you establish an Assay Office
I in New York, there would not be the loss of in-
( terest for a single minute.
Well, sir, the bill proposes to go to the expense
of erecting a Mint in New York at acost of $500,000.
i If we take what the cost of the Philadelphia Mint
, is estimated at, and then incur an expense' of
$150,(NX) or $160,000 annually for its support, all
| to save the expense of $15,000 for transportation
; and a delay of nine hours, I ask if'this House
is prepared to do this ? Why, it seems to me it
wili be the sheerest folly.
But my friend from New Jersey [Mr. King] says
there is no necessity for a Mint in California; that
all the gold in California can be sent to New York
cheaper to be coined than it can be coined in Cali-
fornia; but I cannot agree with him in this. Cali-
fornia, it seems to me, does need a Mint, and if she
is denied this advantage for the sake of establish-
ing a Mint in New York, California will suffer
great injustice. But the gentleman requires the
Californian to bring his gold, costly as ne suppo-
ses its transportation will be to carry gold any-
where, to New York to be coined.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, (interrupting.) Is
the gentleman saying that I was against the Mint
in California ?
j Mr. THOMPSON. I so understood his re-
marks.
Mr. KING. The gentleman then misunder-
stood me. I gave reasons in its favor.
Mr. THOMPSON, (resuming.) Very well;
what is the necessity then of a Mint in New York ?
The gold bullion will not be brought from California
to New York to be coined if there is a Mint in
California; and there will be no gold for coinage,
except such as may find its way there in the hands
of the emigrant; and as nothing but recoinage is
necessary—no parting process—it can be done, if
needed, anywhere in a very short time. It seems
to me that the question of cost of transportation
of gold dust, about which so much has been said,
will not exist if there be a California Mint. And
can it be said that the capacity of the Mint at
Philadelphia will not be equal to this kind of
coinage? It is equal to at least $96,000,000 as at
present improved. Let us take another view of the
.subject. How long will they be building a Mint
at New York?
Mr. PHCENIX. One year.
Mr. THOMPSON. It cannot be built in three
years. You cannot procure the lot, erect suitable
buildings, provide the proper machinery, and have
everything arranged for operation in one year, nor
in less than three years. But, what will it cost?
Why, sir, 1 saw the other day a paragraph sta-
ting that a lot on Wall street, twenty-five feet wide,
and something less than one hundred feet lon°-,'
sold for $90,000. If you erect a Mint in New
York, it must be placed in Wall street, the great
money mart of the city, or some other prominent
place, where it will afford the convenience of easy-
transportation. You must, therefore, put it in
some public place. If you take Wall street, then,
the great monetary mart in New York, as I have
said, a lot twenty-five feet wide will not do, nor
will less than one hundred feet in front answer, and
one hundred feet long, which will thus cost, at the
rate of the lot just mentioned, only about the sum
of $350,000 or $360,000 ! I will venture to say, *
there is no gentleman in New York who would
be willing to furnish a lot for a less sum 
Mr. PHCENIX. I will furnish one for $50,000.
Mr. THOMPSON. Well, sir, you may do so,
but is it such as would be a suitable place ? The
bill, sir, what does it provide as the money neces-
sary to purchase? Why, it fixes the price at
$225,000. Why, then, if it will cost only $50,000,
by the time you have made the selection, you will
find that it will cost $300,000. But another con-
sideration. It is conceded, I believe, if not, I have
no hestitation in asserting it to be true, that if you
establish a Mint in New York, you supersede the
necessity ,of a Mint in Philadelphia altogether.
There is no doubt about that. Will you put the
country to' this enormous expense, for the sake o f
saving this $15,000 for transportation ? The build-
ing itself, I presume, will not cost less than half a
million of dollars. .
Mr. PHCENIX. The Mint at Philadelphia
cost $260,000, and we can build one in New "i ork
for $y5t),000.
Mr. THOMPSON. Did the gentleman ever
build a Mint?
Mr. PHCENIX. No, but I have built houses.
Mr. THOMPSON. A house and a Mint are
very much alike, certainly! As I was saying
when the gentleman interrupted me, the cost of
transportation on bullion from New York to Phil-
adelphia would be $15,000 to $20,000. To build
Mint, and put it into operation, would require
the expenditure of at least '$1,500,000; and you
would lose the use of the property in Philadelphia,
machinery, and all its capacity, and all for the sake
of avoiding the cost of transportation, amounting
to $15,000 a year. If you establish a Mint at
San Francisco, as I think justice to the people of
California requires, there is no more use of build-
ing and carrying a Mint into operation in the city
of New York, than there is, to use a homely ex-
pression, of a third wheel to a cart.
My frifend from New York [Mr. Pinenix] has
spoken of the Mint at Philadelphia as being in-
debted. My colleague has answered that by snow-
ing that it is now enabled to ttoin $100,000,000 per
annum, and will never be behind depositors more
than ten days.
He talks about borrowing from the Treasury
to sustain it. Who ever heard of such a thing?
The gentleman knows that the Treasurer of the
Mint is the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States—that the money of the United States must
be deposited somewhere. He knows that every
dollar there is money of the United States, ready
to be drawn, when required by the Government.
Why, sir, it is kept there to be used when needed,
and it is transferred at the direction of the Gov-
ernment, when it pleases, and on the terms of cost
of transporting gold or gold and bullion. The late
Treasurer of the Mint told me that he had trans-
ferred gold coin in New Orleans, during the war
with Mexico, for one quarter of one per cent. I
do not know how it can cost one eighth per
cent, insurance alone between New York and
Philadelphia, where the distance is so short and
time so small, and three fourth of one per cent, in
transportation between these points, as has been
stated by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
King.] How can this be so, while between Phil-
adelphia and New Orleans it is one fourth per
cent.?
Mr. KING. Who insured it ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I do not know. I have
