1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
ihc very best authority for what I state, that this
was thv expense for transporting the money—as
£.kk1  uilu*riiy u any gentleman on this floor
cihhI des:re.
Mr. PHiKNIX. Will thegentleman say that
it was insured 1
Mr. THOMPSON. I do not know that it was.
I presume not. I learn the Government does not
|rana!iv, if ever, insure. If this committee shall
t.inif w an ailraw conclusion to us, although it
May destroy the Mint at Philadelphia, we shall
aniuteaee with good grace. 1 have no idea of ill
feeling on the subject, but would regret the result.
Tne Mint there   almost a revolutionary estab-
lishment.
Hut, air, my friend, in his argument, thought it
neveMary lo allude to the taxation of the Mint of
l'b:ljKlr!|>fiut. That gentleman should have known
that as soon as the Legislature ascertained that
Itte commissioner of Ptuladelphia county had
turn authority to assess and collect taxes on the
.(lint they iium<niiately passed a law prohibiting
it. The city of Philadelphia, 1 have heard also,
refused to receive the uuces so assessed.
Mr. KING. Does the gentleman deny that the
Mint was taxed ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I will state the facts in the
case.
Mr. KINO. You admit that there was a tax-
tuon ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I admit that there was a
taxation; but the catv and county of Philadelphia
relinquished its collection. Now we are not going
to talk about the taxation of property in New
York It has nothing to do with the argument—
it gives no strength to the question of the necessity
of a Mint. One charge, that of collecting a tax,
comes from a friend in New Jersey, [Mr. Kmc.,]
and the other charge, the cost of transportation,
comes from the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Pikcsix:] let me aak with respect, if there is any-
thing either that creates the necessity for the estab-
lishment of a Mint in New York and the aban-
donment of that in Philadelphia? „
Mr. KING. The gentleman will observe that
in the Senate bill establishing the Mint in New
York, there is a provision in it that taxes are not
to be laid upon the property in that city. I argued
from that fact that taxes were collected from the
Mint in the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. McCLtlRNAND. If I am not mistaken,
at the last session of Congress appropriations
were made to pay the taxes upon liie Mint in
Philadelphia. And if 1 recollect rightly, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means made
a speech upon the subject. 1 ask if it was not so?
Mr. THOMPSON referred the gentleman to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means for information.
Mr. BAYLY. With the permission of my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompsos,] I will
state the fai-ts about this case. An important fact
was suited at the last session, that ifie taxes on
the Mint at Philadelphia were remitted, and that
the Legislature of Pennsylvania passed a law au-
thorizing an exemption by deed, for it was done
in the form of a deed, of the Mint from all taxa-
tion forever. This exemption, I ion sure, was
un ler the authority of the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania, and that tt was a perpetual exemption.
Mr. McCLERNANU was understood to aak
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Batlt] if there
was not an appropriation made by Congress for
the purpose of paying the taxes on the Mint?
Mr. BAYL\ . Yes, sir; an amount of $10,000
was pat into the appropriation bill, and the legal
ground upon which I urged it was, that there being
a judgment already obtained against the Mint, it
was oar duty to make on appropriation, and then
it rested with the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania whether they would receive this amount
or not. They have refused to receive it, and this
$10,1)00 will g<> back into the surplus fund.
Mr. THOMPSON. This settles all this part
of the case I presume, but I do not see how this
item under any circumstances could add to the force
of ilie argument in favor of establishing a Mint at
New York. I do not suppose that our friends in
New York will undertake to tax that property
which they have no right to tax. The question
comes sim; !y to this: If you establish a -Mint at
New York, erect the necessary buildings, procure
the necessary machinery in order to its complete
working, the Mint at Philadelphia becomes a mere
sinecure, and it will be of no use. There will be no 1
longer need of an establishment, which has been
in use almost ever since the days of the Revolu-
tion. 1 am afraid that the project of my friend,
who sits near me, [Mr. Phiexix,] in which he
speaks of establishing a little Mint, would be a
very ingenious, as well as dangerous operation.
He would first get a hold but with a single finger,
and then the whole hand would follow. Give turn
this humble beginning, and 1 am not sure that,
but let hun have the favor of Congress—let the first
effort towards the establishment of a Mint be suc-
cessful, and soon you would have the Empire
State and Empire City carrying away the enure
establishment at Philadelphia upon its shoulders,
away to the great commercial metropolis of the
country.
Now, air, 1 object to all this. I ask this last
simple question: Do the necessities ei the coun-
try demand this expenditure at the present mo-
ment? By the time you have finished erecting
and building a Mint, the gold mines in California
may be as dry as the gulches from which the gold is
gatliered 111 midsummer, and there will be no more
gold there to work. And you may have u struc-
ture in New York iu addition to that in Philadel-
phia, rather as a monument of folly than of econ-
omy. One word more, and i will have finished.
We see that the Mint at Philadelphia is capable
of coming from $96,000,000 to f100,000,000 a year.
Test this statement by the result of experience.
If it docs not turn out so, why then resume tins
experiment again. You have appropriated $J6,OOU
to make these improvements,and 1 think you ought
to try th^kcperiment folly before you launch out
into this enormous expenditure, and to which there (l
will be no end, of erecting a Mint at New York. ! i
Mr. BAYLV. Mr. Chairman, 1 am sorry to
see that this question, which is one of public poli-
cy, has dwindled down to a mere scramble between
New York and Pennsylvania, as to which shall
have the public patronage connected with it. I
have no doubt, after what 1 have heard here, that
the members from those two States will vote with
exclusive reference to this question of public pa-
tronage, but I believe such will not be the case
with members from any other quarter of the
Union.
When this question was before the Committee
of Ways and Means, the majority of that Com-
mittee were opposed at this time to making any
appropriation for a Mint in New York. We were
influenced in coming to this conclusion chiefly by
the condition of the finances of the country, (gen-
tlemen will recollect that the last session of Con-
gress I took occasion to call the attention of the
House to the condition of our finances—they will
recollect that 1 then showed to the House, as I
might now very well show if I had time, that if
Congress went on appropriating money at the rate
they were then appropriating it, they would have
to resort to oneoftwo alternatives: they would have
to resort to direct taxation, to a tax upon tea and
coffee, or to depend upon loans to meet the demands
upon the Treasury. That was the condition of
things at the time to which I refer. But, sir, it is
an absolute certainty that this result will ensue, if
we may judge from what has already taken place
during this session at Congress.
I have little doubt that the French spoliation
bill will pass the present session, which will throw
fire millions upon us. We have already passed,
in this House, the cheap postage bill, for which
we shall depend upon the general Treasury for at
least a million of dollars more. We are constantly
increasing the amount of our appropriations. Any
effort at retrenchment seems to be totally unavail-
able; they meet with no favor in this House.
Such is the condition of our finances that unless
we vote against appropriations which the public
service does not imperatively call for, we shall be
compelled to live upon loans, or to levy duties upon
articles which are now imported duty free, because
you cannot raise more revenue by levying higher
duties upon articles that are heavily taxed at pres-
ents or we shall be obliged to increase the public
debt, which already amounts to upwards of
£80,000,000; and if the appropriations are made,
which I believe will be made during the present
Congress, it will be increased to upwards of
#90,000,000. Such being the case, I ask this
House if the Treasury is in a condition to admit
of any further drain? I ask this House whether
such is the pressing necessity for a Mint in New
York as under these circumstances will authorize
lis to pass this bill?
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the committee rise;
which motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the committee rise and report the bill to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. McCLERNAND movgd that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN said that neither of the mo-
tions could be acted on whilst there were amend-
ments pending.
The question was then taken on agreeing to Mr.
Van Dtkk's amendment to strike out the words
" New York," in the first section of the bill, and
insert "Jersey" instead thereof, so as to locate
the Mint in Jersey City.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, offered the following
amendment:
At the end of Reckon one, insert:
PwMed, That one fourth of the aggrrgat* amount of all
gold coinage shall be in (old dollars, one fourth In quarter
eagles, one fourth iu halt' eagle*, one eighth in eagles, and
one eighth in double eagles.
Mr. C. said, in drawing the money from the
Federal Treasury, there seems to be but one party;
but in the division of the money after it is drawn
out, there seem to be two. 1 offer this amend-
ment with a view of guarding, to some extent, the
rights of the people. The scoundrelism of the
Mint at Philadelphia, at this time, is very prover-
bial. [Roars of laughter.] By the report for the
last year, we find that they have issued during that
time $33,900,000 in double eagles, but $2,600,000
in eagles, and the remainder—about $2,500,000—
in smaller coins. The object of this is very obvious.
They design to draw uway our gold coins from
circulation among the people. It is a plan of the
bankers, stock-jobbers, and speculators, to with-
draw the gold coin from circulation, that it may
not compete with their shin-plasters—[laughter]—
with their system of plunder, in other words.
[Laughter.] Hence, I hope that this amendment
will be adopted. It will, to some extent at least—
if this bill of plunder must pass at all—provide a
coinage for the people, instead of to suit the pur-
poses of bankers. The double eagles are not in-
tended for the people at all, but for the benefit of
certain classes. 1 believe I have nothing more to
say upon this subject.
Mr. THURMAN here -made some remarks,
which were entirely inaudible at the Reporter's
desk.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cablk'i
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES offered the following amend-
ment:
Be it further enacted, That a branch of the Mint of the
United States be established at Charleston, South Carolina,
and that the same class of officers, provided by this bill for
the branch st New York, be appointed for the branch at
Charleston; and that the sum of one hundred thousand
dollars be appropriated for the purchase of a site.
Mr. H. desired to say, in all candor, that if a
Mint was established in California (and he thought
that a Mint was necessary there) he did not think
that a Mint would be necessary at Charleston or
New York. But if a Mint was established at
New York, it was necessary for Charleston to
have one also. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY said: I avail myself of the oppor-
tunity of speaking to this amendment, to say that
the Committee of Ways and Means have agreed
to a proposition—which 1 have no doubt will
meet with the approbation of the House—that will
dispense with the necessity of Branch Mints any-
where. We have agreed to authorize, at the As-
sayer's Office, bars and ingots of gold from #50 up
to 01,000. In that shape, as was shown by the
gentleman from New Jersey, it is much more con-
venient for commercial purposes than coins. It
can be transported from one place to another
cheaper than coin. It can be computed faster.
In most of the banks it will be taken as the basis
of their issue, and the result will be, that the coins
which the banks now hold will be thrown into
general circulation.
That proposition has been agreed upon almost
unanimously by our committee; and if we should
succeed in getting it through Congress, a very in-
considerable portion of the gold which will come
from California will be put into coins.
