400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what was the
pending question ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr
Holmes,] to establish a Branch Mint at Charles-
ton.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired if it was
in time to raise a question of order on that amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN said that he was ready to
entertain a question of order when it should be
made.
Mr. JONES raised the question of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not in order. Any amendment subordinate
to the purpose of the bill, in regulating its details,
would, in the opinion of the Chair, be in order;
but a proposition to erect another distinct and ad-
ditional Mint, was not in order as an amendment
to this bill.
Mr. HOLMES appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. BURT obtained the froor, and was proceed-
ing to address the Chair; when
The CHAIRMAN, interrupting him, said that
the appeal was not debatable.
Mr. BURT said, that he did not rise to debate
the appeal. He rose simply for information. He
should be glad to hear from the Chair what was
the distinction between this amendment and the
one offered by the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Van Dyke,] which had been entertained by
the Chair and acted upon by the committee?
[LaughterJ
The CHAIRMAN here called the honorable
gentleman to order.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained by the
committee.
Mr. MORRIS moved that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS moved to strike out the words
"$225,000" in the eighth and nintfilines of the first
section of the bill, and to insert "$226,000" in lieu
thereof.
Mr. B. said: My object in moving this •pro forma.
amendment is, in the five minutes allowed me
under the rule, to show the necessity of a Mint in
the great mart of commerce—the city of New York.
Mr. STRONG rose to a question of order. He
submitted that under the rules, the gentleman from
New York was confined to showing the propriety
of adding "|1,000" to the appropriation provided
for in the bill, and that he haw no right to go into
a discussion of the general question involved in the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN said that the Chair could
not entertain a question of order on the remarks
of a member of the committee, until those remarks
were made. [Great laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS said that he would withdraw
his amendment, for the purpose of submitting an-
other, which would give him a wider range of de-
bate.
Several Members objected to the withdrawal of
the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Brooks '« amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS then said: For the purpose of
obviating the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I move to strike out the
words " a branch of the" in the third line of the
first section of the bill, so that it will provide that
" a Mint" of the United States shall be established
in the city of New York.
I was about to remark, when I was interrupted,
that we demand a Mint at New York, only be-
cause this Government undertakes to regulate the
coinage which comes through the city of New
York? If you will make our gold dust receivable
i j payments of debt; if you will make our bullion
Ieo-al tender; if you will make gold a marketable
article, a legal tender, it may not be necessary to
have a Mint in the city of New York. But the
Constitution of this country and the Government
undertake to say, that only the coinage of this
Government—that on which its eagle is stamped
—shall be legal tender in payment of debts. It
is the duty of the Government if it exercises this
power over private property, to exercise it in the
p'ace most convenient to commerce and most ad-
vantageous to the people. It has no right to take
our property that comes to New York, and make i
us transport it to the Mint at Philadelphia, impos-
ing upon us the expense of freight and insurance,
anil the risk and danger of transporting it there and
back again to New York. If you exercise this
power, you should provide the means of coinage
in the great mart of commerce. When the Gov-
ernment exercises its power of sovereignty in the
Mint, it should exercise it in the most convenient
place, and at the point which will conduce to the
greatest good of the greatest number of the people.
That point is the city of New York. It is jiot for
our own benefit alone, but it is for the benefit of
the great masses of the people is this country, who
do business there, that we demand the establish-
ment of this Mint at New York.
The arguments of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Chandler,] if they go to show any-
thing, show that instead of transferring the gold
dust and bullion from New York to Philadelphia,
the bricks and mortar and machinery of the Mint
at Philadelphia ought to be transferred to New
York. Are we for centuries to come to trans-
port millions of gold from New York to Philadel-
phia, and bear all the expense of its transportation,
when by transferring the machinery of the Mint
to New York, the convenience of the greatest
number would be promoted, and all this ex-
pense and risk avoided? If the gentleman's argu-
ments show anything, they show that. Bui we
do not ask that. We ask you, if you exercise the
right of sovereignty for the purpose of coinage,
to exercise it in the manner that will be least incon-
venient and least expensive to the people of this
country; and it is on that account that we ask for
the establishment of a Branch Mint al^ew York.
Let us alone and we will let you alone. Touch
not our gold; receive our gold bullion and our gold
dust in payment of debts; make them legal tender,
and we ask none of your Mints or extravagant
buildings in New York. Now, my colleague [Mr.
Phoenix] says that he will build a Mint there for a
quarter of a million of dollars. He is able to do
what he says, and he means to do it, if he has the
contract imposed on him. It is no idle and una-
vailable offer. Weask no splendid colonnades,no
lofty, colossal building for the muses to dwell in—
for poetry and painting. We want a mere manu-
facturing machine-shop, built of the plainest mate-
rials, and planted where the gold comes from the
hands of the laborious miners.
Here the Chairman's hammer fell.
Mr. VENABLE said: In regard to the argument
of the gentleman from New York, if it means 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from North Carolina, that it is only
in order for him to speak against the amendment.
Mr. YEN ABLE. It is against the amendment
that I am about to speak. If the argument of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] is worth
anything at all—if it will prove anything, it will
prove that the gold dust and coinage that are con-
veyed by steamers,&c., to the various ports of the
United States, belong where they are landed, be-
long to the city or place where they may happen
to be brought.' In nis argument he appears to as-
sume that all the gold dust that arrives at New
York belongs to that city; but, sir, the facts will
not sustain him in such an assumption.
In my opinion, and I should suppose in the
opinion of every perfectly impartial and disinter-
ested man, the gold dust landed at that city be-
longs to the individuals, the passengers by whom
it is owned, or to whom it may be assigned at
Chagres. The gold that arrives m that city may,
and doubtless does belong to people scattered in
every portion of the United States, and embraces
a large number of owners in every State in the
Union.
When the gentleman from New York assumes
that all the gold that comes to New York belongs
to that city, he assumes what is applicable to a
variety of things, an application which, I have no
doubt, he would consider manifestly absurd. He
might as well assume that all the mails that run
through Washington belong to Washington; or
that all the letters and newspapers going through
Baltimore by mail belong to that city on that ac-
count.
If the gentleman's argument proves anything,
it proves, as I have said, that whatever gold dust,
or indeed property of any description, may land
upon our coast, belongs to the particular place
where it is so landed, and must be treated as the
property of that place.
Mr. Jefferson said a great many wise things
and among some of his expressions there were
some that were not wise. But one thing at least
that he did say was wise, and that was, that great
cities were great ulcers: that they were great evils.
Sir, I believe we shall live to see the day, when
some twenty or thirty members of Congress from
some great Gotham shall come here like a trained
band, and hold the balance of power to the detri-
ment of our rural interests. We shall live to see
the day, when perhaps New York will claim every-
thing, every vessel, and all property that come to
her port (no matter to whom they belong) as be-
longing to her. Sir, I hold the fact, that gold dust
happens to arrives at New York, only evidence
that it is the most convenient place to land it. It
is only evidence that the owner's convenience is
best suited by landing it there.
Sir, I hold it to be a fallacy to assume that all
the bullion that arrives in New York belongs
to that city—that it is for its benefit exclusively,
and not for the benefit of the various cities of the
Union. Such an argument as has been used by
the gentleman from New York would equally well
apply to every point where an individual may re-
side to whom gold may happen to be assigned.
In regard to the matter of the transportation of
gold dust to Philadelphia from New York, I do not
think there is any difficulty at all. The burden of
this will simply be that of getting it forwarded by
railroad. It is a matter—a difficulty of very small
amount indeed.
Mr. Chairman, I simply rose to refute what I
considered to be the fallacious arguments adduced
by the gentleman from New York, for such I hold
to be the assumption that because gold dust is
landed at New York it belongs to that city.
Here the Chairman's hammer fell.
Mr. MORSE offered an amendment to strike
out entirely the words "Mint at Philadelphia,"
where they occur in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. ORRiaoved that the committee rise; which
motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported, that the Committee of the Whole had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the special order, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. CHANDLER asked that his amendment
might be printed for the use of members.
Mr. CONGER objected.
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS, the House ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of A. K. Brush, William
Blanchard, Isaac B. BuckHn, and other citizens of Winne-
bago county, Wisconsin, praying the repeal of the fugitive
slave law immediately.
By Mr. BRISBIN : The petition of Levi L. Tate and 160
others, citizens of the counties of Columbia, Montour, and
Lycoming, in the State of Pennsylvania, praying the estab-
lishment of anew mail route from Bloomsburg, in Columbia
county, to Muncy.in Lycoming county.
By Mr. CALVIN: The petition of Michael Beiry and 47
others, citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, asking for a
modification of the tariff of 1846.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial of certain citizens of
Cincinnati, asking Congress to aid in the construction of the
great railroad passing through that city from St. Louis to
Baltimore.
Also, three memorials from certain citizens ofCincinnati,
asking for a removal of the impediments to a free navigntion
around the Falls of the Ohio.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois: The petition of H. V.
Feeny and others, clerks in tbe post omce at Wheeling,
Virginia, asking for increase4compensation for services.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 31, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from R. H. Weightman,
(Senator elect from New Mexico,) in relation to
the enactment of a law declaring New Mexico one
of the United States upon certain conditions.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was ordered
that it be referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial of in-
ventors and other citizens of New York, asking
that the hill now before Congress for the amend-
