THE
GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES,—'TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1851.
New Series....No. 26.
raent of the patent laws may become a law; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PHELPS. I present a petition signed by
some hundreds of legal voters in the State of Ver-
mont, in which is set forth the deplorable evils of
war, and urging upon Congress the adoption of
some remedy to prevent them, in which they sug-
gest to us the propriety of passing a joint resolu-
tion requesting the President to propose to all na-
tions the establishment of a board for the settle-
ment of all international disputes; which I ask
may be referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. UPHAM. I present a memorial, very nu-
merously signed by citizens of Ontonagon, Mich-
igan , asking the sale of the reservation of land at
the mouth of the Ontonagon river and the right of
preemption to settlers thereon. The memorial sets
forth that the reservation is of no practical use for
Government purposes; that a few persons settled
on it after the land was surveyed, whose claims
are generally acknowledged and respected among
the citizens. I ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition from John
R. Pritchard, asking to have his pension increased;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WINTHROP presented a memorial from
the president and directors of the Boston and
Lowell Railroad Company, and a memorial of
wharf proprietors and others in the city of Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts, asking that Cambridge
may be made a port within the collection district of
Boston and Charlestown. in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE. I have received and been re-
quested to present four memorials, very numer-
ously signed, and by some of the most respectable
citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, representing the Lou-
isville and Portland canal as insufficient for the
accommodation of the increased growth and
wants of Western commerce, complaining also
of the heavy tolls as a burden, and asking relief.
The petitioners do not indicate any particular
mode of improvement, but they think that the aid
of the Government, which has been so liberally
extended to the commerce of the East, should be
extended in some degree to the commerce of the
West. They represent that hitherto the Govern-
ment, which has been so liberal to the commerce
east of the mountains, has dealt out its protection
with a niggard hand—I may add, with a usurious
hand—to the commerce west of the mountains;
for every dollar invested heretofore ill the Louis-
ville ana Portland canal, this Government has re-
ceived dollar for dollar back again. I believe the
Government holds a large amount of stock in that
canal which is now valued at thrice the amount of
its original contribution. I ask that these memo-
rials may be referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and I hope the committee will give
them an early and attentive consideration.
They were so referred.
Mr. NORMS presented the petition of Herrick
Aiken, asking an extension of his patent for a saw
set; which was referred to the Committee of Patents
and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was ordered that
the petition ana papers of George A. Diggs, on
the hies of the Senate, be removed therefrom, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was or-
dered that Robert Grignon have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Sallie
T. Floyd, widow of Lieutenant Colonel R. Floyd,
who resigned in consequence of disease contracted
in service, asking a pension, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill granting a pension to Sallie T. Floyd, widow
of George R. C. Floyd, late a lieutenant colonel
in the Army of the United States, which wag read
and ordered to a second reading.
36
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill No. 164, being
an act for the relief of Warren Raymond, re-
ported back the same without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do noi pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 166, being an act for the
relief of George S. Claflih, reported back the same
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do not pass
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 159, being an act for the .
relief of John M. Rosbury, reported back the ;
same without amendment, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was j
referred House bill No.167, being an act for tiie
relief of "William Sparks, reported back the same j
without amendment, with a recommendation that !
it do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 161, being an act for the
relief of Thomas R. Saunders, reported back the
same without amendment, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 150, being an act granting
a pension to Sarah A. Bush, reported back the
same without amendment, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. BADGER. 1 desire, per contra* to make
several reports from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. The Committee on Naral Affairs, to -which
was referred House bill No. 211, being an act for
the relief of Gustavus A. De Russy, late an acting
purser in the Navy, have instructed me to report
the same without amendment, with a recommen-
dation that it- do pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 260, being an act for the
relief of the securities of Robert S. Moore, de-
ceased, late a purser in the United States Navy,
have instructed me to report back the same with-
out amendment, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post Of- j
fice'and Post Roads, to which was referred the me- j
morial of Joseph Snow, A. Banks, and their asso- j
ciates, asking the right of way and a .subscription '
of stock to the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Com- ,
pany, submitted a report which was ordered to be i
printed, accompanied by a bill granting the right
of way for, and to aid! in the construction of a ;
line of telegraph from the Mississippi river to the ;
Pacific ocean; which was read and ordered to a :
second reading.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions, '
to which was referred the documents relating to j
the claim of Mrs. Emilia Hooe, widow of Captain '
Alexander S. Hooe, submitted a report in writing, j
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by ;
a bill for the relief of Emilie Hooe; which was ]
read and passed to a second reading. |
THE CASE OF THE AMISTAD. J
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, offered yesterday by Mr.
Mason:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations ba
instructed to inquire nito the.propriety of providing by law,
pursuant to the recommendation of President Polk in his
message of 7th December, 1847, for the payment of the
claim there mentioned, as arising to certain Spanish claim-
ants in the il Amistad case,"
Mr. CHASE. This is, to be sure, a resolution
of inquiry, but it is directed to a subject which
has heretofore been before the Seriate, and has re-
ceived its action. The object of it is to inquire
into the expediency of paying certain Spanish
claimants the value of the negroes of the Amistad.
I desire that the facte connected with that transac-
tion shall briefly be made known to the Senate,
in order that we may know whether or not this is
one of the subjects which may be discussed, re-
ferred to, and acted upon, under the usage which
seems to be thought essential by some Senators to
the security of the country against agitation
In the year 1817, Spain concluded a treaty with
the British Government for the suppression of the
African slave trade. That suppression was to
take complete effect in the year 1820, and the King
of Spain issued an ordinance in conformity with
the treaty, prohibiting the continuance of the trade
after that date, and declaring that all negroes
brought into any portion of his dominions, espe-
cially referring to thecolonies,shouldimmediately
become free, in the year 1837, I think, a treaty to
provide for the more effectual execution of this
original treaty was entered into between Spain and
Great Britain, and another ordinance was issued
particularly admonishing the authorities of Cuba
to take care that the treaty should be executed and
its provisions enforced. Under this treaty every
negro imported into the Island of Cuba, or any
other Spanish possession, after 1820 was free at the
time of the importation, and entitled to beprotected
in his freedom. In the year 1839, somefew months
after the promulgation of this last ordinance, a
slave-trader imported into Cuba a cargo of slaves,
of which fifty-three were shipped on board the
Amistad from one port of Cuba to another. These
were recently-imported negroes, and under the
treaty were free. They had been kidnapped in
their own land and brought into the Island in con-
tempt of the laws of nations, and in manifest
contravention of the treaty. Their condition as
free persons was not changed in consequence of
this importation. They were absolutely free.
These persons, as 1 said before, were shipped on
board the Amistad for transportation from one port
to another within the island. In the course of this
transportation the negroes asserted the liberty to
which they were entitled by the laws of nature
and guarantied by the treaty, and took possession
of the vessel, and insisted on being returned to
Africa. Instead of that, the Spaniards who claimed
them as slaves, but who had now, in their turn,
become prisoners, directed the course of the vessel
into our own waters. The negroes were ultimately
landed in Connecticut. The Spaniards claimed
them as property, and this claim became the sub-
ject of judicial investigation. The District Court
of the united States held, in conformity with the
treaty, that the negroes were free, and had com-
mitted no offence against the laws of the Union.
An appeal was taken from that decision by the
National Government, interposing in behalf of
Spain, to the Supreme Court of the United States,
by which court the decision of the District Court
was affirmed, and the freedom of the Africans es-
tablished. Now, the ohiect of this inquiry is to
ascertain whether we will pay out of the National
Treasury for these persons, originally free, never
reduced to servitude, decided by the Supreme
Court to be free, and who were afterwards returned
to Africa by benevolent individuals, who took an
interest in their fate. I have deemed it my duty
to bring these facts to the notice of the Senate, it
is obvious, if this resolution is adopted and re-
ported upon, it will open a very wide field of dis-
cussion.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate and of the country to this
striking fact. There has never been, in the his-
tory of this Government, any action of this Gov-
ernment in behalf of slavery in its worst and most
offensive features—the slave trade in its most re-
volting character—so abhorrent to the moral sense
of a great portion of this country, as the proposi-
tion that is now before the Senate as a matter of
injury—not one.
I want to call the attention of the Senate to
another fact. There has been a great compromise
and a great settlement; everybody is in love with
everybody; there is no quarreling, no commotion,
no agitation; the agitators are dead and buried.
Now, what do we see on the strength of this glo-
rification over the peaceful consummation of our
difficulties? Whenever a petition is presented
coming from one of the proscribed, ifc is immedi-
ately put to sleep in the most narcotic system
known to the Senate. But when propositions
coming from another quarter, and of anotherchar-
acter—vastly* infinitely more offensive than any-
thing that, by any possibility, could be charged
