1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
When I agreed with him I voted with him, as I
did the other day upon the resolution relating to
the slave trade. It gives me pleasure to vote with
him and feel myself sustaineel by the weight of his i
ability and authority. But, though in comparison !
with that distinguished Senator, I am but a novice
in legislation, and make no pretension to informa-
tion or ability like his, it is frequently my misfor-
tune to differ from him. "When it happens to me
80 to differ, I know of nothing which should pre-
vent me from avowing and defending my own
opinions. I acknowledge no restrictions upon
freedom of debate except the obligations of candor !
and courtesy. If this be agitation I am an agita-
tor. '
The Senator from Wisconsin has stated cor-
rectly some of the reasons why this resolution
should not be adopted. I have stated other reasons.
I have shown by reference to treaties that there
is no foundation for this claim. A former Con-
gress, acting upon the recommendation of Presi-
dent Polk, inquired into its merits and it was re-
jected. Why, then, bring it forward again ? What
object is to be accomplished by it? I can see none.
Is there any likelihood that, upon the fact I have
now made known, Congress can come to a differ-
ent conclusion? If not, why consume time by its
consideration? I will detain the Senate no further
except to ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered on this ques-
tion.
The question was then taken, with the follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Chase, Hale, Hamlin, Upham,
and Walker—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Clay, Clemens, Dans of
Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Foote, Gtrin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason,
Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Rhett, Rusk,
Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Under-
wood, Whitcomb, Winthrop, and Yulee—43.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio ask for the yeas and nays on the adoption of
the resolution?
Mr. CHASE. No, sir, I withdraw the call.
Mr. WINTHROP. I desire to say a single
word in regard to this resolution, that my vote
may not be misinterpreted. I believe I have voted
*et less than half a dozen times upon questions
arising out of the Amistad case during the period
of my Congressional experience, and, unless my
memory serves me wrong at this moment, I have
uniformly recorded my vote against the allowance
proposed. But I confess I have not been able to
see the principle upon which a simple resolution
of inquiry, as to the propriety of allowing any
claim, should be refused a reference to a commit-
tee. It has been the uniform doctrine of those
gentlemen who have opposed the passage of this
resolution, that petitions, if they were presented
here for the allowance of any claim or for the
adoption of any measure, should receive an exam-
ination—should be heard, considered, and reported
upon—and that, even on subjects which have been
acted on again and again, either favorably or ad-
versely.
This resolution is of the nature of a petition that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs may inquire
into the propriety of making some allowance to
Spanish subjects who were supposed to have
claims arising out of the Amistad case. And it is
the more important that it should receive a respect-
ful notice by the Senate, from the fact that it has
been a subject of frequent negotiation with a for- ;
eign Power. i
For myself, I am quite willing that that com-
mittee should make the inquiry, and if I am here
when the report is made, I shall endeavor once
more to give to the subject a careful and dispas- :
sionate consideration. But I can see no principle
of policy or justice upon which this resolution of
simple inquiry should be rejected by the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
CORRESPONDENCE IN THE AMISTAD CASE.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if in his opinion it
be compatible with the public interest, all correspondence
which has taken place between the Government of Spain
and the Government of tb« United States, touching the
i claim of the owners of the Amistad for compensation on
j account of the liberation of the negroes on board said ves-
i sel.
I The resolution was laid over under the rule.
! MAIL ROUTES IN ARKANSAS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,]
was taken up for consideration and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety «f es-
tablishing the following mail routes :
1st. From Camden, via Woodlawn, Leake's Store, and
Firz's Store, to Lewisville, Arkansas.
2d. From Camden to Clinton, Arkansas.
3d. From Pine Bluff, via White Oak Bluff, on Saline
river, to Chambersville, via Calhoun county, Arkansas.
POST ROUTE IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route from Eureka to the Klamath Dig-
gings, via Trinidad City and Klamath City.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pay
to the States of Iowa and Missouri the expense of
running the boundary line; which was read a
first and second time by its title and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate
the survey and sales of the islands belonging to
the United States; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTY LAND WAR-
RANTS.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of notice, asked
aad obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the satisfaction of Virginia military bounty
lands; which was read.
Mr. MASON. I ask that that bill maybe read
-a second time, and referred to a select committee
to be appointed by the President.
The bill was read a second time, and the ques-
tion recurred upon its reference.
Mr. BADGER. Why should it be referred to
a select committee?
Mr. MASON. The reason is, that it is a sub-
ject that has been much controverted in the Sen-
ate; the general principle has been passed upon by
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and my
desire is that a report should accompany it by one
friendly to the measure, with a view of exhibiting
the facts upon which it rests. That is the reason
why I make the motion for a select committee.
Mr. HALE. I move its reference to the prop-
er standing committee, the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, which I believe has priority over
a motion to refer to a select committee.
The motion was agreed to.
SWORDS TO OFFICERS OF MEXICAN WAR.
Mr ..TURNEY, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
supplementary to the joint resolution offered
March 9th, 1848, entitled " A joint resolution ex-
pressive of the thanks of Congress to Major Gen-
eral Winfield Scott and the troops under his com-
mand," and also to the joint resolution entitled
" A joint resolution of thanks to Major General
Taylor," and asked that it have its second reading
now, with a view to reference.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, 4'c., That the said resolution be so amended as
to request the President of the United States to cause swords,
with suitable devices, to be presented to the several Major
Generals and Brigadier Generals of the United States who
served in the various battles enumerated in said resolutions,
in testimony of the high sense entertained by Congress of
their gallantry and good conduct in said engagements, in
the same manner as was provided by a joint resolution ap-
proved March 2d, 1847, giving swords to the officers of like
grades who served under General Taylor at the stormin^cf
Monterey.
Resolved, That the joint resolution approved May 9th,
1848, entitled " A joint resolution of thanks to Major Gen-
eral Taylor," be so amended as to request the President of
the United States in a similar way to cause swords, with
suitable devices, to be presented, one to each of the Major
Generals and Brigadier Generals of the United States who
served in the battles of Buena Vista the 22d and 93d days
of February, 1847, under the command of Major General
Taylor, in testimony of the high sense entertained by Con-
gress of their gallantry and good conduct in that memorable
engagement
!' Mr. TURNEY. I now move its reference to
the Committee on Military"Affairs.
i The resolution was accordingly bo referred.
!' NOTICE OF A BILL;
, Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act reg-
ulating the importation and warehousing of foreign
merchandise, and for other purposes.
GRADUATION OF DIPLOMATIC SALARIES,
j Mr. FOOTE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to the Senate any information which he may
11 possess touching the expediency of adopting a graduated
scale of diplomatic salaries, based upon the combined con-
siderations of the importance of the mission and the ex-
pense of residence.
The resolution wa's agreed to.
i DEAD LETTERS IN CALIFORNIA.
t The joint resolution concerning dead letters in
the post offices in California and in the Territory
of Oregon, and for other purposes, was read a
third time and passed.
!i ORDER OF BUSINESS.
' The PRESIDENT. There has been a resolu-
tion passed to take up the private calendar after
one o'clock on Fridays.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will consent to
proceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday. It is a matter of great import-
ance, and the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soule]
is entitled to the floor. I should like at least that
that Senator should have an opportunity to be
heard to-day.
I remove to postpone the special orders making
this the day for the consideration of the private
bills, with a view to proceed with the unfinished
business.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose we may take it up
bygeneral consent.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that the resolution is under the con-
trol of the Senate, and that they may postpone
the prior orders if they desire to do it.
Mr. HUNTER. I move, then, to postpone
the prior orders,
Mr. BADGER. I wish to suggest a word to
the consideration of the Senator from Virginia,
not to interfere with his motion, but it would be
extremely satisfactory to the Committee on Naval
Affairs if the Senate would go into executive
session for about three minutes. It is not at all
material, Mr. President, whether the executive
session takes place now or at the close of the ses-
sion. The difficulty is, that if it does not take
place now it will not take place at all, as some
motion will be made to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt we will con-
sent to go into executive session at the close of
the usual session.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the
State of California; the question pending being
I upon the amendment offered by Mr. Soule, and
! accepted by Mr. Benton in lieu of one which he
had offered:
" Provided, That possession in good faith, within deter-
mined metes and boundaries, during twenty years, shall be
deemed prima facie evidence of a complete grant, even
against the Government."
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, the apprehensions
; manifested with regard to th.; amendment which I
had the honor of placing upon your table are ut-
terly groundless. I rise to submit to the consid-
j1 eration of the Senate what little I have to say in
II answer to the arguments urged from the other
side of the house against the policy of incorpo-
rating that amendment in the bill under debate.
The principle it embodies is opposed on different
grounds. It is represented, first, as introducing a
new and dangerous element into the legislation of
the country, calculated to throw it into confusion
and to produce incalculable mischief. It is next
assailed on the presumption that it extends a rem-
edy where unjust and extravagant pretension under
alleged grants, covering a vast extent of country,
could not without it have met with favor or even
with anything like a serious consideration ;anditis,
thirdly, resisted under pretence that while hseeka
to favor the ancient settlers, its workings might
injure the rights and prospects of th$ new one?,
