404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
Jan. 31,
. Such are the objectkm^which it is incumbent on me
to remove, if T wish to secure the least chance to
the passage of the amendment." I fear much, Mr.
President, from the intimations exhibited by the
Senate during the progress of the discussion, that
T have assumed a difficult if not a desperate task.
I mean,however,tohazardmyselfinit; but,before
I proceed, I desire that the amendment be read
again by the Secretary:
The Secretary read it as follows:
'• Provided, That possession in good faitl), within deter-
mined metes and boundaries, during twenty years, shall be
deemed prima fccie evidence of a complete grant,even
against the Government."
My object in moving that amendment, Mr.
President, is obvious. I had intended to fix a
iimit to the inquisitorial investigation to be held
under the provisions of the bill, where a posses-
sion of the bill, in the spirit of ownership, of
course, animo domini, could be shown to have
existed, at a time not suspicious, extending be-
yond so long a period as twenty years. It was
an assertion of that great truth, proclaimed
throughout the whole body of the civil law, and
indeed acknowledged and sanctioned by the com-
mon law, that " possession is a promulgation
to the world of the right of ownership;" as if,
in the language of Diocletian, " ownership could
not be separated from possession." Etsi proprietas
a possessione separari non possit, (L. 8, c. de acq. pos-
sessione.) If we will but cast a glance at the con-
dition of California in this respect, and consult her
history from the time of her earliest settlement,
we well not fail in discovering what Mr, Jones, in
his report to the Secretary of the Interior, so justly
remarks and so forcibly illustrates, that—
" Although, in strictness of law, grants should have been
made by exact measurements, with written titles and arecord
of them kept, yet in the ruds and uncultivated state of the
country that then existed, the lands possessing so little value,
these formalities were to a great extent disregarded; and, if
not altogether disregarded, the evidence of their observ-
ance in many eases wa3 lost. It is certain that the measure-
ment, even of the grants of village lots, were very inexact and
imperfect; and of larger tracts, such as were granted to
the principal men, no measurement at all attempted, and
even the quantity not always expressed, the sole description
often being by a name descriptive in fact, or by repute of
the place granted. The law of custom, with the acquies-
cence ofthe highest authorities, overcame, in these respects,
the written law. Written permits and grants, no doubt,
were usually given, butin other eases the titles rested Origin-
ally on verbal permits. It was very customary in the Span-
ish colonies for the principal neighborhood authorities to
give permission to occupy and cultivate lands, with the un-
derstanding that the party interested would afterwards, at a
convenient occasion, obtain his grant from the superior
functionary. Under these circumstances, the grant was
seldom refused, but the application for it was often ne-
glected. All these titles, whatever their original character,
have been respected during the twenty-six or twenty-seven
years of Mexican or local Government; and, whether evi-
denced now or ever by any written title, they constitute as
meritorious and just claims as property is held by in any
part of the world."
The honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] stated on yesterday that lands in Califor-
nia had been exempted from the regulations which,
under the laws of the Indies, applied to the Spanish
colonies. I have ascertained that the honorable
Senator's meaning was correct, although upon
hearing him 1 may not have thought his language
strictly so. As far as the organization of the mis-
sion, or of the system through which the spiritual
conquest of the people inhabiting that region was
to be effected, and as far as its colonization bj
empressarios went, there is no doubt but California
was under regulations sui generis, peculiar to her-
self; but in all other respects the principle and
rule prevailing through the laws of the Indies were
equally applicable to California as to the other
Farts of the Spanish possessions on this continent.
had occasion, the other day, to refer to the liber-
ality with which that law treated the actual settler.
The great object of the Government of Spain was
to encourage and promote, by all possible means,
the settlement and population of her vast colonies;
and, ta effect this, she was not sparing in the in-
ducements which she held out to such adventurers
as might be induced to seek a home, and perhaps
to prosecute dreams of hyperbolic fortune, in
these distant and mysterious regions. Where she
could organize a regular system of government,
her policy was discreet and forbearing in the re-
quirements which is exacted from the colonists;
where the population was sparse, and such as not
to justify an intendancy, or a governorship, she
would institute commandancias (commandencies)
or create alcaldes, and with them would rest all
the while, not precisely the power to grantj to
give away, or in any manner to dispose of the
public domain, but to mark out, to designate the
spot upon which the new comer was to settle.
1 he grants made to soldiers who had completed
their time of service was generally of the latter
kind. It was sometimes made by the officer of
the presidio within whose jurisdiction lie had
served, and consisted of three hundred varas
square of land, if he was single, and of one thou-
sand varas, if he had married a converted Indian.
I will admit that such making out or designating
of particular spots by such authorities constituted
not an absolute and perfect grant, yet they were
held is such respect, as so sacred, that there is not
a single instance in the whole history of the set-
tlement of the Spanish colonies where they were
disregarded or interfered with. And why? Why,
the authorities from which a written specification
of title or grant could be obtained were at unmeas-
urable distances from the place where the settle-
h'ment had been organized; the communications
]| were difficult and not frequent; the settlers might
apply again and again, and yet be unsuccessful in
reaching the proper authority, and be left, and die,
without ever having obtained at scrap through
which he or his successors after him might assert
their ownership. Yet they were the occupants of
the soil originally allotted to them; they possessed
it openly, in good faith, and as owners, within the
metes and bounds determined by the crude meas-
urement resorted to in such cases. That posses-
sion may go as far back as 1773, and have con-
tinued to the present day in the descendants of those
devoted pioneers who first redeemed those wilds
from the lowest stage of barbarism. And now, I
ask if, under the workings of this bill, you mean
to expel those possessors? if you mean to require
that they should exhibit other titles than their
possession—the first and the best of all titles? Do
you mean to drag them before your commissioners
first, then before your tribunals, that they may,
after a long and harrowing litigation, be told:
i " Away, this field is not yours," and thus become
homeless where the Spanish governors and vice-
roys, and the satraps of Mexico had left them in
peace, in comfort, in security? Long, ostensible,
continued possession—such as creates everywhere,
such as in all times has been held a presumption
of ownership—that possession which proclaims
in the face of the world the right of the occupant
to the soil on which he has lived and toiled long
enough to divest it of all character of usurpation,
even where it might have originated in usurpation;
such is the right which this proviso will cover as
with a shield, and protect.
It is not true, Mr. President, tliat it introduces
a new element in legislation. It obtains at com-
mon as well as at civil law against individuals.
There is not a statute book wherein it is not made
a presumption of ownership. Nor is there a Sen-
ator here who has as much as attempted to assail,
or even to question its correctness, its legitimacy.
But it ceases, it would seem, to have any redeem-
ing virtue as against the sovereign. That it has
been so heretofore who can deny ? The principle
upon which the exception stood was, originally,
that the domain of the prince could not be alien-
ated, and prescription by possession being based
upon a presumed alienation, it could not be main-
tained where the alienation was prohibited. It
was predicated afterwards upon the principle that
the sovereign covering with his actual authority
and ownership every part and parcel of the public
domain, there could be no possession in good faith
adverse to his. But while such an exception
might have been justified under a state of things
which constituted the sovereign in direct antagon-
ism with his subjects, I can perceive no reason
why it should be adhered to where the principle of
the people's sovereignty prevails. In the first
case, the wresting of any portion of the prince's
domain might well be viewed as a trespass in
which, as it excluded good faith, no such posses-
s^n could originate as would ever supply a title;
•wmile in the other, if I may borrow a happy ex-
pression of. a modern writer, •" he who, through
' the general sufferance, lays hands on property to
' which there is no individual claim extant, has
' conscience that he but takes his share of what
' belongs to all, and if permitted to hold it in long
' and uninterrupted possession, makes it his, and
♦ his forever."
But the great difficulty in the present instance
arises not, I apprehend, from a settled hostility
against the principle involved in theprouiso; it has
its origin in the supposition that it would impart I
know not what virtue to certain illegitimate grants
wherewith the most valuable portions of California
might be covered and absorbed. Sir, the history
-of the grants which have so much frightened the
imaginations of honorable Senators should have
protected them against such an apprehension.
There was no grant of any considerable extent
made under the Spanish Government; and all
those that bear a date anterior to 1823 will be
found not to exceed in any particular case the
measure to which I have alluded, say from one
hundred to one thousand square varas (yards)
when made to a soldier, or at the utmost a sitio,
or a square league, when the concession was made
to an officer, and four sitios or four leagues when
made to poblador, or colonist of a village (pueblo)
of at least thirty families. Whatever grants there
may be in California covering a larger extent of
territory that what 1 have just described, must be
posterior to 1823. Indeed, sir, there is none of those
spoken of as being large grants that bears not a date
posterior to 1840. The most prominent among
these, at least so far as they have attracted public
attention, are the following: 1st. A grant made to
Captain Sutter by Governor Alvarado, in 1841;
2d. One made to General Yallejo by Governor
Micheltorrena, in 1843; and 3a. One made in
1844 by the same Governor (Micheltorrena) to
Don Juan B. Alvarado. This last grant is the
grant of ten sitios, called the Mariposas, and pur-
chased from General Alvarado by Colonel Fre'mont.
Now, I am sure Senators must perceive that to
none of these grants could the principle laid down
in my amendment apply. It is not to be presumed,
and indeed the contrary is ascertained, that the
grantees would have located their tracts where an
anterior possession could be set up against them.
If any such possession had existed, far from in-
uring to their benefit, it would be adverse to their
title. These, therefore, are not the grants where
the rights arising under a long possession could
be operative. They are, therefore, excluded from
the purview of the amendment. Whatever may
be the nature of those grants, they must stand on
their own merits, and can receive no assistance
from the frightful proviso. It affords them no shel-
ter, no protection. The truth is that it addresses
itself to a far different denomination of grantees,
or rather to settlers who, although originally au-
thorized to take possession of tracts within much
narrower limits, either never had a written war-
rant, order, or permit, which they could exhibit
as a perfect or as an incipient title; or who, hav-
ing obtained such a permit, order, or warrant,
have not been able to preserve it, and therefore
cannotproduce it before your commissioners. Nor
could parties supply easily for large grants the pe-
culiar kind of possession which the amendment
requires. It must be a possession within deter-
mined metes and bounds. Now, it is well known
that none of the large grants was ever surveyed,
even in the peculiar mode which I described on a
former occasion. They are not properly within
metes and bounds. They are but designated,
pointed out in the grant as being at or ne ar a
known or reputed point—a creek, a river, a lake,
or a mountain—sufficiently so to be located, but
not to bring the tracts whicn they cover within the
rule of the proviso.
The large grants would, therefore, find no shel-
ter behind the amendment. But might not the
missions plead possession under its provisions ?
I need hardly, I hope, remind the honorable Sen-
ators who spoke on yesterday adversely to my
views that the possession must be animo domini—
a possession as by the owner; and such a posses-
sion could never be held up by the missions.
They never assumed to be the owners, indeed not
even the holders of a trust-title. They had but
the use of the lands for the purposes of the mis-
sions, of that spiritxial conquest of the country of
which I have already said something in the course
of these remarks. They hold their possession at
the^ffleasure and in the name of the Government.
Their only title under the regulations of Spain
was the ceremony of the taking of that possession
by the planting of the cross in the name of the
Most High, and for the btnqfit of the king. The
missionaries were but the fathers, (padres,) the
administrators of the pueblo that clustered around
them. They had no power to make grants, nor
can I find that they had any concern in the grant-
