1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
ing of lands except that their Prefect was consulted.
whenever a grant was asked in the vicinity of
their ecclesiastical jurisdiction. How, then, could
they prescribe under the possession required by
the proviso ? There is no rule of law better set-
tled than that which enacts that no one shall ever
be allowed to prescribe against his own title. The
possession of a lessee could no*more impart rights
of ownership than the possession of a trustee, and
least of all that of a mere administrator; the very
nature of their possession, therefore, would work
them out of the provisions of my amendment.
But where are now the communities known under
that name? The Senator from Missouri has given
the history of their fall, or their dispersion; and
we have it upon authority that, out of the twenty-
one missions yet extant in California a short time
before its conquest, five have been sold in 1845
under the decree of the Supreme Government of
Mexico of the year preceding. What rights may
have been acquired through this sale, from the
circumstances under which it took place, it is not
for me to decide; but, sure enough, such right
could find no shelter under theproviso. Five other
missions are transformed into villages, mteblos.
The inhabitants vecinos of the pueblos hold under
the apportionments by the/at hers, los repartimien-
tos hechos par los padres, without other title than the
fact of their being there at the time of the conquest
in the full and peaceable enjoyment of their allot-
ments. Will you expel them ? They are the set-
tlers whom my amendment aims at protecting. I
demand to know whether it be the intention of the
framers of this bill to turn them back into the wil-
derness and barbarism from which the humble yet
effective piety of the padrts had reclaimed them ?
Let that question be answered before the amend-
ment be rejected.
Mr. President, it will be rejected; I know it •
will. Strange dreams have come over the minds
of honorable Senators, and prostrated in the space
of a cold and dreary night those prospects which,
upon its first appearance upon your table, seemed
to vouch its ultimate success. Methinks I can
read on almost every face around me, Vtz Vietis!—
wo to the conquered! They must be crushed,
trodden in the dust! The eleven remaining mis-
sions are either abandoned, or under the super-
vision of a priest; and of these none, as I think I
have demonstrated, could be claimed, either under
a title or under the possession derived from the
missionaries.
Mr. President, it has been said that while this
proviso extends a shield and protection to the in-
terests of the old settlers, it may in its workings
be injurious to those of the new ones. Yerily, I
am surprised at hearing such bold assertions.
They are without any foundation; they are sup-
ported neither by fact nor by argument. How ia
the protecting of an original right in the former to
affect the ulterior, the unborn rights of the latter?
Sir, who are those old settlers? They are the
few, the weak, the conquered. Who thinks of
them? Humble, defenceless, hardly entitled to
be heard in their mother dialect, almost outcasts
in their native country, who cares for them ? They
may excite pity, but where are those whose sym-
pathies for their misfortune will be roused to that
fervid enthusiasm which alone can secure them
against the oppression which this bill prepares for
them ?
But, sir, the hundred thousand hardy and brave
adventurers who now sweep across those but
lately deserted regions know how to speak for
themselves, and will in all times command hosts
of friends who will watch over their interests, at-
tend to their necessities, and minister to their
wishes; they are the strong, the powerful, the
countless. _ Sir, if they were ever forgotten, they
would bid you to remember them. There is noth-
ing in the proviso through which their interests
can be injuriously affected. If the principle of
law, upon which my amendment is based, be a
correct and legitimate one as against an individual,
and would enable the bona fide possessor, after
long years, to override those of an adverse claim-
ant under a perfect title, I want to know why it
should not equally apply to a similar adverse pos-
session against the Government? My faith in the
justice of the proviso is unaltered, whatever be
my apprehension as to its fate.
Mr. BERRIEN. It is my purpose to reply
very briefly to the interesting argument the Sen-
ate has just heard, nof of course from any want
of respect to the honorable Senator, but from the
conviction which I entertain of the importance of
legislating upon this subject with a view to the in-
terest, not merely of the people of California, but
of the people of the United States at large, and
from a consideration of the* pressure of business
upon the Congress of the United States and -the
very limited time which remains to us for the dis-
charge of it; and from this further and final con-
sideration, that, according to my conviction, the
answer to that argument may be given within very
narrow limits.
Sir, the bill which is now under consideration
by the Senate of the United States is a bill to as-
certain and determine private land claims in the
State of California. The object is to separate the
private from the public domain, with a view on
the one hand to leave to individuals, having pri-
vate claims capable of being ascertained, the un-
disturbed enjoyment of their property, and on the.
other to enable the Government to exercise its con-
stitutional power of disposing of the public do-
main. That is the purpose of the bill. It pro-
fesses to decide upon no title. It proceeds upon
the assumption of the fact that Congress has not
the necessary information to enable them to decide
upon the titles, and its purpose and object is,
therefore, walking in the ancient ways which have
been traced by our predecessors, to call in the aid
of the judicial department to decide upon the evi-
dence which will be afforded in each' particular
case, upon the validity of the claims which shall
be presented.
This is the object of the bill. This is the duty
of the Congress of the United States. This is
within its power. All beyond that is beyond its
duty and beyond its power in the present state of
its information. Now, if this be the object of the
bill, what is the object of the Senator s amend-
ment? Is it to provide a means by which titles
shall be ascertained ? Is it to provide a means by
which existing titles shall be judicially determ-
ined? No, sir. Confessedly, the cases which are
to be provided for by the amendment of the Sen-
ator are cases in which no title existed. Its pur-
pose is to confer a title. The Congress of the
United States, before it shall have ascertained the
extent of the domain which it has acquired from
Mexico, by the separation of the public from the
private domain, is to be called upon, by the
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana, not to
Erescribe the means by which existing titles shall
e ascertained, but with a liberal hand to make a
donation, the extent of which no man, whatever
may be his information on the subject, can ascer-
tain. This objection stands at the very threshold of
this amendment. The bill proposes to ascertain
existing titles. The amendmentproposes a means
by which titles which do not exist shall be con- !
ferred.
Mr. President, that answer might be in itself j
sufficient. The Congress of the United States '
heretofore, in acting upon questions of this sort,
| have limited themselves to th^stablishment of a
! tribunal by which those rightVwhich were secured
| to the parties who had been transferred by their
Government to ours, should be ascertained and
determined. We have sought j in framing this
bill, to conform to the ancient legislation, to the
continued legislation of Congress. It has been
said, in the course of this argument, that in the
case of Louisiana there was a limitation of ten
years of actual bona fide possession, and therefore
you are invoked to allow this amendment, which
. provides tide only after a possession of twenty
' years. I desire the Senate to observe that there is
1 not the remotest analogy between the provisions
of the act in relation to Louisiana and that of this
; amendment. The act of Louisiana provides that
the head of a family, or a person who was twenty-
] one years of age, or who, on a certain day in Oc-
tober, 1800, had been in possession of land under
a warrant, order, or survey from some lawful and
proper authority of the Government then existng
in that country, and who should have actually
occupied and cultivated that land down to the date
; of the treaty by which it was transferred from
France tp the United States, should be permitted
■ to hold it to the extent of one league square. That
was the act of 1805. The act of 1806, in which .
the ten years' limitation is contained, modifies the
act of 1805, dispensing with the necessity of the
individual occupant bemg twenty-one years of age;1
but it requires that the person having possession
of the land under this warrant, or order, or survey,
should have been ten years actually occupying and
cultivating it for his own use, and it then gives
the quantity of land I have stated, exactly de-
scribing it, as a donation. This is the limitation
of ten years in the legislation in relation to Lou-
[ isiana. But what is the amendment before us?
It gives to an actual and bona fide possessor within
determined limits—" possession m good faith," I
believe, is the language—to the possessor within
determined limits, any quantity of land, no matter
1 what that quantity may be, without the requisi-
tion of actual cultivation, and without the require-
ment of any warrant, order, or survey, or any
evidence of any act whatever from the lawful au-
thorities of that territory. Certainly there is no
similitude, no analogy in the slightest degree be-
tween the two cases. The amendment can borrow
no support from the legislation of Congress in the
case of Louisiana. It is directly contradicted by
its legislation in regard to all territories heretofore
acquired. It must, then, stand upon its own merits.
The Senator from Louisiana has, in a very in-
teresting manner, described the condition of sev-
eral classes of persons whom he supposes may,
under this bill, be subjected to hardship; who may
be deprived of their property under the adjudi-
cations which will be made under the provisions of
this bill. It seems to me a sufficient answer to the
Senator, to say, admitting that argument to be true
in its whole extent, admitting that there are occu-
pants of lands in California, who, under the laws'
and usages of the country, were entitled to occupy
the lands of which they shall be found in the pos-
session, or who would be entitled upon principles
of equity for which the Senator from Louisiana
has so earnestly and ably contended, that all these
persons will be protected, by the provisions of the
I bill under consideration. The alternative is pre-
j sented to the-honorable Senator. The individuals,
I whose claims he desires to have protected, have
claims which are or are not sustained by the laws
and usages of California, of Mexico, or of the
Government of Spain. They have or they have
not claims which ought to be sustained upon prin-
ciples of justice ana equity. Now, if they nave
\ not claims which ought to be sustained, even sup-
posing the Mexican Government to have continued
to subsist there, according to the laws and usages
of that Government, if the parties whose claims he
wishes to protect and who occupy these lands have
no claim which would have been respected by the
Mexican Government, then unquestionably they
have no claim upon us. If, on the other hand
they have claims which would have been entitled
to respect under the laws, usages, and customs of
the Mexican or Spanish Government, then, by
the provisions of this bill, the validity of these
claims must be confirmed by the courts of the
United States. And so with regard to the second
class of these claimants, whose situation the hon-
orable Senator has thus depicted, who have claims
which are entitled to be sustained apart from the
laws and usages of the Government, upon princi-
ples of equity and justice. If there can be no
principle of equity or justice which can b.e invoked
for the purpose of sustaining these claims, then
surely this amendment ought not to prevail. If,
on the other hand, they have claims, which,
upon principles of equity and justice ought to be
sustained, those principles of equity and justice
are equally obligatory upon this Government as
upon the Mexican and Spanish Governments, and
I doubt not that to the fullest extent, to the utmost
1 extent, they will be administered by the tribunals
to which the decision of their validity is given. It
is only necessary for the Senate to recur to the
provision of this bill in regard to the principles by
which the courts are to be governed in all decis-
ions of these titles. Section 11th says:
"And be it farther enacted, That the commissioner*
herein provied lor, and the District and Supreme Courts,
in deciding on the validity of any claim brought before them
under the provisions of this act, shall be governed by toe
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the law-of nations, the laws,
usages, and customs of the Government from which the
claim is derived, the principles-of equity, and the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States, so far as they
are applicable."
Now present a case to the consideration of Con-
gress in the actual state of our information, and
let it be admitted that neither according to the law
of nations, neither according to " the laws, usages,
and customs of the Government from which it is
derived," nor upon any principle of equity can it
