406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 31.
be sustained, and can the Congress of the United
States be asked to iiKike a provision for such a
claim? Can they doubt that their judicial depart-
ment will sustain and confirm the validity of every
claim which comes within the provision of any
one of the principles which in this section are stated
for their guidance?
It seems to me, therefore, that the answer to the
argument of the honorable Senator from Louisiana
is to be given by a brief reference to the provision
which points out and defines the principles by
which the judicial tribunals are to be governed in
all decisions of these claims. It is for these rea-
sons that I do not mean to enter into the details of
the argument of the honorable Senator, which it
would afford me pleasure to do under other circum-
stances. My desire is to get the decision of the
Senate upon this bill as promptly as may be con-
sistent with its own views and the consideration
which it requires. I believe it is of the utmost im-
portance that this bill should be acted upon. I
hope the question will be taken upon this amend-
ment, which I have thus imperfectly discussed,
because I have no desire to consume the time of
the Senate. "When it is disposed of, I shall ask
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
bill, section by section, that we may have some
hope of coming to a decision.
Mr. BRADBURY. I wish to submit an amend-
ment to the amendment now under consideration;
which, if it is not in order, may still be read for
the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Shields.)
It is not now in order. It may be read for inform-
ation.
It was read. It was to add to the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana [Mr; Soule] the
following words:
" Provided, however. That no person shall be entitled, by
virtue of such possession or presumption of a grant, to more
than six hundred and forty acres of land, (to include his
settlement and improvement,) and that the same shall not
conflict with the valid claim of any other person."
Mr. BRADBURY. My purpose in sending
this amendment to the Chair is to relieve the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Loui-
siana from the objections urged against it, and I
hope he will adopt it as a modification of his. If
so modified, I think there could be no objection to
his proposition, as it would remove the apprehen-
sion that, under cover of it, the public domain in
California would be absorbed by immense imper-
fect grants.
The bill, as it stands, arraigns the land titles in
California, and subjects them to the test of law. It
is highly important, as it appears to me, that when
this bill goes out to that State it shSuld contain
such provisions as will prevent it from carrying
alarm to the old settlers who have long been in
the possession and improvement of their lands,
and to the new cities and towns that have lately
sprung into importance, where great improvements
have been made, costly buildings erected, and
large portions of some of the cities built up on
lots sold by the corporate authorities since the re-
cent conquest of the country. These sales may
be found to be without legal authority, although
they plead usage and necessity as a justification,
and have applied the proceeds of the sales to pur-
poses of proper improvement. Yet we know
that mercantile credit, the credit of the business
men, is based, to some considerable extent, on this
real estate. We know, too, that nothing is more
delicate than mercantile credit in a country where
everything is new. We should be cautious to
produce no panic by our legislation. There is no
object to be accomplished. The United States will
never enforce any claim to the lands within those
cities and towns, if it should turn out that their
title is defective. They will be suffered to hold,
and we shall never realize anything for the land.
It is with the view of avoiding all alarm, while
the necessary measures are pursued for ascertain-
ing and separating the public domain from private
property, that I wish the bill to be so guarded as
to avoid all misconception. It already contains a
section that will protect, to a great extent, prop-
erty holders in most of the cities and towns.
IS? further provision may perhaps be desirable.
Ine other class, the old settlers who have been
long in the country, some of them occupying
ejC-s 'anc* from generation to generation,
. !,y ., dl«^t, if not impossible, to establish
nc y legal title before the commissioners and
court, and the bill itself should carry to them as-
surance of protection. The argument of the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, that they are secured
by that provision in the bill which requires the
commissioners to be governed in their decisions by
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the Jp.w of na-
tions, the laws, usages, and customs of the Gov-
ernment from which the claim is derived, the prin-
ciples of equity, and the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, so far as they are ap-
plicable, does not cover the whole ground of objec-
tion. We call upon every person to come before
the commissioners and establish his title; and there
may be many who may be unable to show any
other evidence of title than long-continued occu-
pation and improvement. The right to hold by
prescription as against the Government is ques-
tioned; and it is to meet this class of cases that I
am in favor of the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana, restricted as I have proposed. I have
conferred with the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Gwin,] and I understand him to be j
in favor of the provision.
Mr. GWIN. If the amendment of the Senator
frqpi Louisiana should pass, I am in favor of in-
grafting this upon it.
Mr. BRADBURY. For the purpose of quiet-
ing titles I am in favor of going as far as I have
indicated. I am not sure that it would be prudent
to adopt the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, and leave it as it now stands,
although I have listened to his argument in sup-
port of it with attention. As it is not now in order
to amend, I shall vote for it, and if it is adopted I
shall propose the amendment which has been read;
but my impression is, that unless my modification
is accepted the proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana will not be sustained.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Soule] with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bradbury, Chase, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Rhett, Sew-
ard, Shields, Soule, and Yulee—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Downs, Felch, Foote, Gwin,
Hale, Jones, King, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce,
Phelps, Rusk, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Under-
wood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and Win-
tiirop—37.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BENTON. I move to strike out the fourth
section of the bill of the committee, which is in
these words:
"And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-
ful for the President of the United States to appoint an agent
learned in the law and skilled in the Spanish and English
language, whose special duty it shall be to superintend the
interests of the United States in the premises, to continue
him in such agency as R>ng as the public interest may, in
the judgment of the President, require his continuance,
and to allow him such compensation as the President shall
deem reasonable. It shall be the duty of the said agent to
attend the meetings of the board, to collect testimony in
behalf of the United States, and to attend on all occasions
when the claimant of any case before the board shall take
depositions; and no deposition taken by or in behalf of any
such claimantshall be4id in evidence in any case, whether
before the commissioners or before the District or Supreme
Court of the United States, unless notice of the time and
place of taking the same shall have been given in writing
to said agent, or to the district attorney of the proper dis-
trict, so long before the time of taking the deposition as to
enable him to be present at the time and place of taking
the same; and like notice shall be given of the time and
place of taking any deposition on the part of the United
States."
Mr. President, I stated in the early part of this
discussion that a direct act of confiscation of the
mass of the landed property in California would
be merciful in comparison with the manner in which
the people will be worried and harassed out of
their property by this bill, if it should pass. Those
were words considered by me when I spoke them,
having in my view the parts of the bill which
woulcTsustain what I said. I now proceed, in one
nstance, to make good that expression; and for
the purpose of doing it more clearly, and to show
^contrast the severity—the unparalleled severity
with which these people are treated—I shall read
some brief passages from the early acts passed on
this subject during Mr. Jefferson's administration
for adjudicating land titles, and from which, in
some decree, this bill is derived, but with an omis-
sion of their most equitable features.
The particular points at present to which I ask
the attention of the Senate is the law agent pro-
vided for in this judiciary bill, and his power over
depositions, and, to make the points clear, will
read the corresponding enactment in the Jefferson-
ian acts of 1805 for the settlement of claims in
upper and lower Louisiana—now the States of
Louisiana and IMissouri. Tins is the clause m re-
lation to the Government agent and lus powers and
i duties:
I " That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be and he is
hereby authorized to employ three agents, one for each
j board, and whose compensation shall not exceed oCO
I each, forthe purpose of appearing before the commissioners,
! in behalf of the United ritates, to investigate the claims for
1 lands, and to oppose all suck as said agents may deem
fraudulent and unfounded."
That was the character of the agent, and the
extent of his power. He was not required to be
a lawyer, but only an agent—one for each board
—and he was not allowed to oppose claims on
frivolous or vexatious ground, but only in the two
cases of a fraudulent claim or an unfounded claim.
Contrast that with the words of this bill. It uses the
word " agent," but it is a deception. The person
appointed is not to be an agent, but a lawyer, and a
skillful lawyer," learned in the law,"and then it is to
be his " special" duty to superintend the " interests"
of the United States. What interests? Why cer-
tainly to take away all the land he can from every-
body and give it to the United States, to be sold
for money or bestowed upon new settlers. How
different this from the act of Mr. Jefferson's time,
in which the agent was not required to be a law-
yer, much less a learned lawyer, and instead of
"superintending" the interests of the United
States was to "investigate" the claims, and op-
pose only those which had a fraudulent origin, or
no origin at all. Great is the difference in the
two cases—in that of 1805 a real agent to look
into cases, in this of *1851 an attorney general
with unlimited and undefined powers to prosecute
for the United States, and to have the whole con-
' trol in conducting the suits against the claimants.
His power to superintend—his power over depo-
sitions, and the very nature of his office will make
him the conductor of the cases, and subject the
board to follow his lead in the whole form of the
trial and the points to be decided. Truly he will
be a Government attorney to prosecute the people
for their lands.
According to the old acts, there were to be three
agents—one for each district in which there was a
board. Here there is to be but one, and the board
is to sit, nobody knows where. That is to be left
to the President; and as he will know nothing
about it, and as it is a detail of legislation not
proper for him to perform, he will probably leave
it to the agent learned in the law, or to the board;
and he or they, or he and they, upon every prin-
ciple of human action, will fix the times and places
to suit themselves—to suit their own convenience,
and not to suit the convenience and the rights of
the claimants. One agent for a country as largo
as California! But there is to be only one board;
and is that to be stationary or ambulatory? He
is to " attend" the board in session, and also at-
tend to taking depositions all over the State. See
the concluding part of the section. He is to give
notices, and to receive notices. He is to serve no-
tices of time and place of taking depositions on
the claimants, and time enough allowed the agent
to enable him to be present at the taking. Now,
how many suits may there be? Perhaps five
thousand! And scattered over how much ground
may the witnesses and claimants be? Perhaps a
thousand miles! California is a large State, and
new, and traveling difficult; yet over all this State
may people be notified to attend to take deposi-
tions. This is one of the most tedious and vexa-
tious things in law. Giving a notice is trouble
and expense—attending to cross-examine is trouble
and expense, and the greater because a lawyer is
to be present to examine—proving t^£ notice in
court is further trouble and expense; yet all this
trouble and expense the learned lawyer agent may
inflict upon the people. Then there are no issues
to try. In suits at law there are issues; here
there are none. The superintending attorney is
to attack as he pleases, and prove as he pleases;
and that for three generations back.
What interest of the United States is he to su-
perintend ? The interest of getting some acres of
land from the claimants or the great interest which
the United States have in quieting and settling the
country? Wliich interest is it that this agent is to
superintend? There is nothing here to tell which
interest it .is, but as the agent is a person to be
employed by the- United States he will consider
