403
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
certainly not in order to strike out parts of the
section after the Senate has refused to strike out
the whole section.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
the motion of the Senator to be to strike out a por-
tion of the section and insert what has been sent
to the Chair.
Mr. BENTON. That is the proposition.
The PRESIDENT. It is not m order to make
the motion at this time. After the bill shall have
been reported to the Senate, the Senator will have
an opportunity of proposing his amendment, either
in wnole or in part. ~
Mr. BENTON. I then move to strike out the
14th section of the amendment of the committee
and insert:
" That the rights, titles, and claims to town, city, pueblo,
or village lots, out-lots, common field lots, and commons in,
adjoining, and belonging to the several towns, cities, pueblos,
or villages in California, founded under the Spanish or
Mexican Government, which lots have been inhabited, cul-
tivated or possessed previous to the date of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, shall be and the same are hereby con-
- firmed to the inhabitants of the respective towns, villages,
pueblos, and cities, according to their rights, or rights in
common thereto: Provided, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to affect the rights of any persons claim-
ing the same lands or any p:trts thereof. And it shall be
the duty of the United States surveyor general in the said
State, as soon as may be, to cause to be surveyed and
• marked [where the same has not already been done accord-
ing to law] the out boundary lines of the said several towns,
cities, villages, iliicl pueblos, so as to include the out lots,
common field lots, and commons thereto respectively be-
longing. And he shall make out plats of the surveys and
forward or transmit copies of the said plats to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office or to the recorder of land
titles."
That amendment, Mr. President, was copied
word for word from the act of 1812, confirming
the claims to town lots, village lots, and common
field lots in Upper Louisiana. The only differ-
ence is, that in the Louisiana case the names of all
the towns were enumerated; I am not sufficiently
acquainted with the names of towns and Tillages
in California to name them. Under the act of 1812
all the descriptions of property enumerated in the
amendment were confirmed by law to the inhabit-
ants, and they no longer appeared before any
board of commissioners or any tribunal. The law
was their title, and the surveyor of the district sur-
veyed the lots for them. That, was the law of
1812, which quieted the inhabitants of our towns
and villages, and there are very strong reasons
why we should confirm the same kind of property
to the inhabitants of the towns and villages in Cal-
ifornia. These lands, at the time they were given
to the people of California, were declared by law
to be a legal title for the owner's protection, and
were directed to be given to these people without
any remuneration for the title or for the act 'of
putting them in possession. It is taken from
"Acts governing the early settlement of Califor-
nia," extracts from instructions to be observed by
the commandant of the new establishments of San
Diego and Monterey, given by the Viceroy the
17th August, 1773. The 12th and 13th article of
these instructions related to the population of these
towns and villages. The 12th related to the Indi-
ans; the 13th to the white people; and as both In-
dians and white people will be affected by this sec-
tion, pass in what form it may, I deem it right to
read both sections. The 12th article says:
" With the desire that population may be more speedily
assured in the new establishments, I, for the present, grant
the commandant power to designate common lands, and
also even to make individual concessions to such Indians
as may most dedicate themselves to sericulture and the rais-
ing of cattle; for, having property of their own, the love of
it will cause them to plant themselves more firmly; but the
commandant must bear it in mind that it is very advisable
not to allow them to live dispersed, each on the 'land given
him, but that they must have their house or habitation in
the town or mission where they have been gathered or set-
tled." *
That relates to the public lands inhabited by
the Indians. Now for the white people. The
13th article says:
" I grant the same faculty to the commandant with re-
spect to distributing lands to the other settlers, (pobladoret,)
according to their merit and ability to improve; tliey also
living in the town, and not dispersed, declaring that in the
exercise of what is prescribed in this article and the pre-
ceding, he must act in every respect in conformity with the
provisions made in the collection of laws respecting new
reductions and settlement*, granting them legal titles for
the owner's protection without exacting any remuneration
therefor, or for the act of possession."
Under this law, Mr. President, I hold that when
these people were put in possession by the com-
mandant, their titles were legal and complete. ■
Nothing can legally be done in the United States
to undo their title, or make it less than it was. We
all know that while nothing can lie legally done to
undo it or make it less than it was, two things may
be practically donew"hich would entirely destroy it.
The section which I propose to strike out makes
the fact of the extent of any village or town on the
7th day of July, 1846, prima facie evidence of what ?
Of the presumption of a grant in favor of the cor-
poration of said village or towns, not prima facie
evidence in favor of the old settlers according to
the laws of Spain. W e all know what prima facie
is. It is only a presumption, and if it did apply
to the old settlers it would make their titles far
below what they were in every instance in
which these towns were settled forty, fifty, sixty,
' seventy, or eighty years back. But it does not
even go that far. It does not go as far as to pro-
tect the settlers at all. It is only prima facie evi-
dence of a general fact, after which and under
which are to come forward all the questions of
| ownership. " And the fact of the existence of
said city, town or village on the said 7th of July,
1846, shall be prima facie evidence of the grant to
such corporation, or to the individual under whom
1 said lot-holders claim." That is the question to
'Which the provision goes. It is only a presump-
tion that a grant was made to the corporation, or
; a pfesumption that it was made to the individual
from whom the lot-holders derive their title. If it
did protect the claims of the settlers it would be
.entirely below the legal titles which they have
already under the laws of Spain. These little lots
, are held by a great many people, poor people in
|! many instances, and if they were poor they ought
; not to be harassed. In a great many instances
1J the trouble of proving title would be more than
! the lot was worth. Therefore the law should
confirm them immediately. I ask the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I explained
to the Senate, wMhtfiis subject was first taken up,
after the JudiciHBJommittee had reported, the
grounds upon wfilch this section was founded.
It was understood that grants had been made to
corporations of lands four leagues in extent with
authority to grant to individuals town lots and
pasture lots. The object of the provision which
it is proposed to strike out is to relieve individual
' lot-holders from the necessity of presenting their
;1 claims by enabling the corporation to present a
j! general claim which shall inure to the benefit of
j| all the lot-holders. There were some cases in
' which cities, towns, and villages had been founded
! upon the land granted to individuals. In either
! case it is provided that the existence of the city,
I; town, or village, at the time the American flag
; j was first hoisted there, shall be considered as prima,
i fane evidence of a grant to the corporation or to
the individual from whom the lot-holders derived
title. It is obvious the provision that this should
be only prima facie evidence ought to be introduced
into the bill, for if there be a better title in an
, older grant to anAdividual who should rebut this
prima fade presumption of title, that presumption
ought not to hold. This is the extent to which
: the provision goes.
With respect to the law which is referred to by
the Senator from Missouri as the law existing in
the country, and under which these towns, vil-
lages, and cities werfe founded, the parties may be
entitled to the advantages of it before the tribu-
nals of the United States, according to this bill,
which provides that the commissioner shall be
governed by the laws, u^es, and customs of the
( Government from whicWhe claim is derived,
j Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of the unconditional
confirmation of all these lots, and shall therefore
vote for the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, because it is more clear and explicit than
the section he proposes to strike out. My desire
j is to have all of these lots confirmed; and I shall
be glad if the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
'! souri be adopted.
i The question being taken by yeas and nays,
! resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Chase,
, Davis, of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Gwin, Houston, Seward, Shields,
Soul*. and Whitcomb—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Borland, Bright, Clay,
| Dawson, Dayton, Ewing, Foote, Jones, King, Morton,
j Noms, Phelps, Smith, Spruance, Turney, TXnderwood, !
i Wales, and Walker—f>0. > ^. >
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BENTON. I move to strike out of the
tenth section the words " on payment of such
reasonable costs as shall be allowed by the court,
and on such security for costs thereafter to accrue
as the said court shall prescribe." The substitute
bill of the committee provides that cost shall be
paid before an appeal can be taken, and by a peo-
ple who were g-iven these lands without cost, who
were directed in the beginning to be put in posses-
sion without fees. I hold this to be one of those
clauses which will operate as a confiscation of the
great mass of claims in California. It will be im-
possible to know what the costs will be. The
cost of attending court in California is enormous.
Clerks' fees and officers' fees are enormous; the
payment of witnesses is enormous. Everything
is beyond what we have any conception of. AU
these are to be paid before an appeal is to be
granted. And in no case is the party to receive
back the costs which he may have paid. Although
he may ultimately triumph, although* it may be
decided that he has been harassed by the United
States; after he has been carried through so many
years of litigation; after he has been taken through
three tribunals; after he has been nearly ruined in
costs—although this shall appear from the final
decision of the case, yet the party is to receive no
costs back. In such a case as that, I say, this bill
is entirely destructive of property. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Norris, Pearce, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Souii, Walker, and Winthrop—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Borland, Clay, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton, Dick-
inson, Douglas, Ewing, Foote, Gwin, Houston, Jones,
King, Morton, Phelps, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, and
Wales—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
I HOUSE-OF REPRESENTATIVES.
! Saturday, February 1, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Rev. Mr. Gurley, Chaplain of the House,
| addressed the Throne of Grace in the following
prayer:
0 God, our only refuge in time of need,x>ur only
hope in the hour of adversity, thou hast taught us
' that we know not what a day may bring forth,
and that there is but a step between us and death.
■ 0 God, we are smitten by thee and afflicted. Thou
I hast struck down from his place of public honor
| and usefulness in this Hall, from the communion
of his friends, from the endearment of his family,
from all the light and joys of the present life, thy
servant, a member of this House. Thou hast
stricken him down by insensibility and the dark-
ness of death. We would recognize, in this
event, oh thou Father of our spirits! thy mighty
hand. We would be still, and know that thou art
God; and we fervently pray that an impression
may be made upon each and all of our minds, of
: the infinite importance of preparation to appear be-
fore thee, to seek first the kingdom of Goa and the
righteousness thereof, to direct our best thoughts
and our most earnest endeavors to the things of
religion, that centre, that harbor, that Sabbath,
that consummation of all our necessities, of all
the hopes of our immortal minds. Oh! God of in-
finite compassion, who rememberest those who are
in sorrow, and sustainest those who are bereaved,
we commend to thy gracious, and fatherly, and
, tender care, the jnourning family of our departed
brother. We pray far thy blessings upon all
those who have been associated with him in his
, public labors and duties. And we fervently look
to thee, who art the Supreme Ruler among nations,
for thy blessing upon our beloved country and
upon all the inhabitants of this land, that the
i people may know that thou art the God of this,
1 their American Zion, that they may never disre-
gard thy providence, nor be unmindful of the
operation of thy hands. Let thy blessing be upon
all the families and communities of the world, and
prepare, we humbly beseech thee, thy servants
here present for the solemn and affecting duties in
which they are shortly to be engaged, and by
which they are to be taught that this is not their
