1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
rest; thai it u their first duty to gird up their
Ioum and trim their lamps, to watch ana to be
tuber, 10 put on the armor of light; because they
know not the day nor the hour m which the Son
of man cometh. Hear these, our morning prayers,
merciful anil gracious God, through Jesus Christ,
who is eternal life to all his disciples, and to
whom, with thee and Spirit of all holiness and
grace, be the glory forever. Amen.
The Journal was read.
OBITUARY.
Mr. HOWARD rose and addressed the House
as follows:
Mr. SriAKta: It is my melancholy duty to an-
nounc# the death of my colleague, the Hon. David
8. Kacfmas. On yesterday, about two o'clock,
p. m., he nme to my seat as he passed out of the
Hall, and we conversed in relation to a subject
connected with our official duties, and the interest
of our State. He appeared, so far as I observed,
perfectly well—the image of robust and vigorous
health. Few men in Congress, to all appearance,
gave greater assurance of a long, active, and useful
life. At the dose of the day, a message was
brought me that he was dying, and when I reached
his lodgings he was already lifelem, and pale be-
neath the cold hand of death. It seems he had
left the Capitol before three o'clock in a carriage,
and took his bed on reaching his hotel. A friend
who saw aim get out of his carnage, remarked
that he looked pale. He answered that he was
unwell, andcouipl&ined of oppression in the chest.
At about five o'clock he breathed his last, almost
without a struggle.
The physicians in attendance pronounced the
diwranf which had so suddenly terminated his life,
to he an affection of the heart.
A summons of one of us by the Great Messen-
ger, so unlooked for, so sudden, mournfully ad-
monishes as " what shadows we are, and what
shadows we pursue."
When we are thus reminded how attenuated
m the veil of time that separates us from eternity,
the strife of party, and the intoxicating pursuits
of ambition and fame, appear but the vocation of
children of a larger growth.
Mr. Kir fx a* was a native of Cumberland,
Pennsylvania, and was born in 1813. He was
graduated at Princeton college, in 1833. He ap-
pears to have held a high rank for scholarship at
that distinguished seat of learning, which has pro-
dared so many able men.
During the last session of Congress he was se-
lected to deliver an annual address before one of
the societies of his .lima Mater.
Not long after he had finished his collegiate
•todies, he removed to Natchez, Mississippi, where
he read law in the office of that accomplished gen-
tleman, lawyer, statesman, and soldier, John A.
Qcrrx as, whose confidence and esteem he always
enjoyed. . '
In' 1635, Mr. Kaufman settled in Natchitoches,
Louisiana, in the practice of his profession, and
.Ai.injH a fair share of business, although sur-
rounded by able and older members of the bar.
Indeed, few men had naturally more of the ele-
ments which insure success in any pursuit to which
he might have directed his attention.
That brilliant event, the battle of San Jacinto,
turned westward the attention of the young and
the adventurous to the "star that had just arisen
above the political horizon. In the Spring of 1837
Mr. Kaufman emigrated to Nacogdoches, in the
Republic of Texas. In 1838 he had already so
far won the confidence of the people among whom
he had established his home, that he was elected a
member of the Texan Congress. He was twice
reelected,and twice chosen Speaker of the House,
an office which he discharged with much ability.
Indeed, few men in this House understood better
the rules of its proceeding, and the general parlia-
mentary law.
In 1843, having removed to Sabine county, he
was elected to the Senate, and from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in 1844, presented a rqiort
in favor of annexation, characterized by much
force and strength of argument. He took an act-
ive and zealous part in favor of that measure, and
contributed much to its consummation. He was
imbued with the eeneral spirit that pervaded the
public mind in Texas—a longing after " father -
land," and the hope of enrollment beneath the
•tars and stripes, which always will be the high-
est glory of any true-hearted American. He feels
a proud consciousness that wherever they float,
American cannon shall protect American liberty.
Neither was the service of my colleague to
Texas, confined to her legislative councils. During
three different years, he participated in as many
campaigns against the enemies of his adopted
country, and bore a wound conspicuously upon
his person—the living record of his gallant con-
duct.
After the adjournment of the Texan Congress
in 1845, Mr. Kaufman was appointed Charg* to
this Government, but that office having been su-
perseded by the final act of annexation, he was
elected one of the first members to this House
from the State of Texas, in which position he had
ever since been continued.
David S. Kaufman possessed an intellect of a
high order, which had been well cultivated. He
was patient and laborious, always presented his
subject in a strong point of view, with clearness
ana precision. He gathered up the bearing of his
topic, without which no one can be able to com-
mand success. No Representative was more zeal-
ous in the discharge of his official duties. No
member labored more, in season and out of season,
to perform his whole trust, and discharge the
humblest business confided to his care. It was
this fidelity that rendered him perfectly invincible
in his district.
Of the social qualities of my colleague, all will
bear testimony. He was amiable and kind in his
intercourse on all occasions. He was an obliging
good neighbor, always ready to assist the indigent,
and to aid the young and meritorious. He was a
devoted husband and affectionate parent. What
the bereavement and loss of his relatives must be
under this most afflicting dispensation, I shall not
attempt to portray. Grief is, in my estimation,
too sacred for the'measured language of sympathy
or condolence.
Mr. Speaker, when the aged •man, who seems
to hare finished his mission, JMpathered to his
fathers, we feel a melancholy n^ret; yet there is
a consciousness that after having finished the ob-
jects of life, he has at last fulfilled his destiny, and
paid the final debt of nature, which we must all
satisfy. But when one who, like my colleague,
full of vigor, in the meridian of life, and with bril-
liant prospects, is thus summoned, without a
warning, to another existence, the regret cannot
be otherwise than profound. It is our duty to
submit, without a murmur, to the inscrutable will
of Providence; yet it canirot but appear to our
short-sightedness that something has Seen left un-
finished and incomplete.
This sudden demise ought to admonish us how
feeble is the hold of the strongest upon life, and
how urgent the necessity of always being prepared
for the great event to man.
Mr. H. concluded by offering the following res-
olutions: |
Resolved, That tbii House has heard, with deep emotion, 1
the annunciation of the death of the honorable David S.
Kaufman, a member of this House froqMbe State of Texas.
RetolctH, That this House tenders toTlie relatives of the
deceased the eipreasion of its sympathy on this affecting
event; and, as a tesumony of respect for the memory of the
deceased, the members and officers  f the House will go
into mourning, by wearing crape on the left arm for thirty
davp.
Rewired, That the members and officers of the House
will attend the funeral of the honorable David H."Kauf-
■n, deceased, from the Hall of the House of Representa-
tive*. on Monday ne\i at twelve o'clock.
Raalcet. That a committee be appointed for superintend-
ing the funeral of the deceased.
llesoloed, That the Senate be furnished with acopv of the
foregoing resolutions, and thauhf y be invj|ed to attend the
funeral of the deceased. w
Resolved. That, as a flintier mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORSE said: In seconding the resolution
that has just been read, J hope that I shall be par-
doned if I add one word to the eloquent notice
which has been taken of his decease by his col-
league. There are reasons why the portion of
Louisiana which I have the honor to represent
upon this floor, should mingle her voice with that
of the Representative of her sister State.
Mr. Kaufman was for some time an inhabitant
of the town of Natchitoches, in the district I rep-
resent, and at this day his name is there recollected
with kindness and consideration. Besides, his
having once been a constituent of mine, a large
section of country, seven miles broad by nearly
one hundred miles long, was taken from the dis-
trict that I represent, and added to the eastern
district of Texas.
Sir, I know that these, my old constituents,
would not pardon me if I did not now represent
their feelings in expressing their sincere regret for,
and admiration of the character of their distin-
guished representative.
Sir, when, a few years ago, I had the honor of
presenting Mr. Kaufman as the first member elect
from the State of Texas, the district I then repre-
sented was the most remote district in the United
States. Sir, since that time, an empire has arisen
upon the Pacific; an empire has been added to
this Government, and is now represented in this
House and in the Senate of the United States.
The reflection is calculated to elevate and raise the
feelings of American pride; but there is something
in the scene presented to us, that reminds us of
the frailty of all human efforts.
Not twenty-four hours since, he was here in
our midst, engaged in the active duties of legisla-
tion; nor was there a member of this body with a
brighter prospect for a long and useful career.
Mr. Kaufman was among the youngest, most ro-
bust, and noble-looking men in this Dody.
There is no more trite or truer sentiment than
how frail the tenure is by which we hold our lives;
and the recent melancholy event is only another
evidence of the certainty of death, and he is the
only true philosopher who, believing the truth of
the poet, is always prepared—
" If it ba now, 'tis not to come; if it be not to come,
it will be now; if it be not now, yet it will come: the retdi-
ness is all."
Mr. McLANAHAN said: Mr. Speaker, I feel
that it would not be altogether inappropriate for
me, on this solemn occasion, to offer my tribute of
respect to the memory of the dead.
Mr. Kaufman was a native of Cumberland
county, in the State of Pennsylvania—i county '
which I have the honor to represent on this floor.
Although I never enjoyed the pleasure of a per-
sonal acquaintance with him until I met him here,
I felt that I knew him by a reputation which won
the admiration of every Pennsylvanian. The an-
nouncement of his sudden death will cast the
gloom of sorrow over a large circle of attached
relatives and friends at the home of his boyhood,
while it will burst open the deep fountains of grief
in the bosoms of those united by thetenderest ties
j of nature—a brother and a sister. May we not
' be permitted to indulge the hope that this sorrow
will find some mitigation in the profound sympa-
thy felt by every member of this House, and so
appropriately expressed in the resolutions which
have just been offered?
The character and position that Mr. K. attained
at so early an age, while they exhibit his own tal-
ent, energy, industry, and honorable ambition,
; beautifully illustrate the fostering influences of our
' free institutions—inttitutions always proffering ar-
dor to the genius, vigor to the hopes, and success
to the perseverance of every worthy aspirant.
Starting under circumstances rather calculated
to dishearten than encourage, he manfully con-
quered every difficulty, and pressed onward to the
attainment of the noble purposes of his life.
If to hiin
Misfortune came, she brought along
The nobler virtues,
Forego many great, illustrious spirits
Have conversed with woe, and
In her school been taught.
Ar< are enough to consecrate distress,
And make ambition rather seek
Than shim tin' frowns of fortune.
It is, sir, unnecessary for me, after the interest-
ing remarks of his friend and colleague, to enter
into the details of the history of Mr. K.'s life—ft
life, alas! so suddenly closed! What a startling-
warning of the uncertain tenure by which we.
hold it:
'■ Man walks forth a lord of the earth to-day,
To-morrow beholds him a part of its clay."
Mr. McCLERNAND rose and said: Mr.
Speaker, I would not unduly protract this melan-
choly rite, but my feelings prompt me to speak,
I and I trust the House will indulge me while I add
| a few words to what has been already so eloquently
and appropriately said by others. Having known
the deceased from the date of his service in this
body in 1846, to the hour of his death, my op-
; portunities enable me to bear testimony to his high
I merit; and I can truly say, what I feel, that he
; was an amiable and courteous gentleman, a true
