1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
sureties, to the satisftieuon of the Secretary of the Treasury I
for the ftithflil performance of the duties devolved upon
them: >d*d proiidcA, further, That the expense of such
transportation shall b« borne by the Mint.
Sic. 10. And it further enacted, That tha Assistant
Treasurer aforesaid snail, as soon as practicable after the
receipt of the bullion deposited with him under the terms
of this act. forward the same to the Mint of the United
State* a! Philadelphia, through the (gents selected in ac-
cordance with the preceding section; that such bullion shall 1
bp delivered at the Mint, and treated in like manner with
other deposits for coinage ; it shall be entered on the books in
bis name, and a receipt given therefor; it shall be assayed, and
it? value ascertained, and a detailed memorandum thereof be
transmitted by the Treasurer of tfte Mint to the Assistant
Treasurer aforesaid. And it shall thereupon be the duty of the
said Assistant Treasurer to issue his certificate to the depos-
itor of such bullion, for the net amount thereof, as deter-
mined at the Mint, payable at his office, to such depositor
or order, in coins of the same species of bullion with that
deposited. If. however, the depositor shall so request, the
aid Assistant Treasurer may, at his discretion, instead of
the single certificate above authorized, issue several certifi-
cates, i  such convenient sums as shall, in the aggregate,
make up the whole net value of the deposit: Provided,
That no certificate shall be for a less sum than fifty dollars,
and the same discretion as to the issue of certificates is
hereby extended to the Treasurer of the Mint and branch
Mints of the United States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That certificates for
deposits of bullion, issued by the Assistant Treasurer afore-
said, or by the treasurer of the several mints of the United
States, shall be receivable in payment of all debts due to the
United States, for the full sum therein certified to be due.
Sec. 10. ad be it further enacted, Thatas often as the
coins winch are the equivalent of deposits made at the
Mint, as aforesaid, are ready for delivery, it shall be lawful
for the Treasurer of the Mint, upon the order of the said
Assistant Treasurer, and a warrant of the Director of the
Mint, to pay the amoimt to the agent for the transportation,
authorized by the second section of this act, to be by them
safely remitted and delivered to such Assistant Treasurer.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That with the coins
so returned from the Mint, the Assistant Treasurer aforesaid
is authorized and required to pay the value of the deposits
made with him under the terms of this act. And the Sec-
retary of tile Treasury is hereby authorized, also, to permit
the payment of such deposits from any other public money
which" shall be in the custody of said Assistant Treasurer:
Provided, That the funds so employed shall not exceed such
an amount as, in the opinion of said secretary, the state of
the Treasury will prudently admit.
. Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the said As
sistant Treasurer <*hall appoint such clerks as may be
necessary to enable him to conduct the duties made obliga-
tory by this act, to whom there shall be allowed such annual
salaries as he inav determine, not to exceed one thoo^nd
two hundred dollars: Provided, That both the appointment
and the salary of such clerks shall be first approved by the
President of the United States : And provided, further,
That before entering upon their duties they shall become
liound to the United States in the sum of five thousand dol-
lars, with one or more sureties to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, for the faithful performance of
the duties devolved upon them.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That all laws for the
government of the Mint and the officers thereof, in relation
to the receipt, custody, and payment of deposits, and the
settlement of the accounts thereof, are hereby made obliga-
tory upon the said Assistant Treasurer as faras the same
may be applicable.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the sum of six
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated to the use of the
Assistant Treasurer out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be applied to the payment of the
salaries of the clerks herein authorized, to the purchase of
scales suitable for the weighing of bullion and coins, and
for such incidental and contingent expenses as may arise
from the execution of this act; and to the Mint of the United
States at Philadelphia, the further sum of fifteen thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated to defray the expense of the
transportation of bullion and coins between the Mint and
the Assistant Treasurer aforesaid.
Mr. McCLE?k.NAND withdrew his motion.
"Mr. BAYLY sent to the Chair a substitute,
which he desired to have read.
Mr. McLANE rose to a point of order. He
had understood the Chair to state that the Mint
bill was made the special order before the order
was passed appointing the territorial business.
He was now informed that the Chair had replied
the other way.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he had been in-
formed by the Clerk that the Mint bill had pre-
cedence in point of time.
Mr. McLANE (doubtfully heard) said that the
point of order he wished to make was, that the
subsequent order assigning those days for territo- j
rial business, was equivalent to a two-thirds vote ;
to suspend the rules. There could be no day for
territorial business, and the House would have
fiven no force to its order unless it suspended its
rst order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order. :
Under the special direction of the House the Mint '
bill had precedence in point of time, and had been !
under the consideration of the committee, and had i
occupied its time, and if the force of the special
order was to be felt at all in the committee, they
must continue to carry out the design of the ,
House.
Mr. McLANE stated that the point of order he |
submitted to the Chair was ,'that the second vote sus-
pending the rules modified the first order. If the
Chair decided against that point of order, he
would take an appeal, and allow the committee I
to decide. But it seemed to him that the first or-
der was suspended by the two-thirds vote fixing !
particular business for particular days.
The CHAIRMAN. The condition of business,
as the Chair understood it, before the committee, is
this: The House first made, as a special order in the i
business of the committee, the consideration of the I
Mint bill. Posterior to that the territorial bills
were made the special order, and after that the bill
providing for the establishment of the Board of
Accounts was made the. special order. If the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
iVIcLanf.] was correct, the effect would be to re-
verse all the special orders of the House, and to
give a different character to the distribution of
business. It would postpone the two preceding
orders and give precedence to the third, thus re- '
versing the intention of the House. The Chair !
has overruled the point of order offered by the '
gentleman from Maryland,and from that decision
the gentleman from Maryland appeals. The I
question before the committee is, Shall the decis-1
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the j
committee ? |
The question was taken on the appeal,
And the decision of the Chair was sustained by !
the committee. j
The Clerk then read the amendment offered j
by Mr. Bayly. It is as follows:
Be it enacted, 4'c-, That the bars or ingots of gold is-
sued from the assayer's establishment in California by |
by virtue of the act of the thirtieth of September, A. D.
eighteen hundred and fifty, entitled " An act making appro- j
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov- j
ernment for the year ending the thirtieth of June, A. D. [
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and for other purposes,"
shall be received in California and Oregon, for the term of !
five years from the date of the passage of this act, in pay- ;
mentof all Government dues and demands, at the value |
stamped thereon by said assayer. And if any of said bars or |
ingots of gold which shall be formed at said assayer's estab- j
lishment shall be made of less fineness or value than is in- j
dicated by the stamp affixed thereto by said assayer, through
the default, or with the connivance of said assayer, or of [
any of the officers or persons who shall be employed in
such establishment for the purpose of profit or gain, or 1
otherwise, with a fraudulent intent, or if the said assayer
or any of said officers or persons shall embezzle any of the
metal of gold which shall any time be committed to their !
charge, or the charge of any of them, for the purpose of be-
ing formed into bars, or shall embezzle any of the bars of I
i gold stamped by said assayer, the said assayer and every
such officer or person who shall commit any or either of the
said offences, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall,
on conviction thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding |
$10,000, and by imprisonment and confinement to hard
labor not exceeding ten years, according to the aggravation i
of the offence. And if any other person or persons shall I j
falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause^ir procure to be | j
falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aid or as- . i
sist in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting anybar I
or ingot of gold in the resemblance or similitude of the bars [ I
or ingots of gold which shall be formed and stamped under
and by virture of said act, or shall pass, utter, publish, or |
sell or attempt to pass, utter, publish, or sell, or shall bring |
into the United States from any foreign place with intent
te pass, utter, publish, or sell, as true and genuine any such
false, forged, or counterfeit bars or ingots, knowing the samp
to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with the intent to de-
fraud any body, politic or corporate, or any other person <or |,
persons whatsoever, every person so offending shall be
deemed guilty of felony, and shall on conviction thereof be i j
punished by fine not exceeding $5,000, and by imprison-
ment and confinement to hard labor not exceeding ten years, j
according to the aggravation of the offence. ,
Mr. SCHENCK wished to inquire whether the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] offered his ;
substitute as an amendment to the substitute of- ;
fered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania? [Mr.
Chandler.]
The CHAIRMAN said that it was a substitute '
to the substitute of the gentleman from Pennsyl- ; |
vania.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to know whether it
was not in order firsgfr perfect the bill before pro-
ceeding with either oflnese substitutes? The sub-
stitute appeared to him to be a substitute for the
whole bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it would be in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK said he would", then, propose
an amendment to the original bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I believe, Mr. Chairman, that
I am entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman desires
to address the committee he is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BAYLY said: I wish to explain 
Mr. McDONALD said: I rise,Mr. Chairman,
to a point of order; and my point is, that the bill un-
der consideration is a proposition to erect a Mint
in New York, and the gentleman's amendment
has no reference to that proposition.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it would first be
in order to perfect the original bill before proceed-
ing to a vote upon the substitute.
•Mr. BAYLY yielded the floor.
Mr. McDONALD said, if the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had yielded the floor, he
had no point of order to raise.
Mr. BAYLY said, I have backed out right
square. [Laughter.]
The first section of the original bill being under
consideration, it was read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representu
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That a branch of the Mint of the United States
shall be established in the city of New York, for the coin-
age of gold and silver and copper. And for the purpose of
purchasing a site, erecting a suitable building, and comple-
ting the necessary combinations of machinery for the said
branch, the sum of $235,000 is hereby appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to strike out the above
section, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Strike out the first seven sections and insert:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, 4~c., That the Mint of the United
States be, and the same is hereby, ordered to be removed
from the city of Philadelphia to the city of New York. And
for the purpose of effecting this object, the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed, at the earliest practicable day, after a
suitable building shall be erectcd as hereinafter provided in
New York, to cause to be conveyed thither all the bullion,
and all such machinery, dies, and other movable property '
and fixtures in use of, or belonging to, the Mint at Phila-
delphia, as can, in his opinion, be removed and used again
with advantage to the public interest; to make sale of such
of the movable property and fixtures, belonging to said
Mint at Philadelphia as cannot be used again, or moved
without loss to the Government; and to p^y the proceeds •
of such sale, when made, into the Treasury.
Sec. 2. That for purchasing a site, and for the erection of
the necessary buildings for a Mint in New York, and for
providing such additional machinery and -other necessary
accommodations therefor as may be required, tbe sum of
f 200,000 is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
reasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. That all the laws and regulations now in force
for the superintendence and .government of the Mint, and
the appointment or continuance of its officers at Philadel-
phia, shall be and are hereby declared to be applicable to
tne Mint at New York.
Mr. McDONALD submitted, as a point of or-
der, that what purported to be an amendment, of-
fered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
was, in point of fact, a substitute for the whole
bill, and that it could not now be acted on, as thpre
was one substitute already pending.
The CHAIRMAN was of opinion that, for the
reason suggested by the gentleman from Indiana,
and perhaps for additional reasons that had here-
toforejjeen considered by the committee, the amend-
ment was out of order. The purpose of the bill
under consideration was the establishment of
Mints in New York and in California. The pur-
pose of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
was the destruction of a Mint in Philadelphia.
The Chair has heretofore decided that an amend-
ment to be in order to this bill, must relate to thje
details of the bill, and that it was not in order for
the committee either to consider the erection of
new Mints elsewhere or the destruction of an old
Mint.
Mr. SCHENCK was proceeding to address the
Chair, when
Mr. McDONALD inquired whether an appeal
had been taken from the decision of the Chair ?
And if so, whether the appeal was debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN said that no appeal had been
taken.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of
the Chair. He did not wish to argue the appeal.
He knew that would not be in order, but he wished
the committee to understand what he proposed by
removing the Mint from Philadelphia to New
York.
The CHAIRMAN here called the honorable
member to order. The appeal was not deba-
table.
Mr. SCHENCK askedfor tellers on the appeal.
Mr. BURT inquired if the committee did not
on a previous occasion acquiesce in a similar de-
cision ? [Laughter.]
The C H AIRMAN had so understood it. Never-
theless, it was in order to try the question again.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK desired
to inquire if it wa 
