414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
IVlllg  V1 VHV UVUl tUllO Ul W1V V/1IU41 )
laugh.] He would move that the appropriation
' $225,000 be amended by inserting in lieu thereof
not generally known that a large majority Of the
committee did not concur in that decision, but that
they had not an opportunity of being heard, one
way or the other. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can satisfy
himself on that point from the best information he
can derive. [Renewed laughter.]
Tellers were ordered on the appeal, and Messrs.
Fowler and Richardson were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported 77 in the affirmative, and 44 in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr. BROOKS inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order to offer an amendment to the
effect, that on or after the 1st day of January, 1853,
the machinery of the Mint in Philadelphia should
be removed to New York—the machinery, not the
Mint?
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
would not be in order. t
Mr. BROOKS said, that he would'not appeal,
having great respect for the decisions of the Chair,
la'
of
#500,000.
The CHAIRMAN inquired if it was an amend-
ment to the second section of the bill?
Mr. BROOKS replied that it was not. It was
an amendment to the first section of the bill, in the
eighth line.
Mr. B. then said: I make this merely as a pro
forma amendment, with no desire to have that
amount appropriated, but for the purpose of re-
plying to the exaggerated statements and remarks
which the gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr.
Chandler] has made with reference to the Mint,
and the appropriations which have been made in
the city of New York. After exaggerating the
• probable coftf of a Mint in New York to the amount
of $2,000,000, he entered into an exaggerated a«-
count of the appropriations which have been made
in the city of .New York by the Federal Govern-
ment, which he brings to upwards of seven mil-
lions of dollars. The object of that sort of argu-
ment I fully appreciate. It would be just as dig-
nified and appropriate for me to revive the whole
history of the United States Bank, and to attempt
to create a prejudice against the city of Philadelphia
on that account. But I shall enter into no such
argument. The appropriations which have been
made in the city of New York have been made
there for the reason that it is ttye great export and
import city on this continent. It is there, to a
great extent, that your Navy is fitted out for for-
eign voyages. It is there that disbursements are
made for contracts in Ohio, Indiana, and other
States for beef and'pork supplied for the Navy,
and for all other large expenditures. But the
money is intended for the people of the agricultural
parts of the country who furnish the timber to
build the ships, and the provisions to stock them,
and a variety of other things, and New York is
only the paying place.
Exchange being better at New York than at any
other place in the country, it is the object of con-
tractors in all parts of the Union to receive their
money in the city of New York. A person at Indi-
anapolis, who makes a contract there, desires to
receive payment in New York; because the money
is worth half or one per cent, more thertf than else-
where. Hence it is that the appropriations have
so swollen up in the city of New York—not be-
cause they are for the benefit of New York, but
because New York is the great place for disburse-
ments.
The gentleman refers also to our mail steamers.
Well, sir, these steamers would exist and did ex-
ist without any appropriations from Government.
But the reason why the Government employs our
steamers is, that we can contract with the Gov-
ernment to carry the mails fifty or one hundred
per cent, cheaper than a like contract can be made
in any other part of the country. These mail lines
do not bring the specie there. The specie came
long before the mail routes were established from
all parts of the world, and would continue to come,
bo matter where the mail steamers might be di-
rected by the United States Government, because
gold has a higher value and is worth more than in
any other part of the country. It is on that ac-
count that the city of New York, or the people of
New York are able to carry the mails fifty or one
hundred per cent, cheaper than any other port. If
the contracts which now exist there were given to
Philadelphia, they would have to charge fifty or
one hundred per cent, more to do the same work.
Because, sir, the commerce whi<!h goes to New
York constitutes the great aggregate of the in-
come of these steamers, and not the paltry sum
which Government pays for the conveyance of
the mails.
The attempt of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to create, this prejudice against New York is
therefore unworthy. I might as well declaim
against the navy-yard and breakwater at Phila-
delphia. But I have entered into no search of the
public documents to show how large have been
the appropriations spent in Philadelphia.
[Here the hammer fell, the five minutes allowed
the honorable gentleman under the rule having ex-
pired.]
Mr. CHANDLER said: I rise to oppose this
amendment, because I find involved in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, a mis-
statement or a false impression I wish to correct.
1 congratulate the people of New York on the
assumed fact, that New York is able to carry the
mails one hundred per cent, cheaper than Phila-
delphia. I do not wish, particularly, to dwell
on this assertion, but to say a few words in
relation to the statements that have been made
in reference to the cost of the Mint at Philadel-
phia. "When the Mint in that city was removed
from Seventh street to Chestnut street, the ma-
chinery that was removed was worth #240,000.
And now thfit the Mint has been established in
Chestnut street, reports of the Secretary of the
Treasury show that year after year $150,000 have
been expended in addition, to add to the efficiency
and extent of the machinery of the Mint. The
reports of the expense of the Mint year by year,
do not show this expense. Now, in quoting^the
expenses of the Mint at Philadelphia, the cost of
the machinery has not been taken into account.
Notwithstanding the amount of money that has
been expended in this way, more expenditure
will possibly be necessary to the completion of
the machinery. In calculating the cost of build-
ing a Mint in New York, these things ought to be
taken into account, both in regard to the estimates
that have been made by friends of the bill, as to
the expenses of the Mint in Philadelphia, and the
firobable cost of establishing one in New York,
t is possible, that even should it be the fact that
New York can afford to carry the mails at one
hundred per cent. less than Philadelphia, still she
may not be able to build a Mint for one cent less
money; and it may yet be a question whether
Government should transfer these Mint appropria-
tions 
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out " $500,000 " and
inserting " $260,000 " in heu thereof.
Mr. K. said: The only object I have in view in
addressing the committee is to say, that so far as
I am able to judge, it is much better that tfris ques-
tion, being as well understood as, in my opinion,
it is likely to be, should be put to the committee
to determine in this form whether the interests of
the country will not be advanced by the establish-
ment of a Branch Mint in New-York. I am sure
that if gentlemen will give their consideration to
what I have to state upon this subject, they will
see that it is an important question, whether
the people shall be taxed to maintain a Mint in
the city of Philadelphia, where it ought not to be-
long, or whether it would not be rather better that,
by remitting so much of that tax as would be col-
lected in a few years, be enabled to place a Mint
in New York of sufficient importance and capaci-
ty to do the work of the country; and, my word
for it, whatever the appearances now are, the true
question is, Shall the nation pay this tax or not ?
We are now in the midst m an influx of gold in
this country, and no man can tell to what extent
that influx will go. Whether the Mint in Phila-
delphia be sufficient or not for the coinage of all
this gold, is not the question. The question is,
whether the country shall be taxed to carry gold
from the place at which it arrives to the place
where it is to be coined, a distance of ninety miles,
at an expense to the nation, four years'accumu-
lation of which would pay for a new Mint of per-
fection and capacity in the city of New York.
This is to me the simple question: Whether a
Mint offering all the conveniences, that are appli-
! cable to such a case, can be established or not?
That is the question before us. Every ounce of
^gold, instead of being carried from its landin°--place
I fFom the place of its reception, would be pFaced in
the coffers of the Mint in New York, in the care of
the United States, free from all risk, free from all
danger of loss, and all danger of delay, whilst at
the same time all expense would be avoided. I
therefore submit to the House whether it would
not be better .to take the question at once upon
i the amendment proposed—to see whether the
; House is in favor of taxing the nation to support
I a Mint in the city of Philadelphia, or whether it is
i m favor of employing a portion of that money in
| building a Mint in the city of New York.
I Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to say a few words
in reference 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the debate
is taking a wide latitude, and that it is only proper
to address the House within purview of the amend-
ment. The gentleman from Pennsylvania having
occupied the time of the committee upon this sub-
ject, the question is now upon the amendment of
the gentleman from New York; and it will be only
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania to address
the House against striking out $500,000, and in-
serting $260,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall confine my re-
marks particularly to that portion of the gentle-
man's observations in reference to the expense of
cirrying the gold. I repeat, sir, what I have said
. before, that I am acquainted with a respectable
house, to which I have already alluded, that is
now willing to be at any time ready to carry from'
twenty to thirty millions of dollars of bullion for
the Government, between the cities of Philadel-
phia and New York, for the sum of $15,000.
Mr. PHCENIX inquired whether any further
amendment was in order?
The CHAIRMAN said that no further amend-
ment was in order.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
King] to the amendment of the gentleman from
N#v York, [Mr. Brooks,] and decided in the
negative.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
which was taken and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was lost.
Mr. MORSE moved to amend the bill by striking
$225,000 out of the first section and inserting
$1,000,000, if it was in order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was in order.
Mr. MORSE said: I simply wish to express
my opinions in relation to this question, the dis-
cussion of which seems to me almost entirely to
be confined to the members from the cities of New
York and Pennsylvania. We have had some very
interesting discussions as to the merits of these
two great commercial emporiums, of which every
American is justly proud. I now merely desire
to give the reasons why I offer my amendment, to
appropriate $1,000,000, if that sum be necessary,
to establish a Mint in a place where the commerce
of the country indicates that it Should be estab-
lished, from the fact that the bullion arrives there.
And when I see gentlemen opposing this proposi-
tion—when I see gentleman from Philadelphia
placing themselves in hostility to it, I desire sim-
ply to say to them, that in thus resisting the
wants of the commerce of this country, they are
doing that which is diametrically opposed to the
interests of the whole country.
New York has a right to expect, along with
other portions of the United States, that all its bul-
lion snail be coined as soon as practicable, after
touching our shores, whether imported from the
Pacific coast, or from foreign nations. I say to
those gentlemen from Pennsylvania who oppose
this bill—and I say it in all frankness—that if they
persist in resisting the natural indications of
the wants of the commerce of the country that
there shall be a Mint in New York, it will have
such an effect that it may lead to the abolition of
the Mint in Philadelphia altogether. I venerate
all time-honored things. I respect the good old
State of Pennsylvania, for it is a fine Democratic
State. I am willing to concede all that the inter-
ests of the Union will allow, to the State of Penn-
sylvania; but if she uses her influence to prevent
the establishment of Mints in places more suited
for such institutions than herself, I should feel it
