1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
to be & duty to vote for abolishing her Mint. We
ought to place our Mints where they are most I
required. We should place one in New Orleans, ,
to coin all the Mexican silver that flows in there,
and the gold imported from California and else- '
where. I say, should a proposition to that effect be j
introduced, I should feel it to be my duty to
rote for the abolition of the Mints in Penn sylvania, i
in North Carolina, and in Georgia, where the exi- ,
gencies of the country do not require them. :
It is not for our Government to aid in monopo-
lies of money, or, as somecountries do, of tobacco, '
&c. It is the duty of this Government to exercise
its power in such a manner as will be least oner-
ous to the commercial interests of the country. It
is the duty of Government to provide for the coin- '
age of its bullion in such places as the largest
amounts arrive. A Government has no right to
tax the people, and cause loss of time and interest
to owners of bullion from rendering it necessary
to carry the bullion a distance to be coined. If
the Mint at Philadelphia cannot coin the bullion
of the country without this delay and expense,
and if an additional expenditure must be made for
the purpose of rendering the Mint more efficient,
let this additional expenditure be made in estab-
lishing a Mint at New York. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] tells us that
an additional appropriation is required that ought
to be given to the Philadelphia Mint.
I expect that, if this opposition is persisted in,
it may lead to the abolition of the Mint at Phila-
delphia altogether. I am willing that a portion of
the gold shall be continued to be coined at Phila-
delphia,- but that the appropriations are to be
solely expended there, and that the country at
l^rge should be taxed to support such a Mint es- .
tablished in the wrong place, I cannot consent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I propose to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Morse,] in which he fixes the sum
at one million of dollars. That sum is unneces-
sarily large to carry out the object proposed by
that gentleman. I entirely concur in that object,
that is, that the Mint of the United States should
be established in the city of New York. I do not
think it admits of doubt, as an original question,
that the Mint of the United States should be es-
tablished in the city of New York in preference
to any other city of the Union. The sum of!
$250,000 is perhaps sufficient for such purpose. It
would be necessary in the bill to provide that the
time should be fixed at which the Mint should go i
into operation in the city of New York. The sum !
of $250,000, I think, would be sufficient for the '
purchase of a lot and the partial erection of a
building. But I cannot consent, in disposing of
this question, to go into this controversy between
the cities of Philadelphia and New York, as to |
how many thousand dollars the Mint will cost in ;
this or that place. I have no doubt that the estab- '
lishment of the Mint in Philadelphia cost one mil- 1
lion of dollars before it was fully established in
that city. I offer, as an amendment to the ques- '
tion now pending, to strike out the words '' branch
of," in the third line of the first section of the bill. '
The effect of this amendment will be to establish :
the Mint of the United States in the city of New !|
York. The amendments which will be necessary i
to be made in the other sections of the bill will be ■ [
very immaterial and easily reached.
There is no immediate necessity of raising this j
amount, because the sum of money is too large for ;,
present expenditure, and because the gentleman ] I
from New York, [Mr. Phcenix,] a man of great !
experience, has pledged himself that a quarter of >i
a million of dollars is enough to build a Mint. I ,1
shall oppose the motion to raise the sum to one !j
million, but I move to strike out the words "branch ■
of." The force and effect of this first section will I1
be to transfer the United States Mint to the city ;
of New York, if this motion prevails.
Now, sir, reference has been made by gentle- 1
men who have spoken, to the other cities of the ,i
Union. An appeal has been made to the com-1
mercial interests of these cities, to resist the ag-1,
grandizement of the city of New York. Such ap-
peals are made to have an effect upon the decision
of this question. With me they have very little.
This question is a large commercial question, far
above any rivalry between this or that city.
A merchant of the city of Baltimore now pays ,
one and« half per cent, at this present time on
bullion which he is obliged to insure and transport
to Philadelphia. This ne would not pay if the
Mint was established in New York, where he
could at once treat his bullion as money, imme-
diately on its arrival in New York, and realize it
at once as so much money in New York, while
in Philadelphia it would be dead capital until after
coinage.
Mr. CHANDLER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] suppose that Baltimore
is nearer New York than it is to Philadelphia?
Mr. McLANE. The difference is this: that
when bullion arrives in New York it would be
carried without any additional expense and insur-
ance, or any cost of transportation. Now, sir, if
bullion is shipped to Philadelphia, the insurance
must be paid and the charge for transportation
must be also paid, an amount, I believe, of one
half per cent., not to speak of the loss of interest;
for in New York, where his business connections
would exist, his bullion, as has just been remarked
on, would be money—while in Philadelphia,
where he would have no trade or business con-
nections, his bullion would be dead capital until
coined and transmitted to Baltimore. It was this
very difference between a • commercial emporium
and an interior manufacturing city, that made the
propriety of transferring the Mint establishment
of the United States to New York. This transfer
of the Mint to New York would dispense with
all branches elsewhere, except, perhaps, in New
Orleans, and this transfer he was ready to make.
But he was unwilling to vote branch after branch,
leaving the principal Mint in Philadelphia. He
deemed this an unstatesmanlike mode of dealing
with the question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
, Mr. McCLERNAND. What is the state of
. the case ?
i The CHAIRMAN. It is in order now to
I amend the amendment of- the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] which is a proposition
to provide $1,000,000 for the establishment of a
; Branch Mint in New York.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I propose to amend
j the amendment by changing it to $900,000.
Mr. Chairman, I represent a section of the coun-
i try somewhat remote from Philadelphia or New
York. I believe, if I understand my own feel-
' ings on this subject, I stand impartially between
; these two cities as to the question of a location of
the Mint. If I have come to any conclusion upon
the subject, it has not been from the arguments
j which nave been arrayed here pro and con in re-
i gard to this measure. I had occasion some few
years ago to investigate this subject. From read-
ing the reports which had been submitted by the
Secretariesof the Treasury at differ^it periods, and
from the grounds taken by the President upon this
subject at the time this matter was discussed be-
fore, I became convinced that the public interests
required a Branch Mint to be established at New
York. I must say, in justice to the gentlemen
who have participated in this debate, that the
opinion which I then entertained has been con-
firmed by the weight of argument which has been
employed by those in favor of the establishment
of a Mint at New York. It has been objected,
however, by one or two gentlemen, that the con-
dition of the Treasury at this time is unfavorable
for the appropriation of such a sum of money as
may be necessary to establish a Mint at New
York. This argument is repeated by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Baylt,] the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I submit
whether it is fair to visit upon the project of a
Mint at New York the responsibilities and all the
extravagant expenditures which may be incurred
in consequence of other appropriations which have j
been made in former years ?
I submit whether ather appropriations have-been .
made of more advajfcge to the country than this
will be. I think there can be no doubt upon this
point. I might answer my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] by referring to the action of Congress
a few years ago, in the appropriation of a sum of ,
money for the establishment of a custom-house at
Cincinnati. I doubt very much whether that ap-
propriation was required, and whether the ■con-
dition of the public Treasury was as favorable then 1
as now for an appropriation of such a character.
I doubt very much whether the receipts of cus-
toms at Cincinnati will ever pay the cost of the
custom-house in that city. My friend from Vir- ,
ginia [Mr. Bayly] says that the Committee of
Ways and Means decided against this appropria-
tion upon one single ground, that the time was in-
; opportune.
I I ask if it has always been inopportune—was it
' so at the last session? If so, why was an appro-
priation recommended at a former period ? Sir, it
has been shown by the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. King,] that this measure is one of econ-
omy, and not one of extravagance. It has been
shown by him, that the public money will be saved
in the erection of a Mint at New York, and there-
fore the argument that it will cost the Treasury
an expenditure of the public money falls to the
ground. Such a measure as is contemplated here
combines, perhaps, both these principles, that it
will economise the public expenditures, and save
the money of the people, without which 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SACKETT said, he was opposed to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois;
i but he rose mainly to state the reasons why there
should be a Branch Mint established in New York.
The price of currency, like everything else,
depends on its supply and cost of production.
Now, sir, the cost of producing coin is made up
of various items; and among them, in this coun-
try, is the cost of sending the bullion and gold
dust out of the way—sending it a hundred miles
from where it reaches the country, to have it
coined into money. Gentlemen representing va-
rious commercial points in the country have shown
that this expense is at least one per cent, on all the
coinage of the country. This, at *50,000,000,
| would be $500,000. According to the argument
of certain gentlemen, we are to continue this tax—
, are to continue to thus increase the cost of cur-
| rency—to enable the city of Philadelphia to con-
! tinue the monopoly she now holds of the national
| coinage. What increases the cost of coin dimin-
ishes in the same degree the price of the other
' productions of the country. If we add one cent to
the cost of a dollar, we take one cent from the
, amount of wheat and cotton that would otherwise
I bring a dollar. This is a plain proposition—one
to which I invite the attention of the committee.
| Shall we compel the people to pay this hundred
i and one cents, in their produce at ninety-nine
cents, when, by judicious legislation, we can bring
cash to its par value ?
The distinguished gentleman representing Phil-
adelphia has told us that gold landing in New
York, can be transported to the former city for
$15,000 a year. This I deny; and I think so ex-
traordinary a proposition has been before fully
answered. But, if true, it presents no proper
statement of the case. Let us look at it in a prac-
tical point of view: A citizen lands in New York
with $2,500 worth of gold. He wants it coined.
He finds he cannot do so without going to Phila-
delphia, or submitting to brokerage—to a com-
mission for an agent to do his business for him.
This is a practical case. I doubt whether there is
a single member of the committee who does not
believe it will cost such individual $25 to get his
dust reduced to money. How is this made up ?
Why, say twenty-five days' time, his expense
waiting, cost of himself or agent, or insurance,
and cost of transporting the gold to Philadelphia.
Now, sir, here is a true presentation of the whole
questioif. Shall this expense be continued or
stopped ? We may relieve the country of it. If
we continue it, we do so to support this monop-
oly; we do so against the laws of trade—against
the well-known business demands of the country.
I am for the passage of this bill.
Practically, we might as well place the custom-
house of New York (where near thirty millions of
the revenues of the country are paid) in Philadel-
phia, as the Mint. I will admit such an arrange-
ment would be expensive and ridiculous; but, to
my mind, no more so than to have the Mint where
it is. It may be more absurd in degree, but it is
no more a violation of sound principles.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, wished to submit
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was not in
order to offer an amendment, as there was an
amendment to the amendment now pending.
Mr. McLANE asked leave to specify the nature
of the remarks which he designed offering.
The CHAIRMAN thinks they cannot be in-
dulged in without the unanimous consent of the
committee.
