416
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. McClernand to tne amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK wished to move an amendment
to the amendment, if it was in order.
The CHAIRMAN said, it would now be in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK then moved to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Morse,] by striking out " one million dollars,"
and inserting " one dollar."
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, this discussion has
thus far been carried on in the form of a contro-
versy between the cities of New York and Phila-
delphia. Now, I have never yet had the pleasure
of residing in either of those cities 
Mr. JONES (interposing) rose to a question
of order, and said: The rules of the committee
allow each member five minutes' time, in explana-
nation of his amendment. The general debate on
this bill has been closed by order of the House.
Now, upon a motion to fix the amount required
to be appropriated to erecting: a building for a Mint
in New York, I hold that it is not in order to
go into any general debate as to the policy of es-
tablishing a Mint at New York or Philadelphia.
The rules of the committee require that gentlemen
shall confine themselves strictly to the amendment
pending.
The CHAIRMAN.  The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed in order.
Mr. SCHENCK (resuming) said, the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] must be very
wise to know what my remarks were going to be
when I had not finished the first sentence.
But I was proceeding to say, my amendment
proposes to reduce the amount to be appropriated
for the establishment of a Branch Mint in the city
of New York from one million to one dollar. Now,
everybody knows that that sum will not be suffi-
ciently large to establish a Mint; my reason for
making this motion is, for the purpose of saying a
few words in relation to this controversy. It has
thus far been regarded in the light of a controversy
between the cities of New York and Philadelphia.
I will say that I do not regard this question in this
light. It is one in which the whole country is in-
terested , one in which every section of the country
is interested, and my constituents among the rest;
and I wish it so to be regarded in this House.
I believe we have already three or four more
Branch Mints than the interests of the country re-
quire, and I am'opposed to multiplyingthem further.
Where is the necessity of establishing any more
Branch'Mints ? Why, the whole kingdom of Great
Britain, I believe, has but one Mint, which does
the work of coinage for the whole kingdom. Prance,
which has a larger specie currency than any coun-
try on the face of the globe, has but one single
Mint, and yet we have already four and are now
talking of establishing new ones. I do not see any
necessity for this. I do not see the necessity of
our establishing half a dozen Mints while other
countries, having a larget specie circulation than
ours, need but one.
If you wish to establish a uniform specie cur-
rency in the country, and if the means for coin-
age are not sufficient to meet the wants of the
country, then increase the capacity of the.United
States Mint sufficiently to meet the wants of the
country, instead of increasing the number of the
Branch Mints.
This question has become one of mere popu-
larity. There seems be a general scramble to get
a Mint jotted down in every city, in every village
in the country. You might as well apply the
principle to the General Post Office, and establish
a General Post Office on all the great post office
lines in the country, whenever the people living on
those lines thought they needed one. Now, it
seems to me, that instead of extending the lium-.
ber of Branch Mints in the country, we should
curtail them. We have already a Branch Mint at
New Orleans, one at Charlotte, in North Carolina,
and another in Dahlonega, in Georgia, besides the
Mint in Philadelphia. Now it is proposed to es-
tablish two more, at New York and California,
making, actually, six Mints in the United States,,
when we have no need of but one.
Now, sir, I submit, that if this Mint is estab-
lished, it ought to be established in New York. I
believe the best thing we can do would be to trans-
fer the Mint from Philadelphia to New York, and
I intend, if the opportunity offers before this sub-
ject is disposed of, to move that it be so trans-
ferred.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHCENIX. On Friday last 
Mr. CHANDLER, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman must confine his remarks to the amend-
ment.
Mr. PHCENIX. I will then say, sir, that I am op-
fiosed to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
Mr. Schenck .] His amendment embraces a much
larger sum than will be required for the construc-
tion of the Mint in New York. 1 decidedly prefer
the bill as it came from the Senate. I now beg
leave to avail myself of this occasion to make an
explanation, to sustain the remarks made by me
in debate on Friday last.
The CHAIRMAN. This can enly be done by
unanimous consent.
There being no objection,
Mr. PHCENIX continued: On Friday morning
while the Mint bill was under discussion, I then
stated that the interest on the #5,000,000, loaned by
the Government to the Mint at Philadelphia to
enable it to repay the depositor of coin at an earlier
day than it had been before accustomed to do, was,
at the rate of six per cent., a charge upon the
country of $300,000 annually, to sustain the Mint
in Philadelphia, in addition to the cost of
transportation, insurance, and loss of time on
$33,000,000, estimated at three-fourths of one per
cent., amounting to $267,500,000, making to-
gether $547,500. It was said in reply, that this
$5,000,000 was only in the Sub-Treasury, and
subject at any time to a call of the Department,
the Director of the Mint being the Assistant
Treasurer at Philadelphia.
To sustain my declarations, Mr. Chairman, I
will state that I have before me the report of the
Assistant Treasurer at Philadelphia. He says,
there was in the Treasury on the 31st December,
1850, $446,921 39, taking no notice whatever of
the $4,880,000, deposited by the Government with
the Director of the Mint to enable him to return
more promptly the coin to depositors for their
bullion.
On the subject of the cost of transportation, in-
surance, and loss of time, I have before me also a
statement, showing that on the 9th of March, one
of the first houses in New York received in bullion
from California, $111,059 88; it was immediately
transmitted to Philadelphia, and returned to New
York on the 5th of April. The expense attend-
ing this transaction was one fourth per cent, on
$111,059 88 $278 34
Interest for loss of time  348 61
Making   $625 95
for no reason whatever, except the location of the
Mint; every dollar of which would have been
saved had a Branch been established in the city of
New York.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, to strike out " one mil-
, lion," and insert " one dollar," and decided in the
negative, without a division.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I now move to
add to the amendment of the gentleman from Loui-
siana, the following:
" Provided, That the Mint of the United States shall be
removed from the city of Philadelphia to the city of New
York, but that such transfer shall not take effect until the
building and machinery of the Mint are complete."
The CHAIRMAN said, the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Maryland to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Louisiana could not
be entertained without overriding the decision
which the committee have already sustained.
Mr. McLANE thought thMChair did not un-
derstand the effect of his'ar^ffidment. It sim-
ply moved that the JV/tnt of the United States, so
far as the legal idea of the existence of the Mint
was concerned, should be established in the city of
New York.
The CHAIRMAN directed the amendment to
be reported.
The amendment was again reported.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order for the same reasons
he has already given. The bill before the com-
mittee provides for the establishment of a Branch
Mint in the city of New York, and a Branch Mint
in California. The amendment to the amendment
contemplates the destruction of the Mint in Phila-
adelphia by its removal to New York. The Chair
understands the Mint at Philadelphia to have been
established by an act of Congress, and the act
locating the Mint at Philadelphia to be a part of
the law; and the effect of this amendment, there-
fore, must be to repeal that law, and therefore can-
not be in order as an amendment to the bill. Does
the gentleman from Maryland appeal ?
Mr. McLANE. Not at present.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is open
to amendment.
Mr. McLANE stated an amendment verbally,
to be inserted after the word " Mint" in the first
section, providing that the legal existence of the
Mint of the United States shall be in the city of
New York.
The CHAIRMAN asked the gentleman from
Maryland to reduce his amendment to writing.
| Mr. McLANE said he had nothing to propose,
| unless the Chair was disposed to entertain some
j amendment. He did not wish to submit his
! amendment to writing unless there was some hope
! of its being entertained.
j The CHAIRMAN said he was not willing to
i trespass on the time of the committee by arguing
! that point with the gentleman.
| Mr. McLANE withdrew his amendment.
: I The question was then taken on the amandment
! of Mr. Morse, and decided in the negative.
Mr. SCHENCK said: While I was proceeding
to address the committee when I was last up, the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] cut me
off by raising a point of order, and the Chair will
recollect he aid not allow me time to explain.
I now move to strike out the first section of the
bill altogether. [The first section is published in
a preceding column.]
Mr. S. said: The Chair, I recollect, once on a
former occasion entertained an amendment to
strike out the Branch Mint in California.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio move any amendment ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. I move to strike
out the first section of the bill altogether. I re-
marked that the Chair entertained an amendment
on a former occasion very similar to the one I of-
fered here this morning, to remove the United
States Mint from Philadelphia to New York,
which seemed to be out of order. I have nothing
to say in relation to this decision. I only hope
the reporters will notice this fact which I have
mentioned. This is all the revenge I want on the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. It was the committee
which decided the gentleman's amendment out of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely. And this is the
only revenge I want. I have now moved to strike
out the first section of the bill, and if it will not
operate to transfer* the Mint from Philadelphia to
New York, it will, at least, enable me to submit
another reason or two why a Branch Mint ought
not to be established in New York. I was re-
; marking, when I was up before, that a disposition
is manifest throughout the country to popularize
everything. Instead of increasing the force in
the United States Mint at Philadelphia, when we
find its capacity is not sufficient to meet the wants
of the country, we are, as it were, making new
I ■ Mints in all parts of the country. This Califor-
nia gold excitement is not the first gold fever we
1 have had in this country. You remember when
gold was first found in North Carolina and Geor-
gia, the country was all alive with excitement in
relation to it. It was thought absolutely neces-
sary that there should be a Branch Mint estab-
lished in each of those States forthwith, and they
were jotted down one at Charlotte and the other
at Dahlonega, though I do not know whether the
1 latter place was ever known as a village before.
I Well, the Mints at those places made some progress
in coining at first, until it was found that every
dollar coined at those places cost the Government
I febout a dollar and a half. Since then they have
| fallen off, so that their existence at present is only
nominal. Now, would it not have been better to
have increased the capacity of the Mint at Phila-
delphia, to have put in more machinery, and made
it capable of meeting the demand of increased cir-
| culation ? And now at this present time, instead
' of increasing the number of Branch Mints, would
it not be more advisable to increase the efficiency
