THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS ftl 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Conqress, 2d Sersion.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1851.
New Series No. 37.
of the Mint in Philadelphia ? This is precisely the
purpose for which I made a proposition, and
which I conceived to be in order; but, if I can-
not accomplish that object at present, I shall op-
pose the establishment of a Branch Mint in New
York.
I believe the good sense of the people will, in
time, see the propriety of having but one Mint,
and I think that Mint ought to be in New York;
but I do not wish to see a branch of the Philadel-
phia Mint established there. I do not think it ad-
visable that the Mint in Philadelphia should put
feelers and tenders through all the different sec-
tions of the Union. It seems to me entirely un-
necessary. It would much better subserve the
interests of the country by concentrating a force
sufficient at one point to meet the increased circu-
lation in the country.
i have been led to make these remarks, because
I do not think this is a question between New York
and Philadelphia alone, but it is a question in which
the whole country is interested, and we ought not to
regard it as a controversy between those two cities,
in which the rest of us feel about as much interest
as the woman did in the fight between her husband
and the bear.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GORMAN said: Mr. Chairman, the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
to strike out the first section of the bill, I regard
as a test upon the point at issue as to whether
we will establish a Branch Mint in New York;
for if the first section is stricken out, the whole
bill, or at least the object of the whole bill, must
necessarily be defeated. My object in taking the
floor is not to make a speech, but to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the effect of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, which, as I
said, will be to bring the committee to a direct vote
upon the bill itself.
For myself, I am opposed to the establishment
of a Branch Mint in New York, California, or any
other place so long as the finances of the country
remain in their present condition. I suppose this
question has been debated sufficiently to be well
understood; I therefore ask for tellers upon the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS said: Before the vote is taken
upon this question I wish to submit theamendment
which I have sent to the Chair, to come in at the
end of the first section of the bill proposed to be
stricken out.
It was read, as follows:
And that until the New York Mint is in action and use,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall make a contract
with some competent party at a security of not less than
£50,000,000, for the transfer of gold and silver to and from
the Mint of Philadelphia, for which not over i$250,000 shall
be paid. 0
Mr. B. continued. My object, Mr. Chairman,
in proposing that amendment is in order to reply
to the argument of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thompson] representing the Erie
district, that a ton of gold can be transported as
cheaply from New York to Philadelphia as a ton
of iron; and also to the argument of another gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] that
an express company would transport the gold to j
and from New York to Philadelphia for the sum J
of 415,000 per annum. I
The argument of the gentleman from the Erie
district [Mr. Thompson] is hardly worth replying
to. A ton of gold cannot be transported as cheaply
as a ton of iron. It is absurd; the argument an-
swers itself. You might as well undertake to
carry human beings according to their weight—to
tumble men, women, and children on to the scales .
to be weighed, and then transport them by the ton
as so much bacon. It would be just as consistent
to talk of persons being charged at dinner or sup-
per by their size. There is no weight in the argu-
ment whatever. Nor is there any more weight in
the argument of the gentleman from Philadelphia,
[Mr. Chandler,] that an express company will,
for the consideration of $15,000, undertake to ,
transport and insure from thirty to fifty millions \
of dollars to and from New York and Philadel-1
27
phia. I would like to see the mem who would un-
dertake to insure that amount of money; and I
would like to see the man who would undertake to
insure him. Suppose half a million dollars were
lost, who would pay it ? The Government. If
there is any loss whatever, you may be assured
the Government will have to pay it in the end.
But again: What right has the Government to
contract for carrying gold from New York to Phil-
adelphia!1 She has no more right than she has to
contract for carrying corn or flour, or any other
article of merchandise. It is the business of the
Government to coin money at the proper place,
but it has no right to exercise its powers of sov-
ereignty in contracting with an Express Company
to transport $50,000,000 belonging to the people
of this country, from one part of the country to
another, or from one city to another; nor is it
right to make them pay a quarter of a million of
dollars for transporting that gold to and from New
York to Philadelphia. A quarter of a million is
as little as the cost of transportation can be esti-
mated at. No company will undertake to carry it
for $15,000, and provide parties for its insurance.
The Government will stand behind, and if half a
million is lost, the Government will have to sus-
tain the loss. It is said the Express Company
lost a sum of money the other day in coming from
Philadelphia to Baltimore, amounting to $10,000,
only a few hundred of which have been found.
But what is this compared to from thirty to fifty
millions per year? You might just as well under- ,
take to transport human beings by railroad accord-
ing to their weight, or to charge for their dinners
and suppers according to the latitude and longitude
of each individual, as to talk of the inhabitants of
these two cities, one numbering 700,000, and the
other near 500,000 inhabitants, transporting 
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, opposed the bill,
because of the great public debt and the indispens-
able necessity of husbanding all the resources of
Government by avoiding every expenditure not
imperatively demanded by the necessities of the
country. In reply to the argument that the Mint
should be in New York because the greatest im-
port of specie was at that point, he instanced that
the situation of all the foreign Mints was at a dis-
tance from the place of importation of the specie,
which was, he maintained, not a disadvantage
when the Mint was situated near the centre of
population to which the coinage was to be distrib-
uted.
He also adverted to the exaggerated statements
as to the cost of transporting specie upon the rail-
roads; and entered into some extended computa-
tion as to what the cost ought to be, including
the risk of loss with the expense of carriage, to
refute the arguments advanced on this point.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment oftered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
to strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, inquired if it was
in order to propose an amendment?
The CHAIR said it was in order.
Mr. KINGthen moved to amend the amendment
by striking out from the first line the words '' branch
°r"
Mr. Chairman, I wish to lay before the commit-
tee a few suggestions which have occured to me,
from the remarks recently made. The last gentle-
man, who addressed the committee [Mr. Evans]
compared the country to Austria and France in
regard to the location of their Mints. If he had
shown that there were any ports in those countries
to which the gold passed in such great quantities
as that which comes to New York, he might have
fiven some effect to his remarks. As they are,
is argument that these Mints are at a distance
from the ports where the gold arrives fall to the
ground.
I was surprised by the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who compared,
by way of illustratipn, the city of New York to
the places where Mints have been established in
Georgia and North Carolina. In supposing that
a Branch Mint in New York might in time be-
come similar to these Mints, the gentleman has
done New York great injustice certainly, and to
the principles ana laws which regulate commerce.
The difficulty is, that we cannot bring this com-
mittee, as I think, to a single point. We do not
say that the Mint at Philadelphia has not been
able, by great effort, to perform double and triple
the work that she performed hitherto, but I say
now, that the Mint at Philadelphia is not capable,
with all its improvements, to coin enough to meet
the demands of the country. If you reduce the '
basis of the coinage lower, and have a variety of
coins—an average between the large and small—
instead of double eagles, you will reduce its ca-
pacity one half. I say more, that if the Mint
was equal to the utmost the country required, a
heavy tax would be laid upon the country to take
the gold to and from New York to Philadelphia.
My word for it, Mr. Chairman, if you put a
Mint in New York, with the trade which now
continues to supply the gold to any extent there,
you will never see an ounce of uncoined gold in
Philadelphia, unless it should be taken there from
New York. The laws of trade will settle the
question, and a partiality of one place over another
will have nothing to do with it.
Mr. GORMAN. Mr. Chairman, I do not wish
to detain the committee. I desire to vote for the
[ proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr,
! Schenck,] as it brings us back to the question of
[ the establishment of a Mint at New York. The
\ desperate struggles of that city in relation to this
i question, indicate the mighty strength and in-
\ fluence which that great city can exert upon this
1 nation. Sir, the city of New York occupies a po-
sition this day in regard to America, that Paris
does towards France. The city of New York
wields more of the destinies of this great nation
than five times the population of any other por-
tion of the country. The efforts that are made,
the arguments that are brought forward, the in?
fluences that are brought to bear—so powerful in
their character—warn the people of the West, the
South, the Southwest, and the Northwest, wh*t
| they must expect from the absorbing, mighty, and
| increasing strength of this city.
The city of New York controls at the present
time, with its immense monetarypower, the com-
mercial destinies of this Union. They have linked
in with this bill a provision establishing a Mint at
San Francisco, which is another evidence of their
power. What is San Francisco ? It is a shote of
New York—for it is the commerce of the great
city of New York which has built it up—which
hap increased its population so rapidly—blending
their interests with hers. The city of San Francis-
co is nothing more than a type of the great commer-
, cial city of New York. It was remarked the other
j day that New York was to get nothing except what
I she was legitimately entitled to. That city can get
anytKing sne demands by the influence she exerts
upon the monetary world, and by the powerful
influence which her^xtensive delegation can exert
in this body. She can bring to bear here an influ 
' ence greater than that of any five £$tat*s^ of this
Union. It is a warning to the people of this couit
try, to beware of the monetary influence of the
city of New York or any other great city. I sh*U
not say a word further, than to direct the attend
' tion of the committee to the fact, that by the
I i amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] we are brought directly to vote
i upon the question of the establishment of the Mint
at New York. Now, when the deficiency bill
provides for pome seven millions of dollars, and
when the postal bill, which we haye lately passed,
will increase thatamount to nine millions, to be ap-
propriated from the public Treasury, I would like
to aqk if it would be expedient, at this time, when
taking into consideration the agricultural interests
of that section of the country I, in part, represent,
for us to vote an additional quarter of a million of
dollars from the public Treasury, for the purpose
contemplated by this bill ?
