418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what "was the
pending question ?
The CHAIRMAN said the pending question
was upon the amendment of the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. King,] to strike from the first
line of the first section the words " branch of."
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what connection
it had with the Branch Mint at New York?
The CHAIRMAN asked if the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McClernand] wished to propose an
amendment?
Mr. McCLERNAND, in reply,desired to offer
ah amendment to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. King;] and he
rose for the purpose of making a few remarks in
reply to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gor-
man.]
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order,
and said: It is proposed to strikeout the words
" branch of." He wished to inquire whetherthat
would not leave the section so as to provide for
the establishment of a Mini in New York ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it would not
have that effect.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise, sir, to reply
very briefly to the very energetic remarks of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman.] That
gentleman has assailed the project of the New
York Mint, by appealing to what may be a preju-
dice growing out of the prepondering numbers of
the New York delegation on this floor. Any
envy which may exist on this subject, if any does
exist, should not be allowed to weigh against this
measure. It should be judged of according to its
merits. But how stands the case ? Are the New
York delegation likely to carry the measure by
intimidating and overwhelming combination of
numbers? Hitherto, notwithstanding their num-
bers—notwithstanding the recommendation of a
former President and Secretary of the Treasury—
notwithstanding the distinct annunciation of the
public judgment in its favor—notwithstanding all
this, the measure has been from time to time stran-
gled and stifled. And how so strangled and sti-
fled? Not by any direct objection—not in conse- ,
quence of any tangible issue upon the merits of the .
measure—but by incidental considerations, reach-
ing questions of time and the embarrassments of J
the Treasury. f
Thus the measure has been for several years
defeated by collateral attacks. Justice has not
been done to the country on this subject. It is
time to do so—the country at large calls for it.
The gentleman from Indiana, however, repeats
the question before asked by the gentleman from
the Cincinnati district, in Ohio. He asks, How
can we, with any propriety, appropriate money
now for this object, when the Treasury is failing?
For the same reason, why will he vote for the San
Francisco Mint? Will it less impoverish the
Treasury to appropriate money at San Francisco
than at New York ? It has been shown by the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. King,] that
the measure is one of economy—one to save money I
rather than waste it. The West, particularly, was 1
concerned in this measure, which, if carried into
effect, would cause large quantities of foreign coki |
to be converted into American coin, which other- :
wise would go West unconverted, and consequent- !
ly be unavailable, to a large amount, for the pur-
poses of circulation. >
The simple question was, whether the Mint '
should remain at Philadelphia, and the Govern-
ment continue to be subjected to the risk and ex- <
Sense of transporting bullion and foreign coin from
Tew York and back, or whether this shall be 1
obviated by establishing a Mint at New York?
Who can doubt that all the #nds of economy, ex- '
emption from risk, and dispatch in business, will j
be promoted by the Mint at New York? The jj
location there would save much extra trouble and '
expense. _ '*
Mr. MEADE said: I have listened with some
interest to this discussion, with a view entirely to '!
form my opinions in relation to this question, and j
to ascertain how my vote should be -given. I have '!
come to the conclusion, as I think, most who feel j;
any interest in this subject, and whose feelings
have not been enlisted by -their interests, would
have come, that it would nave been best originally
placed the Mint in the city of New York,
-r? t-'le entrepot of almost all the commerce
i- ^ , Matted States. Yet, having already estab-
lished it j„ the city of Philadelphia, it is, at this
Feb. 4,
time at least, very impolitic and unwise to remove
it; because the Mint in the city of Philadelphia is
capable for all purposes of coining, not only all
the coin in this country, but also that which is
imported from Europe and the rest of the world.
It is not because the work cannot be done, that
1 these gentlemen insist upon the establishment of
' a Branch Mint at New York; but it is because
j they see it would be more convenient to have it
I there. Now, sir, we are precisely like the man
I who had placed his house one hundred yards too
far from a spring. The question with him is,
" Shall he pull it down and put it into a more con-
: venient spot; or whether he shall, for some time
at least, submit to the necessity of bringing his
water one hundred yards further than he need have
I done, provided that he had selected a proper spot
[ in the beginning?" If this person had money to
I throw away, and if he had no use for his funds
; and was free from debt, owing nobody anything,
j and wishing to employ laborers, (to use his money
in giving them the means of supporting their fam-
I ilies,)—I say, if he had nothing to do with his
i money, 1 should advise • him to pull down the
house and build another nearer to his spring,
i But, sir, are we in an analogous position? Had
this person owed more debts than three years of
| his income would pay, would he be justified in
j doing it ? I apprehend not. I apprehend he would
say to himself, if his income were #10,000 a year,
, " I owe $30,000; 1 will at least wait three years,
I until I am enabled to do this, before I incur any
further expense."
Such, sir, is our condition. If we had a surplus
. income and owed no debt, it would be different.
But, sir, we owe a debt, which will take us at
least twenty or thirty years to pay; and if we had
a surplus over the expenses of the country, that
we could apply as a sinking fund, it might be dif-
ferent.
I understand that for the present year the in-
1 come falls below the expenditures, and it is prob-
' able such will be the case for many years to come, i
, We know, and everybody knows, that the Mint |
; of Philadelphia is quite adequate for all the pur-
poses of Government, and can coin just as much .
, as it pleases.
[The hammer fell.]
! Here there were loud and very general cries of .
" Question!" and much confusion prevailed in the ;
Hall.
Mr. HALL inquired if remarks were now in
order?
The CHAIRMAN replied that they were not.
The question was taken on Mr. McClernand's i
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HALL inquired what was the amendment
now pending ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was to strike
out the words " branch of the."
Mr. EVANS asked if it was in order to make
a speech against the amendment?
! The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not in
order, as that privilege had been already enjoyed. !
; Loud cries of "Question! question! i
' The question was then taken on the amendment I
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. King,] j
and it was not agreed to.
j Mr. HALL moved to increase the appropria- 1
' tion provided for in the first section of the bill,
i from "$250,000" to #300,000. ;
Mr. H. said: I fully concur with my friend 1
from Virginia, [Mr. IVIeade,] that we ought, if'
possible, to economize the expenditures of this j
Government; and I think I have shown by my i
votes a willingness, on my part, to cut down the
expenditures wherever they can with propriety be
cut down. I have, however, after a full and candid !
investigation of the subject, come to the conclusion i
that the appropriation provided for in this bill is '
one that ought to be made. 1'
I think, sir, that the gentleman from Virginia, '
and those who concur with him in opposition to
this bill, are mistaken with regard to many very
important facts. They assert that the Mint at j
Philadelphia can do all the coinage that is required. :
On that I take issue, because the Mint cannet coin
all the money that requires coining, unless the 1
money will go there. If you were to establish a
Mint m the Rocky Mountains, with power to coin
all the money in the world in twelve months, it
would coin nothing. And why? Because you could
not get the money there to coin it. And so with re-
gard to the Mint in Philadelphia. The report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, made in 1844
shows that there is an immense amount of coin'
coming into this country in the pockets of foreign-
ers, that never goes to the Mint at Philadelphia to
be recoined, and never will, because there is not
sufficient inducement to the owners of it to take it
there. I .think, therefore, that the gentleman from
Virpnia is wrong m supposing that the Mint at
Philadelphia can do all the coinage which we re-
quire. I will ask the attention of the committee
to an extract from the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, made in 1849. He s*iys:
" With a view to augment the circulation of our own
coin in our own country, this Detriment has arrests ; 
for as practicable, the payment of tomsrn coin out ot 'the
Treasury, requiring it to be reeoineil into American coin •'
by which means it has been enabled, between the 1st
March, 1845, and the30th Ormhi r, }84r<, to coin at our \lint*
(per table K) the sum of $38,717,109.- . which from the 1st
of March, 1845, to the 1st of March, 1849, mu-t exceed
i| (P0,000,000; being a larger sum tnan mi, coined m thirtv-
j eight years preeedins, from 1793 to IS30, inelu-ive. But
i whilst the Department will have coined, from the 1st March'
1845, to the lst March, 1849, more than .«fl0,00u 000, the
amount would have been augmented to the ex tent ot several
millions of dollars every year if there had been a Branch ot
j the Mint at the city of New York. This is proved by the
; fact, that most of the foreign coin sent rtoni New York
| and other points to Philadelphia Cor recomago lias been that
, portion which was received for Government dues, and
[ transferred, mainly, not by the people or merchants bat
! by the order of this Department, from the several Govern-
! ment depositories, and but little coin, comparatively, lias
gone from New York, transmitted voluntarily by indindu-
: als, for reeoinage to Philadelphia. Individuals will not. to
any great extent, subject themselves to tiie risk, expense
and delay of this process; whereas, the whole of the coin
and bullion, amounting to many millions of dollars, that
comes to New York by the operations of commerce, or by
( emigration, now a very large sum, would all be changed
i into American coin if there was a Mint at that city. Hav-
ing no Branch at the great centre of American commerce,
I our Mint, notwithstanding the great ability and fidelity with
| which its business is conducted at Philadelphia, is not, to
I the extent it should be, the Mint of the people, and ooiive-
ment for the coinage of (heir bullion and foreign coin, and
especially the large amount brought by emigrants into the
! Union, estimated at $8,000,000 per annum, but is used
chiefly, so far as regards other cities, for that of the Gov-
ernment ; whereas, it ought to be the Mint of the Govern-
■ ment and people, and for the benefit of both, and can only
fully become so by the location of a Branch as recommend-
ed. The amount of foreign coin recoined at Philadelphia
from lst March, 1845, to 30tli November, 1848, on transfers
ordered, or deposits by officers of this Government, directed
by me, was (per table Q, hereto annexed) $11,463,181;
being nearly equal to the whole remaining coinage there
during the same period, including plate and bullion."
Mr. BAYLY having succeeded in obtaining the
. floor from a number of competitors, said: Mr.
Chairman, since the report of the Secretary of the
■ Treasury, an extract from which has just been
read to the committee by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, theeondition of things has entirely changed;
: and although I recollect very well that I agreed
l with the Secretary of the Treasury at that time in
| the views which he presented, yet the changes in
, the circumstances of the country since then have
' completely changed my own views, and doubtless
i have changed his also. He was anxious at that
time to encourage the new coinage of foreign coin,
because foreign coin was the only supply of gold
that we had to make American coin of. But since
then the gold which is coming in from California is
infinitely more than enough to supply our Mint
with coin. Such being the case, why should
we wish to see foreign coin recoined? So far
from desiring it, I think that precisely the reverse
is the case: because there will constantly be an
exportation of gold and silver and an importation
to adjust the balance of exchanges, and whenever
it is necessary to export gold, it is better to ex-
port it in the shape of foreign coin than American
coin; and so far, therefore, as the necessity or pro-
priety of recoining foreign coin is concerned, the
influx of gold from California has completely
changed the circumstances of the case, and with
it, in my opinion, has changed the policy of the
country.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hall's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said: The
amendment now pending is, I believe, to strike
out the first section of the bill. I think, sir, that
we have all made up our minds how we are to vote
on this bill, and I propose an amendment that
will test the question. If it is in order to amend
that which is proposed to be stricken out, I will
move to strike out the words "New York," in
the fourth line, and to insert " San Francisco" in
lieu thereof.
The Chairman indicated that the amendment
was in order.
