420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
flvo thousand dollars each; to the assayer, to the melter
and refinpr and to the coiner, the sum of four thousand
dollars each; to the clerks the sum of three thousand dol-
lars each; to the subordinate workmen, not exceeding
twenty, such wages and allowances as are customary and
reasonable according to their respective stations and occu-
nations.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the third,
fourth, and fifth sections o'fthis act shall be held and taken
to be applicable to the said Branch Mint in San Francisco,
in the same manner as if specially named therein; and the
said Branch Mint shall be the place of deposit for the pub-
lic moneys collected in the custom-house at San Francisco,
and for such other public moneys as the Secretary of the
Treasury may direct; and the treasurer of said Branch Mint
shall have the custody of the same, and shall perform the
duties of an assistant treasurer, and for that purpose shall
be subject to all the provisions contained in an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue," approved August the
sixth, one thousand eight hundred and forty-six, which re-
lates to the treasurer of the Branch Mintat New Orleans.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the assayer
authorized to bo appointed by the ninth sectiou of this act,
shall be appointed immediately, and shall perform such
duties in assaying and fixing the value of gold in grains or
lumps, and in forming the same into bars, as shall be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, either for individ-
uals, companies, or the Government; and the sum of
$50,000 out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, be, and the same hereby is, appropriated for
defraying the expense of the said gold assay, for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1851.
Mr. VINTON desired, before the vote was
taken on that motion, to move to amend the
tenth section, by adding after the word "fifth," in
the second line, the words "and seventh," so that
it would read "the third, fourth, fifth, and seventh
sections of this act." He would briefly explain
the object of that amendment. The seventh sec-
tion of the bill (he said) provided that before the
proposed Mint in New York should be established
there should be a law passed by the State, pro-
viding that the Mint should be exempt from tax-
ation. There was no such provision in the bill
in regard to the proposed Mint in California, so
that after theGovernment had expended $1,500,000
in erecting a Mint there, the State of California
would have it in her power to tax Government on
an assessment of $1,500,000. The object of this
amendment was to provide, that the proposed
Mint should not be established in California until
the State should pass a law exempting this prop-
erty of the United States from taxation.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Gorman's
motion to strike out from the 4th to the 11th sec-
tion inclusive.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the 8th sec-
tion of the bill by striking out the word " Cali-
fornia," and inserting instead thereof, "or such
1 other place in California as the Secretary of the
1 Treasury, with a view to the best interests of the
' Government, shall direct."
Mr. GORMAN said, that if the gentleman
from Ohio would allow him, he wished to alter his
amendment. He did not desire to strike out the
8th section of the bill. He wished to leave in that
section which provides for the establishment of a
Branch Mint at San Francisco.
Mr. SCHENCK said that he believed the 8th
section, and all after it, related to the Branch Mint
at San Francisco.
Mr. STRONG. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask 
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. SCHENCK said that he believed his
amendment was pending, and the House would
readily understand the object of it. His purpose
was, instead of fixing the Mint at San Francis-
co 
Mr. CHANDLER rose to a question of order.
He wished to know 
Great confusion and cries of "Order!"
Mr. STRONG said he proposed to offer an
amendment to a preceding section, which he be-
lieved was in order. [Cries of " Question," and
" Order !"J
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment could
not be in order while another member was legiti-
mately occupying the floor on an amendment that
was pending.
Mr, STRONG wished to propound this ques-
tion to the Chair: Was it not first in order to
move to amend the sections which preceded the
one to which the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio was applicable ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was not in order
for one gentleman of the committee to occupy the
floor whilst there was another gentleman on the
floor in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK said: I suppose that in stri-
king out the section of the bill, and insetting my
proposition that the Mint be established at such
point as may seem most proper to the officers who
are competent and whose duty it is to decide these
matters, my object will be manifest. I wish it to
be in such place in California as will be most con-
ducive to tne interests of the people. It seems to
me that the whole debate, between Philadelphia
and New York, is one in favor of the proposition
I have submitted. When the parent Mint, if I
may so speak, was established at Philadelphia,
that city was a great city, and the seat of Govern-
ment. But in the course of the commerce of the
country, such changes have taken place that every-
body now admits that if it were now a question as
to the proper place to establish a Mint, New York
would be selected.
Now, on the same principle, it appears to me that
in establishing a Mint in California, we should
leave it discretionary with the Secretary of the
Treasury to place the Mint in such a locality as
he may determine upon after careful investigation.
I do not know how many cities there are in Cali-
fornia—how many there would be proper for the
reception of a Mint; but I believe that, by a nine
tenth vote, the people have selected not San Fran-
cisco, but Vallejo for their capital. It may be that,
in the progress of trade, San Francisco may become
of less importance, and I therefore think that this
discretionary power should be retained to which
I have adverted, and which my motion is intended
to accomplish.
Mr. ASHMUN next obtained the floor, and
said: I rise to say that I cannot vote for the prop-
osition made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] I believe that it is right to establish a
Mint in California. I believe, also, that we should
take the responsibility on ourselves of fixing its
site, and not throw it upon the Secretary of the
Treasury. If, after acting as the gentleman from
Ohio proposes, there should grow up such a con-
troversy as this between the cities of which he has
spoken, it would throw a responsibility on the
Secretary of the Treasury that we ought to take
upon ourselves. Whatever decision he might
make, you may depend upon it that he would be
charged with a want of proper care, and perhaps
with a regard to his own personal interests. I say,
then, upon every account, that it is proper for us
to judge of this question ourselves, and decide
upon it, and not throw the responsibility on the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The question was then taken on Mr. Schenck's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Gorman's
motion.
Mr. GORMAN said that when he made his
motion he was not aware that there was any other
part of the bill remaining in which San Francisco
was mentioned. Hefound, however, that he was
mistaken. He had no desire to strike out the sec-
tion which established a Mint at San Francisco,
and he would therefore modify his amendment,
as he believed he had a right to do. He under-
stood that there were still remaining in the bill,
sections 3, 4, 5.
The CHAIRMAN, interrupting the honorable
member, inquired if he had any modification of his
amendment to propose, as having once spoken on
his amendment he had no right to discuss it fur-
ther.
Mr. GORMAN said he had not spoken to his
amendment. He had not said a word about it.
The CHAIRMAN said that the gentleman had
certainly occupied the floor on his amendment.
Mr. GORMAN modified his amendment so as
only to propose to strike out the fourth, fifth, sixth
and seventh sections, and asked for tellers on his :
motion.
Mr. CHANDLER said that, as theamendment
of the gentleman from Indiana might or might
not prevail, he had thought it prudent, in order to
test the sincerity of the committee, to offer the
following, to come in at the close of the seventh
section:
Provided, That this act shall not go into eifect if the Mint
at Pliiladelphia shall be in a condition on the 30th day of
April next to cash all private deposits which shall have lain
in the mint over ten days. Jlnd provided, further, That 1
coinage in the intervening time shall not be less than five
hundred thousand dollars, in quarter eagles and gold dollars,
each month.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, here made
a remark, but in so low a tone that it failed to
reach the Reporter.
Mr. CHANDLER, who was understood to
withdraw his amendment, continued: Yes, but [
merely wanted to offer this in case the amendment
should not prevail. I only wish to say that I offer
this amendment in sincerity, and I desire also to
say that not now, but on some other occasion, I
shall take an opportunity to reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Briggs,]
who has made a charge of direct falsehood against
the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia.
The CHAIRMAN reminded the honorable
gentleman that he must confine his remarks to the
amendment which he had offered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe I shall confine
my remarks to what it is proper to say.
Mr. LEVIN said, that thus far the attacks 
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to
order. The Chair did not understand the gentle-
man's colleague had yielded him the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. If he has anything better
to say than I have, I will yield; but I wish merely
to say that the Director of the Mint has never
volunteered anything to me, by mail or telegraph.
All that I have said or shown on this floor, has
been in answer to letters that I have written to
him.
Mr. LEVIN wished to inquire of the Chair
whether, when in the latitude allowed to the de-
bate, an opportunity had been presented for cast-
ing aspersions upon the character of an honorable
and high-minded man, it was not in order to reply
to those aspersions?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not in
order under the latitude allowed to debate, by the
rules. It was a collateral issue.
Tellers were not ordered on Mr. Gorman's
amendment.
And the question being taken, the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS moved to strike out the eighth
and subsequent sections.
Mr. VINTON asked if the pending question
was not on the motion to strike out the preceding
sections ?
Several Members. They are all striken out.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomas's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
So the eighth and subsequent sections of the
bill were stricken out.
The question then recurred on the substitue of-
fered by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bay-
ly] to the substitute of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to say 
Mr. RUMSEY rose to a point of order. The
original bill was to establish a Branch Mint at
New York. This which was proposed as a sub-
stitute for the original bill was simply to make bars
of gold stamped at the assay office in California
legal tender for the payment of Government dues.
It seemed to him to be entirely inconsistent with
the provisions of the original bill.
Tne CHAIRMAN said that if questions of or-
der were to be determined by the consistency or
inconsistency of amendments, the committee
would make no progress at all. [Laughter.] In
the opinion of the Chair, however inconsistent,
the substitute was still in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a point of order.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had
proposed a substitute to the original bill.
Mr. BAYLY said that he had done no such
thing.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Virginia proposed a substitute to the sub-
stitute which had been offered to the original bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that his objection
would be equally applicable. He raised the point
of order, that neither the substitute of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania nor the substitute for
that proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
were in order, for the reason that both were pro-
posed as substitutes for the original bill. Now
the original bill had been entirely stricken out,
and therefore there was nothing for which a sub-
stitute could be inserted.
The CHAIRMAN overruled thepointof order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and ask for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN said: The committee have
hitherto been acting upon the bill to which the sub-
