1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
stitute now under consideration is an amendment.
It is not incompatible with the consideration of
these substitutes, and even with the adoption of |
them, to reject the whole bill, for the very substi- t
tutes themselves propose to do that 
Mr. McCLERNAND, (interposing.} Why do :
yon propose these substitutes ? '
The CHAIRMAN, (in continuation.) And
whether the amendment proposed to do this work
by first removing the original Mint bill, and after-
wards placing in the substitute, or by removing
the Mint bill,and by simultaneous action, putting
in the amendment, it is not material. The com-
mittee hare now rejected all but the third section
of the bill, and the question is, whether they will
put anything in the place of the bill? On considera-
tions like these, the Chair is constrained to over-
rule the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Illinois; and from that decision, the gentle-
man from Illinois takes an appeal. The question
now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
The question was then taken on the appeal.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked for tellers on his
appeal.
The CHAIRMAN stated it was too late. i
Mr.SCHENCKroseto aquestion of order. He
had tried several times to obtain the floor to offer '
an amendment to the original bill, and that before
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had
proceeded to offer his substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohip call that a question of order?
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to say that it
was not, but that it was a question of privilege.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless the gentleman from
Ohio rises to a point of order, the gentleman from
Virginia must proceed.
Mr. SCHENCK said: Is it not in order to per-
fect the original bill by adding to the third section ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no original bill
to be perfected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understood the Chair to
say, a short time since, that the third section was
left.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the committee has already disposed of the
original bill, and that there is nothing left of it to
amend. Whatever amendments are offered must
be addressed to the substitute.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I understand the
Chair to say that there is nothing to be amended?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that any ,
amendments that are offered must be addressed to
the substitute, and cannot be offered as amend-
ments to the original bill.
Mr. HIBBAR.D inquired if the enacting clause 1
was amendable? I {
The CHAIRMAN replied, that when the com- ,
mittee had dealt with the substance of the bill, the i
enacting clause would be subject to attack.
Mr. BAYLY said: I beg the attention of the ]
committee for a moment, whilst I endeavor to show '
that the substitute which I have offered meets the ,
whole emergency of the case. By a law of the last ■
session of Congress, provision was made for assay-
ing California gold and casting it into ingots, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
should adopt. The Secretary of th e Treasury has
accordingly sent out an assayer, with directions to
put the gold into bars, or ingots, valued variously
at §50, flOO, $500, and $1,000 each. But the law
which provided for this did not assign any pun-
ishment for counterfeiting these ingots. It provi-
ded no punishment for the assayer making away <
with any of the gold deposited with him or for \
stamping a false value upon it.
My substitute remedies this defect in the law,
aud meets the whole emergency of the case. As
in California they have got all the means to assay
their bullion, there will be no need on the face of
the earth for a Branch Mint, such as there is pro-
vided for in the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania; because this bullion will be so much
better to send to the United States and to the rest
of the world than coin. If they had a mint the ,
whole of the gold would be put into ingots, ex-
cepting so much as shall be necessary to supply
the local circulation, and I understand that the
coin that is already in circulation in California
is nearly sufficient to supply their local wants.
The bars and ingots of gold would be preferable
in every respect to coin, for they can be trans-
mitted cheaper. They can be counted more read- ,
| ily, and such a description of coin is, moreover,
I much more difficult to counterfeit.
If you take a bar or ingot of gold valued at
#1.000, with its stamped value upon it, the most ig-
norant man in the community can tell whether it is
what it purports to be. For if you take the length
and breadth, and thickness, and weight of the in-
got, and they all come right, it is chemically im-
possible that the bar or ingot can be impure in
any particle. There is no baser metel which you
can put to reduce its value, which will not dimin-
ish the weight or increase the size, so that it can
be detected by any pair of scales and a rule. Sir,
if these ingots come into New York they will be
used there for all purposes of commerce, and will
form a basis of issue for the banks, and will be so
much more convenient than coin, that the banks
will pay out all other coin, and thus, a great
amount of gold coin will be thrown into circula-
tion, and the establishment of an additional Mint
will be rendered unnecessary. I do not see that
there is any occasion for the Branch Mint in Cal-
ifornia. I am of opinion that the influx of gold
from there will, in a few years, (probably before
this Mint, if sanctioned as proposed, could be
established,) have much decreased in quantity.
, Such will be the case unless geology and history is
a fable. If, however, experience should prove the
result to be otherwise, it will then be time enough
to establish the Mint
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. WRIGHT said: Mr. Chairman, the world
contains more than one hundred Mints, less than
two tenths of which are located upon the Ameri-
can continent. The world yields annually of the
precious metals about $161,000,000, more than six
tenths of which is supplied from the American
continent.
Again: the world contains more than one hun-
dred Mints, but four of which are located within
the limits of the United States. The world yields
annually of the precious metals about $161,000,000,
more than seven twelfths of which is supplied from the
soil of the United States; and yet, sir, this commit-
tee are seriously discussing the policy of establish-
ing two additional Branch Mints, to meet the sud-
den and enormous increase of the precious metals
' separated from the soil of the State which I have
the honor in part to represent.
Again: of the one hundred Mints now known to
exist in different parts of the world, not one is to be
, found in California. As 1 before said, the annual
; yield throughout the world of the precious metals
is known to be about $161,000,000. Of this enor-
mous aggregate, more than one half is supplied
from California alone; yet we find the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] attacking or question-
ing the policy of establishing a single Mint there.
If there is a necessity for erecting a Mint in any
part of the world, California is the place.
The precious metals obtained annually previous
to the discovery of the placers, and the opening
of the mines in California, was about $64,000,000.
To coin this amount, there was in existence
throughout the world some one hundred Mints.
To this amount of annual product of the precious
metals there has been a sudden accession of nearly
$100,000,000, or more than one hundred percent.;
and yet gentlemen are seriously discussing the
policy and the economy of establishing a single
Branch Mint in California, to furnish a currency
to the people there to enable them to obtain the
whole value for their dust, and to keep in the
United States the results of their labor there. Of
the $100,000,000 produced in California, not more
than twenty-five per cent, of the amount finds its
way to the American Mint. The largest propor-
tion remaias in California, and in its crude state
forms a circulating medium—or constitutes an ar-
ticle of merchandise or of barter for the means of
subsistence. But an enormous amount, much
greater than that which enters the Atlantic ports
of the United States, finds its way to the countries
on the Pacific and to Europe.
This is a direct, plain, and broad statement of
facts in regard to the product of the precious met-
als in California; and I desire that this committee
and the nation shall hold me responsible for what
I say concerning it. But before proclaiming the
truth-telling figures, I desire to make another as-
sertion—much broader, and more important if
true that is, that before either of the proposed
Branch Mints can be completed, the supply of gold
and silver from California will be greater than can
be converted into coin by every Mint now in exist-
ence upon the American Continent. Sir, we we
at this moment producing gold at the rate of
$100,000,000 per annum; and I venture the pre-
diction, without hesitation, that whoever lives to
witness the assembling of the Thirty-fifth Con-
gress will witness the supply of the entire world
with gold and silver from our own Pacific coast.
Why, sir, we have struck but a single blow at
mining as yet, and the results of that one warrants
the prediction that we shall next year produce
pounds of gold where we now produce but ounces.
What has been so far obtained was principally
from the placers, from the soil which had tteen
washed down from the mountains. As an evi-
dence of what the rocks which compose the moun-
tains contain, and will produce by the application
of labor, I beg leave to refer the committee to a
report made by Captain Sir Henry Vere Huntley,
of the Royal Navy, chief superintendent of the
Anglo-Californian Gold Mining Company:
"Gentlemen: It is, I apprehend, needless to repeBt
anything that I have stated, for the information of the
Board, in my several dispatches. I have, in these dis-
patches, reported upon all matters up to the 3d of Septem-
ber last; and I now proceed to state the results of the tour,
which, after that day, I made to the quartz-bearing locali-
ties of the first range of the Sierra Nevada, froni the heads
of the Stanislaus to those of the Tnolome, Mercedes, and
Mariposa.
" Throughou[this journey I digressed from the main track
whenever, from appearances, it seemed that any beneficial
information relating to the quartz could be thereby ob-
tained ; for, it must be observed, the veins of this rock are
1 extremely frequent and easily detected, being found 1 crop-
ping out' of the mountains, following the inclination of
them, crossing the ravine or valley (which is, in general,
very narrow,) and then running up the opposite mountain
to various elevations.
" From the information I have obtained, there is, I be-
lieve, scarcely one of these veins of quartz in this district
that does not produce gold, more or less. This statement
stands, to a great extent, confirmed by the fact of lny hav-
ing, in many instances, taken small portions of the rock
away, and afterwards pounded them up myself with a pes-
tle and mortar, when I obtained (with few exceptions,)
gold varying in value from a dollar to a dollar and a quar-
ter to every four pounds of rock, although the rock thus
reduced to powder could not be considered at all a fair
specimen of its real average value, having been obtained
from that part of the vein which lay but a short distance
from the surface, and having undergone considerable de-
composition from the action of the dampness of the earth
upon the iron contained in the quartz. In such cases the
stone is always found in a honey-combed state, the minute
particles of gold having apparently escaped from these re-
| cesses, owing to the corrosion of the metallic substance ori-
, finally retaining them ; hence, probably, the formation of
the nch 1 placers' below, where both the gold so detached,
and the surface soil, are together deposited by the heavy
rains of the Winter; an operation that probably has been in
progress for centuries.
" I think it of importance to state, that in some of these
digressions I found Mexicans in the mountains actually
beating up the quart z with a common metal pestle and mor-
tar, who stated that it was a method that well repaid their
labor ; this practice is, however, quite new amongst the
Mexicans, and has probably arisen out of the hostile con-
duct of the Americans towards them in the 'diggings.' I
mention this fact as it furnishes an additional corroboration
of my statement relative to gold being so generally found
in the quartz veins ' cropping' from the mountains.
" While upon this part of my report, I may observe that
in Virginia, (United States,) a mine is worked if it will
return eighteen cents, or ninepence, to the one hundred
pounds of rock, but in California the rock must return four
cents, or two pence to the one ponnd of rock before it can
be worked with a remunerative result; it will be seen by
referring to the previous part of tins report, that the quartz
of this region can be most advantageously worked, sinee,
as before stated, by the simple process applied to it by my-
self, it yielded to the four pounds of rock never less than
one dollar, and more than a dollar and a quarter in several
instances.
" Having thus briefly shown the general character of the
quartz of this district, I shall, before I pass on to the mines,
actually opened upon the Mariposa, and its vicinity, repeat
that the frequency of the quartz veins are most remarkable,
and wherever they abound, the accompanying 'arroyas,'
or narrow valleys, are almost uniformly found to yield a
good remuneration to the ' digger.' Competent judges of
the subject assure me, that a man, capable of bearing the
immense labor of the ' diggings,' would, one day with an-
other, be certain to obtain from five to eight dollars, in the
worst of the ground; a fact which, combined with the pre-
vious statements, sufficiently proves the vast prevalence of
gold in the quartz rock from the earliest periods; and,
when this is connected with the certainty of no gold being
present in any part of the vast plains spread out between
the several mountain ranges, it conclusively points to the
quartz rock as the source from which vast riches may be
obtained.
" With these preliminary observations I shall proceed to
state, that continuing my journey, I arrived at the mine of
the Mariposa Company on the Mariposa river, and the fol-
lowing statement shows the extent to which it has been
opened: .....
" I may observe, that the exact position of this mine is
about four hundred yards north of the Mariposa river and
from the town of that name. The vein runs nearly parallel
with the river, or a few points to the east-of-north.
" It has been opened downwards, to the depth of twenty-
