422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
five feet, for ft distance of two hundred and fifteen feetj and
upwards, and the vein tested that entire distance. Its av-
erage thickness is from six to nine feet, though in many
places over twelve feet: and it is a veiy moderate calcula
an appearance in anv part (so far as it had been worked) as
I have described, to'distinguish one part of the Mariposa 11
mine; but what is, I believe, always considered a valuable 11
es over iwei™   « « -    , indication in a gold mine, the metal seemed much more ;;
tion to say that upwards of forty-five thousand feet (cubic) , i generally diffused in the quartz, and it amply maintains the
are in sight. From experiments made with a Chilian mill, 1] character of the quartz of this region.   J
bv horse-power, the first one thousand pounds of average i "From this mine I rode to another.
.... -   J • _ -i. «•> !"♦ 'I nnonoH hv a nnrtv nf fivp VOlin? EllfillishlL.w.. —  
of
the
circumstance of a stream of water flushing from a moun
tain side which is so placed and sheltered as never to feel
the heat of the sun, consequently the water is unusually
cold as it springs from the rock. This mine was not opened
in length above fifteen feet, and in depth about four; it bears
yield double or treble ihat amount. Some assays, accu
rately made by assayists at San Francisco, have yielded i
from eighty to one hundred and twenty cents per pound. [!
Three or tour bushels of rich ore, taken out the last few ,
days before I left the mine, would yield from $1,900 to 1
$5,000 the one hundred pounds; this, however, was ex-
ceedingly rich, and from a pocket in one of the lobes of the
vein. The superintendents have every expectation of
meeting many such in going downwards in the vein.
" The steam engine, and stamping, and amalgamating
mills, with twelve sets of stamps, are up, and started in op-
eration on the 16th of September. Other machinery is on j
the spot, and will be erected as soon as possible, so as to j
expedite the operations. The present expense of working
the mine is, as I have stated elsewhere, about §200 per day; j
but as soon as the Company is ready to work day and night,
the expenses will be increased to $250 for twenty-four
hours' work.
" It is supposed that about twenty tons of ore will be re-
duced in twenty-four hours, or four hundred miners' bush- ;
els, which, at the rate of the poorest ore, will make a very
large suui per week.
" The approach to the mine from the seaboard is very
good, by vessels and steamers to Stockton; thence ninety ;
miles over a good waggon road, or four days travel for
loaded teams.
" The company are projecting works for large future op-
erations, by driving an adit from a ravine distance one
hundred and sixty feet to cut the vein one hundred feet be-
low the surface, also a shaft, both of which would be
through in four weeks from the time I left the country. '
This will give the company the command of a large supply j
of ore for a length of time, and by means of a railway track
(three huudred and fifty yards) from the mouth of the adit
to the mills the ore will be supplied at a comparative small |
outlay.
" The mills are very eligibly situated on account of wood
and water, and an abundant supply of fuel being within
two hundred or three hundred yards of the mills.
" I arrived at the Mariposa Mine early in September.
At that time the superintendents had got in position the
machinery for stamping the quartz, and were then placing
the steam-engine for putting the whole in action; the ma-
chinery was extremely well finished, and comprised the
stampers, the troughs, and bowls for conducting and receiv-
ing the stamped quartz ; together with a washing table, in
which the gold was taken from the stamped quartz by
amalgamating it with quicksilver; a pump also supplied
every indication of very great richness. The proprietors
had arrived at stone sprinkled with gold very generally dis-
seminated over it, and both the oxide and sulphate of iron
were very prominent throughout—two indications consid-
ered verv favorable by the miner. The stone from this
mine (showing no gold upon it) produced, when pounded 1
up, as rich a return as the others to which I have alluded, i
viz., something more than $1 to the four pounds ot stone. j
It is, I believe, generally considered, that gold mines fail
by being worked as they become deeper, and that the chief j
of the gold lies upon the surface. The mines of California !
have not, it is true, been opened to any considerable depth; J
but a* yet they have certainly increased in richness as the j
works have descended. . '
" The ' Agua Fria Mine ' was opened on the summit ot i
a small mount, perhaps not more than one hundred and
fifty feet in elevation above the small plain below; the hills
surrounding which displayed more or less of quartz, and
the plain itself, comprising perhaps one hundred acres, had
been successfully dug nearly throughout by the people of
everv nation.
" Having visited this mine-. I proceeded,in company with
Mr. Professor Sheppard, a geologist of the United States, to
examine some quartz veins upon property claimed—and I
believe most legally claimed—by Colonel Fremont, having
permission from Mr. Buckler (one of the agents of Col. Fre-
mont) to select any portion not exceeding three hundred feet
square that I might think proper, and of which Mr. Buckler
engaged I should have the lease, provided it was not already
selected or reserved by Colonel Fremont. After occupying
myself in this part for three days, I decided upon a vein
about half a mile from the Stockton and Aspinwall mine.
Of the character of the quartz upon the spot selected by
me. Professor Sheppard thought highly. I was more espe-
cially induced to examine this mine, because if its indica-
tions were favorable, (as they indisputably are,) and a lease
of the ground should be obtained, the stampers might be
put in motion by means of a spring of water, which does
not fail in the Summer, and is sufficiently powerful, with a
trifling arrangement, to form a continual water-power.
Upon the advantages of such a power it is needless for me
to dwell.
" Mr. Buckler, with whom i could only communicate
both the stampers and table with water, the whole maehin- upon the subject on my return to San Francisco, thought
avi> hainn mstvrAsI Kir ♦Vin cfAom-anmna TTrwVn tilP 1 fith nf ' 4l.o« «« rinlnnol PrZmnnt nrad ovno/ttor) it WAIllrf hp
ery being moved by the steam-engine. Upon the 16th of
September this engine commenced a trial operation upon
some refuse quartz of the mine in which there was no visi-
ble appearance of gold; from this $120 worth of gold to the i
ton of rock was produced. This would of itself make a I
highly remunerative return, but it is not at all equal to the
amount which will be produced from the same rock, when
that of the first quality is crushed. The character of the !
mine is of an extremely rich description, the quartz rock !
being for a large space of the exposed face thickly covered i
with small particles of gold, which may be traced in the 1
interior of the stone when split into pieces ; the remainder I
of the exposed portion of the mine, is of a very promising
appearance, and will, there is little doubt, produce about
$200 (£40) to the one hundred pounds of stone. I shall
not give my opinion respecting the produce of the richest
rock of this mine, but leave it to be told by the attested
statements of its value, which are to be sent me by the
next steamer from Chagres. Although these statements
may tend to create much surprise, (if they at all agree with I
my own opinion,) yet I think that surprise will subside,
when the specimens of the quartz have been seen. These !
specimens the proprietors of the mine made me a present of, j
and the box containing them I brought with me as far as t
Panama, where I left it, being unable to bring it on, owing >
to the rapid manner in which I was obliged to cross the |
Isthmus, in order to catch the English steamer; it will,
however, arrive by the steamer now on her passage home
from Chagres. !
"Of the richness of this mine there can be no question
whatever, nor can there be any doubt of large remuneration
attending the outlay proposed by the Mariposa Company
for the privilege of obtaining a certain interest in its mine.
At the present moment the expenses of working the mine
do not exceed $200 (£40) a day; and the steam machinery
is stamping up from ten to twelve tons of rock every day,
producing certainly as much as previously stated. The
fuel for working the steam-engine is supplied by the neigh-
boring oak trees, which are felled for the purpose, and ,
which, until many steam-engines are erected here, will j
afford an ample supply.
" While at this mine (where I received from Messrs. '
Jackson and Walker, the Superintendents, the most un-
limited kindness, which I very gratefully acknowledge) I
saw the rock blasted in several places, and each time the
same rich appearances were exposed to view. I was fre-
quently requested by these gentlemen to take such speci-
mensas I might think proper to select—a privilege of which
I did not avail mvself, in consideration of the present (the
specimens before'referred to) which I had already accepted
from the company. I, however, have one specimen which
1 picked up after a blast, and, which is curious, as exhibit-
ing the immense richness of this quartz.
" During this visit I was invited to see the mine of Messrs.
Stockton & Aspinwall, on the other side of the mountain
in which that of theMariposa Company is situated. It was
not in so forward a state of 0|>cration as the Mariposa mine;
but a steam-engine and stampers were then on their way up
from Stockton, and probably by this time the machinery is
at work. The quartz of this mine did not present so rich
that, as Colonel Frtmont was daily expected, it would be
better to wait for the completion of a lease until his arrival;
but he promised that he would then lose no time in giving
me every information respecting the locality. Mr. Buckler,
however, distinctly agreed to allow me the choice of any
disengaged portion of the ground claimed by Colonel Frt- [
mont, should that particular spot be occupied. |
" It may now perhaps be desirable that I should mention
the terms upon which these several mines or portions of
them may be obtained.
" The Mariposa mine is undoubtedly the first to be men-
tioned. The privileges of sharing in this mine would in-
volve an outlay at once from £25,000 to £100,000, accord-
ing to the quantity of interest purchased in the mine. In
considering the question of this purchase, it must be re-
membered that the machinery is already in operation ; that
there are already most satisfactory proofs of a remunera-
tive produce; and that there are the strongest indications of
a verv rich return in future.
" The ' Agua Fria Mine,' from its indications, would
fully justify the purchase of it; but it must be borne in
mind, that it would be necessary to purchase and erect all
the machinery required for workine it. This nevertheless
could be done at an expense far below that attending the
purchase of an interest in the Mariposa Mine, especially if,
instead of steam, the stampers were put in motion by mule
powr, a practice which prevails to this hour in many of
the Mexican mines. With reference to the mines proposed
to be leased under Colonel Fremont, that would he the least
expensive method of proceeding, provided the character of
the particular vein was known to be good; otherwise an
expenditure of a considerable sum would be necessary for
the purpose of searching for a good vein. It would, how-
ever, not be difficult to find such a one. In this case of
course all the machinery would have to be sent out, and
put up, which in fact would be the source of the expense.
" With reference to the monetary affairs of the Company
in San Francisco, I have only to observe that the money
with which you have supplied me has met every claim
against you there; and a surplus has been by me left in the
hands of the gentleman, Mr. Marriott, to whom 1 have du-
ring my absence confided the conduct of your affairs. As
per account delivered, it will be found that all expenses have
been fully defrayed, even including the wages (due at the
time of my departure) to the miners sent out by you.
" i may conclude this exposition of my opinions and ob-
servations upon the quartz of this region of California, by
saying that I feel perfectly satisfied of the certainty of re-
paying a very large remuneration by engaging in the work
of mining here. i conceive the remuneration will be as
early as it will be extensive. The return in either of the
undertakings to which i have here referred, would be a
question of a few months only ; and i see no reason what-
ever to hesitate in vigorously commencing the enterprise.
California is now admitted to the rank of a State by the
Government of the United States, under the laws of which
Government both life and rights of property will be fully pro-
! teeted, and the right also of the foreigner to rent under the
[ citizen is recognized; all which circumstances, connected
' with my opinion of the quartz, convince me that the enter-
prise of mining may at once be safely, and vastly remuner-
atively undertaken by your company.
" I have brought with ine ample legal powers for ena-
bling Messrs. Rothschild, on the part of tlie Mariposa Com-
pany, and myself, on behalf of this company, to conclude
the negotiation relative to the purchase of an interest in the '
Mariposa mine upon the terms before stated.
" In order to remove, as much as may be, any impression
as to the msf*urity of life amongst the mountain popula-
tion, I may observe, that t was traveling mj weeks amongst
the wildest part of California, I met incessantly the people
of all nations, 1 never expenenced any rudeness or unkind-
ness. I found them always ready to give me any informa-
tion they possessed, upon every occa-ion when t"requested
any. I frequently slept beneath a tree, or amongst loose
hay, and neither I nor my companion ever carried about us
a weapon of any description whatever, nor during my stay
was there throughout this region, occupied, I may say, by
thousands of very necessitous men of all nations, but one
murder.
" Prior to my departure from San Francisco, the second
expedition of miners had arrived ; and 1 have the satisfac-
tion of stating, that both expeditions are employed at the
Mariposa mine, all parties being well pleased with the ar-
rangement made for them until my return to California.
" I am, gentlemen, yours most obediently,
" H. V. HUNTLEY, Chief Superintendent.
" London, 24tA Nov., 1850."
But I will cite authority nearer at home to show
the richness of the mines in California, and the
ground upon which I have based my predictions
m regard to the future products of the precious
metals there. I sent a few bushels of rock to the
mother of Mints, and the report of the superin-
tendent is as follows:
Assay Office, U. S. Mint, January 14, 1851.
Report upon the approximate value of certain specimens
of gold ore from California, referred to our examination by
Messrs. Wright, Plume, and Walbndge.
The pieces (exclusive of one large rock) numbered one
hundred and seventy-two, large and small, and weighed
four thousand and thirty-five troy ounces, say two hundred
and seventy-six and three quarter pounds avoirdupois.
Their specific gravity 2.73. Averaging the gold at stand-
ard fineness, and assuming a mean specific gravity of 2.63
for the matrix, there results a content of one hundred and
seventy-three and one quarter ounces, worth $3,222. There
is, it is to be understood, a liability to error, from the uncer-
tainty of the fineness of the gold, and from the unsteadi-
ness of the specific gravity of the ferruginous quartz, equal
to a dollar, or perhaps a dollar and a quarter per pound
avoirdupois, above or below the estimate given.
One specimen of marked superiority and richness, was
tried separately; it weighed one hundred and twenty seven
and seventy-one hundredths ounces, specific gravity 3.555,
fineness of the gold nine hundred and forty-eight thou-
sandths bv assay, equal to $19 60 per ounce ; apparent con-
tent of gold, therefore, tliirty-eight and seventy-two hun-
dredths ounces, equal to $759. This is included in tho
foregoing valuation of $3,222
J. R. ECKFELDT, Assayer.
WM. E. DUBOIS, Ass'l.
I hereby certify that Jacob R. Eckfeldt is the Assayer,
and Win. E. Dubois the Assistant Assayer of the Mint,
and that the signatures affixed to this report are the true
signatures of those officers, and the examination made by
them was by my authority and direction.
R. M. PATTERSON, Director.
United States Mint, Philadelphia,
January 25,1851.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland , moved to amend the
amendment by adding "and ingots of $2,000."
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not in order, as the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia was an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. BAYLY hoped not.
The CHAIRMAN put the question, and an-
nounced that the motion was lost.
There were loud cries for a division.
The CHAIRMAN said that it was too late.
Mr. RICHARDSON said that he had called for
a division.
The CHAIRMAN. Not until after the Chair
had announced the decision.
Mr. RICHARDSON insisted that he had called
for a division immediately.
Loud cries of "Order! and "Too late !"
The Clerk read the substitute offered by Mr.
Bayly.
Mr. TAYLOR asked if it was now in order to
have the original substitute read.
The CHAIRMAN said that it could be read by
general consent.
Many members objected to the reading.
Mr. TAYLOR moved that Mr. Chandler s
substitute be read.
The motion was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated the Question to be on
the substitute offered by the gentleman froin Vir-
ginia to the substitute of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HALL considered this a monstrous prop-
' osition, and must therefore ask for tellers.
