1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
Teller* were ordered; and Messrs. Aiutx and >,
Potto appointed,
Mr. BROOKS said, that the substitute was not
«mtprst>x>d on that side of the House. H e wished
to make a* inquiry of the gentleman from Virginia,
which would make it understood. ,
The CHAIRMAN said that discussion was out
of order.
Mr. BROOKS only wanted to know what it was
be was to voir upon.
The CHAIRMAN said that the genQeuuui
could proceed liy unanimous consent.
Several Miuus objected.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
njwned—aye  78, noes 49.
So the amendment to the substitute was agree!
to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill; but immediately withdrew the mo-
uo a.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, understood
(he stud) that the question now -pending was,
whether the committee would adopt the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly.]
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
on ihe adoption of the substitute of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] as amended
br the substitute of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Nlr. Batlt.1
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
tellers an that question.
Great confusion prevailed in the Hall.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the commit-
tee nse.
The motion was not agreed to.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if it was in order for
him to offer an amendment to the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the substitute
was open to amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK proposed to amend it, then, as
follows:
s**c   -fmjkeil Jwrtker That, to famish fc-
rth!-'*. and raniM lor carrying mil the provisions of this
fcll. the Branches nf the Mint of the ('nited States now at
Cfcarlutte, « N'orth Carolina, and at Dahlonrgm, in Geor-
gia, kf, sad they are hereby atululKil; aad it shall be the
doty ot the s?cere*arv of the Treasury to remove from each
nfthn* at as early a day as practicable, the
uccinrd Mhos, machinery. dies, am) all other movable
property heretofore ased by or belonging to the Govern-
ment, and to havf the same conveyed, or as milch thereof
v can be o«cH with a<lrantaye and savin; to the public in-
tfrwt-f. to the said a*sav office in Cnlif&mia: Provided.
Thai tlie wd hsllion aad as nioch of said machinery and
other property as eaaaot be ased with advantage at that
aasay office, shall be placed in the Mint ax Philadelphia.
Mr. STRONG, rising to a point of order, sub-
mitted, that after the committee had adopted a
anbstitute for the entire bill, it was not in order to
amend that substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has come to a
different conclusion.
Mr. SCHENCK merely wished to offer the
amendment. Fie had nothing to say upon it.
Mr. STRONG said he appealed from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. HARALSON roae to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. There are already two
questions of order pending that must first be dis-
posed of.
The Chair has decided that the bill,as amended,
is subject to amendment; notwithstanding which,
the Chair rules that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio is out of order, for the reason that
k proposes matter foreign to the subject of the bill.
Mr. STRONG withdrew his appeal.
Mr. SCHENCK said: Am I in order in appeal-
in? from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. BURT. There is already an appeal pend-
'"fcr . SCHENCK. I propose to appeal from the
derision of the Chair.
Considerable confusion prevailed in the Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee cannot pos-
sibly understand what is going forward, in so much
confusion.
Mr. SCHENCK again inquired if it was in
order to appeal from the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. BAYLY inquired, for the information of
the committee, to enable it to act understanding!?,
whether, if his substitute were adopted, it would
not entirely supersede the original substitute of-
fered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania? [Mr.
CHAWLEB,]
Mr. SCHENCK, (who had several times inef- <
fectually attempted to arrest the attention of the
Chair,) said: I desire to appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Cries of «' Order!"
The CHAIRMAN said that the committee
was now dividing.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have simply to say, then,
that you are making a farce of the whole business.
[Loud laughter, ana cries of '«Order!"]
Tellers reported 101 in the affirmative.
Before the count was proceeded with,
Mr. DUER rose and said: I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schknck]
had appealed from the decision of the Chair before
the division commenced.
Loud cries of " Order!" and great confusion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. No point
of order can be raised while the committee is di-
viding.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair can entertain
no question of order whilst the committee is di-
viding.
Mr. DUER. The gentleman from Ohio took
his appeal distinctly before the division com-
menced.
Loud cries of " Order!" " Order!"
1 The CHAIRMAN. It was not heard by the
Chair until the division had commenced.
Mr. DUER. It was said distinctly, loudly,
and repeatedly, and I shall not vote. I consider
it a farce. '
Loud calls of "Order! order!"
The count was then resumed, and the tellers
reported—ayes 101, noes 19.
So the substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the committee rise and report the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to offer an amendment
to the hill.
Mr. THOMPSON. No amendment is in or-
der.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to  ffer an amend-
ment as an additional section, which is in order.
Loud cries of " Not in order!"
TheCHAIRMAN. In the opinion of theChair,
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and asked for tellers.
Mr. HOWE suggested that the whole matter
should be referred to the New York Safeiy Com-
mittee. [Great laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK said that the object of his
amendment was to abolish the Branch Mints in
North Carolina and Georgia, and remove the ma-
terials to California. He offered that as an addi-
tional section to the bill.
The question being taken upon ordering tellers
on the appeal, and only sixteen sentleman rising,
TheCHAIRMAN announced that there was
not a sufficient number.
Mr. SCHENCK insisted on a count.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he was informed
that there was an ordinary rule that it took twenty-
four to demand tellers, and there were only six-
teen gentlemen rising.
The count was not insisted on.
And the question being put on the apneal, the
decision of the Chair was sustained by the com-
mittee.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Thomtsow, of Mississippi, that the committee
rise and report the bill as amended; which motion
was agreed to.
So the commitee rose.
And the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported that the com-
mittee had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally but particularly and laboriously
the special order, the Mint bill, and had directed
him to report the bill back with one amendment.
Mr. BRIGGS moved the previous question.
Mr. STRONG moved that the bill belaid on the
table.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state tlie pend-
ing question  ...
Mr. McCLERNAND (tntemosing) wished to
inquire what would be the effect if the House
adfourned?
The SPEAKER stated that it was a special
order, and would therefore come up. The com-
mittee have reported the bill with one amendment,
' upon which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Baicos] has moved the previous question. Ths
main question is first on agreeing to the resolution,
and secondly, on ordering it to be engrossed.
Pending this question, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] has moved to lay the bill
on the table; and pending this last motion the gen-
tleman from Ohio has moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY. I shall call for the yeas and
nays on the latter motion.
Mr. DUER. Wait and see how the vote re-
sults.
The question was then taken on the adjourn-
ment, and the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL wished to inquire what was
the condition of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is but one pending question prior to the
question of adjournment, and that is on agreeing to
the resolution as reported by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and no other
amendment, indeed no other action is reported to
the House.
Mr. McGAUGHEY desired to know, if the
previous questions were voted down, would it be
in order to amend the original bill?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. STRONG withdrew his motion to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, instantly renewed the
motion, and called for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that
1 the House do now adjourn.
1 The motion was not agreed to.
! So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the bill upon the table, and'
, it was decided in the negative—yeas 70, nays 106;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Beale, Bing-
ham, Bocock, Boyd, Brisbin, Albert G. Brown, Bart,
Joseph Coble, Calvin, Cartter, Chandler, Colcock, Ilaimer,
i Dickey, Diinmtck, Disney, Dunham, Edmumlson, Freed-
|pv, Giddings,Gorman, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hebard, Ho agin lui. Holladay, Howe, Inge,
• Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr,
Levin, I.ittlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McDonald, McDow-
ell, MeLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade,
1 Millson, Moore, Ogle, Orr, Parker, Reed, Robbins, Robin-
son, Savage, Thaddeos Stevens, Strong, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Venable, Wallace, WeH-
| bom, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilinot, and Woodward—79.
I NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Ashmun,
! Bayly, Bell. Bennett. Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Breck, Briggs,
I Brooks, William J. Brown, Burrows, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Casey, Clarke, YVilliamson R. W. Cobb, Cole,
1 Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Daniel, Deberry, Dixon, Doty,
Duer, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Fuller, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway,
Haralson, T.L. Hams, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hibbard,
Houston, Howard, William T. Jackson, James L. John-
son, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La
SJre, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McClernand,
McGaughey, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Meacham,
Morris. Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Olds, cms, Peaslee,
Penn, Phelps, Ph<enix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam,
Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Rockwell, Ross, Rumsey,
Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schertnerhom, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, F.P. Stan-
ton, Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
and Wright—106.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn
were called for by Mr. Bayly and refused.
Tellers were called for and refused,
And the question being taken, the motion was
agreed to.
So the House adjourned till twelve o clock to-
PETITIONS, «tc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. DURKEE: The remonstrance of J. S. Love and
120 others, citizens of Beloit, in the State of Wisconsin, re-
monstrating against the renewal of C. H. McCormick'f
patent for a reaping machine.
Also, the remonstrance ofT. B. Wakeman and 99 others,
of Big Foot, Wisconsin, againBt the same.
Also, the petition of J. W. Sharp and others, of Door
Creek, Wisconsin, praying for the repeal of the odious
fugitive law passed die last session of Congress.
Bv Mr. MOORE : The memorial of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania asking for the enactment of laws on the subject of
i patents, empowering the courts to declare a patent illegal
; and repeal the same when proved to be so.
