424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
Also, the memorial of the Society of Friends in Philadel-
phia, wking f r the repeal of the lute fugitive slave bill.
Bv Mr. DISNEY: Three memorials from citizens of
Cincinnati, one from eitiiens of Covington, and one from
citizens of Mount Vernon, asking Congress to remove the
impediments to a free navigation around the Falls of the
°By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The memorial of
Messinger & Brothers, silk manufacturers, and others, in-
habitants of Canton, Massachusetts, setting forth :
That, by the tariff of 1846, manufacturers of silkimported
into this country pay only an ad valorem duty of 95 per
cent.;
That all raw silk, and articles of silk partly manufac-
tured, such as singles, tram, thrown, or organzine, pay a
duty of 15 per cent.;
That in no foreign country is any duty charged upon raw
■ilk, so that the whole duty in favor of the American manu-
facturer amounts to but 10 per cent.;
That the foreign manufacturer pays no duty on drugs and
dye-stuffs used in the process of cleansing and coloring the
nlk;
That while England has abolished all duties on raw silk
imported, she still 1 (fries a duty on the richest articles of
manufactured silk, amounting to about 40 per cent.;
And that, in consequence of the above facts, and others
of a kindred nature, it is impossible for the American man-
ufacturer to compete with the foreign one. Hence a light,
clean, and healthful employment, in which great numbers
of children aid females might be profitably engaged, is
driven from the country, and money, to a vast amount, is
annually sent abroad to purchase a commodity which might
be better produced at home.
Also, the petition of Samuel Reed and 117 others, (59 of
whom are legal voters,) of East Abingdon, Massachusetts,
praying for an immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of William Bumhain and 178 others,
(118 of whom are legal voters,) of Essex, Massachusetts,
praying for the same object-
Also, the petition ofLewis Williams and 404 others, (188
nf whom are legal voters,) of Canton, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the same object.
Also, the petition of Joseph E. Sheppardson and 59 others,
(35 of whom are legal voters,) of Holliston, Massachusetts,
praying for the same object-
Also, the petition of Abel Fearing and 109 others, (77 of
whom are legal voters,) of Hin|ham, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the same object-
Also, the petition of Benjamin P. Chute and 40 others, all
legal voters, of the town of Ipswich, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the same object.
Also, the petition of Henry M. Knowlton and 232 others,
(142 of whom are legal voters,) of Manchester, Massachu-
setts praying for the same object.
Also, the petition of Rev. B. Thurston and 307 others,
(246 of whom are legal voters,) of Marbleliead, Massachu-
setts, praying for the same object.
By Mr. REEO: The petition of H. H. Luse and 31 oth-
ers, citizens of Millsboro', Pennsylvania, for repeal of the
fugitive slave law.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of Lemuel Jones
and 175 other citizens of Mount Pleasant, Ohio, for the re-
peal of the fuiritive law of 1850.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of tailors, commercial men,
and citizens of the Northern lakes, praying for an appropri-
ation to place permanent buoys along the channel at the ,
iiead of Green Bay and the mouth of Neenah river.
Also, the petition of citizens of Stock bridge, in Wiscon-
sin, praying that the right of preemption may be granted
them to the lands on which they are settled- I
By Mr. LEFFLER: A joint resolution of the General
As>embly of the State of Iowa, in relation to the Des
Moines river grant.
Also, a joint resolution of the General Assembly of the
State of Iowa, in relation to the purchase of Indian titles
in Nebraska Territory.
Also, a joint resolution in relation to a military road
from Council Blutis Indian sub-agency, to Sacramento
City.
Also, a resolution praying the extension of the United
States military road from Agency City, in Wapello county,
to a point opposite Council Bluffs on the Missouri river.
By Mr. BRISBIN : The petition of Stuben Jenkins and
50 other citizens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, asking
for an alteration in the " bounty land act" of 28th Septem-
ber, 1850, so as to give to every person entitled to land un-
der that act at least one hundred and sixty acres of land,
and to make the certificates assignable.
By Mr. CALVIN : The petition of W. B. Patton and 22
others, citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, asking for
a modification of the tariff of 1846.
By Mr. S WEETBER: The petition of Samuel Davidson
and 76 others, citizens of Oxford, Delaware county, Ohio,
praying the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of228 electors of New Ha-
ven, Oswego county. New York, for c)ieap postage.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of John Jackson and
30 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, requesting the imme-
diate repeal of the act of 18th September, 1850, for the re-
capture of fugitives from slavery.
Also, the memorial of William Davis and 40 others, citi-
zens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, asking that the
bounty land act of September, 28, 1850, may be so amended
as to give to each person intended to be benefited by it one
hundred and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. ANDREWS: The petition of George Sherman
and 200 others, citizens of Moriah, Essex county, New
York, asking Congress to impose specific duties upon all
articles of foreign manufacture that come in competition
with Americanprodiicts.
By Mr. BOBBINS: A petition of Charles A. Hirst,
Charles Rose, and 126 other citizens and seamen of Phila-
delphia, asking Congress to pass an act granting bounty
land to the seamen attached to the G ulf and Pacific squad-
rons during the Mexican war; and that the seamen may
«e placed on the same footing with the army and marine
corps serving in the Mexican war, so far as to grant to them
aright to bounty land.
others, shipowners, citizens of Calais, State of Maine, pray-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for the building n
pier in tlie tide waters below the port of Calais, at a place
called the " Ledge."
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens oi
Peru, La Salle county, Illinois, for a mail route from Rock
Island, via Moline, Cleveland Ferry, Green river, Genoese,
Canada Settlement, Bulbony's Grove, Indiantown, and
Tiskilwa, to Peru.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 4, 1851.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting the annual report
of the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, show-
ing the operations of the same and the Branch
Mints for the year 1850.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, ordered that it be
printed and referred to the Committee on Finance.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 3d ultimo, calling for copies
of all correspondence between this Government
and that of Great Britain relative to the possessory
rights of the Hudson Bay Company in Oregon, or
to the purchase of said rights by the American
Government, transmitting a communication from
the Secretary of State, communicating the inform-
ation called for by said resolution.
Mr. DAYTON. As that document is some-
what voluminous, I move that the further reading
be dispensed with, and that it be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of War,
made in pursuance of the act of the 2d March,
-1803, to provide for the national defence by estab-
lishing a uniform militia system, transmitting the
annual general return of the militia of the United
States, and of arms, accoutrements, and ammuni-
tion, for the year 1850, compiled from the last re-
turns made from the several States to the Adjutant
General's office.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial and pro-
ceedings of a convention of merchants and others,
citizens of Virginia, from Norfork, Richmond,
Petersburg, ana other parts of the State, held at
Old Point Comfort, urging upon Congress the pas-
sage of an act authorizing the Navy Department to
contract for the transportation of the mail between
Norfolk and Antwerp.
Also, resolutions adopted at said convention,
setting forth the importance to Virginia, as well
as all the Southern States whose produce is sent
to New York and other Northern ports for ship-
ment to foreign markets, that a direct communi-
cation should be established between the Chesa-
peake Bay and the Island of Great Britain, and
thence with the other markets of the world, until
1 a direct communication can be established with the
continent of Europe; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs,
i Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
the clerks employed in the post office at Albany,
in the State of New York, setting forth the inad-
equacy of their salaries, and asking that they may
be increased; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial from A. G. Benson, asking
such further legislation in relation to the settle-
ment of his accounts as justice and equity may
seem to require; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. ^
Also, a memorial from citizens of New York,
urging upon Congress the passage of a law to
provide for the repeal of illegal and fraudulent
patents; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUTLER submitted documents in relation
to the inadequacy of the salaries of the judicial
officers of the Territory of Oregon, and the ne-
cessity of an increase of the same; which was re- :
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from citi- !
zens of Lambertsville, in the State of New Jersey,
asking a modification of the tariff of 1846; which j
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from Wil-
liam E. Woodbriage, asking an appropriation to
test, by experiments with guns of heavy caliber, :
an improvement in gunnery invented by hito; i
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
By Mr. fuller : The memorial of f. A. Pike and 100 Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
| zens of New York, asking a cession of land in
limited quantities to actual settlers not possessed
of other lands; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WINTHROP presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Reading, Massachusetts, asking the im-
mediate repeal of the late act of Congress for the
surrender of fugitives from service or labor; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of Joseph
Beckwith, a revolutionary soldier, asking to be
allowed a pension in consideration of his services;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a me-
morial from officers of tlie second regiment of dra-
goons, asking the enactment of a law to prohibit
any officer holding both a staff appointment and
his commission in the line; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a memorial from officers of the 9tli mili-
tary district, stationed at Socorro, in New Mexico,
asking to be placed on the same footing as regards
pay as those of Oregon and California; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition from citizens of Mississippi,
asking the establishment, of a mail route from
Vicksburg to Benton, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of the legal
representatives of Joseph Ford, deceased, an offie?r
in the revolutionary war, asking a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
citizens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
I asking an amendment of the bounty land law;
j which was referred to the Committee on Public
1 Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a me-
morial from citizens of Boston, interested in pat-
ents, asking an amendment of the patent law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial from citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the
tariff; which was referred to the Committee on
; Finance.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of the
, Legislature of Arkansas, asking the erection of a
national hospital at the Hot Springs, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, from the same, asking a donation of land
to heads of families and to unmarried men upon
condition of settlement; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, from the same, asking an appropriation
for the removal of the raft in Red river; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, from the same, in favor of a discontinu-
ance of the depository of arms of the United
States at Little Rock, and the transfer of all the
arms and munitions of war to Fort Smith, and the
donation of the grounds and buildings to Saint
John's College; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Arkan-
i sas, setting forth that the acquisition of Cuba by
the United States is an object much to be desired,
t &c.; which was referred to the Committee on For-
| eign Relations.
Mr. BORLAND. I have another memorial
from citizens of White county, in my State,
( which it may be as well for me to state the con-
t tents of. Mr. Samuel Washington, (a relative of
1 the late illustrious George Washington,) in a lib-
; eral and patriotic spirit, presented to the Congress
of the United States* the sword of his distinguished
| ancestor, and a cane of Benjamin Franklin, which
! had been given by the philosopher to the General,
i upon which presents the country places, and
justly, too, a very high estimate. Mr. Washington
lias removed to Arkansas, where he now resides
in very reduced circumstances; indeed, it may be
said that he has fallen by the vicissitudes of life
from affluence to a condition of absolute indigence.
He petitions, through the mediation of his fellow-
citizens of White county, that Congress will grant
him a small tract of land in consideration of the
service of his illustrious kinsman, upon which he
can erect an humble homestead, upon the proceeds
of which he can support a large and dependent
family. I ask that it may be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to^
