1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
clerks in the post office at Portland, Maine, ask-
ing an increase of compensation; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from the
members of the Maryland Reform Convention,
held at Annapolis, asking the establishment of a
line of mail steamers from the United States to
Liberia; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from
John R. Simonson and others, assistant marshals
for taking the seventh census in King's county,
New York, asking additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was ordered
that leave be granted to withdraw the memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, in relation to the
prosecution of astronomical observations at the
Observatory of the University of Alabama.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Margaret Drew, a resident of Piatt county, Mis-
souri, asking indemnity for a slave that absconded
while in the employ of the quartermaster of the
United States army at Port Leavenworth, which
he asked to refer to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest whether that
had not better be laid upon the table. I am be-
ginning to grow excited. I move to lay it upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON. I move that it be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ATCHISON. I see no reason why it
should go to the Committee of Claims. It presents
a question of law, and that is the only question in
it. It is simply a question whether there was any
negligence on thepart of the quartermaster and the
other officers at Fort Leavenworth, by reason of
which the negro ran off, and whether there was
neglect in giving her information of his escape, so
that he might be recovered. If this were the state
of the case, and it was a transaction between indi-
viduals, I presume there would be no difficulty
about it, for she would have a right to recover in
any court in the United States. The question in
this case is, whether such a state of facts is suffi-
cient to make the United States responsible, and
I prefer that it should go to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The question was put, but it was found that
there was no quorum voting.
After a few words from Mr. Bctler,
Mr. ATCHISON withdrew his motion to refer
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and it was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HALE. I present a petition, signed by 1
some eight or nine hundred inhabitants of the city
of Lynn, Massachusetts, legal voters and others,
asking for the immediate repeal of the law for the
surrender of fugitive slaves, which I move to refer
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
1 have do disposition to provoke discussion upon
it, except simply to elicit the reasons why peti-
tions from one side on this subject are received,
and all those from the other side are rejected > j
Mr. CLAY. I move that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I also present a petition from the
legal voters of the town of Dan vers, in the county I
of Essex, Massachusetts, in which they ask Con-
gress to enact a law exempting them, and all
others having tender consciences upon this sub-
ject, from all participation in carrying into effect
the fugitive slave law, and from the pains and
penalties enacted in said law for the non-perform-
ance of its provisions. They then give their rea-
sons why they ask this exemption, and say they
feel pained to know that sufficient numbers have
so far conquered their prejudices as to be willing,
for the paltry compensation set forth in the law,
to be set like bloodhounds upon the track of the
panting fijgitive, to wrest from him the richest
ooon of Heaven, and thrust him back into a bond-
age one hour of which is worse than ages of that
from which our fathers rose in rebellion to free
themselves. They inform us that the denomina-
tion of Friends are exempted by law from bear-
ing arms, and they are confident that no body of
men can have a greater repugnance to arms than
they honestly entertain towards die provisions of
Mr. CLAY. I move that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to, and the memorial
was laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Lazarus
Knapp, asking to be allowed a pension, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same, the relief asked having been granted at the
Pension Office; which was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the several me-
morials in relation to the amendment of the bounty
land law, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same; wlueh was agreed to.
Also, from the same'committee, to which was
referred the several memorials from registers and
receivers of the various land offices, asking to be
allowed additional compensation for locating mili-
tary bounty land warrants, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of inhabitants of Minnesota
Territory, asking that the reserved lands around
Fort Snelling not needed for military purposes
may be granted to said Territory, to be sold at
auction to the highest bidder who shall settle
thereon, and that a portion be reserved for pur-
' poses of education and public improvement, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of Iowa, asking
the establishment of an additional land office in
that State, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, the committee deeming
it inexpedient to grant it; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of Cincinnati,
Ohio, asking that authority may be granted to per-
sons residing in any of the large cities to settle in
I companies on the public lands, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the New Haven and New
London Railroad Company, asking that the right
of way through a certain house-lot, reported a bill
to grant the same; which was read and ordered to
a second reading-.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
, to which was referred House bill No. 283, being
an act for the relief of the administrators of Oliver
, Lee, deceased, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of,
1 Claims, to which was referred House bill No. 172, j
being an act for the relief of John Poe, of Louis- j
viile, Kentucky, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance", to which was referred the joint resolution
to change the mode of appointment of clerks of
the Treasurers of the Mint of the United States,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred House bill
No. 201, being an act further to amend an act ap-
proved the 2d of July, 1836, for the relief of Sam-
uel Smith, Lynn Macghee, and Semoice, Creek
Indians, and also an act passed the 2d of July,
1836, for the relief of Susan Marlow, reported
back the same without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 200, being an act for the
relief of the heirs of Semoice, a friendly Creek
Indian, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage. >
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill to amend
the act to change the time of holding the circuit
courts for the district of Ohio, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Richard
Mackall, asking indemnity for property destroyed
by the enemy during the war of 1812, submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed, acoom
the fugitive slave law. I move its reference to the panied by a bill for the relief of Richard Mackall,
Committee on the Judiciary, which was read and ordered to a second reading. 1
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the second regiment of artillery, for an appro-
priation to replace the musical instruments of that
regiment, which were lost or destroyed in battle,
submitted an adverse report on the same.
Also, from the same Committee, to whioh was
referred the memorial of Doctor Thomas M. Mor-
ton, asking to be recognized as surgeon for Colonel
Doniphan's regiment, instead of assistant surgeon,
made a report recommending that the prayer of
the petitioner be rejected.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the memorial of the
Medical Association of Cincinnati, Ohio, asking
the enactment of an international copyright law,
reported against printing the same; which was
, agreed to.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to wliith was referred House bill No. 173, being
an act for the relief of Captain William Duerson,
of Indiana, reported back the same without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
memorial of citizens of Cambridge, asking to
make that place a port of entry in the district of
Boston, reported a bill to make Cambridge, in the
. district of Boston and Charlestown, a port of entry;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
I would like to have that bill acted on immediately.
It involves no question of any moment to any-
body. It is simply to make the city of Cam-
bridge, which is upon the harbor of Boston, a
port of entry in the collection district of Boston
and Charlestown. It involves no appointment of
i officers, no appropriation of any sort. The con-
venience ofthose vessels which occasionally arrive
from the British provinces, bringing wood and
other articles, would be greatly promoted. I hope,
therefore, there will be no objection to considering
the bill now.
The bill was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole; and no amendment
having been proposed, it was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
POST ROUTES,
i Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
i lution for consideration:
j Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office anij.
j Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
establishing the following post routes:
1st. From Charleston, m Franklin county, via John Ep-
pler's, in the narrows ofiiig Creek, in Crawford county, to
Walden, in Scott county.
2d. From Little Rock, via the mouth of Cache riv«r,
Oakland, St. Francis, and Marion, to Memphis, Ten-
nessee.
TERM OF APPOINTED SENATORS.
Mr. WINTHROP. 1 beg to submit the follow-
ing resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
and report to the Senate, as early as practicable, at what
giriod the tenn of service of a Senator, appointed by the
xecutive of a State during the recess of the Legislature
thereof, rightfully expires.
With the indulgence of the Senate, I will say a
single word in regard to this resolution. Senators
are not aware, perhaps, that there has never been
an authentic declaration of opinion by the Senate
on this subject. The question rests wholly upon
usage. There are a large number of precedents,
and they are uniform in their character. They
would lead to the conclusion that a Senator sit-
ting under an Executive warrant should remain
in his seat until the Senator elected by the Legis-
lature should actually appear and qualify. That
would appear to have been the uniform usage in
such cases. But, on consultation with some Sen-
ators around me, I find there is a difference of
opinion existing in regard to the principle of the
case. In one instance, certainly, the precedent
was pushed to a length entirely inconsistent with
my own views of propriety. That was a case in
which the distinguished Senator from Michigan,
[General Cass,] having been elected on the 20th
January, the Senator appointed by the Executive
held his seat until the 3d of March, while the Sen-
ator elect was on the ground, although liie cre-
dentials were not presented.
Now, it has been thought by Senators of more
experience here than myself, that while there are
no party or sectional questions which can be af-
fected by a decision of this point, it would be well
for the Senate, under the advice of the Judiciary
