426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
Committee, to put some rule upon record for the
government of Senators who may hereafter be in
a similar condition with the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Ewing] and myself. I will only add, that
while I should be very unwilling to desert my post
as long as either the Senate or my own Common-
wealth have any claim upon my attendance, I
should be equally unwilling to be found sitting
here a single hour after my term had constitu-
tionally expired.
The resolution was adopted.
SYSTEM OF APPRAISEMENTS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill to provide for
the appointment of appraisers at large, and for
other purposes. In order to show the necessity
for action on this bill, I would ask the Secretary
to read a letter which I have received from the
head of the Treasury Department.
The Secretary read the letter as follows:
Tkeascry Department, 31st January, 1851.
Sir : I understand the bill making further provision for
the collection of the revenue, prepared by your committee,
has been reported to the Senate. I trust you will excuse
me for urging upon you the necessity of bringing it forward
at the earliest moment possible.
" The provisions of that bill are at this moment almost
indispensable to the execution of the act of the 30th July,
1846. It will be quite impossible to transact business at
the custom-houses, unless this law or something like it shall !
be enacted.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
THOMAS noRWIN,
Secretary of the Treasury*
Hon. 11. M. T. Hdnter,
Chairman Com. Finance, United States Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I am afraid that the discussion of
this bill will interfere with the bill for the settle-
ment of private land claims in California. The
latter subject has already been sufficiently dis-
cussed to allow us to come to a conclusion.
Mr. HUNTER. I received this morning an-
other letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
informing me that it would be impossible to get
along without some such bill as this. 1 would
not interfere with the bill of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, but I would say that it is necessary that we
should provide the ways and means for carrying
on the Government.
Mr. EWING. This bill I think will take but
a very few moments, and then we can take up
the California land bill.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate proceeded to consider it as in
Committee of the Whole.
The question was upon the amendment reported
by the Committee of Finance.to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the following:
AN ACT to amend the acts regulating the appraisement of
imported merchandise, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted, $c., That in all cases where there is or
shall be imposed any ad valorem rate of duty on any goods,
ware*, or merchandise imported into the United States, it
f hall be the duty of the collector within whose district the
same shall be imported or entered, to cause the actual mar-
ket value or wholesale price thereof, at the period of the
exportation to the United States, in the principal markets
of the country from which the same shall have been import-
ed into the United States, to be appraised, estimated, and
ascertained; and to such value or price shall be added all
costs and charges, except insurance, and including in every
case a charge for commissions at the usual rates, as the
true value at the port where the same may be entered, upon
which duties shall be assessed.
Sec. 2. vjnrf be it further enacted; That the certificate
of any one of the appraisers of the United States of the du-
tiable value of any imported merchandise required to be
appraised, shall be deemed and taken to be the appraise-
ment of such merchandise required by existing laws to be
made by such appraisers. And where merchandise shall
be entered at ports where there are no appraisers, the cer-
tificate of the revenue officer to whom is committed the
estimates and collection of duties, of the dutiable value of
any merchandise required to be appraised, shall be deemed
arid taken to be the appraisement of such merchandise re-
quired by existing laws to be made by such revenue officer.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, four appraisers
of merchandise, to be allowed an annual salary each of
$2,500, together with their actual traveling expenses, to be
regulated by the Secretary of the Treasury, wh  shall be
employed in visiting such ports of entry in the United States,
under the direction of the said Secretary, as may be deemed
useful by him for the security of the revenue, and shall at
such ports afford such aid and assistance in the appraise-
ment of merchandise thereat as may be deemed necessary
by the Secretary of the Treasury to protect and insure uni-
formity in the collection of the revenue from customs;
and Whenever practicable, in cases of appeal from the de-
cision of United States appraisers, under the provisions of
the seventeenth section of the tariff act of 30th August, 1842,
the collector shall select one discreet and experienced mer-
chant, to be associated with one of the appraisers appointed
wider the provisions of this act, who together shall appraise
we goods in question; and if they shall disagree, the col
lector shall decide between them; and the appraisement
thus determined shall be final, and deemed and taken to be
the true value of said goods, and the duties shall be levied
thereon accordingly, any act of Congress to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
take effect on and after the 1st day of April next; and all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HUNTER addressed the Senate at some
length upon the subject involved in the bill, of
which a report will appear in the Appendix.
He concluded by offering the following as an
additional section, to be inserted after the first in
the proposed substitute:
jlnd be it enacted, Sec., That the certificate of any one of
the appraisers of the United States of the dutiable value of
any imported merchandise required to be appraised, shall
be deemed and taken to be th4 appraisement of such mer-
chandise required by existing laws to be made by such
appraisers. And where merchandise shall be entered at
ports where there are no appraisers, the certificate of the
revenue officer, to whom is committed the estimating and
collection of duties of the dutiable value of any merchan-
dise required to be appraised, shall be deemed and taken to
be the appraisement of such merchandise required by ex-
isting laws to be made by such revenue officer.
Mr. WINTHROP and Mr. PEARCE also
addressed the Senate in remarks which will be
published with Mr. Hunter's.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose the following
amendment: In the third section of the amend-
ment strike out " in all," and insert the words
: " wherever practicable in." This amendment is
made necessary, because in some ports there are
no appraisers appointed, and it will be impossible
that tney should go to all.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The substitute reported by the committee as
amended was adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendments were concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that it be put on its
passage now, by unanimous consent. It is already
! engrossed.
There being no objection the bill was read a
third time and passed.
The title was amended so as to read, " A bill
to amend the acts regulating the appraisement of
imported merchandise, and for other purposes."
CIRCUIT AND DISTRICT COURTS IN OHIO.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the bill reported by the Ju-
diciary Committee this morning, which is " a bill
to amend an act to change the time of holding the
circuit and district courts in Ohio."
The reason why I ask it now is, that, through
inadvertence, the bill which was reported at the
last session was so framed as to bring the terms of
1 the courts in Ohio and Indiana into conflict.
Mr. EWING. I think there need not be a :
word said in respect to this bill; it is so plain a
case that I think it needs only to go through the
form of a passage.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill enacts that the terms of the circuit and district
courts in the district of Ohio, which are not re-
quired to commence on the third Tuesday in May,
shall hereafter commence on the third Tuesday m
April, and that all provisions now applicable to
the May term shall apply to the April term.
' There being no amendment offered to the bill,
it was reported to the Senate, and by unanimous
consent it was read a third time and passed.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California.
Mr. BENTON. I propose to amend the bill,
in the second line of the fifth section, by inserting
after the word "session" the words "in every
county in which there are claims to be examined. '
Mr. BERRIEN. The bill as reported by the
committee provides that a board of commissioners
shall hold their sessions at such times and places
■ as shall be designated by the President of the
■ United States. It seems to me that to require in
advance that this board shall sit in every county
in the State would be imposing upon them an un-
necessary degree of trouble. The President of the
j United States can from time to time designate such
i. places as the state of his information may render
proper for the sessions of the board, and it would
be better therefore to leave the bill as it is, as re-
ported by the committee. This subject was con-
sidered in the committee, and I think that in one
of the bills which were referred to us for our con-
sideration there were several places designated. I
think it is a matter to be left to the President of the
United States to designate these places upon the
information which may be hereafter obtained.
The board cannot know whether claims are to
be presented until they are in session, and then
they must act on the claims which are presented.
I suppose it will be in the power of the President of
the United States to make any changes which at
any time the exigencies of the case may require.
Mr. BENTON. The board will act as a board
of preliminary inquiry, and after they have given
their decision,the case may go to thecourts. Now,
in this preliminary inquiry, everybody is inter-
ested; and the question is, whether the commis-
sioners shall go to the different counties, or whether
theirpeople shall go to the places designated, where-
ever they may be, to meet the commissioners.
My opinion is, that the commissioners should go
; over the counties, and hold their inquisitions there,
I where the parties and the witnesses are all present.
I I, therefore, think this is a necessary provision,
j upon the plain principle on which we carry a trial
j of this kind as nearly as we can to every man's
; door. One place in each county is all that I pro-
pose, and that the President of the United States
shall name that place, and name the time for the
meeting of the hoard.
Mr. GWIN. I am entirely in favor of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, and I am perfectly convinced that the Presi-
dent of the United States in the discharge of this
duty would do the same thing.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I have an amendment, which
is to add the following words to the tenth section:
" But no appeal to the Supreme Court shall be allowed
i in favor of the United States in any case in which the land
' claimed does not exceed the quantity contained in one
league square, or on which there shall not be a valuable
gold mine, or silver mine, or quicksilver mine."
The object of that amendment is apparent on its
face; it is to render appeals in the case of small
claims impossible.
Mr. BERRIEN. This subject was under con-
sideration by the committee. In the earlier legis-
lation ofCongress commissioners were appointed,
and they acted for several years before it was de-
termined to call in any judicial authority. These
commissioners had authority to confirm claims to
i an extent not exceeding six hundred and forty
acres. There was a disposition on the part of the
i committee to allow the decisions of the commis-
sioners to the extent of six hundred and forty
i acres to be considered as final. But the extent of
j a leauge square would be a quantity that no pre-
i vious legislation of Congress would justify; that
would be five thousand seven hundred alia sixty
acres. <
Mr. BENTON. I think it is only four thou-
sand four hundred and forty acres.
Mr. BERRIEN. According to my estimate it
is five thousand seven hundred and sixty acres.
Nine square miles multiplied by six hundred and
forty, the number of acres in one mile, amounts to
five thonsand seven hundred and sixty acres.
However, either quantity, in the judgment of the
committee, was too large. They thought the ap-
peals ought to be limited to cases where the quan-
tity of land did not exceed six hundred and forty
acres. But there is a peculiarity in the condition
of California, in consequence of the valuable min-
erals found there, and the committee were induced
to abstain from any limitation as to the right of
appeal. If hereafter, upon further information, it
shall be deemed proper, it will be in the power of
Congress to provide that the decisions of the com-
missioners, or of the district court, shall be final in
these minor claims. There will be a difficulty in
deciding what shall constitute a " valuable gold
mine," as provided for by the amendment. It is,
therefore, believed to be best to leave the quantity
as it is named in the bill.
Mr. BENTON. I would ask the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who is perfectly familiar with
the amount of land contained in a league square,
to state what that amount is ?
Mr. RUSK. I believe it is four thousand four
hundred and twenty-eight acres.
