1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What is the length of
the league ?
Mr. RUSK. The Spanish league is some six
or seven per cent, less than the English league,
and according to the Spanish measure, I think, the
amount contained in a square league is four thou-
sand four hundred and twenty-eight acres.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I have another amendment, to
come in at the end of the fourth section:
" And in each and every case of a claim brought before
the said Board the claimant shall be maintained and pro-
tected in thr, liiH enjoyment of his claim until the final de-
cision thereon ; and for that purpose the district judge of
the district in which the claim lies shall, on a petition to
that effect, grant an injunction to stay intrusion thereon, or
grant restitutton of possession by writ of forcible entry and
detainer, or entertain actions of trespass or ejectment; and
such maintenance and protection shall extend to the num-
ber of acres expressed in the grant, where there is a grant,
or to the quantity of land actually possessed, in case of
possession without a grant."
The object of that amendment is to give that
protection which the treaty provides for until the
final decision of every case. The holding of a
grant is prima facie evidence of a title in one case,
and actual possession is prima facie evidence also
of the existence of a title at the time when Cali-
fornia was transferred to the United States. The
words of the treaty are explicit, and they are copied
in the amendment which 1 send: that the parties
shall be protected in the free enjoyment of their
property. Now, while this title is undergoing
examination it may be depredated upon, and I
presume in many instances it is depredated upon
now, by persons who may choose to establish
themselves upon it, or who take it upon them-
selves to say it is a bad title. But I believe it be-
longs to the United States to say whether the title
is bad. This amendment is, therefore, designed
to give effect to the treaty stipulation during the
time that these claims are undergoing an examin-
ation. It will be very harassing to the parties to
be attacked both in front and rear at the same
time—to be contending with the United States in
front, and with those in the rear who wish to es-
tablish themselves upon their property. The ob-
ject of the amendment is to give effect to the treaty,
and to provide an immediate remedy, so that that
clause of the treaty may be carried into effect.
The treaty cannot execute itself, any more than
the Constitution of the United States, unless there
is some machinery provided for it. The princi-
ple contained in the treaty is to be acted upon by
the board of commissioners when acting upon
claims. But under the treaty there is a positive
act to be done, a potential act to be done, and that
is to maintain and protect the people in the free
enjoyment of their property. There is a limita-
tion to the amendment, which grows out of the
manner in which the grants were made in that
country. The grant was made to a certain quan-
tity of land; one league square was the smallest
rural grant made, and eleven leagues square was
the largest rural grant by the colonial authorities.
For these grants there was a district of country
appropriated, out of which the grant was to be
taken within such and such boundaries, naming
certain creeks and rivers, &c. That district of,
country usually contained double, treble, or quad-
ruple what the grant itself called foj^ The object
of the amendment is to confine the grant to the
number of acres embraced in the grant, and to pro-
tect the party in the possession and enjoyment of
his grant within the general boundaries.
Mr. BERRIEN. There is a stipulation in the
treaty for the protection of private property. The .
object of this bill is to ascertain what is private
property, and what is therefore the object of that
protection. It is to separate the public from the
private domain, and when it is done, the stipulation
of the treaty will become obsolete. In the mean
time, -with regard to persons who ar: in the pos-
session of land, which they claim under a grant
from either the Spanish or American Government,
that possession gives them a right, which under
our laws will enable the. party to protect himself '
from any infringement. The provision in this
amendment is therefore unnecessary. Moreover,
this is not a case of an actual possession.
Then, in the case of a person holding a grant,
the Supreme Court of the United States have de-
cided, in the construction given to the treaty with
Spain, that a party holding a grant from the Span-
ish Government was considered to have the seisin
and possession of the lands stipulated within the II
i| limits of that grant; and therefore he would be
| equally entitled to protect his property from intru-
! sion as in the other case of actual possession, fn
i either case, therefore, it seems to me that the
! amendment is unnecessary, and it is a departure
I from the previous legislation of-Congress with re-
i gardto the territory acquired from a foreign Power.
! I hope, therefore, the provisions of the bill will be
J adhered to.
Mr. BENTON. The provisions which are
made here to protect the parties in the free enjoy-
! ment of their property are temporary; they are
to continue until there is a final decision. The
probability is that it will be six or sevenyearsbe-
fore a final decision will be obtained. The board
; sit three years. The district court may have the
; case before it one or two years, and the Supreme
Court of the United States as much longer. My
object is to get a remedy which will be prompt,
and therefore it provides for obtaining an injunc-
tion to stay any intrusion, upon a petition to the
district judge; and it provides also for an eject-
ment from the same source in case of an actual
trespass. We all know that a party may main-
tain his action upon his possession, or upon his
grant; but that is a tedious process, and will last
.just as long as the examination goes on in the
' District Court, and in the Supreme Court of the
; United States, if it is carried there. What we
i want is protection in the mean time, an immediate
protection, so that while the party is standing be-
fore the commissioners and the District and Su-
preme Courts, he may be protected from depreda-
tions upon his property. It is vain to tell me that
such remedies as I propose, which are immediate
and summary, are not better than the ordinary
processes of law, and which may continue exactly
as long as the question remains undecided.
Mr. BERRIEN. Any given tract of land which
may be subject to the operation of this amend-
ment must be either public or private property. If
public property, the laws of the United States,
which are now in existence and in operation, for-
bid any intrusion by any individual upon that land
until it is surveyed, and a lease or grant is given.
The officers of the United States, under the direc-
tion of the proper department, can therefore be
required to prevent any intrusion upon the laud
i under these circumstances, as they were in the
j case of Louisiana and Florida.
Take the other alternative, that it is private
property. If it be private property, the State tri-
bunals are entirely adequate to protect the rights
! of individuals holding private property under pos-
, session, or the holding of a grant, which are the
two cases presented by the Senator from Missouri.
! So that in either event it seems to me that it is un-
| necessary, and I am inclined to apprehend that it
might involve the United States in some responsi-
bility which should be avoided. There would be
a great difficulty perhaps in preventing these mul-
tiplied intrusions. We have seen already the
force and effect of numbers with regard to the
question of right in California upon these large
grants, where many persons are engaged in the
operation of mining. If the United States should
hold out the idea of affording protection to private
property, and should not afford that protection
adequately, it might involve the United States in
serious responsibilities.
We are walking in the track taken by our pre-
decessors with regard to our other territorial ac-
quisitions. It is safe walking in it until some
exigency arises which shows the necessity of de-
parting from it.
Mr. BENTON. We have bills on our statute
book for driving everybody off from the public
lands, and superadded to that the military has
sometimes been called out to drive people off from
the public lands. If that is to be done in Califor-
nia, I apprehend that every man, unless it is an
old settler, may be driven off from the lands upon
which he is operating; that all persons in the gold
mines will be driven off. These laws are upon
our statute-book; they were put there, sir, in old
times, before the policy of granting preemptions
was established. That policy, sir, has been estab-
lished many years back, and is now part of the
common law of the land, and I apprehend that in
California those that are to-day trespassers in the
eye of the law upon the public lands, who, accord-
ing to the terms of the statute, are liable to be
driven off by the marshal, and sued, and expelled
by the military, in point of fact will be entitled to
preemption where they have made a settlement,
and that they will get preemption.
The gentleman's argument, then, that if it is
public land the United States will drive the people
off, is an assumption which the experience of the
country contradicts. There are cases in which
attorneys harass the people with lawsuits for being
on the public lands; there are some cases of that
kind in Wisconsin, numbers of them, in- which
the people are harassed by lawsuits for this reason.
The most striking cases of that kind was in Ar-
kansas, about twenty years ago, I think, in which
a great number of suits were brought against per-
sons for cutting timber on the public lands, and
the upshot of the whole was that the United States
paid the cost in every instance.
Sir, it is no reply to say that the people will be
driven off if it is public land. I do not want them
driven off; I want them to remain there and get a
preemption. That is the true policy of the coun-
try. Now, if it is private property, or what is
prima facie evidence of private property, derived
from a grant or actual possession, there will be no
driving off by the marshal; and I repeat that I
1 hold that the summary remedy which this amend-
ment provides is indispensable to give effect to that
clause of the treaty.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section, to come in after the four-
teenth section:
" All the ground within the limits of any town, city, or
pueblo, or within the limits of the out lots, common field
lots, or commons,which was vacant and not lawfully claimed
by any individual at the date of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, and which shall not be needed by the United States
for military purposes, or for the erection of needful buildings,
shall be granted to said cities, towns, or pueblos respect-
ively."
Mr. BENTON. This is a provision which has
been contained in most of the bills which have
been drawn up heretofore. It speaks for itself.
It is to give the scraps of public vacant ground
which may be found within town limits to the
town authorities. And I can state to the Senate
that we shall have to engage in a great deal of
trouble if we claim as United States property these
scraps of vacant ground. They have been dis-
posed of, in point of fact, by officers acting in the
name of the United States. General Kearny has
ceded many. Other alcaldes, I know, have made
cessions of them. They are occupied by people,
and I should suppose that in the town of San
Francisco there are pieces of ground thus granted
which are now worth immense sums, and which
in the end the United States will confirm to the
possessor. If the United States has to go through
the process, it will cause a great disturbance.
Things will remain unsettled for a long time.
Whereas, if this provision is adopted, and all these
vacant parts are given up to the town authorities,
it becomes a domestic question, which will be
settled there, and settled, no doubt, in favor of the
actual possessor, and in that way peace and quiet
will be given to the country.
Mr. BERRIEN. I have had occasion to state
to the Senate before, that this is a bill the object
of which is the ascertainment of private claims.
It is not a bill the design and intention of which is
to confer titles, but to ascertain who is in posses-
sion of titles. That is the extent to which we can
safely go with the information which we have
upon this subject. Individual Senators may be-
lieve themselves to be accurately informed, and
they may be so; but the great body of the Senate
certainly has not that extent of information which
would enable them to decide what it is proper for
Congress to do in relation to very many of these
claims. We propose, therefore, to proceed cau-
tiously, to put ourselves in a condition to comply
with the stipulations of the treaty, and by the aid
of these judicial tribunals and this board of com-
missioners to ascertain what is private property.
When this is done, and when we have acquired
information in regard to claims peculiarly situated
as this is, then it will be competent for Congress
by an act to confirm them or to grant donations
when necessary, and provide for these particular
cases. In the mean time the safer course is to
adhere to the provisions of the bill, which limits
the courts to ascertaining existing titles and then
confirming them.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to strike out the last
