1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
The case in Louisiana is certainly not a precedent
for this bill as it now stands. The legislation of I
the country in that instance will not constitute a '
precedent for the bill of the committee in this par-
ticular. There, when Congress came to speak of
the patent at all, they described precisely the force
and effect of the patent. It is not donein thiscase
unless my amendment be adopted. It would be
well for us to be cautious in this matter.
The Senator says there is a provision in the
bill of the committee which enables third persons
to come in and contest the right of the first claim-
ant to a patent. Experience will show, I think,
that there are many persons in that country who, ,
under the provisions of this bill, will not have the 1
means to contest before the patent shall be finally 1
issued; and if they do contest, and wish to come
to the higher courts, since the motion of the Sen- i
ator from Missouri has failed to strike out that
provision which requires the prepayment of costs,
the result will be that the great land claimers in
California, the owners of eleven leagues square,
can put down all small proprietors, all small
claimants,and finally get a patent which will pur-
port to be a conveyance to them. The small pro-
prietors may contest as much as they please, but
it will do them no good. I am friendly to the
main provisions of the bill. It reads on so as to
be easily comprehended. It is simple and plain,
and most of its provisions palpable. But here
seems to be a provision that lacks an item, and I
have therefore offered the amendment to declare
what shall be the force and effect of the patent.
Mr. BALDWIN. Notwithstanding the re-
marks made by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, it appears to me that the provision which I
have read in the act in relation to lands in Louisi-
ana, is precisely analagous to the provision which
it is now proposed to add to the bill under con-
sideration by the Senate. That was an act for
the establishment of the office of surveyor of the
public lands in the State of Louisiana. It made
provision for the survey of all the lands to which
individual claimants should have established
their title, as between them and the United States.
Plats were to be laid out by the surveyor and pat-
ents issued, but it was foreseen that there might be
cases in which the United States would be willing ,
to relinquish its title where there might neverthe-
less be conflicting claims of individuals to the right.
In order to divest the United States of its title, so ;
far as these claims were inchoate and imperfect, it j
was necessary that the land should be surveyed.
Of course, if there was a conflict between different
individuals, it became necessary, preliminarily to |
the issuing of the patent, that some board should j
be constituted to ascertain, as between these indi- j
viduals, what in fact were the real boundaries, so
that the Government of the United States could !
issue its patent pursuant to this ascertainment of:
boundary-. Notwithstanding the patent was thus
to be issued to the person who might be supposed
to be entitled, it was thought prudent that this de-
cision and the issuing of the patent should not im-
pair other rights, but that those holding them
should be at entire liberty to carry on the contro-
versy to an ultimate decision before the proper
tribunal. That is precisely what the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin is in-
tenaed to effect.
Now, without some such provision as this there
might be cases where all the titles were imperfect,
in which, notwithstanding the Government of the
United States would be willing to relinquish its
title, it might not be competent for the party who
should not receive the patent of the United States
to maintain either an action at law or a bill in
equity against the claimant to whom that patent
should be given, or in whose favor that relinquish-
ment should be made. Although, as between the
two, he might have the better claim to demand !
the title, the titles of both being imperfect, and
perhaps so imperfect that neither could sustain an i
action at law or a bill in equity against the other,
whoever receives the patent from the Government, ,,
in whom all these titles are vested, except so far P
as they have been vested in individuals, would j
in effect, in that case, hold the absolute title, al- ■
though the other one, as between the two individu-
als, might have a better claim if there was some
sueh provision as this.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We have heard a good
deal said upon this particular subject, and it seems
to me that we are occupying time unnecessarily
about it. If the decisions of my own State in re-
gard to analogous cases could have any influence
here they would illustrate the whole matter. In
Kentucky we have had patent after patent upon
the same tract of land, and yet there is no difficulty
there. The holder of the original equity, no mat-
ter what the foundation of that equity may be—
whether it be a settlement right or a village right,
for we had rights of that character in the origin
and settlement of that State—the party holding the
superior and paramount equity had nothing to do
but to file a bill against the nolder of the patent
and make him relinquish what claim he had. I
think the bill is sufficient in this respect without
any amendment. If you grant a patent it can
have no effect upon the rights of any one, unless
it be upon a party to a litigation which is provided
for by this bill.
There is a state of case provided for here where
contestants may come forward and have litigation
in respect to title, and the decree or judgment of
the court would be final as to the parties before
them; but if there be third persons not before the
court, this bill does not pretend to deprive them of
equities they may have, whether under a well-
founded inchoate title or from grants of the authori-
ties of Mexico, California, or Spain. This is
perfectly right. As was remarked the other day,
under the Constitution of the United States and
under the treaty, this bill cannot take away those
rights, whether inchoate or merely equitable, which
may exist in any one. The courts of equity will
perfect them by compelling the holder of the legal
title granted under your patent to relinquish it. It
does seem to me these principles, which seem so
very plain to a lawyer educated in Kentucky, show
that tnere is no necessity for this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, I was not able to see at the outset of this dis-
cussion any very distinct or influencing reason
which made the issue of a patent necessary. I
have been told, however, by gentlemen who under-
stand the subject much better than I do, that the
effect will be to tranquilize the public mind, and
make the claimants better satisfied with whatever
rights they may have. But the question which now
arises is of a different character. If I understand
the matter, we are all agreed that the United States
do not mean to do more than to release what right
they may have to the patentee. The controversy
is "whether you shall say that on the face of the
law, or leave it to legal implication. If it is true
that such is the object of all parties, where is the
harm of expressing that object on the face of the
law? Why should it be left to legal implication ?
Why should this party be sent to a lawyer to inquire
into that which he does not himself understand,
when we might as well have expressed what we
meant on the statute book ?
It seems to me when we pass a law of this kind
our purpose should be not to mislead the patentee
—not to give him a title which some ingenious
lawyer may stretch to something more than it
really is—not to mislead anybody. We do not
intend to do anything more than make a partition
of this property, to leave the party who makes
claim to individual right in possession, and to give
him whatever right the United States have to it.
That is all we mean to do. Ifthere be controversies
between this individual and other parties; if there
be clashing claimants, the" question of the title as
between them is left to be settled elsewhere by
other means. It seems to me, in this view of the
subject, there can be no objection to the adoption
of some expression upon the face of this law which
will show what the meaning of this patent is. Or,
if that is not done, it seems to me that the patent
itself should issue in a form which would explain its
own meaning. I am perfectly content with either.
If you will say by this act what is meant by the
Fatent, or if you will say it on the face of the patent,
am satisfied. But I think it fair to all parties, and
just to everybody, that the matter should not be
left to legal implication, but tliat it should be known
that the patent is nothing more than a release of
the title of the United States, and should be so ex-
pressed.
Mr. BERRIEN. When the Senate referred to
one of its committees a subject of this sort to be
provided for by bill, it is to be presumed they de-
sired to have that provision made in conformity to
the antecedent legislation and the usages of Con-
gress on similar occasions. When, therefore, it
was asked the other day why a patent should
issue in this case, the answer was, that the United
States had uniformly adopted this course in rela-
i tion to all territorial acquisitions. Gentlemen who,
without looking into the legislative history of the
country for a precedent, come forward and offer
propositions conformable to their own particular
views, multiply difficulties which will impede the
progress of legislation, without attaining any val-
uable purpose.
But the Senator from Connecticut produced to
the Senate what he supposed was a precedent
which the committee were bound to follow, and he
' adheres to the declaration that it constitutes a pre-
cedent. Now, I ask that Senator if, under the pro-
visions of the act of 1831, in the case of any con-
firmed claims where there was no conflict of
boundary, the provisions of that section would ap-
ply? Would tne patent which is provided for in
the act of 1824, be affected by the provisions of
the sixth section of the act of 1831, where a claim
had been confirmed, and where there was no con-
i diet of boundaries? The Senator will not assert
this. The provision of the act of 1824 negatives
, the idea of tne Senator from Wisconsin, wherever
i a patent is mentioned. This limitation is made in
these words:
11 " That upon the final decision of any claim prosecuted
| under this act in favor of the claimant or claimants, it shall
and may be lawful for such claimant to demand and receive
1 from the clerk of the court in which such final decision is
1 i had, a copy of the decree, in his, her, or their favor, under
1 j the official signature of the clerk, and the seal of the cou rt,
I if any seal belong to it, and deliver the same to the surveyor
II of public lands for the State of Missoun, who shall there-
I j upon cause the land specified in said decree to be surveyed
at the expense of the party, and duplicate platsor certificate
i of the survey so made to be returned into his office, one of
' which shall remain in said office, and the other, authenti-
< cated by the attestation and official signature of the survey-
or of public lands, shall be delivered, on demand, to the
I party interested therein, and tile same being presented to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office in Washing-
ton city, shall entitle the party interested to a patent from
the President of the United States."
The parties were to be entitled to a patent, leav-'
ing to the courts before whom that patent shall be
j brought, to decide upon its effect and operation. But
ifthe act of 1831, when it comes to provide that this
patent shall be merely a relinquishment of the rights
of the United States, limits that provision to cases
i of conflicting boundaries, I really cannot conceive
; what possible object there is in urging this amend-
i | ment on the Senate. Certainly the United States
j] is not going to be involved. Everybody here will
' understand that a grant which is made by the
! United States upon the consideration which is here
stated, which must Jbe satisfactory, involves the
United States in no responsibility. Upon the
purchase of lands at the minimum price of a dollar
and a quarter per acre, the matter might be appro-
priate to such a case, but we do not want such a
provision here.
By the stipulations of the treaty we have bound
ourselves to protect private property. We are
about to institute a tribunal to ascertain what that
| private property is; and, having ascertained it,
we are going to give the claimant, whose claim
shall be confirmed, the evidence which a patent
will afford him that his claim has been decided to
be private property before the tribunal we have
provided. That is all. And why should it be
required, departing from the legislation of Con-
gress, both in the case of Louisiana and Florida, to
annex this qualification ? Why should we provide
for the benefit of third persons who will have
slumbered on their claims up to the time of the
issuing of their patent ? I leave to those who ad-
vocate the amendment to tell us why Congress
should adopt such a course in opposition to former
Congresses.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted,
on a division: Ayes 90, noes 19.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to ask whether
this amendment will be susceptible of amendment
in the Senate by striking out any part of it ?
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be reported
to the Senate as it has been amended in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and then the question will be on
agreeing to the amendments.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Bnt if they be agreed
to we cannot strike out any part of them.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
Mr. GWIN. I would say to the Senator from
Kentucky, that when the bill shall have been re-
ported to the Senate, I will move to print it with
the amendments. ...
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will it be in order in
