1831.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
Mr. Bl'KT stud that th* effect of the previous
question, m he understood it, would be to bring
the H*>use to a first upon thesuhstitute, find,
if that substitute should be disagreed to, it would
be upon the thrnl readinsrof the bill, as committed
t > the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, without any of the amendments that were
adopted in committee.
Tne SPEAKER  aid that the gentleman from
Smith Carolina had correctly staled what would
be the effect of the previous question.
The question was then taken on seconding the
demand f« r the previous question, and decided in
the affirmative—ayes 91, noes not counted.
So the prerious question received a second.
The main question ww ordered; which main
question was fir^t on a^reein? to the amendment
reported by the Committee of the Whole on the
mate of the lTnion—bein  the substitute of Mr.
Bayit f*>r the original bill, {as published in yes-
terday's proceedings, 1 providing for the stamping
of info's of «old in California.
Mr. DOTY railed for the yeas and ways on that
question rand they were ordered; and, being taken,
were—yeas 93, nays 103; as follow:
Alien, Alston, A«t e, A*batm, Averett,
Barlr, Brak, Binftem, Bocoek, Bowie, Breck, Brisbin,
Bsei, Bart, Jivcph i'able, (leorjre A. CahtweQ, Calvin,
Campbell. l"*rtt*-r, Chandler, CTirurmnn, Colcork,
Corwii. Daniel, Danaer, Peberry, Dimmtck, Dtsaev, Dun-
ram, Danham, Eliot, Alexander Eran^Natliao
Erai*** Tiich. Fowkr, Freedl^y, Fuller, G«dd n«s, tioode-
npw, tv«ra B. Hamilton, l!aiiia> n«J, Haralson, Harlan,
^arupiOB IV. Harm, Thooa* L- Harris, H^barrl, Hibbard,
H«>!taday. Iloe^toe, Howe, lofe, Joseph W. J«ekj<n)i, ,\u-
rfrvw Juha^mJamw L. Johnson, Le tiler, Li tile field, Hor-
act Vub, Job Mann, McDonald. McLanahan, MeMullerj,
McWile, Met^, Million. Moore, Of!**. Orr,
(Hu, Mutiaw, Parker. Petstef, Peck, Pitman, Reed, Rob-
R >sa? S^wtelle, Sbepperd, Thadd«-tts Stevens,
Strin*. Jarob Th*H p«« n, Toonilw, Tuck, Vena-
Ue, Walter?, W"bittff«ejr, Wddtnek, and Wrlmot—93.
XAV^—Mmr«. Albert***, Alexander. Anderson, An-
dmts Bay, Bell, Bokee, Booth, Bowha, Boyd, Bri|p,
Bmoks Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Builard,
Barrow#, BaDer. Joseph p. Caldwell, Clarke, Williamson
It W. Cobb, Cole. C> acer, CroweB, Dixon, Doty, I)o^r,
Ewiac, GeMry, Geny, Gilbert, Gott, Green, Gnnnell,
Hail^litlkwaf, Isham G. Harri*, Hay, lUyrooml, H« nr>,
Hoaglaad, HoIium, Howard, William T. Jackson, Robert
W. Jh^rmw. Jones, Julian, Jame« G. Kinc, John A. King,
La Levin, Marshall, Mt«m, Matteson, McClernand,
Mciini|i  y, MeKiwocfc. Robert M. McLane, Meacbam,
J'tba K. Miller, Morebead, Moms, Mone, Morton, Nelson,
VeweU, OUt , Peiui, Phelps, Phonix, Potter, Putnam,
Reynold*, Richaidxm, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Rum-
a^, Market!, Scbenoerborn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, J? pan I-
Sprane, c^taaiy, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II.
Ptaatoa, Afext H. Stephens, Sweetser, Taylor, Tbomas,
Thnrmaa, t'ttderftiO, Van Dyke, Vinton, WaJden, Waldo,
Watkim, Weitfirortli, White, Williams, Wrigtot, and
Yoanr—ISO.
So the amendment of the committee was not
concurred in.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill to a third reading.
Mr. STROJfG moved to lay the bill upon the
table, and called for the yeos and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken on laying the bill
on the table, and resulted—yeas 107, nays 93—as
follows:
TEAS—Mm*. AAntm, Aabe, Arrntt, Bayly, Belle,
Befl, Blnituoi, B<*ork, Bowie, Boyd, Brerk, Bn.bin,
Albrii G. Bmtra. Bprt, Jowfk ONf, Georte A. CaldweB,
Cain*, CinpMI, C'artttr, Casey, Chandler, riingmaa,
Colcorfc. Conrio, Daniel, Dunn. Defcerry, Dickey, Dim-
■Kt, Dnoey, Duma, Dunham, Edmund ion, Alexander
Era**, \axhan Kmu, Fucli, Fowler, Preedley, Kutl'-r,
GkUibt*, Goodetsow. Gorman, Hamilton. Huwwnd, Har-
aboe, Ha/tan, lahan G. Hams, Sampson VV. 11arris,Tbfls.
L- Harrw, Hetard, Hibtard, Hoagland, Htmstom, Howe,
I are, J o*rpb W. iaeluaa, Andrew Johnson, Junes I..
Mum, J«n, Jnlian, Kerr, Letter, Levin. Liulpfietd,
Bmwet Hun, Job Mann, McDonald, McLanahan, R. M.
MeLane, Pins E. Mrtewi, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
VViBie, Meade, John K, Miller, MilUon, Moore, Ogle, Orr,
Outlaw. Parker, Pea lee, Peek, Pitman, Reed, Rob
tew, Rw<, Rom, 3av««e, fawtelle, Hbepperd, Thaddeus
Purm*, Hteuon, Htrnw, Thomas, Jacob Tboiapwn, J as.
Tnnmmtm, ToomtM, To«-k, VenaNe, Wallace, VVellbora,
Wbiiilesey, Wildnck, Williams, and Wilmot—lff7.
KATH— Mm>. Aleiajider, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Aitanan, Bay, Bennett, Bokee, Booth, Bowlin, Bri**s,
Brook*, Wn. J. Brown. Builard, Burrows, Butler, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Clarke, Williamson R. W. C'olA, Cole, Con-
fer, < rnw-U, llttna, l ny, Dner, Eliot, Ewint, Gentry,
<; rry, Gilbert, Go«t, Gould, Green, Grtnnell, Hall, llallo-
way, 11 "Hit, Holmes, Howard, Wm. T. Jaekaon, Robert
W. JoNimi, James G. Kinf, John A. KI nr. La Hire,
Manhsll, Mason, Mattewn, Mfi'lernaml, McGaujjiiey, Mc-
Kusoek, Mea^-ham, Morebead, Morris, Mor*e, Morton,
\eton. Newell, <Hd«, Penn, Phelps, Ph«ni«, Potter, Pnt-
UR. Reynold!*, Riehard<on, Risley, Robins« n, Rockwell,
RaiiHer, Ssickett, Mebermerliorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
f'pmaldioCf.^pragu**, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
M Kta/jUffl, Htreet-T, Taylor, Thuraian, L'nderhill. Van
Dyke, Vmmn, Walden, Waldo, Walk ins, Wentworth,
W a lie, Wnfbi, and Young—9X
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote by '
which the House had agreed to lay the bill on the
table, and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the morning
hour had expired? If it had, he would move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that such a motion
would not be in order until the special order had
been disposed of.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table, and they were ordered.
The question being taken resulted in the affirm-
ative—yens 109, nays 84—as follows:
YKAS— Messrs. Albirtson, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Boeock, Bowie, Boyd, Breck, Albert G.
Brown, RUfl, Burt, Joseph Cable, Georfe A. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clingman,
Corwin, Diunel, Danner, Deberry, Dickey, Dimmick,
Disney, Duncan, Dunham, Edinundwm, Alexander Kvans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Giddings,
Goodenow, Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond. Haralson, Har-
lan, Isham G. H*rri«, San p on \V. Harris, T. L. Harris,
Hehard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoavland, Holladay, Houston,
Howe, Inffe, Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kerr, La Sire, Lemer, Levin, Littlefield,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mason, McDonald, McDowell,
McLanahan. Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen,
MelYillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Moore, Ogle,
Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Peasier, Peek, Pitman, Reed,
Robbing, Root, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, S*tieppent, Thad-
dens Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Toombs, Tuck, Venable, Wallace,
Wellborn, \\ hittlesey, Wildnck, Williams, and Wil-
mot—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Bay,
Bennett, Bokee, Booth, Bowlin, Brigts, Brooks, William
J. Brown, Builard, Burrows, Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Crmvell,
Dixon, Dotv, Duer, Eliot, Ewinc, Gilbert, Gott, Gould,
Green, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hav, Havmond, Holmes,
Howard, William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson. James
G. King. John A. King, Marnhall, Matteson, McClernand,
McCauthev, McKissock, Moms, Morse, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, Olds, Penn, Phelps, Phcenii, Potter, Putnam,
Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Rum-
«ey, Sackeu, Schennertioni,'Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spatil-
ding, Sprajue, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Sweetser,Taylor, Thurman, Underbill, Yan Dyke,
Yimon, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
Wniht, and Young—84.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. BOYD inquired of the Chair what was the
order of business?
The SPEAKER replied, that the next special
order was the bill for the establishment of a
Board of Accounts; and in Committee of the
' Whole on the state of the Union, that special
order would have precedence of any other busi-
ness. In the House, this day, together with oth-
ers having been set apart for the consideration of
territorial business, business of that character in
the House, and not in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, will have precedence.
Mr. BOYD said that he would again propose,
with the general consent of the House, to post-
pone the special order—the bill for the creation of
a Board of Accounts—until Friday next, and that
this day and to-morrow be given to the business of
the Territories.
Mr. ASHMUN could see no possible objection
to the suggestion which had been made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, and there was a reason
■Why the special order—the bill for a Board of
Accounts—might be properly disposed of. The
Judiciary Committee had it in charge to report a bill
upon that subject, or to report amendments to the
Senate bill, and in some material point modifying
it. The committee will probably be able to re-
port by the day after to-morrow, and then the hill
could be more properly considered.
Mr. DANIEL moved to amend the proposition
of the ge itleman from Kentucky by substituting
Monday for Friday, so as not to interfere with
the private bill day.
Mr. BAYLY objected.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. Does the
Chair understand that the House will consent to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
which is to allow territorial business to be the or-
der of the dav for to-day and to-morrow, postpon-
ing the special order—the bill to establish the
Board of Accounts—until Friday ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, objected
to Mr. Botd's proposition.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected to the proposi-
tion, on the ground that it would interfere with one
of the private bill days.
Mr. BOYD said that the private bill day was
already included within the special order—the
Board of Accounts bill, which is a special order
from day to day until disposed of. This motion,
therefore, would not alter this state of things.
The SPEAKER stated, for the information of
the gentleman from Illinois, and of the House, in
reference to private bill days, that both the bill to
establish the Board of Accounts and the territorial
business, would take precedence of private bills
on Friday.
Mr. BOYD said that he understood the objec-
tion was withdrawn.
Mr. BURT inquired of the Chair if such was
the case?
Mr. THOMPSON said that if he could be al-
lowed to make a brief explanation, he would then
withdraw his objection.
Mr. BURT objected to any debate. He wished
to know the fact merely if any objection was made,
because if so he had a motion to make.
The SPEAKER asked if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] objected?
Mr. THOMPSON persisted in his objection.
Mr. BURT moved that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOYD asked the gentleman from South
Carolina to allow him to make a single sugges-
tion. There were a number of bills connected
with territorial business that must be acted on in
this House before they could be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He therefore hoped that the House would not go
into committee just yet.
Mr. BURT withdrew his motion. He said that
he simply desired that some business might be
transacted.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew his objection.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Territories,
to which was referred the following House bills,
reported the same back without amendment, yiz:|
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish the territorial government of Oregon,"and
" An act to establish the territorial government of
Minnesota;" and
A bill to authorize the Legislative Assemblies of
the Territories of Oregon and Minnesota to take
charge of the school lands in said Territories, and
for other purposes.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, said bills were re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WHITE was understood by the Reporter
to inquire whether it was not in order, previous to
the expiration of the morning hour, to proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER (who -was very imperfectly
heard) was understood to say that tne House had
determined to proceed to the consideration of the
territorial business, but that it would not be in or-
der, in any event, to proceed to the consideration
of the business on the Speaker's table, the morn-
ing hour not having commenced.
DELEGATE FROM UTAH.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Territories,
to which was referred the memorial and credentials
of Almon W. Babbitt, reported a joint resolu-
tion to admit a Delegate from the Territory of
Utah; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. JONES objected to the report of such a
resolution from the committee under the special
order.
Mr. STRONG rose to a question of order.
Mr. BOYD said that if he could have the at-
tention of the House, he would not detain it two
minutes.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair understood
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Strong]
as rising: to a point of order.
Mr. STRONG submitted, as his point of order,
that a resolution admitting any one to a seat on
the floor of the House was not territorial busi-
ness, and did not therefore come within that class
of business which had been assigned to these two
^a^he SPEAKER said that the Chair was of opin-
ion that this business related exclusively to one of
the Territories.
