432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb.
5.
Mr. BOYD (continuing) said that the resolu- |
lion proposed legislation in reference to one of the |
Territories. He had but a single word to say in
relation to the matter, and would then propose to
put the resolution upon its passage. First, he
would ask that the resolution might be read:
R esatred &y the Senate and House •/ Representatives of
the United States •/ America in Congress assembled, That
for and during the unexpired term of the Thirty-first Con-
gress, or until a Delegate be duly elected in pursunnceot'ex
isting laws, Almon W. Babbitt be admitted upon the floor of
the House of Representatives as a Delegate from the Terri-
tory of lTtab, with all the rights and privileges enjoyed by the
Delegates from the other Territories of the United States ;
the said Babbitt having been elected by the people of said
Territory on the 5th day of October, 1850, fbr that purpose.
Mr. ASH MUN rose to a point of order, and said:
I understand a pnint of order was made a few
moments since, and was overruled because the res-
olution had not been read at that time. The point
of order which I now make is, that this resolu-
tion does not come within the purview of the order
fixing the day for territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution had been twice
read, which was equivalent to its reception.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether he under-
stood the Chair to decide that it was too late to
make the point of order ?
The SPEAKER said it was too late.
Mr. JONES asked if it was in order to object
to the third reading of the resolution to-day?
The SPEAKER said it was not in order. The
resolution had been read twice, and the question
was on its engrossment.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr Boyd] was upon the floor, having
been deprived of it by the point of order raised by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ash-
mitn.] It was not in order, therefore, for the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to submit the motion.
Mr. BOYD asked that a certificate explanatory
of the election of the Delegate from Utah be read;
and also the memorial upon the subject; and they
were read.
Mr. BOYD. I do not intend to make any ar-
Fimentin favor of the adoption of this resolution.
only ask gentlemen to look to its character, and
they will agTee with me that there can be no ques-
tion whatever with regard to the power that Con-
gress has to pass this resolution. If Congress had
the power to establish the Territory, then certainly
it has the power to pass this resolution providing
for the admission of a Delegate from that Terri-
tory. From what appeared before the committee, I
think there can be no doubt about the facts of the
case. First, it will be remembered that the Con-
gress of the United States established a territorial
government for Utah early in September last, and
they provided for the election of a Delegate from
that Territory to a seat upon this floor. Only a
few days afterwards, on the fifth of October follow-
ing, the people of Utah elected Mr. Babbitt as a
Delegate to represent them in thi3 Congress, It
is a fact, however, that this election did not take
place under the organization provided for the peo-
ple of that Territory by Congress. They elected
Mr. Babbitt under the independent organization of
Utah and Deseret. It appeared before the com-
mittee, from facts about which there can be no
doubt, that the people—almost the entire people—
of Deseret and Utah, desired to have Mr. Babbitt
sent here as their Delegate, and not as their Rep-
resentative. Abandoning the idea of the applica-
tion to Congress for admission as a State, they
asked Congress to admit them as a Territory, ana
to admit Mr. Babbitt as their Delegate upon this
floor. I think there can be no doubt about the
power of this House to admit him as a Delegate
to a seat here.
Mr. BURT. I desire to ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Botd] one or two questions.
I understood him to say that Mr. Babbitt was
again elected last year under the provisional gov-
ernment of Deseret.
Mr. BOYD. It is true.
Mr. BURT. Well, then, I would like to know
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] what
reasons there are that make this present applica- 1
tion different from the one rejected by this House
before? Mr. Babbitt came here, as I understood, t
before as an applicant for a seat as a Delegate to
represent the people of Deseret.
Mr. BOYD. He was then an applicant for a
seat upon this floor as a Representative from the
State of Deseret. To be sure, there was an alter-
native proposed, that if Congress chose to estab-
lish a territorial government, then, in that case, he
should be admitted as a Delegate of such Terri-
tory. But the project for a State government was
abandoned by them. I would remind the House
again, that the proposition then was to admit Mr.
Babbitt to a seat as a Representative upon this
floor; but the Committee of Elections properly
rejected the application. This is a joint resolution,
and if the House think proper that he shall be ad-
, niitted, then they will vote for his admission.
This matter is for the House to determine. I am
| not anxious about the matter myself.
I Mr. BURT said: Mr. Speaker, I have but a
! word to say on this question. I have arisen fa.-
j the purpose of taking a course which shall prevent
1 this matter from consuming the time which the
House has so generously conceded to the consider-
: ation of territorial business.
i I do not by any means agree with my friend
| from Kentucky, [Mr. Bovd,] who seems to think
the proposition is perfectly clear, that if this
i House has a right to admit a Delegate on this floor,
' it necessarily follows that we have a right to pass
! the joint resolution, which has the virtue of a law,
to elect a man to a seat in this House. I have
risen for the purpose of moving that this matter
be referred to the Committee of Elections. I make
that motion, and on it demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR suggested that it be referred to the
Committee on Territories. He further suggested
that the resolution be modified to state that the
election took place in 1850, instead of 1849.
The SPEAKER said that debate was out of
order.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the whole business
upon the table.
The question now being on laying the resolution
on the table,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 82, nays 91—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Ashe, Asbmun,
Arerett, Bingham, Bowie, Albert G. Brown, Burrows,
Burt, Clarice, Clingman, Colcock, Daniel, Danner, Dickey,
Dixon, Edmundson, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freertley,
Gentry, Gould, Green, Halloway, Hammond, Haralson,
Sampson W. Harris, Hay, Hayinond, Hebard, Houston,
Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, James G. King, John A. King, Littlefield,
Marshall, Matteson, McDowell, McGaughey, McLapahan,
McMullen, McQueen, Miilson, Moore, Morse, Morton,
Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Peck, Phoenix, Powell, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Sawtelle, Shepperd, Spaul-
ding, Spragne, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Strong, Taylor,
Thomas, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Waldo, Wallace,
Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Williams, and Wilmot
—82.
NAYS—Mesars. Albertson, Allen, Bay, Bell, Bocock,
Booth, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, Brisbin, Brooks, William J.
Brown, Buel, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George
A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler,
W. R. W. Cobb, Conger, Corwin, Deberry, Diminick, Dis-
ney, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gid-
dings, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Grinnell, Hamilton, Har-
lan, Thomas L. Harris, Henry, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holla-
day, Howe, Julian, La Sere, Lefflcr, Levin, Horace Mann,
Job Mann, Mason, McDonald, McKisaock, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, John K. Miller, Morns, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds,
Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Richardson,
Risley, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Ruinsey, Schermer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, R. H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stetson, Bweetser, Jacob Thompson, Jame 
Thompson, Van Dyke, Venable, Walden, Wentworth,
Wbite, Wildrisk, Wright, and Young—91.
So the joint resolution was not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said that the question now re-
curs on seconding the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, made some re-
mark not distinctly heard.
The SPEAKER said, that if the previous ques-
tion was seconded, the main question would be
first on referring the resolution to the Committee
of Elections; that failing, the question would be
on ordering the resolution to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. STEPHENS said, he had no objection to
referring it to the Committee of Elections. He
asked if that was the first question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER said that would be the first
question if the demand for the previous question
was seconded.
The House was then counted to ascertain wheth-
I er there was a second to the demand for the pre-
I vious question; and there was a second, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was then taken on referring the
resolution to the Committee of Elections, and it
was so referred.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, the Committee on
Territories was discharged from thtf further con-
sideration of the memorial of the citizens of Min-
| nesota, relative to the Fort Snelling Reserve; and it
^ was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
! Mr. BOYD said, there were certain bills on the
j Speaker's table relating to territorial business,
which he asked might be taken up and disposed
of.
The following bills from the Senate were then
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time by their title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
An act to create an additional collection district
in the Territory of Oregon, and for other purposes;
and
An act to pay the expenses of the Cayuse war
in the Territory of Oregon, in the years 1847 and
1848.
Mr. MATTESON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill to settle and adjust the
i expenses of the people of Oregon in defending
j themselves from the attacks and hostilities of the
Cayuse Indians, in the years 1847 and 1848;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
MILITARY RESERVE AT ST. PETER'S.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill
entitled "An act to reduce and define the bound-
aries of the military reservation at St. Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota, and to secure
the rights of the actual settlers thereon."
Mr. T. asked that the bill might be read through
and put upon its passage.
Mr. BOWLIN moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My reason (said Mr. B.) for this mo-
tion is, that it is an important bill, and one which
has not been examined by the members of the
House generally. We have received no informa-
tion here concerning it. The bill makes provis-
ion for cutting down the military reservation at
, Fort Snelling, and to allow preemption rights on
the reservation.
Mr. SIBLEY (interrupting) asked that the bill
be read.
Mr. THURMAN here claimed the floor. He
said he had not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER said he understood the gentle-
man from New York to have yielded the floor.
Mr. THURMAN said he only suspended his
remarks for the purpose of having the bill read.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman should
have stated his intention at the time. It was now
too late to claim the floor. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] was entitled to it, and
would now proceed with his remarks.
Mr. BOWLIN. I have no care in regard to
this bill, except that I have a public duty to per-
form. I wish to state to the House the circum-
stances under which this bill comes before us at
this time.
On Monday last this bill passed through the
Committee on Public Lands when I was not pres-
ent, owing to circumstances which I supposed
would prevent the committee from meeting on that
day. I was not there, and the bill passed with-
out my knowledge or consent. This bill proposes
to cut down our military reservation at Fort Snel-
ling. It not only proposes to cut it down, but
actually prescribes the line to which it is to be re-
stricted. Now, as far as I know, this bill has
been originated and brought here without the
slightest information from the War Department,
as to whether it was advisable that such a restric-
tion should be made upon the reserved lands at
Fort Snelling, or whether it would not be an in-
jury to the interests of the country.
As I remarked, this bill passod the committee
without my knowledge. As soon as I found Jt
had been done, I repaired to the War Department
for information. 1 found that reports had been
heretofore made upon this subject, and that they
