436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
Mlks, so *« to give n nun|'W l to ** «■ hoiuc manufec
tur«*r.
H> Mr I'llAVIM KR Siv ilirtinnl petitions, signed hy
?80 highly-respectable and influential firms and names ot'
Philadelphia, pruning the immediate adoption of Mr. Whit-
ney's plan 'ar a railroad to the Pacific, as the only feasible
and conjtitulior-j! mode of accomplishing Use great and de-
strahle object.
By Mr. JOHN A. KING : The petition of J. G. Tuthill,
Richard Gelster, and Charles Woodhall, assistant marshals
of £udulk county, Xew York, to take the census, a.kini;
Aufm compensation for their o-rnow.
By Mr. OGLE: The petition of lieo. rf. King and fO
otben, cihxrns of Cambna county, Pennsylvania,asking a
change ii> the pre-wnt tariff laws.
By Mr. MEACHAM ■ The petition of E. G. Drake, of
IVerkrids*. V ermont, and 7:3 others, for a board to settle
MOOOal llBMIlt.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petitions of 33
Itgal voter* of the town of Seekonk ; of 133 citizens of the
town of \orth Bndgewater, 103 of whom are legal voter";
of 98 citizens of the town of Warren, 68 of whom are legal
voters; of 298 citizens of West Bridgewaler, 131 of whom
are legid voters; of 119 citizens of the town of Attlcboro',
61 of whom are legal voters; of 1,193 citizensof the ton n *f
Abington, 606 of \\ honi are legal voters ; of 448 citizens of
the town of Canton. H7 of whom are legal voters; of 322
citizens of the town of Wrentbaiu, 144 of whom are legal
voters; of l?3 citizens ot the town of Dorchester, 115 of
whom are legal voters : of 6*< citizensof the cit* of Roxbury,
<1 of whom are legal voter*—all from the State of Massa-
chusetts. and all for the immediate repeal of the fugitive
slave law.
Also, the petition of the " officers of the Genera] Confer-
ence or Free Will Baptists of the L'nited States, in obedi-
ence to the unanimous instructions of said conference,
given in Triennial Convention, composed of delegates rep-
resenting fifty thousand communicants, assembled at Prov-
idence, Rhode Island, t >ctober Ki0," praying for the repeal
of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. GIDDINGS: Petitions for tlie repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law—ot'71 voters of Gloucester; of 164 voter*of
Rock port; of I7P voters of Georgetown; of 414 voters of
Salem; of 112 votersof Nrwbur) port; of 40 voters of An-
dover; of 101 voters in' Charleston : of 101 voters of Louis-
ville ; of 19 voters of West Cambridge; of 45 voters of Lex-
ington ; of 71 voters of Concord; of 163 voters of Lowell;
of 916 voters of Lawrence,—all of Massachusetts. !
By Mr. Fl'LLER : The petition ofT. C. 8. Berry, for a
poM road from Houlton, via Smyrna, to Aroostook Rend.
By Mr. HAY : The petition of William P. Jackson,
Samuel K.~>*>, Joseph B. Tatem, and 40 others, citizens of
Ciunden county, New Jersey, asking Congress to repeal the
duty on raw silk.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of Luman Gibbs, Theodore
Prenti-s. W. H. Besiey and others, that arrearages of pen-
sion mav be paid to said Gibbs from the close of the war of
IS12.
By Mr. MOORE : The memorial of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, asking that all persons entitled to the benefits of the
bonniy land act of September 2H, 1*50, may be allowed not
less than one hundred and sittv acres earli.
By Mr. GOoPENOW : The petition of George F. Cook
and 87 others, citizens of Augusta, in the State of Maine,
for the repeal of the fugitive -lave law of IS50.
By Mr. RI'MSEV: The petition of Horatio Tilden, of
Alleghany county. New York, for the amendment of the
bounty land law of September 28, 1830.
Also, the petition ol Pluletus Olney and others, citizens
of Steuben and Yates counties, New York, for the repeal
of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. FITCll: The petition of H. C. Peck and others,
of St. Joseph county, Indiana, asking a repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law. r
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 111 citizens of the
town of Berket, in the State of Massachusetts, praying
Congress to repeal the law recently enacted for the rendition
of fugitive slaver*.
B> Mr. TAYLOR: Tile petition of William Ellison and
160 others, citizens of Adams county, Ohio, praving Con-
gress to purchase the Louisville Canal, and cause the navi-
gation thereof to be free.
By Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia: The memorial of Char-
lotte «a-<porta«. by Ja-oh Delamotta. attorney, praying for
the pn« aec of the French spoliation bill.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of 45 citizens of the town
of Ripley, Ohio, for the removal of tile obstruction to the
navigation around the falls of the Ohio river.
By Mr. GIHDIXGS: The petition of James Erwin and
60 citizen* of the United States for land reform; of A. R.
Spa/ford and 31 citizens of Cincinnati, for a congress of
nations to preserve peace; of Simeon Beans and 57 citizens
of Pennsylvania for repeal of fugitive law; and of David
West and 73 citizens of Pennsylvania for repeal of fugitive
law.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 5, 1851.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President, I
a«k leave to present to the Senate certain joint res-
olutions adopted by the Legislature of the State of
Wigconsin in relation to my colleague, the Hon.
Isaac P. Walker. I ask that they may be read
and placed on file.
The Secretary read them as follows:
Rttolred by the Senate and Jltirmbly oft he State of Wu-
eontin, That so much of the joint resolution of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Wisconsin, passed the 31st of March, A.
D. 1849, as censures the Hon. Isaac P. Walker, and the
instruction in the said resolutions relative to his resigning
bis seat in the Senate of the United States, be and the same
are hereby rescinded: Provided, Nothing in this resolution
eontained shall be considered as censuring or disapproving '■
•f the course of the Hon. Husky Donor, or any of the for- i
mer or present members of Congress from the State of Wis-
consin.
ResolecJ, That the Coventor U requested to torn aril a
copy of tlic foregoing resolution to the President of the Si u
ate of the United States, and to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
Mr. WALKER. These resolutions having
■been introduced, I hope I maybe indulged ir> a
very few observations.
It will be remembered by the Senate, as it is
known to the country, that about two years ago I
introduced to the Senate, as an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, which was
then under consideration, an amendment to extend
to California the constitution and the genera! laws
of the United States, that the people of that region
of country might have the benefit of the protec-
tion of the constitution of the country and its gen-
eral laws. 1 felt it to be due to California that
such a provision should be made. We were then
at the close of the second session of Congress
since the acquisition of that country. That ses-
sion was about to expire, and nothing had been
done for the protection either of that country or
the people who inhabited it, or to enable the Presi-
dent of the United States to execute his oath and
duty of office. For this act I was censured by the
Legislature of Wisconsin. They passed a reso-
lution condemnatory of my course, and in that
resolution they requested me to resign the seat I
occupy in this boay. No opportunity was given
me to be heard, but this was expressly refused.
This circumstance was caught up by the letter-
writers at the Capitol, by the Free-Soil press
throughout the country, and by most of the press
of the party to which I do not and never shall
belong; and I was denounced in almost every
opprobrious term which the English language sup-
plies.
Mr. President, I did what, at the time, I con-
ceived it was my duty to do, and since that time I
have felt no consciousness of having done wrong;
but, sir, neither I nor any other man could feel
otherwise than oppressed by the course which has
been pursued towards me. But of that I have said
nothing, except to avow continually before my
constituents that I was not guilty of what was
charged against me, and to give to them the reasons
for the course I had taken and the grounds of my
justification, which it will be useless to recapitulate
nere at this time. Suffice it to say that my constitu- ,
ents have examined them, they have reconsidered
the resolutions which were passed by the Legisla-
ture condemnatory of my course, ana with a great
degree of unanimity have reversed, repealed, re-
scinded those resolutions of censure. Sir, it was
but an act of justice to me and to the country,
humble as I maybe; still I return them my sincere
thanks for the noble and almost unanimous man-
ner in which they have rendered me this act of
justice.
MEMORIALS AMD PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented memorials from the
assistant marshals of Ulster, Suffolk, and Colum-
bia counties, in the State of New York, asking
to be allowed additional compensation for their
services in taking the seventh census; which were
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of John Carlin, asking that 1
donations of land may be made for the purpose of
establishing and supporting institutions for the
care and education of the deaf and dumb in the
United States; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands
Mr. SEWARD said the memorial was admira-
bly drawn, and expressed very happily the views ,
of the memorialists in relation to the very inter-
esting subject, and he asked that it might be
printed. At the same time he commended it to
the consideration of the committee. The motion to
print was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, a memorial from the clerks employed in
the post office at Wheeling, in the State of Virginia,
setting forth the inadequacy of their salaries, and
asking to be allowed an increase of the same;
which waa referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, from the Peru Monthly Meeting of
Friends in New York; a petition from citizens of
Oswego, in the same State, and a petition of citi-
zens of Littlefield, in the State of Connecticut, ask-
ing the immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law,
which he moved to refer to the Committee on the
Judiciary. ,
On motion Ijy Mr. CLAY, it was ordered thru
they lit- on the table.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Barnabat,
Bute*, asking that a contract may be r^ade with
h'.m and his associates foi die transportation and
delivery of the United States mail at i reduced
rate; which was referred to the Commit'?? on the
Post Office and Po<<r Rond&.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a menu rial from
the late and present registers and reot-i\ers of the
land office at Vandaha, Illinois, and from thesame
grade of officers at Springfield, Missouri, asking
to be allowed additional compensation fi r locating
military bounty land warrants; which lie moved
to refer to the Committee on Public L-uuls.
Mr. feHILLDS. I take ihis occasion to state,
and I wish it to go out to the country for the in-
formation of those who are interested in it, that a
bill has passed the Senate to make compensation
to registers and receivers, and it is row in the
House of Representathes, through which I sin-
cerely wish it to pass.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw the motion to
refer to the Committee on Public Lands, and move
that it be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the memorial of
Ann C. Gray and John S. Gray and others, sta-
ting that they are the representatives and co-heirs
of J. C. Gray, of the revolutionary army, ask-
ing indemnity for losses sustained on commutation
certificates, &c.; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, asking a modification of the
patent laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, from citizens of Pennsylvania, asking
the amendment of the bounty land law; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, from citizens of the same State, asking an
increase of the tariff of 1846; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Lebanon, in the State of Maine, asking
the unconditional repeal of the fugitive slave law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition from citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, asking the adoption of means
for the amicable adjustment of international con-
troversies; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Also, tour petitions from inhabitants of Ohio,
asking the immediate repeal of the fugitive slave
bill, which he moved to refer to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Ordered that they lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, asking that the bounty
land law may be so amended as to give them one
hundred and sixty acres each; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. BORLAND presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Arkansas, in favor of the establish-
ment of a school like that at West Point, in some
healthful and suitable location in the Southwestern
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of John Lee, asking to be reimbursed for certain
expenses incurred in the improvement of a public
square attached to the Capitol; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a me-
morial from Lieutenant Colonel D. D. Mitchell,
of the Missouri volunteers, asking to be relieved
from the operation of a judgment rendered against
him for an act done in obedience to the orders of
his commanding officer; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the several memo-
rials of merchants of .Philadelphia, asking the
establishment of a line of mail steamers between
the United States and Rio Janeiro, submitted an
elaborate report, which was ordered to be printed,
accompanied by a bill to authorize the Postmaster
General to enter into a contract for the transporta-
tion of the mail from the United States to Ria
Janeiro, in the empire of Brazil; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred House bil
