1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
bill, in the case of the prosecution of an appeal,
will be confined to the examination of the facts as
certified by the inferior court upon the record as
brought up. Well, a writ of error has precisely
that effect, and nothing more. The court will de-
cide both fact and law by the writ of error, upon
the state of the record as brought up, and nothing
more than that can be done under the provisions
of this bill by an appeal when it is brought up.
The whole matter depends entirely upon a ques-
tion of time. That is the whole matter. Whether
you will confine the party to make his election to
prosecute the appeal at the time judgment is ren-
dered against him, or whether you will give him
two or three years after that to consider the decree,
and then to choose whether he will trouble the
Supreme Court at all.
Mr. BERRIEN. I think it is peculiarly unfor-
tunate, in discussing a question of this sort, that
we should differ as to the effect of leaving this to
the Supreme Court. I had really thought that
the distinction between an appeal and a writ of
errorwas one which was recognized. The appeal
brings up the law and evidence. The Supreme
Court has, in the exercise of its discretion in pe-
culiar cases, a right to take new testimony. But,
excluding those peculiar cases, an appeal brings
the case up upon the law and the facts as they were
disclosed in the court below. A writ of error
brings up the case only on those legal questions
which the party appealing shall present to the con-
sideration of the Supreme Court.
But it is not necessary to take up the time of the
Senate further. I am content that the case should
take any course which the Senate thinks proper.
But the effect of allowing the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Kentucky will be to defeat
the object of the bill without accomplishing his
object.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will now, with the view of
accomplishing the object, submit the modification
which I suggested to the amendment, whish is in
these words:
" And if the court shall be satisfied that Ute party desir-
ing to appeal is unable to give such security,the appeal may
be allowed without security."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, there being on a division 22 ayes and 11 noes.
Mr. BENTON. We areinstituting suits against
the whole community; how many no one can say,
but not less than several thousands. These suits
may all have three trials, and all of them will carry
their costs along with them. As the bill now
stands these costs will fall upon the country; and
supposing there are several thousand suits, and
that some of these suits shall go through three
trials, and some two trials, and all of them through
one, and that these trials shall be wheresoever those
who conduct them—for that will be the fact; the
President will have nothing to do with it, except
as operated upon—may choose to bring these peo-
ple together anywhere in the whole State of Cali-
fornia, it must be evident that we are imposing
upon the country a tax of several millions of
dollars.
If the Senate will bring themselves to think about
the expense of lawsuits in any country, and espe-
cially in that country—I leave out the law-
yers' fees, and take only those which will accrue
m the courts and those which will be collected
upon execution—I suppose we may safely say
that by this bill we impose a tax of several mil-
lions of dollars upon the ancient population of
California. If it were upon a trial between indi-
viduals, he who fails will have to pay the costs;
but this is a trial between the Government, on one
side, and the people on the other. Government
makes the law and exempts itself from taxes; takes
its chance to get the land, and refuses to go into
the chance of having to pay the taxes of the suit.
It is said that this bill is to secure a partition;
that all which is wanted is, to find out what is pri-
vate ground and what is public ground. Now, was
there ever a case of persons carrying on proceed-
ings in partition before in which both sides did not
pay the costs? If it is a fair and equitable pro-
ceeding to divide the property, the costs are paid
by botn parties. That is the course throughout
the world. If, then, this system of suing is to be,
what it is said to be, a proceeding to find out the
private claims and to make a division of the land,
upon that principle both parties are bound to pay,
and bound to divide the costs between them. It is
only to approach towards that principle that I here
submit an amendment that the United States shall
pay its own costs in conducting all these cases.
I then go on further to make a provision, which
is known, I believe, to all systems of jurispru-
dence, unless it is this one in which the United
States are suing the entire population for their
lands. The system is, that he who has been
wrongfully harassed at law shall recover back his
costs at any rate. There are other things which
he cannot recover back; the large fee he has paid
his lawyer cannot be recovered, and he can not re-
cover the time which he has lost in defending his
suit; the loss- in his own concerns and interests
while hanging upon the law's delay; and there is
something else, the agony which he undergoes
during the time that his property is at stake in lit-
igation. These things cannot be recovered back;
and in all systems of jurisprudence, where the
party shows at the end of the trial that he has been
wrongfully sued and wrongfully harassed, he gets
at least what the law calls full costs. Therefore,
I submit this amendment to the Senate, and desire
the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, it is a misap-
prehension, as I think, to suppose that the United
States is instituting suits against the people of Cal-
ifornia. The United States has acquired the ter-
ritory of California, subject to the private claims
of individuals who have titles to any portion of the
lands. We are providing by this bill a mode by
which these persons may come before a judicial
tribunal and ascertain ana prove their claims. It
is the individual claimants, therefore, and not the
United States, who are the actors in this matter.
The United States act defensively. Now, sir, the
rule, as I understand it, and as it seems to me,
the rule not merely of the courts, but of justice,
is, that the party failing in the litigation shall be
responsible for the costs. Congress took a differ-
ent view of this matter in the earlier history of our
legislation on this subject. They dealt less liber-
ally with claimants than they are disposed to do
at this day; for in regard to Missouri they pro-
vided even that where a decision was in favor of
the claimant he should be liable to the costs. But
the provision of the act of 1824, as it regarded the
Florida claims, was repealed, and it was provided
that the costs should abide the decision of the suit.
That is the effect and operation of the bill. The
provision is that the party against whom the
judgment of the district court shall be rendered,
be it the United States or be it the individual
claimant, shall give security for costs thereafter to
accrue, as well as those which have accrued.
Under the operation of this bill the principle will
be carried out that the party who has made a claim
not sustained by the judgment of the court shall
pay the costs of the proceedings, which, at his
own instance, have been thus improperly origin-
ated. The provision that the United States shall
pay these costs is not necessary. The United
States, as well as the other party, by the provis-
ions of this bill, will abide the event of the suit.
The provision that the claimant shall recover full
costs is one the effect of which I do not under-
stand. The cost which will have accrued in the
District and Supreme Courts areprovided for by the
bill. They will be the whole costs; and these full
costs are made under the provisions of this bill to
abide the ultimate decision of the District or Su-
preme Court as the final decision may be either the
one or the other. It seems to me that the amend-
ment is unnecessary.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to submit a brief remark,
as, after what has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, it is unnecessary to discuss
this subject at length. But I must say, for one,
that 1 represent a body of constituency not spe-
cially interested or concerned in the settlement of
this land auestion, and I am not willing to tax
them at all for the purpose of defraying the ex-
penses of a litigation in which they are not indi-
vidually interested. The persons who are indi-
vidually interested are those certainly on whom
the expense of litigation should fall, and they can
very well afford to pay the expenses incurred in
consequence of the investigation of a matter in
which they alone are interested.
The question being taken upon division, there
were—ayes 10, noes 25.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
! Mr. BERRIEN. The fourteenth section of the
bill relates to town lots, farm lots, and pasture
| lots, held under a grant from the corporation of
any city, town, or village. It was adopted upon
the representation that certain grants, for the pur-
pose of establishing citieR, towns, or villages, had
been made by the Spanish or Mexican Govern-
ments, which gave to the corporate authorities the
power to grant lots to individuals. It provides
that those corporate authorities may interpose the
claims before the commissioners instead of requir-
ing the individual lot holders to do so. And it
provides, also, that the existence of such city,
town, or village, on the day on which the Ameri-
can flag was hoisted in California, shall be prima
facie evidence of a grant.
The bill provided for the case according to the
actual state of our information at the time it was
drawn up. It has been subsequently suggested
that there are towns in California which were not
in existence at that time, (7th July, 1846,) but
have sprung up since, and now contain a consid-
erable number of inhabitants. Sacramento, I be-
lieve, is an instance of that. It has been estab-
lished since the 7th July, 1846, and contains a
multitude of inhabitants.
To relieve the inhabitants of such towns from
the necessity ofinterposing their individual claims,
I propose to submit an amendment by which the
provisions of this section, so far as they authorize
the interposition of claims by the corporate author-
ities of cities, towns, or villages, shall be extended
to those cities, towns, or villages which have been
established subsequently to the 7th July, 1846, but
not to extend to tnem the provision in regard to the
existence of the town at this time as prima flncit
evidence of a grant.
The amendment will come in at the end of the
fourteenth section, and is as follows:
" And where any city, town, or village shall be in exist-
ence at the time of the passing of this act, the claim for the
land embraced within the limits of the same may be made
by the corporate authorities of the said city, town, or
village."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to, and
the question then was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GWIN addressed the Senate at some length
upon the general features of the bill. His re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. BENTON. I give notice that upon the
passage of the bill to-morrow, I shall ask for the
yeas and nays.
TWO PER CENT. FUND TO MISSOURI.
Mr. BENTON. I have to remind the Senate
that there was a bill pending relative to the State
of Missouri, which was taken up some ten days
ago, and was laid over for the convenience of the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clat.] The Sen-
} ator is now in his seat; and, if convenient to him,
I I should be gratified to have it taken up to-day.
| But if it is not, I hope it will be taken up as early
as possible.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from Missouri is
very desirous to proceed now, I shall not oppose it,
though I should prefer to wait until to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON. I put it upon the ground of
convenience, and will be willing to let it he over.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now move to take up
the joint resolution in reference to the assignability
of land warrants.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution " ex-
planatory of the act approved September 28,1850,
entitled " An act granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States," is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. There
are three amendments, which Senators have pro-
posed to offer, printed by the direction of the Sen-
ate. One is by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Jones;] one by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin;] and one by the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Borland.]
The joint resolution provides:
" That nothing in the act approved September twenty-
eighth, eighteen hundred and fifty,' granting bounty land
tn certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military service of the Untited States,* shall be so eon-
