440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
■trued as to prevent the sale and transfer of any certificate
or warrant issued by virtue of said act prior to the locauon
ofthe samej or the issue of the patent thereon."
Mr. JONES. I will now offer my amendment
as follows, to come in as additional sections:
« s«c. . And be it further resolved, That the registers
and receivers of the United States land offices shall here-
after he severally authorized to charge and receive, for their
cervices in locating bounty land warrants, the same rate of
compensation or percentage to which they are entitled l>y
law for sales of the public lands for cash, at the r.itc of
one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre ; the said com-
pensation to be hereafter paid by the assignees or holders of
•ucb warrants, in all cases where the same have been trans-
ferred by the soldier or his legal or personal representative,
under the provisions of the acts of Congress and the reg-
ulations of the general Land Office on that subject, and to
be paid out of the Treasury of the United States, upon the
adjustment of the accounts of such officers, where it shall
be shown to the satisfaction of the General Land Office that
the same was located by the soldier or warrantee, or in
case of his death by his next of kin, as provided by tlie
acts of Congress aforesaid.
Sec. —. And be itfurtherretolved, That the said officers,
whether in or out of office at the passage of this act, or
their legal or personal representatives, in case of their
death, shall be entitled to receive from the Treasury of the
United States, fbr similar services heretofore performed in
such cases, an amount equal to the compensation provided
for by the first section of thii act, after deducting the
amount already received by such officers, under the act en-
titled 'An act to require the holders of military land war-
rants to compensate the land officers of the United States
for services in relation to the location of those warrants,'
approved May seventeenth, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight : Provided, That no register or receiver shall receive
any compensation out of the Treasury of the United States
lor past services who has charged and received illegal or
exorbitant fees for the location of such warrants."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If an earnest request
would have any influence, I would beg my friend
to withdraw the amendment; but if he persists in
it, I do hope it will not be adopted. It seems to
me that the matter of the amendment is hardly-
germane to that of the original resolution. We
have a resolution here to make land warrants as-
signable, and the proposition is to amend it by
adding a provision to regulate the fees and allow-
ances to registers and receivers. I do think the
subject incompatible, and that we ought not to
unite it to the original resolution. But if you
were to unite them, and send the bill as amended
back to the House of Representatives, every Sen-
ator must see that at this late period of the session,
it will jeopard the whole matter. The probability
is that the House would not act upon it. But if
they should act upon it and reject it, or pass it
witn an amendment, and it should be sent back to
the Senate, what time in all likelihood shall we
have to dispose of any amendment the House may
make? You see at once that if this matter is to
be introduced here, the probability is that the
■whole measure will be defeated. And again, if
my friend persist in this amendment, perhaps gen-
tlemen will get up and say the fee is too nigh or
too low, and we shall have propositions to amend
it. I hope we will get clear of it by not adopting
it.
While I am up, allow me to make a brief re-
mark in reply to some arguments in regard to the
propriety of the original resolution. I could adduce
a variety of arguments to enforce it, but I should
be repeating what has already been said by other
gentlemen.
But there is one objection to the original resolu-
tion to which I beg leave very shortly to advert
and reply. It is that its passage will foster specu-
lation, and that it will injure the new States, in
whose territory these land warrants in all likeli-
hood will be located. Now, the refusal to pass
this resolution will foster speculation in these land
warrants to an enormous extent. I will tell you
how. Do you suppose that the old soldiers, scat-
tered all over the United States, are going in per-
son to hunt up a tract of land upon which to lo-
cate their warrants? Does any man suppose that
the widows of the old soldiers will go to hunt up
a location of forty or one hundred and sixty
acres ? Why a man that supposes anything ol'
that sort must be governed by an imagination and
fancy altogether beyond the control of fact and
reason. We all know that the value of the land
when found would not pay the expenses of hunt-
ing it up. What is the consequence ? It is that
the widow and old soldier must pay for locating
the land. They must hire an agent to do it.
Now, many of them have not the means to pay
this agent or hire him. What will result from
™at-> ^ we do not make the warrants assigna-
ble, they will promise to give one half or even
three fourths to have the business done, and the
agent will take their words for it. But, inasmuch |
as you will not allow him to enter into a legal ob-
ligation, and as he trusts to their honor, he will ;
be the more exorbitant in making his demands. 1
That will be the effect of your legislation, and all
these warrants will get into the hands of specula- ;
tors, who will take these promises of the old soldiers
and widows, whilst they will be more exorbitant
in their demands, because you do not make laws
which will bind them to execute them. They will 1
then go and locate these lands and get the patents,
and after they have done that they will purchase
up the remainder of the claim, which has not been
promised by the widow or soldier, for a mere
song; and in this way they appropriate all these
lands to a much greater degree than they can pos-
sibly be done if you make the land warrants as-
signable.
' That is precisely the effect of your present legis-
lation upon the interests of this people, and will
be if you allow it to stand as it does. They will
not and cannot go in person to make this location.
It will have to be done through agents, and they
cannot pay without making promises of a part of
the land. They will make such promises and
comply with them. They cannot sell the land
until it is located under your present system, and
they will promise to give a portion of it when
located; and I say they will comply in nine cases
out of ten with these promises, because, poor and
humble as they are, they have as much honor in
complying with promises as any of us. You just
diminish the value of the property in their hands,
and force upon them the necessity of making these
promises in behalf of the agent, and thus foster
speculation. When these locations are made they
know nothing of the quality of the land and its
value, and they will just have to take what these
agents will give them for the little pittance which
they have not promised to give away.
But let me tell you some facts in regard to this
matter. These lands, when located under the'cir-
cumstances I have stated, by promises made to
these agents, will be located in just as large bodies,
and larger too; for this meets the objection made
here the other day that if you allow tnem to be as-
signed the agent, when he undertakes to locate
them for all the widows and all the soldiers, will
have neither the time nor the disposition to run all
over the country to make the best selection, but
he will consult his ease and convenience, and will
make the location "of the warrants in a body, par-
ticularly if he can find good land, with a view to
ulterior speculation. Well, sir, the objection was
that that would be an injury to the new States. I
say the injury will be just as great, and I think
greater, by allowing the agents to be employed to
locate the lands, as it would be if you allow them
to buy the warrants by making tnem assignable.
So that there is no objection as to the injury to
the new States growing out ofthat. But one idea
more. It is this, and it is founded upon experi-
ence. In the war of 1812 you had military dis-
tricts in Arkansas, in Illinois, and perhaps some-
where else. Now, I happen to have a good deal
of knowledge in regard to the past about these
military districts. Under your present system, if
you refuse to let the warrants be made assignable,
you compel the soldier and widow to have the
lands located and the patents obtained. When
that is done, who will pay the taxes upon their
lands ? Who paid the taxes upon the land in 1812?
Nobody. What became of those lands? Mil-
lions and millions of acres were sold by the State
of Illinois for the non-payment of taxes, and spec-
ulators who purchased up those lands came over
into my section of the country and made trades
and bargains, and swept off all these tax-titles in
the purchase of farms that had good titles. That
is the course of speculation which, during the
past, was largely indulged in. I know individ-
uals who made fortunes out of these military
bounty land warrants. That is the course you
are about to force upon us now. You are about
to force the widow and the old soldier to obtain
their patent for the land. They never can visit
that land to see what it is worth, and make a sale.
They can employ agents, and the probability is
that they will all be sold, and we will have the old
game of 1812 enacted over again. As a gentleman
has justly remarked, you place the old soldier in
such a position that you give to him with one
hand and take away with the other. You tanta-
lize him. You hold out to him some little benefit
by granting these warrants, and then you place
him under a system of laws, the result of which
is that he loses his warrant and his money be-
sides.
I believe I said I would stop with this idea,
but I believe I will give one more and then I will
take my seat. The remark I desire to make is
founded upon a letter 1 received from one of these
old soldiers. He says that in his heart he thanked
Congress for the recollectioa which it had of the
services he had rendered in the war of 1812. He
looked upon it as an honor to have a little gratu-
ity made to him for his services in that war. But
when it was coupled with a provision which
seemed to imply that lie was not able to manage
his own affairs, but wanted a sruardian, lie felt
quite hurt, and thought the Government did not
treat him as he ought to be treated. Now that is
the feeling of all of them. They feel m their
hearts thankful for this little gratuity which you
give them, but they think they ought to be allowed
to dispose of it as they please. They feel cajiable
of managing their own affairs unembarrassed by
the legislation of Congress. They do not want
guardians. They feel hurt, as my correspondent
did, that you trammel them by these restrictions.
They all wish to have the warrants so given that
they can sell or locate as they please, so that if
they choose they can go to a new country, and
select a home with their warrant, and if they
choose to stay where they are, they want the privi-
lege of selling the warrant. Now, can anything
be more reasonable than to allow these old men
to have this privilege ?
Mr. JONES. I am reluctantly compelled to re-
fuse to comply with the earnest request of my
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.] If
my amendment is not germane to the subject mat-
ter of this bill, I am quite certain it will not be to
any other bill that will be brought up at this ses-
sion of Congress. Some two years since, at a
former session, the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin made a similar proposition to amend a bill
then before the Senate, for the establishment of a
custom-house. It was then said by honorable
gentlemen here, that that amendment was not ger-
mane to the subject then under consideration.
They agreed that the proposition to compensate
these officers was very right, if proposed at the
proper time, and to a measure connected with the
subject. Now, that this joint resolution to amend
the law is brought directly before us for our ac-
tion, we are told that the amendment which I pro-
pose is, if not. out of order, at least not relevant
to the subject under consideration. The exact
time will never come, I fear, if we have to wait
the pleasure of those who are interested for these
brave old soldiers, or more particularly, of their
assigns—the warm-hearted speculators.
When, in 1847, the bill was passed to grant
bounty lands to those who served our country in
the war with Mexico, it was then understood at
the General Land Office, as well as at the land of-
fices where the locations were made, that the ex-
isting law authorized the usual percentage to be
paid to the register and receiver. The question
was, however, brought to the especial notice and
consideration of the law expounders at the De-
partment, where it was decided, I think wrong-
fully, that the law did not authorize the charge;
and, I believe, upon the ground, that as the bounty
land was a mere gratuity to the soldier, the land
officers had to be equally liberal, and give their ser-
vices, as well as the labor of their clerks, whom
they had to employ as additional force in conse-
quence of the increased duties thus imposed upon
them. Now, Mr. President, I ask my friend from
Kentucky and others who are and have been op-
posing my own and other similar amendments and
propositions, if it is not illiberal and unjust, (if
not illegal,) and certainly ungrateful in these bene-
ficiaries, to refuse the hire to which these meri-
torious "laborers" (the registers and receivers)
are entitled ?
It is well known that the duties to be performed
in the receipt of these land warrants instead of
money, are much more onerous, difficult, and re-
sponsible now than when nothing but hard gold
was received in payment. They are required to
employ an additional clerk, and sometimes more,
in consequence of the increased labor which, by
the receipt of these land warrants, is thrown upon
them. ,
A bill, similar in its provisions to the amend-
