1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
frame a bill, and that the Legislatures will act under
that bill in such a manner as to rob their own
constituencies, and deprive the trust fund com-
mitted to their charge, for the benefit of their own
neighbors, and their own offspring, of much of its !
value. He presumes that the Delegates from these
Territories, and the Territorial Legislatures, are
not as good guardians of their own interests and
the interests of their constituents, as the Commit-
tee on Public Lands and this House. The truth
is, that when the school sections are leased, they
become settled and cultivated, and likewise the
lands in the vicinity are settled and cultivated and
increased in value during the three or four years
while the former are permitted to be leased, and
the whole land increased in value, and of course
the school lands bear their proportionate share of
increase, and will subsequently sell for quadruple
the sum they would sell for if thrown into the
market immediately after survey. With these re-
marks, I leave the matter in the hands of the Dele-
gates themselves.
Mr. BO WLIN and Mr. SIBLEY addressed the
Chair simultaneously.
The CHAIRMAN recognized the gentleman
from Missouri, and said that he had already ad-
dressed the committee on this subject, but that he
could proceed, as there was no contestant but the
gentleman from Minnesota, who had also spoken
on the subject.
Mr. BO WLIN said that he did not intend an-
swering the speech which had just been made
against him. He designed to offer an amendment
to the first section of the bill, namely, to strike out
all after the word "and," in the third line, to the
end of the section, inclusive of the "and." That
was to strike out the provision that the Territorial
Legislatures would Jiave power to lease these j
school laws for a limited time.
Mr. VINTON said that he believed there was
a motion now pending to strike out the second sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. B0WL1N said, this amendment referred to
the first section.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair on yester-
day regarded the first section as having passed
when he entertained the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio to strike out the second section.
Mr. BOWLIN suggested that the bill had not
been read by sections.
The CHAIRMAN. There was no proposition
to amend the bill by sections, and no call for the |
reading of it by sections; but the Chair enter-
tained the motion to strike out the second section,
and he now considered that as the pending ques-
tion before the committee. W^hen the Chair re- !
ceived that motion he asked the gentleman if there
was any proposition to amend the first section;
and none was offered.
Mr. VINTON said that the facts were as st9p
by the Chair. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] had moved to lay the bill aside to be
reported to the House, and he (Mr. V.) then
moved the amendment now pending.
Mr. BOWLIN here made some suggestions
which were not heard by the Reporter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
on yesterday the bill was not read by sections;
but when the gentleman from Ohio offered his
amendment to strike out the second section, the
Chair inquired if there was no motion to amend
the first section, but neither section was read.
There was no proposition to amend the first sec-
tion, and the Chair therefore received the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio to the second
section, and that motion must be considered as the
question now before the committee.
Mr. BOWLIN inquired if the first section was
then unamendable?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be amendable, be-
cause the Chair received the amendments as though
the whole bill was before the committee. A pre-
cedence must certainly be given to the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Viuton.]
Mr. BOWLIN hoped that the gentleman from
Ohio would withdraw his motion for one moment,
to allow him (Mr. B.) to propose his amendment.
Mr. VINTON declined to do so, as he was
desirous to have a vote on his amendment.
Mr. BOWLIN asked the Chair if he could not
offer his amendment afterwards, when the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio was disposed of?
The CHAIRMAN said that the Chair would
then rule the amendment to be in order.
Mr. SIBLEY hoped that the bill would receive
the full and careful attention of the committee, for
he was anxious that it should be as nearly as
possible perfected prior to its passage, as it was
a bill of great importance to the frontier. He (Mr.
S.) had understood the gentleman from Missouri,
the chairman of the Committee on the Public Lands,
to say that the provisions of the bill under con-
sideration were not sanctioned by any existing
preemption laws. It so happened that the first
and third sections of the proposed bill were almost
exact transcripts of acts that had been already
passed in relation to the Territories of Michigan
and Wisconsin,and the second section was also
nearly an exact copy of a law passed authorizing
the settlement of certain school lands in Florida,
Iowa, and Wisconsin. He would send the law
to the Clerk's desk that it might be read.
The Clerk then read, as follows:
AN ACT to authorize the selection of certain school lands
in the Territories of Florida, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
Be it enacted, $c., That wherever the sixteenth sections in
said Territories, either in whole or in part, are now or may
hereafter be included in private claim* held by titles con-
firmed or legally decided to be valid and sufficient, other lands
equivalent thereto, within any land district in said Territo-
ries most adjacent to -said lands so taken up by private
claims, '* which have been offered at public sale, and re-
main unsold," may be selected in lieu thereof, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury; and the lands «o
selected shall be entered in the office of the register of the
land district in which they may lie, and be by such register
reported to the Commissioner of the General Land Office
as school lands selected under this act: Provided, That be-
fore making any entry of such other lands, the case shall be
made out to the satisfaction of the register and receiver of
said district, agreeably to the rules to be prescribed by the
Commissioner of the Genera] Land Office, for the purpose
of showing that the sixteenth section, or part thereof, has
been included in the manner above mentioned."
June 15, 1844.
Mr. VINTON (interposing, and Mr. Sibley
yielding the floor) asked if there were any Span-
ish or French grants in Minnesota? for it was with
reference to such that the act referred to was
Mr. SIBLEY (in continuation) said that he had
anticipated that some such objection would be
urged. He would say to the gentleman from Ohio,
in answer to his question, that although there
were no such grants as he spoke of in Minnesota,
yet there were claims quite as well founded as
these, and which were entitled to equal protection.
He referred to those settlers who, having made im-
provements on the unsurveyed public domain, had
a right to expect that Congress would respect their
claims, as had always previously been done. The
principle involved in the second section of the bill
was exactly that imbodied in the provisions of that
which had been read by the Clerk, and which law
was passed in 1844. • He could not see why per-
sons living on other sections of land should be en-
titled to protection, any more than the man who
had settled upon and improved land that happened
to be situated in the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections that are set apart for school purposes. It
appeared to him that the cases were exactly ana-
logous, so far as any fear of injury to the interests
of the settler and the Territory was concerned;
and if the second section were passed, he did not
see that it would be at all inimical to the interests
of either party.
When the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bow-
lin] had yesterday addressed the committee, he had
understood him to say that the passage of the bill
with the provisions of the first section, would tend
to decrease the value of the public lands. That if
the proposition to lease certain lands for a limited
term were to prevail, the timber would be cut
from off it, and that it would be of no further
value whatever. He (Mr. S.) thought that the
fentleman from Missouri could have but little con-
dence in the Legislative Assembly of Minnesota,
to suppose that the public school lands in that
Territory were not as safe under the care of the
territorial authorities as in the keeping of the gen-
tleman himself, or of the General Government.
He (Mr. S.) could tell the gentleman from Mis-
souri that there was not a man in the Territory
of Minnesota who was not most anxious, and
who would not strain every nerve to preserve the
public lands set apart for school nuiposes from
deterioration; and the people, he believed, were
oerfectly willing to confide this trust to the Terri-
torial Legislature.
He need not say anything further in relation to
that point; but as respectsd the first section of the
bill, he would read an extract from an act in rela-
tion to the Territory of Wisconsin, as follows:
AN ACT authorizing the Legislative Council of the Terri-
tory of Michigan to take charge of school lands in said
Territory:
Be it enacted, 4"c., That the Governor and Legislative
Council of the Territory of Michigan be, and they are here-
by, authorized to make such laws and needful regulations
fs they shall deem most expedient to protect from injury
and waste, section numbered sixteen, in said Territory, re-
served in each township for the support of schools therein ;
and to provide by law for leasing the same for any term not
exceeding four years, in such manner as to render them pro-
ductive and most conducive to the object for which they
were designed-
May 24,1828.
The first section of the proposed bill was an ex-
act transcript of the clause he had read; and he
had yet to learn that hitherto any man had made
any objection to leaving the management of the
land in this way to the territorial governments.
Mr. WENTWORTH interposed, but
Mr. SIBLEY did not yield the floor. Mr. S.
said that the third section of the proposed bill was
an exact copy of an act passed in relation to the
Territory of Wisconsin, which was as follows:
AN ACT concerning a Seminary of Learning in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin:
Be it enacted, Sfc., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to set apart and reserve from
sale, out of any of the pub'ic lands within the Territory of
Wisconsin, to which the Indian title has been or may be
extinguished, and not otherwise appropriated, a quantity of
land not exceeding two entire townships, tor the use and
support of a University within the said Territory, and for
no other use or purpose whatsoever: to be located in tracts
of land of not less than an entire section, corresponding
with any of the legal divisions into which the public lands
are authorized to be surveyed.
June 12, 1838.
Mr. S. then continued. He had shown that
the first and last sections of the proposed bills were
identical with laws that have already been passed
in relation to Territories. The second section,
it appeared to him, he (Mr. S.) had shown
equally to the satisfaction of any impartial person,
that these people, who happened accidentally to
have settled upon the sixteenth section, not know-
ing that the lands that they thus occupied were to
be included in that section, were certainly entitled
to the full benefit of their labor, and of the improve-
ment that they had effected in the land.
He (Mr. S.) had but a few more words to say,
and they were in reference to what the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] had yesterday said.
That gentleman had made this statement, which
he (Mr. S.) did not hear at the time, or it would
have been answered at once:
" I know that all the land that Missouri possesses she has
honestly obtained. Missouri is an observer of the laws,
and she would not legislate in favor of men who would vio-
late those laws. It would be abadpnnciple to introduce
there, any way; it would open the door at once to pre-
emption in advance of public survey, and be contrary to the
whole spirit of the preemption system. If it were to lie al-
lowed, individuals might go over and trespass upon the In-
dian territories."
He (Mr. S.) did not know what the gentleman
might intend to convey by such remarks, but it
would appear that he [Mr. Bowlin] was totally
ignorant of what material the population of the
Territory of Minnesota was composed. The hos-
tility that the gentleman had shown throughout to
every measure that had been proposed for the ben-
efit of the Territory of Minnesota, was not very
characteristic of that magnanimity which he has
the reputation of manifesting when the interests of
his own section are at stake.
Minnesota did not require or ask for more than
she was strictly and justly entitled to, and he (Mr.
S.) hoped that what she had a right to would not
be withheld from her. The Territory did not ex-
pect to receive any more benefits or privileges than
other portions of the Union; but she expected
equal justice. He (Mr. S.) was not conscious of
having made any statement that could have ren-
dered the Territory of Minnesota liable to any such
charge as that which seemed to be implied by the
gentleman from Missouri. He hoped that that
gentleman would be able to explain this matter
in a way which did not carry with it any such im-
putation as that which might be inferred.
Mr. BOWLIN (interposing) said that he had
not read his remarks as reported in the Globe, to
which the gentleman from Minnesota had referred;
but what he had said was, that the people of Mis-
souri would not contemplate or tolerate legislation
with a view to the violation of law. He (Mr. B.)
had said that in reply to a remark that the gentle-
man from Minnesota had used, or that he had un-
