444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
derstood him to make, that there was in Minnesota
a higher Jaw than the laws of Congress, in rela-
tion to the right of preemption on unsurveyed
land.
Mr. SIBLEY said he believed that the gentle- :
man from Missouri knew very well what he (Mr.
S.) referred to in the remark that he made in re- j
gard to a " higher law." He referred to a usage
that was of no more common occurrence in Mi - i
nesotathan in any other western State orTerritory.
And that usage was, that the man who had first ,
gone forward and settled unoccupied lands—who !
had been, as it were, the pioneer of civilization,
should be protected from being turned off the soil
that he had settled and reclaimed. There was no
other "higher law" in Minnesota than that. It
was unfair in the gentleman from Missouri to use
such arguments, in the face of the fact that his
own State, in common with all the States in the
West, had made, or endeavored to make, provis-
ion for the protection of the settlers upon unsur-
veyed lands. He (Mr. S.) would not add any-
thing more at present, but when the debate had
closed, and it was in order so to do, he would offer
an amendment to the second section.
The second section of the bill proposed to be
stricken out was then read, as follows:
Sec. 2.  iixd be it further enacted, That whenever it
shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the Commis-
si oner of the General Land Office that a bona fide settle-
ment lias keen made on sections numbered sixteen and
thirty-six of said lands so reserved as aforesaid, before said
lands were or may hereafter be surveyed, upon the applica-
tion of the owner of such settlement to the officers of the
land office in which said lands are or may hereafter be sit-
uated, there shall be, and is hereby granted to such 6ona
fide settler the right to enter a portion of said reserved lands
"upon which said settlement is or may be located, by legal
subdivisions, not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres,
at the minimum price of the public lands, and in lieu
thereof, there shall be, and there is hereby granted to the
said Territories of Oregon and Minnesota, a quantity equal
in acres and in value to the amount so entered as aforesaid,
to be selected by the authorized agents of said Territories,
under the direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, from anv lands in the same township, or in the
township next adjoining, remaining unsold, which said se-
lected lands shall be considered as part and parcel of the
school lauds already reserved from sale by law in said Ter-
ritories.
Mr. THURSTON asked if an amendment to
the second section was now in order?
The CHAIRMAN said that an amendment to
the amendment to the second section would be in
order.
Mr. THURSTON asked if an amendment
would be in order to both the first and second sec-
tions?
The CHAIRMAN said he thought it would not.
Mr. THURSTON. Then I wish to amend the
second section by striking out all that part of it
which relates to the Territory of Oregon. In ma-
king that motion I will simply state, that this bill
was drawn up by the gentleman from Minnesota
without a previous consultation with me; and
when drawn up it was presented to me and I gave
my consent that the bill should be introduced as it
now is. But, sir, I am unprepared to say what are
the wishes of my Territory upon the questions
presented in the Bill; and, therefore, before a bill
is passed here, operating upon my Territory, I de-
sire to know what are the wishes of my constitu-
ents in regard to it. I hope, then, that the com-
mittee will consent to strike out from the second
section of the bill the words " Oregon Territory;"
and at the proper time I will move to strike them
out in the first section also, so that the bill will
apply exclusively to the Minnesota Territory.
It is proper that I should state here that I do
not ask this because I believe that any part of the
bill is wrong. I believe that the school sections
in the several Territories ought to be submitted
to the Legislatures of those Territories to take care
of. But I am not prepared to say whether my
Territory would approve of a bill which would
allow the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections to be
taken after the land had been surveyed. I am not
prepared to say whether my Territory would ap-
prove of the project which would exclude the Ter-
ritory from enjoying the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections; and not being apprised of the wishes of
my constituents in this particular, I shall urge
upon the committee to strike out all in the bill that
relates to Oregon, in order th^t when she may be
represented hereafter in another Congress, she may
he heard on this subject.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked h.ow much more
time there would be left for debate ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that there were but
three minutes.
Mr- WENTWORTH. Th«n I give notice
tl*at I shall m ve to strike out everything in rela-
tion to the school lands in that bill, so that the
school sections shall not be touched.
Mr. VINTON. There is a motion to that effect
now pending.
Mr. WENTWORTH. When a man squats
upon the school lands, there is a higher law that
takes him off.
Mr. FITCH- Will the gentleman yield me the
fioor?
j Mr. WENTWORTH. I cannot yield the floor.
I have but two minutes left. So far as I am con- ;
! cerned, whenever a territorial bill comes up here
i containing a provision in reference to the school 1
lands similar to that contained in this bill, I shall
i feel compelled to oppose it. I would leave the
matter to the townships. If, when the townships
are organized, they choose to let men squat on 1
their school lands, it is their business, and not the
business of Congress.
I remember well, that in order to encourage
, education in the Territory of Minnesota, we gave l
them another section—twice as much as other .
, States have received—and now they come here and
ask us to give settlers the privilege of squatting on
those lands. I should have been willing to have :
given them twice as much land as they have re- 1
ceived for the purposes of education, but I would
not have voted to give them any if I had thought
that it was intended that squatters should settle on
the lands before they were surveyed. In the
western country the matter is left to the towns.
The CHAIRMAN here interrupting the hon-
orable member, announced that the hour had ar-
rived at which, by the order of the House, debate
on this bill was to close.
Mr. VINTON asked for the reading of the sec-
ond section of the bill, which he had proposed to
strike out; and it was again read, (as inserted
' above.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had moved to strike out
the whole of this section, but that the question
would first be taken on the motion of the gentle- 1
man from Oregon, [Mr. Thurston,] to strike out j
all that part of the second section that related to I
the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. HALL inquired if it was now in order to j
propose a substitute for the entire section ? j
The CHAIRMAN said that it was not now in ;
order to move a substitute for the entire section, ■
as there was a motion pending to strike out a part I
of that section.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thurs-
i ton's amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Vinton's motion
to strike out the entire section as amended.
Mr. HALL inquired if it was now in order to
move to strike out and insert, before the question
1 was put on the motion to strike out the entire sec-
tion?
The CHAIR said that it was in order.
Mr. HALL offered the following substitute for
the entire section:
, That every settler on the public lands in the Territories of
Oregon and Minnesota which were not surveyed at the date
of the settlement, who shall, after the survey of said lands,
be ascertained to be on a sixteenth or thirty-sixth section,
set apart for schools in any township, shall be entitled to
enter, at the minimum price, any other quarter section of
the public lands lying in the same land district to which no
other person has the right of preemption, on making satin-
factory proof of his or her residence on such sixteenth or
thirty-sixth section, as required by the existing laws relating
to preemption rights, before the register and receiver of the
; land office of the proper district.
Mr. H. addressed the committee as follows: I
think, sir, that in addition to the objections which
have been stated by my colleague, [Mr. Bowlin,]
i and by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] to
; the section as it now stands, it is exposed to tliis
objection: It proposes to give to the settlers on
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections a preemp-
tion right under different circumstances from those
under which it would be given to settlers upon any
other portion of the pubhc lands. For example,
our preemption laws grant the preemption right
only to those citizens of the United States, or those
who have declared their intention to become such,
who have settled on the public lands and erected
dwellings thereon. Now all that the proposition
contained in this bill requires is, that the person
shall be a bona Jide settler upon these lands. It
does not require that he shall be a continual resi-
dent. It does not require that he shall be a citizen
of the United States, or shall have declared his in-
tention to become such. It does not require that
he shall have erected dwellings thereon. It is a
total change in the preemption law, so far as the
settlers on the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
are concerned. An individual who settles upon
other public lands, even if they have been surveyed,
is not entitled to a preemption right unless he does
much more than is required by this section from
: the settler on the sixteenth and thirty-sixth see-
j tions.
I am willing when an individual settles upon un-
■ surveyed public lands, to give him a preemption
i right. I am willing even when a man settles on
' the unsurveyed public lands, on the sixteenth or
thirty-sixth sections, to grant him what is termed
"a float;" that is, if his settlement upon the land
: he occupies interferes with the rights of the State
or Territory and deprives them of the advantages
: of our munificent school fund, to permit him to
, take other public lands to which no other individual
has a preemption right, on paying $1 25 per acre.
I ain willing to do this, and it is what has been
, uniformly done before. In the preemption act of
1840, and in the prior act of 1838, there is an ex-
press stipulation made in the very language of the
amendment which I have sent to the table, provi-
ding that when the settler falls on the sixteenth
section, he shall have a right, upon proving
his settlement before the register ana receiver of
the public land office, to take other lands not
subject to preemption, by paying a dollar and a
quarter per acre. That is the operation of the law
generally, upon all the States and all the Territories
j except Oregon. At the last session we did pass an
! act similar to that with regard to settlers who have
already settled in the Oregon Territory. I had a
conversation with the Delegate from Oregon, in
reference to the subject, and I gave up my oppo-
sition at his earnest entreaty on his stating 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FITCH said: 1 am opposed to this propo-
sition to strike out the entire section. The motion
of the gentleman from Oregon to strike out that
• ' part of the section which relates to his Territory
was a very proper one. I was not going to make
the motion, nor I presume did any of the members
of the Committee on Territories desire to do so,
without consulting that gentleman, and such con-
sultation had not been had. But I wish to call
the attention of the committee to the fact, that it
would have been totally useless to embrace Oregon,
because the school sections in Oregon are already
provided for. When a settler in Oregon settles
on the school lands, he has not only a preemption
right, but the lands are absolutely his. Itisnot so in
Minnesota. The substitute of the gentleman from
Missouri provides that if a settler in Minnesota
before the lands are surveyed, settles on the school
sections and improves those sections, he shall be
deprived of his improvements, the result of the
labor of years, and again thrust out into the wil-
derness, again to commence his improvements.
This is wrong. It is legislating against these set-
tlers. The settlers are not violating the "higher
law," mentioned by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wentworth,] but they go there in con-
formity with a law recognized by the country and
by the Congress years since. I grant you, that
if they were to settle upon the school land know-
ing it to be such, they ought to be ejected.. But
they settle upon the land before it is surveyed,
ana therefore they do not know it and cannot
know it.
If you strike out this section, you rob these
men of the improvements which they have made
by years of labor, and send them forth to seek
i another home on the frontier; and as compensa-
tion for these improvements you give them the
poor privilege, which they had before, of preempt-
ing another piece of land. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] argued upon the pre-
sumption that the bill grants a preemption right
to those who settled on the school lands knowing
them to be such. This argument of the honor-
; able member shows that he lias not read the bill,
because it does not provide for giving them any
such privilege. On the contrary, if they settle
upon school lands knowing it to be such, they
will be hereafter, as they have been heretofore,
ejected; but if they settle on it without any such
