1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
original Delegate ? If I remember rightly, we paid 11
one Delegate here at the last session. i
Mr. KlTCH. We paid the Delegate. This
gentleman,as the language of the bill itself shows,
and aa appear* from the proof before the Com-
mittee on Territories, was the agent merely of
that Territory, to appear for a Territorial or State
government, whichever Congress should choose to
recognize. A similar messenger was sent here
from Oregon under similar circumstances, and he
was paid. 1 see no reason why we should dis-
criminate against this individual for similar ser-
vices, which we have recognized in another case,
and where, too, we paid the individual.
Mr. STRONG said: Mr. Chairman, it will be
wfollwted that an application was presented last
session from the Territory' of Deseret, for admis-
sion into this Union as a State, or rather, an appli-
cation was brought here and was put away among
the documents of Congress, as the constitution of
the State of Deseret. That application was brought
and presented by Mr. Babbitt. That gentleman
also presented certain credentials, as they were
called; in consideration of which he asked to be
admitted to a seat upon this floor as a Delegate
from the people of Deseret. It will be further
recollected, that that application was referred to
the Committee of Elections, which committee
made a report to the House. This report will
be found atnong the printed documents of this
House. It stated all the facts and circumstances
in regard to this provisional government. The
House decided to pay no attention to the applica-
tion of this government which had been created
by those residing in the neighborhood of the great
Salt Lake. We did not admit the State of Deseret
into the Union, neither did we establish a terri-
torial government there, though we did afterwards
establish a territorial government in Utah. The
House acted upon the principle that there was no
authority vested in the people to form aprovisional
government. They had no authority whatever to
step forward and elect a man to represent them on
this floor as a Delegate from the Territory of Des-
eret, or the State of Deseret, as the case might be;
and the House refused to ratify the act. But a me-
morial was presented by Mr. Babbitt to be admit-
ted to a seat on this floor of the House. It was
stated that the Legislative Assembly of the so-
called State of Deseret had framed that constitu-
tion, appointed Mr. Babbitt as their agent, and
then asked to be admitted into the Union as a State
or Territory; and in case a territorial government
Was established, Mr. Babbitt was to be admitted
to this floor as their Delegate. It seems by the me-
morial itself, that Mr. Babbitt was their agent;
but now, we are called upon to pay another indi-
vidual, who does not appear to have been their
agent at all. Mr. Babbitt was first appointed by
them as their agent to present to this House the
constitution they had adopted. It was so regarded
during the whole of the last session of this Con-
press; nobody ever heard of any other agent than
Air. Babbitt.
It will be recollected, when this report was pre-
sented by the Committee of Elections, and the
House came to a decision in relation to admitting
the State or Territory of Deseret into the Union,
an attempt was made to secure a vote paying Mr.
Babbitt the regular compensation of a Delegate,
though they had rejected his claim to be admitted
as a Delegate to a seat on this floor; and we did
pay him mileage amounting to (2,000 and a com-
pensation of $5 per day dunng most of the session.
He must hare received somewhere in the neigh*
borhood of $3,500, in the aggregate; and for what?
It was for bringing this constitution here, thi« un>-
authorized constitution, which has never been sanc-
tioned, and which, to all intents and purposes, is
nothing more than a piece of blank paper. We
paid him for that. It is the only service we could
Have possibly paid him for. We heard of no
other person whatever as having claims as either
agent or Delegate; and it seems to me not a little
extraordinary that we should now be called upon
to pay another individual as agent.
Mr. HALL here interrupted the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and asked whether this Mr. Bern-
hisel was not a prosecutor of claims before the
Department* here ever since he came to Washing-
ton?
Mr. STRONG. I am not able to answer the
question of the gentleman, except from mere in-
formation. 1 so understand. I do not vouch for the ,
| truth of the assertion, because I have no knowledge
| upon the subject. I was about remarking, when
the gentleman interrupted me, that it seems to me
a little extraordinary that we should have presented
to us now, a claim on the part of any individual
other than Mr. Babbitt, as the bearer of this so-
, called constitution to this House, when the papers
; and the constitution, or rather the memorial ot the
i Legislature of Deseret, the very credentials which
are presented here, show that Mr. Babbitt was the
individual, and no other person had authority to
present these papers to Congress. I move that
the bill be laid aside, and reported to the House
with a recommendation that tt do not pass.
Mr. FITCH. From the testimony which was
laid before the Committee of Elections, 1 have no
doubt that Mr. Babbitt was regularly appointed
a Delegate for the Territory of Minnesota. It ap-
pears from the papers, however, which were laid
before the Committee on Territories, that perhaps
prior to the selection of Mr. Babbitt as a Delegate,
Dr. Bernhisel was sent here aa the regular author-
ised agent of that Territory, and to bear her prop-
ositions to be admitted into the Union as a State,
or be recognized as a Territory. We have com-
pensated Mr. Babbitt in part for his time. Wehave
riid Dr. Bernhisel nothing. It is a matter in which
am not very much interested, and I pretend not
to be a judge of the validity of this claim, but the
papers before the committee fully authorized them
to report this bill. Upon examination I find similar
provisions had been made for an agent and not a
Delegate; an agent merely, for Oregon. The com-
mittee saw no reason why we should discriminate
against this agent. M y friend from Pennsylvania
[iVlr. Stromg] most certainly denied that be had
heard of any other agent or Delegate than Mr.
Babbitt. It was well known here that Dr. Bern-
hisel acted in that capacity—that he presented
himself, if I am not much mistaken, prior to the
appearance of Mr. Babbitt as such agent. The
papers of the latter gentleman were presented and
referred very appropriately to the Committee of
Elections, slid they decided against the validity of
his election, and the decision was doubtless cor-
rect. The papers of this gentleman (Dr. Bern-
hisel) were never sent to that committee, for he
never claimed to be elected as a Delegate. He was
merely appointed as an agent. He was appointed
by the people or by their provisional government,
and he presents himself in that capacity, and asks
us to compensate him for his time and his services
Mr. ROOT said: When it was at first proposed
to set apart a portion of our time the present week
for territorial business, I supposed we should have
territorial business brought forward for our consid-
eration, but I will say that in this I have been disap-
pointed. Instead of public business relating to the
Territories, we have had private speculations, con-
sisting, for the most part, of demands of certain
individuals upon the public Treasury, almost ex-
clusively since this territorial business came up>
Now I think we have had about enough of it. If
there is any important business to come up relating
to Territories, let us have it; at least let us have
something besides these private speculations for
grappling the publie lands or bills for rewarding
Doctor Bernhisel.
Why, sir, of all the claims or demands which
have ever been presented here, this application of
Doctor Bernhisel is the most modest 1 ever heard
of. What are the services he has rendered? Why,
he brought here a memorial from the people in the
Territory of Deseret. Now, where is that Terri-
tory ? where was it ? I believe it included a con-
siderable part of Oregon, a considerable part of
California, the whole of Utah, and a part of New
Mexico, and yet a proposition has been gravely
presented to pay Doctor Bernhisel for bringing
the tail end of a memorial from that Territory.
[Laughter.] We have already paid one man from
that Territory, although this House decided he
had no business here. If Mr. Babbitt had no busi-
ness here, surely Doctor Bernhisel had not.
But, sir, it is against this whole system of re-
warding private individuals for services which have
never been rendered, that I am speaking. Since
the time has been set apart for the consideration
of territorial business, all the real territorial busi-
ness has been crowded out to give way for these
private speculations. I protest against it. I hope
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Strong] will prevail, and that we shall have
no more Doctor Bernhisel speculations. I
Cries of "Question! question!?'
The question was then put upon the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,]
and it was agreed to.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was taken, and carried in the affirm-
ative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the committee had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly certain bills
relating to the Territories, which were ordered to
be reported to the House; some with amendments
and others without, and with a recommendation
that they pass.
SCHOOL LANDS.
The SPEAKER said, the first question would
be on concurring with the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in their amendment to
the bill of the House to authorize the Legislative
Assemblies of the Territories of Oregon and Min-
nesota to take charge of the schoollands in said
Territories, and for other purposes.
Mr. SIBLEY demanded the previous question;
which received a second, and the main question
was ordered; which main question was, first, on
concurring in the amendment of the committee, and
then on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, was,
under the operation of the previous question, read
the third time and passed, in the following form:
A BILL to authorize the Legislative Assemblies of Oregon
and Minnesota to take charge of the school lands in Mid
Territories and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by tke Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of tke United States of ^Smericn in Congrest astem-
iled, That the Governors and Legislative Assemblies of the
Territories of Oregon and Minnesota be, and they are
hereby, authorized to make such law* and needful regula-
tion* as they shall deem most expedient, tcr protect from in-
jury and waste sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in
said Territories, reserved in each township for the support
of schools therein.
Ssc. 3. J&nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior be, ami lie is hereby, authorized and directed
to set apart and reserve from ssle out of sny of the public
lands within the Territory of Minnesota, to which the In-
dian title has been or may be extinguished, and not other-
wise appropriated, a quantity of land not exceeding two en-
tire townships, for the use and support of a University in
1 said Territory, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever:
to be located by legal subdivisions of not less than one sa-
tire section.
CAYUSE WAR.
Senate bill 405, to pay the expenses of the Cay-
use war, in the Territory of Oregon j in the year*
1847 and 1848, coming up in order,
Mr. THURSTON moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question received a second, and
under tne operation thereof the amendment was
concurred in  and the bill was read a third time
and passed.
On motion by Mr. MATTESONj the title of
the bill was amended so as to read i " An act to
settle and adjust the expenses of the people of
Oregon in defending themselves from the attacks
and hostilities of the Cayuse Indians, in the years
1847 and 1848."
BILL8 PASSED.
The following bills, reported from the commit-
tee, were then read the third time, accurding to
order, and passed:
Senate bill entitled " An act to create an addi-
tional collection district in the Territory of Ore-
gon and for other purposes;" and
The House bill to amend the act entitled " An
act to establish the territorial government of Ore-
gon, and the act to establish the territorial govern-
ment of Minnesota."
House bill 452, granting compensation to the
agent of the people of Utah for conveying to
Washington the memorial praying for the estab-
lishment of a State or Territorial government in
said Territory, having been reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the recommendation that it do not pass—
Mr. STRONG moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
The motion to lay upon the table was agreed to,
Mr. McMULLEN moved to reconsider the vols
by which the Hous* had agreed to lay the bill
