450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
town of Athal, in Massachusetts, praying Congress to re-
peal the fugitive slave law passed at the last session.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of Oliver Herrick,
a captain in tlie.army of 1812, for an increase of pension.
Also, the petitions of James Appleton, jr., and 169 others;
of C. L. McAllastcr and 60 others, all citizens of Portland,
in the State of Maine, asking for the repeal of the fugitive
slave law.
BvMr. CALVTN: The petition of Samuel W. Sheller
and 72 others, citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing for a modification of the tariff of 1846.
By Mr. GOULD : The petition of Robert Vandeilburgh,
C. B. Crosby, and Anthony Oris pell, assistant marshals of
Ulster county, New York,"for additional compensation for
taking the census.
N
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 6, 1851. 1
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, made in compliance with the naval appro-
priation act of September 28, 1850, authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to examine into the ;
merits of the various condensers for supplying the
boilers of marine engines with fresh water, and to
report at its next session the result of the exami-
nation, transmitting information that a commission
was instituted to meet at the Navy Yard of Phila-
delphia the 16th December last, to make the exami-
nation, and all claimants for condensers of the ;
above description were advertised to present them !
for examination accordingly. The communica- j
tion is accompanied by a letter from the commis- !
sion suggesting that it be allowed to pursue the
investigation without reference to the termination
of the session of Congress, but expressing their
readiness to conform to any order which the De-
partment may see fit to take. The Secretary of
the Navy suggests that, inasmuch as the subject in-
volves questions of mechanical and chemical sci-
ence, and their proper solution is a matter of great
practical importance, on which may depend the ef-
ficiency and economy of the naval service, the
Department would prefer a thorough investigation
so as to settle as far as possible the entire subject.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the further read-
ing of the document was suspended, and it was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, made in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 6th August last, requir-
ing him to transmit any information he has or may
have obtained in relation to the trade and com-
merce of the British American Colonies with the
United States and other countries since 1829. The
Secretary communicates tabular statements, com-
piled with great care from authentic and official ;
sources, exhibiting the trade of the colonies of the j
United States with each other, their trade with i
foreign countries, tonnage, the state of the fish-
eries, their productions, &c.; also, a descriptive list
of the light-houses in each colony; which was
read, and, on motion by Mr. HAMLIN, ordered to
be printed. 1
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS to print five
thousand copies, the motion was referred to the
Committee on Printing. i
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS. j
The PRESIDENT of the Senate presented a
memorial from the Rev. R. R. Gurley, earnestly
soliciting of Congress to grant, at the present ses-
sion, to the Government of Liberia a lot of such
books and public documents as have from time to
time been published by its order, to form the com-
mencement of a public library, to be preserved
and increased for the benefit of that republic;
which was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Frederick county, in the State of Virginia,
asking such modification of the bounty land law
as will secure to the old soldiers of the war of 1812 :
one hundred and sixty acres of land to each, and j
that the land warrants may be made assignable; ,
which was ordered to be laid on the table. j
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial from
Nicholas Haight, and others, survivors of those ;
who were engaged in the war of 1812, in the ser- ■
vice of the United States, asking such modifica-
tion of the bounty land law as will secure to them ,
one hundred and sixty acres of land, and that the
warrants may be made assignable; which was or- :
leered to be laid on the table. t
STURGEON presented a memorial from
\ residing within the Commonwealth of •
Pennsylvania, asking a general revision of the
tariff laws.
I Also, one from citizens of the same State, ask-
; ing a reduction of the duties on raw silks; which
; were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WINTHROP presented a memorial from
George P. Tewksbury, harbor-master at Boston,
; asking the erection of a sea-wall at Cedar Point,
on Deer Island, and stating that unless speedy i
, measures are taken to make said point more se-
; cure by the erection of a sea-wall against the
power and force of the tides, the navigation of the
harbor will be very materially injured, and sug-
gesting at the same time that a beacon-light placed
on Fawn bar would be a great benefit to the ship-
, ping entering the harbor; which was referred to '
! the Committee on Commerce. j
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was ordered :
that leave be granted to withdraw the papers ac- (
companying House bill No. 80, for the relief of j
Lewis Hastings. j
In this case an adverse report had been made I
by the Committee on Pensions, and the papers 1
were withdrawn that they might be referred to the !
1 Department. j
; REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. j
j Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen- j
1 sions, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate directing said committee to inquire into the
expediency of granting a pension to David Linn,
submitted a report in writing, asking to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the ,
same, on the ground of insufficiency of proof to
warrant his name being placed on the pension
roll; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was ;
referred the memorial of the heirs of Andrew D. j
Crosby, late a purser in the United States Navy,
asking to be discharged from the further consid-
i eration of the same; which was agreed to.
! Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
; was referred the motion to print the memorial of
; John Carlin, asking a grant of public land to en-
dow institutions for the deaf and dumb of the
: United States, reported against printing the same;
1 which was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pen-
j sions, to which was referred House bill No. 215,
| for the relief of Mary Kirby, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill No. 231, for the relief of Alan-
son Pool, reported back the same without amend-
ment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill No. 219, forthe
relief of John Morrison, reported back the same
without amendment, and recommended its pas-
j sage.
| Also, from the same committee, to which was
1 referred House bill No. 220, for the relief of
Adam Garlock, reported back the same without
| amendment, and recommended its passage.
; Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the resolution of
the Senate instructing the committee to inquire
whether the clause in the first section of the act of
; September 28, 1850, providing for the construc-
tion of a sectional balance floating dry-dock, basin,
and railway at such harbor on the coast of the
, Pacific as the Secretary of the Navy may select,
can be so amended and the plan so modified as to
■ save a large amount of public money, stated that
they had had the same under consideration, and
from the facts set forth, asked to Tie discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
\ was agreed to, and the report was read at length
and ordered to be printed.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE,
j A message was received from the House of
. Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President: I am directed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to inform the Senate that it hai passed bills of the
; following titles:
No. 421. An act to amend an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish the territorial government of Oregon, and an act to
establish the territorial government of Minnesota."
No. 430. An act to authorize the Legislative Assemblies
of the Territories of Oregon and Minnesota to take charge
of the school lands in said Territories and J'or other pur-
poses; in which I am directed to ask the concurrence of the
Senate.
The bills were'then severally read a first and
second time by their titles and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bill:
" An act to establish a branch of the Mint of
the United States in California."
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate copies of Colonel McCall's report
to the Secretary of War, dated Santa Fe, New Mexico, July
15tli, 1850, in relation to the population, military resources,
&c., of New Mexico, the best mode of supplying the troops
ill service there, and the force necessary for the protection
of the inhabitants.
Mr. SPRUANCE submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish the Senate with the copy of any report in icl'erenceto
the harbor of New Castle and other harbors of the Delaware,
, with the estimates for the same, and information in relation
I to any obligation on the part of the United States to keep
those harbors in repair.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Bor-
land on the 14th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
1 Resolved, That the Committee on th e Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety of
establishing the following post routes:
; 1st. From Charleston, in Franklin county, via John Ep-
pler's,inthe narrows of Bigg Creek, in Crawford county,
to Walden, in Scott county.
2d. From Little Rock, via the mouth of Cache river,
Oakland, St. Francis, and Marion, to Memphis, Tennes-
see.
WORKS OF ALEXANDER HAMILTON.
The engrossed joint resolution directing the dis-
tribution of the works of Alexander Hamilton,
and for other purposes, was read a third time and
passed.
RAILROAD IN MISSOURI.
| On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
| proceeded to the consideration of the bill granting
the right of way to the State of Missouri, and a
i portion of the public lands, to aid in the construc-
i tion of a railroad from Hannibal to Saint Joseph,
I in said State.
The right of way given by this bill is not to
: exceed one hundred feet on each side of the road;
: but it also gives to the State of Missouri, for the
purpose of aiding in constructing the road, every
alternate section of land for six sections in width
: on each side of the road, and increases the price of
; the remaining sections to double the present mini-
mum price. In these and other respects it con-
{ forms to several other bills which have been passed
for the benefit of other States.
Mr. SHIELDS. To that bill I offer the follow-
ing amendment, as an additional seetion:
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the said road
be extended through the State of Illinois, from Quiney, on
the Mississippi river, via Springfield, Decatur, and Dan-
ville, to the Indiana line, by the line of the Illinois Northern
I Cross Railroad, and that the State of Illinois be entitled to
1 all the privileges and subjected to all the conditions and
restrictions of this act for that purpose."
i Mr. ATCHISON. I trust the Senator from
! Illinois will not insist upon that amendment, for I
think it is calculated to embarrass the bill. I will
vote for it by itself, though from what I hear
around me I find it is thought that Illinois has re-
ceived very nearly her share of the public lands—
at least for this session. But the State of Missouri
' has never received one acre of land for the purpose
of internal improvements except the five hundred
thousand acres of land in 1841 that were forced
upon her against the views of her Senators and
Representatives. This bill has passed the Senate
almost unanimously at two preceding sessions,
and I presume it wul not be necessary for me to
go into any explanation of its provisions.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am in favor of the gentle-
man's bill. I agree with him that Missouri has
not been very well treated, or very well provided
for, in relation to these matters. I will say further,
that if this amendment shall be found to embarrass
the bill, I will withdraw it; but I am instructed by
my State—and those instructions are upon the
, table of the Senate—to insist upon a grant of land
for this purpose. In submitting this amendment
I am but complying with the instructions of my
State. And I may add that this road runs through
■ the central part of Illinois, and through land which
has been in the market for thirty yeftrs, and con-
sequently there is nothing left but refuse land;
but by giving that land to aid in the completion of
' this road, it will be the means of connecting th 
