1851,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
road in Missouri with the great system of mil- i :
roads ob the Atlantic. I present th"is question *o I
ihe Senate in obedience to instructions, anil I ask
that a rote miy be taken upon it; bat I shall vote
for the gentleman's bill, whether this amendment
be adopted or defeated.
Mr. ATCHISON. I say again that I would
most cheerfully vote for the gentlemui's proposi-
tion if it were a separate and independent meas-
ure; but 1 hnve been told, and 1 expect, that it will
embarrass the passage of the bill if this amend-
ment should be adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. A part of the road to which
I refer has been graded, and I am anxious it should
be completed: but if a persistance in my amend-
ment would eadanger the bill ef the Senater from
Missouri I will withdraw it.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. RUSK. I more that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the House bill to reduce
and modify the rates of postage, and to provide
for the coinage of three-cent pieces, for tne pur-
pose of making it a special order.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RUSK. I now move that its further con-
sideration be postponed to Monday next,and that
it be made the special order for that day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will again ob-
ject to this making of special orders, for it inter-
feres with the rights of bills that are upon the cal-
endar. I think we have lost a great deal of time
by making special orders already. We have
much business to transact and we have made no
progress, and unless we return to the order of the
calendar, I fear we never shall.
Mr. DICKINSON. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi would be correct if we
had not departed from the regular order of busi-
ness from the first day of the session to the pres-
ent moment. We have now but little more than
three weeks of the session left, and this and other
important bills Vill not be reached unless they be
made special orders. I hope the motion will pre-
vail.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have myself
some important bills upon the calendar, and 1
have not asked the Senate to take them up out
of their order, because I still hope the Senate
will return to the calendar and reach them in their
order. If, however, it be the pleasure of the Sen;
ate to pursue a different course, I must ask it to
take up those bills which I have in charge also.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed to Monday next, and it was made the
special order for that day.
TWO PER CENT. FUND IN MISSOURI.
The Senate then resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the bill to make
good to the State of Missouri the two per centum
of the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
heretofore withheld from that State.
The question pending was on the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Public Lands to
add to the first section of the bill the words:
" To be faithfully applied by the Legislature of said State
to roads and canals anil works of improvement within tbe
limits of tbe same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move to lay this bill on the table
momentarily, in order to take up the bill to settle
private land claims in California, for the purpose
of putting it on its passage.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to enter into
the argument of this bill; I leave that to the dis-
tinguished Senators who are about to engage in it.
But I wish merely to state the facts before the
Committee on the Public Lands on which they made
a favorable report. There are twelve pubhc land
States entitled to five per centum of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, three per
cent, to be applied for the purposes of education
and two per cent, for the purposes of making roads
and canals. Eight of those States have received
five per cent, of the net proceeds of the sales.
Four of them have received only the three per
cent, fund, with a pledge that the two per cent,
fund would be laid out in roads running- to those
States. The Cumberland road was run to Ohio, I]
and through it to Indiana, and through it to Illi- I
nois, and through it as fur as Vandulia. There i
the road stopped. Missouri, of all the public land
States, has neither received the percentage in •
money, nor has it, as far as I am informed, re-
ceived that which was pledged to it—a road or a
canal. Of the twelve public land States, eight
have received the full per centum. Of the other
four, three have had a road. Ohio ha<l a road to
it and through it. Indiana had a road to and '
through it. That road was stopped in Illinois by
the action of my State, very uuwisely as I think.
But its action prevented Missouri from either get-
ting the benefit of a road or getting the money.
In consequence of this state of facts, the com-
mittee reported in favor of the bill. I have a letter,
which I will read, from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, which sustains this view:
General Land Office, January 27,1851.
Sir : I have the honor to reply to the inquirtescoulained
in your letter of the 27th iu-4aat, in the order in which
the; appear:
1st. To how many States has the five per cent, fund been
paid in cash ?
Answer. To Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida,
Arkansas, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Michigan—eight in all.
2d. Into bow many State* have roads been constructed
by the General Government, to be reimbursed out of this
fund for the amount expended thereon?
Answer. Ohio, Indiana, aud Illinois.
3d. How many States have as yet derived no benefit from
the fund of two per cent. ■
Answer. Missouri has not received any part of that
fund, nor has the Cumberland road been constructed to her
borders.
4th. Has the whole of the two percent, fund accruing
from sales in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri been
expended on the Cumbeifand road ?
Answer. To the 31st December, 1849, thai fund amounts
to §1,343,281, and there has beeu expended $3,883,049.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
J. BUTTEKFIELD, Commitmnur. i
Hon. James Shields, U. S. Senate.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate at some length i
in opposition to the bill. '
Mr. BENTON spoke in its support.
Subsequent explanations were made by Mr.
CLAY and Mr. BENTON, of all which a report j
will appear in the Appendix. i
Mr. GWIN. I now move to lay this bill on the
i table to take up the California bill and pass it.
I Mr. BENTON. I ask the yeas and nays on
I that motion, as that will be a final disposition of
I the case.
Mr. HALE. I want to state a fact to the Sen-
ate, if the Senator from California will withdraw
his motion for a moment.
" Mr. GWIN. I will withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. That bill which the Senator from
California wishes to call up should have been on
the President's table this morning to be read a
third time, but, in looking it over, the committee
found a clerical error, which it was necessary
should be corrected.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to have the yeas and
nays on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. GWIN. I have withdrawn the motion.
The Missouri bill was then reported to the Sen-
ate with an amendment, and the amendment was
concurred in.
There being no further proposition to amend
tbe bill, the question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BENTON. On that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were
taken with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Chase,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Feich, Gwin,
Hamlin, Houston, Shields, Soule, and Walker—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bur}', Butler, Clarke, Clay, Dans of Massachusetts, Daw-
son, Dayton, Dickinson, Ewing, Foote, Hunter, Mason,
Miller, Mort n, Morris, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Khett, Rusk,
Seward, Smith, Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Upbam,
and Wales—31.
So the Senate refused to order the bill to be en-
grossed.
j CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
j The bill to ascertain and settle private land
, claims in California was then taken up for its
third reading.
Mr. BENTON. I gave notice to the Senate
yesterday that I should ask the yeas and nays on
the question of the third reading of this bill. Of
course that is an indication that I shall vote against
it. 1 wish now, by way of showing the reason
why I shall vote against it, to go through the form
of givineinstructions to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands. These instructions will statd for the
reasons why I vote against the bill; and I ask it,
lest my vote may be liable to misapprehension. I
therefore move to recommit the bill with these in-
structions, for the purpose of showing my reasons
for voting against the bill, and to show what kind
of a bill I shall be in favor of.
The instructions of Mr. Benton were to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on the Public Lands,
with instructions to report a plan for a cheap,
speedy, equitable, and definitive ascertainment of
private land claims in California, in which bill
shall be embraced all the equitable and favorable
provisions for the benefit of the claimants hereto-
fore allowed to land claimants in Upper and Lower
Louisiana, and in Florida, and especially to report
provisions to the following effect:
1. To confirm town, village, and pueblo lots,
out-lots, common field-lots, and commons to the
possessors, to the same extent such confirmations
were made in Missouri by the act of 1813.
2. To grant all the vacant ground within the
limits of such towns, out-lots, and commons to
the towns to which such lots and commons be-
long.
3. To confirm to the Catholic parish churches
the building and the two hundred varas square of
land reserved for the use of the parish curate in
the mission secularization act of 1833.
4. To discriminate between large and small
claims, so as to make the decision of the tribunal
in California conclusive in favor of small claims
against the United States.
5. To allow to the claimant in eveiy case an ap-
peal to the Supreme Court of the United States
on the same terms as to costs as those in which
writs of error are granted to citizens of the Uni-
ted States.
6. To require the United States to pay their own
costs in all cases.
7. To allow the claimant whose claim is finally
confirmed to recover his costs.
8. To require the tribunal, whether a board of
commissioners or a district judge, or both, to hold
their sessions in every county m which there are
' claims to be examined.
1 9. To discriminate between claims having a le-
I gal origin, and only requiring a survey to define
1 and fix the quantity, and to provide for immediate
j surveys in all such cases.
j 10. To decide equitably in favor of all small
claims when there is equity in their favor, whether
a legal title can be made out or not.
11. To provide for summary proceedings, as in
, the Louisiana act of 1812.
i 12. To found their whole plan upon the princi-
I pie that a written grant, or actual possession with-
! out'grant, is prima facie evidence of title, and that
the United States, standing in the place of Mexico,
is bound to do whatever her laws, usages, and cus-
toms would have required her to do if California
. had remained under her dominion.
Mr. GWIN. There are many propositions
contained in these instructions which I could vote
for, and which I will vote for, if brought up in
separate bills; but I shall not vote to recommit
this bill, because 1 think it ought to be passed in
its present shape.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall vote against this motion;
first, because I think that this bill has already
occupied our time as long as it is entitled to do;
and second, because it is my opinion that the in-
vestigation of facts which has taken place here
within the last week or two has more than con-
firmed the reasons which I assigned nearly twelve
months ago for the votes against the bill originally
introduced on this subject.
Mr. BENTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to recommit the bill with instruc-
1 tions.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were
taken with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Houston, Seward, Shields, and
SouU—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber
rien, Borland, Cass, Clay, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson,
Downs, Ewing, Felcb, Foote, Greene, Gwin, King, Mason,
Morton, Norris, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Smith, Spruance, Tur-
ney, Underwood, Wales, and Walker—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The. bill was then read a third time and passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
