452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, February 7, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS said that as this was the last
objection day, he would move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. BURT moved that the rules be suspended
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on the
special order. He did not think they had time to
go into the consideration of subjects on the private
calendar.
The SPEAKER stated, that as the latter motion
related to a special order, it would be put to the
House first.
Mr. ASHMUN stud that he should be in favor
of the motion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Burt] after {in hour had been devoted to
the call of committees for reports.
The SPEAKER stated that the call of commit-
tees for reports would not be in order, should the
House refuse even to go into the consideration of
the special order, as this was private bill day.
Mr. VINTON inquired what the special order
was?
The SPEAKER replied that it was the bill to
establish a Board of Accounts.
Mr. WHITE asked if there was not a commu-
nication on the Speaker's table from the Secretary
of the Treasury ?
The SPEAKER stated that there was a large
number of communications.from the Departments
on the Speaker's table. |
Mr. WHITE expressed a wish that, by unani- i
mods consent, a communication from the Secre- ;
tary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of
the House, exhibiting more than two thousand
cases of frauds upon the revenue, might be taken
from the Speaker s table, appropriately referred,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that, as this was
the last objection day, he must object.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked if the bill .
for the relief of the heirs of Colonel Stone would
not come up if the House refused to go into com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER stated that it would be the first
business in order; but that if debate arose it would
have to go over, as no debate would be in order
in the House or in the Committee of the Whole
to-day.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
The question was then taken on Mr. Burt's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative— i
ayes 72, noes 52. [
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the 1
state of the Union, (Mr. McLane, of Maryland,
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the special order
of the day was a bill from the Senate entitled "An
act to establish a Board of Accounts."
Mr. NELSON said that he should detain the
committee but a few moments. The bill now un-
der consideration was, in his judgment, one of the
utmost importance.
The CHAIRMAN (interposing) suggested that
it would be better that (before the gentleman con-
tinued his remarks) the bill should be read through,
and then it could be considered by sections.
The bill was then read through.
Mr, DANIEL stated that he had offered a sub-
stitute for the entire bill, and he asked that it
might be read.
Mr. CHAIRMAN said that the substitute
could only be read by general consent.
Objection was made.
The Clerk then read the amendments to the bill
reported by the Committee of Claims.
Mr. NELSON said: I understand, Mr. Chair-
man, that one of the members of the Committee
on the Judiciary, who has reported a certain
amendment to the House from that committee, is |
desirous of offering a few words in explanation. ;
Under these circumstances, I have no objection to
yield the floor to that gentleman.
_ Mr. MEADE. I merely want to call the atten-
tion of the House to the substitute proposed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to the entire bill, and
1 have obtained the permission of the'gentleman ,
from New York [Mr. Nelson] to occupy some
five minutes in explanation of the difference be-
tween the two propositions. If the House will
give its attention to my explanation, I trust I shall
be enabled to show in what the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary is pre-
ferable to the original bill.
The substitute of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary proposes several very material alterations in
the provisions of the bill that is sent from the
Senate for our action, providing for a permanent
Board of Claims.
The commissioners that are to be appointed un-
der that bill will hold their offices during the term
of six years; but two of them will go out alter-
nately. The bill proposed by the Committee on
the Judiciary limits the operation of this law to
four years, at the expiration of which time both
the law and the board go out of existence, unless
by experience Congress shall come to the determi-
nation that it is wise to continue the board. In
the. mean time, the commissioners will receive
their appointments for the term of four years,
being removable as other officers of the Govern-
ment are by the President of the United States,
and subject to impeachment before the Senate.
The board of commissioners, whilst in existence
under the propositions submitted by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, would have no power what-
soever to bind the Government to the recognition
or payment of any claims submitted to it. It is
made the duty of the Board of Accounts to collect
the testimony, &c., as any other board of judica-
ture would. It is also charged with the important
duty of ascertaining all the facts connected with
the merits of the claims. The various sections of
the bill detail the manner in which the facts are to
be brought out, and guard the interests of the
United States in the most cautious and jealous
manner. The District Attorneys are required,
when testimony is to be taken in their respective
districts, to attend to the interests of the United
States. When the testimony is prepared and
the case ready for a hearing, this board is required
to make a condensed report of all the facts, to-
gether with their decision upon it, to the next
Congress; and if they decide in favor of the claim,
to report the bill precisely as the committee of the
House would report such a bill, so as to cover the
exigencies of the case. The case then comes up
before Congress, and will be presented to it with
all its merits explained by the report of the board,
who are charged with its examination. The bill,
Mr. Chairman, that has been reported to this
House from the Senate is the old bill which was
before the last Congress. There are material pro-
visions in it, which it was deemed prudent by the
Committee on the Judiciary to strike out altogether,
in order that the most objectionable features con-
tained in the old bill, and the objections which
have been urged to it might be avoided. As, Mr.
Chairman, this is an experiment in regard to the
establishment of a new policy, it was thought best
to divest this tribunal of all extraordinary powers.
Hence, the tribunal under the operation of the
proposed substitute will only act in the capacity
of a permanent committee of this House, charged
with the especial duty of examining particularly
into the claims, and seeing that all the facts con-
nected with its merits shall be fairly laid before it.
Having performed this it will make its report, and
the bill which they thus report, if it contains a fa-
vorable decision will he subject to the considera-
tion of Congress, and will be passed if the claim
be thought meritorious by the House.
It was thought best, in an experiment of this
sort, not to invest this tribunal with extraordinary
powers, so as to change the old policy of the
House in regard to the settlement of accounts and
claims. It was thought best that we should feel
our way along at the outset by giving a limited
jurisdiction to the board in regard to these claims,
so that it may only extend to the deciding on the
merits of each individual application.
The chief recommendation of the substitute of-
fered by the Committee on the Judiciary is, that
it cannot possibly do any harm whatsoever. It
cannot possibly do anything prejudicial to the in-
terests of the country, while at the same time it
will enable the Congress of the United States to
act upon private claims, not one of which is ever
understood in this House, when finally brought
before the House for action under the present sys-
tem. I say it will enable us to investigate fairly,
dispassionately, and thoroughly every claim thai
is brought before us. And if there be a member
of the House not acquainted with its merits, who
from press of business is unable to investigate it,
he will have the benefit of this board to guide him,
and he may know that he cannot do much harm
by submitting to its recommendations. I have thus
briefly explained the substitute of the committee,
and I am in hopes that it will receive a favorable
consideration.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the substitute
would be received when the original bill was per-
fected.
Mr. DANIEL asked for the readingof the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it could not be
read without general consent, and that objection
had been made. The substitute, however, would
be received by the Chair, and would be in order
for consideration when the original bill was per-
fected. The amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina could be received as an amend-
ment to the substitute.
Mr. DANIEL hoped the substitute would be
read.
The CHAIRMAN said that it could be done
by general consent.
No objection being made,
The Clerk read the substitute offered by Mr.
Meade, which will be published hereafter.
The amendment to the substitute, offered by
Mr. Daniel, was then read. It will also be pub-
lished hereafter.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, rose to ask a
Suestion of the Chair. He understood that it was
le purpose of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] to offer a substitute for the whole bill,
and that that was the question before the commit-
tee; but another substitute had been read,and then
an amendment to the last substitute. He wished
to know what was the question now before the
committee ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that thequestion be-
fore the committee was on the amendment re-
ported from the Committee of Claims to the first
section of the original bill, viz: to strike out
" $4,079, "and insert "$3,500." A substitute had
been offered by the gentleman from Virginia for
the entire bill, and to that substitute the gentleman
from North Carolina submitted an amendment,
which could not, however, be entertained until the
original bill was perfected.
The Clerk read the first section of the original
and the amendment thereto reported by the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. NELSON said: I was about to observe,
Mr. Chairman, that we are probably at the pres-
ent time about to legislate on a subject which has
been brought up before the last session of Con-
gress, and before previous Congresses. But I think
it unfortunate for the country that no bill of the
charaoter and nature of that now proposed has
ever finally been acted upon by Congress. I ap-
prehend that there is not a gentleman in this com-
mittee who has paid any attention to the subject,
but who feels the importance of establishing some
mode of settling the claims that are made upon this
Government differently from that which now ex-
ists. The amount of these claims is immense; and
it is reasonable to expect that, with a Government
founded and instituted as ours is, extensive as it
is in all its various business transactions, a great
variety of claims must arise—many of them just
and equitable; some of them undoubtedly to some
extent, and even sometimes to the fullest extent,
fraudulent and unfounded either in law or equity.
In adverting to the able report presented at the
last session of Congress, it will be seen from the
schedule annexed to that report, that during the
five Congresses previous to that Congress, extend-
ing over a period of ten years, from 1837 to 1847
inclusive, there were presented to Congress, or
rather, I should say to the House of Representa
tives alone, sixteen thousand five hundred and sev-
enty-three private claims. Upon those private
claims, bills were reported only to the number ot
three thousand four hundred and thirty-six. And
the number of claims which were actually finally
acted upon by this House in ten years, amounted
only to nine hundred and ten. This, as the com-
mittee will perceive, will make an average of the
number of private claims presented to each Con-
gress, three thousand five hundred and seventeen,
of which only six hundred and eighty-seven have
