454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
us. We are called upon, and properly called
upont to consider this subject from the met that
an immense number of claims are pending before
Congress. An immense number of claims are
granted, and a still 5renter number are not acted
upon at all.
The gentleman who has preceded me rives as
a reason for adopting this measure, that the pres-
ent system of legislating upon private claims by
Congress does not seem to answer the ends for
which it was intended. Now, sir, what are the
facts in the case? Why, in ten years nine thou-
sand claims have been presented, out of which
number only some two thousand have been acted
upon, and the balance have been rejected or have
received no action. Does not the gentleman know,
does not any man who has been a member upon
this floor as long as he has, know, that these claims
still survive, if they are not paid, and that they
never die? Do we not all know that these claims
•re immortal, and that they flourish and improve,
get better, and grow stronger every day they
five? Now, what are the facts in relation to these
claims? A claim is presented to-day, and it may
be rejected or it may be paid; but most frequent-
ly, when a petition or claim is presented, a mem-
ber finding no merits in it leaves it lying upon his
table. And it goes over and helps to swell the list
that has already accumulated, and which is con-
stantly increasing by the hundreds upon hun-
dreds of claims that are presented at every ses-
sion of Congress. A member here may present
the claim of some constituent at home who, find-
ing himself short for change, recollects that his
father, grandfather, uncle, or aunt, or somebody
else remotely connected, had performed some Ser-
vice in the war of the Revolution, and he imagines
that he is entitled to some relief. So he sends up
his claim here, and by an effort of imagination
works himself up to the belief, that it is the duty
of the Government to do something for him. The
consequence of the presentation of his claim is,
that it is referred, but the committee do not take
time more than to give it a glance, and see that it
has not proof enough to sustain it. The member
who has presented the claim, when he goes home,
informs the applicant that the proof was insuffi-
cient. So he sets about the procurement of more
proof. His neighbors, in the mean time having
heard that this individual is seeking relief at the
hands of Congress for services rendered by some
remote ancestor, think that they may as well try :
and see if they cannot get something, and so they
•end on their claims to Congress. Hundreds of,
claims come here that have not the least shadow
of foundation to rest upon. Claims that are laid
by one session are brought up the next. Now, :
of all the claims that are reported at the commence-
ment of Congress, not more than one fifth or one
tenth of them are new ones. This accounts for
the enormous number of claims that are awaiting
the action of this body. Why, the oldest man in
this House cannot remember the time when first
some of these claims were presented. And they
have nearly all of them been disallowed, for the
simple reason that they should not be allowed.
This proves that Congress is doing better than many
of us suppose. If out of the nine thousand claims
which have been presented to Congress, not more
than two thousand out of the number have been
acted upon, why, Congress is entitled for their
non-action to more credit than many of us would
have supposed.
But it is a maxim of this country " that jus-
tice shall be administered sole, without denial or
delay." This is in the constitution of every State
in the Union, and has become a stereotyped ex-
pression in forming constitutions. It dates back,
if I mistake not, as far as Magna Charta. Now,
I ask, how many cases in other courts are acted
on without delay ? I would like to have the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Neliow] state how
long claims are delayed in the courts in his own
State—whether four or five years, or more? Why,
in many instances, eases are delayed twenty, or
thirty, or forty yenrs; but it seems merely the
delay in acting on these claims is the reason for
bringing in this bill for the establishment of a
Board of Claims. The facts of the case are,
that when real bona fide claims, which are founded
in justice, are presented here, they are acted upon
with as little delay as claims are collected in the
courts in the State of New York, or in the courts '
of any other State. Why, sir, we have at pres- i
ent,I might say, dozens of Boards of Claims in this
Government, livery bureau uuder tlie Govern-
ment is a Board of Claims, and they have passed,
and are passing, or rather acting upon claims, by
hundreds and by thousands. But it is said, there
are classes of cases which these bureaus cannot
\ allow. This is true, and these claims must come
before Congress; for if claims are presented which
properly come within the province of any depart-
ment of Government, they do not come here,
they are disposed of in their respective depart-
ments; it is only the extraordinary cases, which
cannot properly be referred to any department,
which come here for the consideration of Con- 1
gress. It is such claims as the law does not
provide for by reason of its generality. You
make a general law proposing certain cases to
certain bureaus for investigation, but sometimes
1 cases come up which cannot be arianged under
any of these classes, and consequently cannot
1 be acted upon by any of the bureaus. In other
, words, there is no law that will reach them.
' In this case, Congress is appealed to for relief,
because it cannot be afforded by any existing
law. Now, I submit it to the calm considera-
tion of every gentleman on this floor, whether it
is proper to delegate this authority to this Board
of Accounts which it is proposed to establish.
Why, it is said we must do something to rid this
House of the trouble of attending to private
claims; that they intrench upon the business of
the House too much. Well, agreed. I admit
the truth of the assertion that they do intrench
too much upon the business of the House. But
what can you do? Can you authorize this Board
of Accounts to legislate for you ?—to make your
laws for you? It must come to this if they do any-
| thing, for the bureaus now settle those claims
which come under the existing laws. Now what
; do you want to do ? You want to get relief; but all
: this Board of Accounts can properly do, will be to
examine the evidence and report. If you will del-
egate your authority, why not give it to one of the
* bureaus? But 1 apprehend there are not many here
who will consent to make the action of a board
final on this subject; for if they will reflect upon it
for a moment, they will see how utterly impossible
it would be, in accordance with our duty, to refer
private legislation to any body else other than our-
1 selves, ltistoo palpable, too plain, to require me to
dilate upon it. The great proposition seems to be,
to establish a Board of Claims, whose business it
shall be to investigate those claiiVis and report to
Congress. Now, mark, the business of this board
is not to be purely to report facts. The gentleman
fron New York [Mr. NelSouJ will concur with
\ me in this. You do not require them to report
facts alone, but you require them to sit as a court;
I you require your attorney to appear before them;
! you invest them with all the dignity of a court,
| with power to judge and determine causes; they
are required to report the judgment of the court.
In fact, they make a complete court, which will
have power to sue the United States, and after
it has sued, a regular trial is to be had, proof is
to be taken, and a record of the judgment of the
court is to be reported to Congress. Now, what
is the object? I appeal to gentlemen if they are
going to make this board a kind of grand-jury,
who are to determine whether the United States
are !o be put upon trial. If you do, then carry
out this idea, that this board is a grand-jury who
are to determine whether the Government shall be
put on its trial, and when so determined, then Con-
fress will act as the petit jury and try the cause,
s that the object? No, it is not; because it is pro-
vided in this bill that if this board shall reject
any claim, it may still be brought before Con-
fress. Then, in what light is it to be regarded?
s it to be regarded as a guardian for Congress?
Congress has lived till this time without guardians.
But if this is the design, it does not give us power
to designate who are to be our guardians. I sup-
pose Congress is not yet old enough to select its [
. own guardians. I suppose we come under that
provision in the common law which provides for
, the selection of guardians for orphans.
[ Let this Board of Accounts sit upon a case; let
them take evidence, and hear the argument of
counsel, and give judgment—what will they do ?
They will report the facts and their opinions to
Congress. And suppose this is done, and we
have those facts ana opinions before us, I main-
tain that it is our duty to go into an examination ,
of those facts for ourselves, and act npon them.
And then what is the opinion of the counsel worth?
or wluit is the Board of Account* good for, unless
it be as guardians, and who are to say to us,
Here are the facts; now, you might to do so and
si). Suppose you take the opinions of this board
as correct, what does it amount to? Why, it
amounts to simply this: You make the board the
legislator, and you might as well make their de-
cisions final in the first place. You must examine
what they do, or you must not examine; you have
to do one or the other. If you do not examine
them, and take it for granted that their decisions
are correct, you place the whole legislative power
in their hands; and if you do investigate these
matters yourselves, their report upon this subject
is not worth having—your court is gone. Now,
what will you do in a case of this kind? I main-
tain that this thing of making special legislation
should be an act of Congress—that it belongs to-
Congress exclusively. I maintain, that in order
for Congress to legislate correctly, they must ex-
amine the facts thoroughly, and when this is done,
they are as capable of understanding the case
themselves as they would be if they had the opin-
ions of those three commissioners appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I wish now to call the attention
of the committee for a moment to a little experi-
ence we have had in a case somewhat analogous.
And here I may remark, that there is, probably,
nothing in which we can be engaged for which
we should more readily consult precedents, than
in this business of legislation. It is true we have
thus far got along without a Board of Claims,
i This is true, as far as a general board is concerned;
but after the last war with Great Britain, in 18I6r
: Congress passed a law creating a commissioner for
the purpose of examining the claims which origin-
ated in that war. They limited the duration of
his office to two years, and he exercised the duties
of commissioner of claims during that period. This
was shortly after the second war of our independ-
ence, and probably there was as much public hon-
esty then, as now. It may be said that since that
time the schoolmaster has been abroad, but we fear
thatin many portions of the country, virtue is abroad
and not at home as much as it was then. Now,
what was the result of that Board of Claims?
We have before us a report of the Committee of
Claims, made upon this Board of Claims, by the
Hon. Lewis Williams, late of North Carolina, a
man who was for a long time an honorable and
influential member of this House. This board con-
sisted of but one individual, who was appointed
for the purpose of investigating the claims for the
loss of property during the war of 1812 and 1814
with Great Britain. The commissioner entered
upon the discharge of his duties of investigating and
examining these claims, and allowing such as he
thought just; but such was the pressure of these
claims upon the commissioner, and so many of them
passed, that it became a matter of sufficient import-
ance to justify Mr. Calhoun, who was then Sec-
retary of War, to call the attention of Congress to
the fact. Congress referred it to the Committee
of Claims, and that committee made the report to
which I have referred. I apprehend this report
may well be applied to the present case; and if
this bill is passed, and two years hence a commit-
tee is appointed to examine into the actions of this
Board of Claims, they may look back and adopt
many of the views contained in the celebrated re-
port of Lewis Williams, which I now propose to
have read. I call the attention of the committee to
the fact, that under the law of 1816, creating a com-
mission of claims, all sums over $200 were not
finally decided by the commissioner, but were re-
ferred to the Secretary of War, who was to exam-
ine or have them examined. He did so. Now, it
will be remembered that this was in the palmy days
the late celebrated Peter Hagner, who was not
then an old man, but was in his vigor. These
claims escaped him, they escaped the vigilance of
the Secretary of War; and frauds came down on 1the
Government in such an avalanche, that the whole
country rose in arms against that commission.
Mr. Williams in his report says:
"That in order to determine the propriety of continuing
the above recited actor of extending its provisions, they have
deemed it necessary to notice some of the practices wnicli
have grown up under the law. They would invite the at-
tention of the House to a report of the Secretary of W ar,
made on tlie 23th of February, in compliance with a resolu-
