1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
tk*ft &rertinf hi« to lay before the Home nil account of
tfee mw ftwtnN to (he ditfrrcnt daimiintM by the com-
mi winner under (he act of 9tli April, 1816, the species of
property for which they were respectively *w*rUe<i, tUa-
what sums have been paid, and the cau.ies
wiitob delay ur prevent the payment of the residue. Be-
atdr* the duettn>Hi  from the Commissioner of (Maims, the
report onbrae** a 4tt?awt from the late acting Secretary
of War, imarked i\ with documents marked one and two,
and a statement from the Third Auditor.) These paper*
develop the Am*i, that on the frontiers of the Suite oi New
York, a system of fraud* frrgery, and perhaps perjury, has
bee* in operation, which the committee believe has never
bees witnessed in this country, and which they would
hope has been rarely equalled in any other.
•• The committee think the cases which will not be acted
on when the law expires, had better be transferred to the
War Department for adjudication. At present all claims of
£303 sad upward*, decided by the commissioner, must be
reTi<*ed bj the Secretary before they can be paid ; and all
claims arising nnder the ninth section, inu«t be reported to
Coofress. The same errors of judgment, which should be
guarded against in a claim of large amount, ought equally
to be avoided in small claims, especially it often repeated,
which mu4 be the ca*e as the law now stands. Correct-
ness, certainty, and dispatch, are the beneAte likely to re-
sult from the proposed transfer.
The committee cannot but express their deep regret that
any portion of the people of this country should so ffcr for-
get the obligations of morality and social order as to engage
in practices such as have b?Vn developed. Still more do
they regret that a tow originating in the benign and charit-
able dispositions of Government should be pn>4ituted to
purposes of such iniquity. If any people ever had reason
to be virtuous and happy, it must be the people of the Uni-
ted States. The opportunities of life are so numerous and
easy, the tewaids nt honest exertion so perfectly secured to
every individual, that any departure from correct principles
must be the result of a deep-rooted and causeless depravity.
Against such offences, the denunciations of reason will be
oi no avail. They are to be restrained only by the penal-
ties of the law, which should, in cases of this kind, always
be promptly and rigidly executed.
•• Viewing the practices which have arisen under the
law, the committee feel no hesitation in saying, that the
act of the 9th April, 1616, and the act in amendment there-
of, pissed the 3d of March, 1317, should be permitted to ex-
pire after the 9th of April next ensuing."
Mr. T. continued. Now, Mr. Chairman, it ap-
pears what has been the result of this mode of
adjusting claims against the Government.
Mr. STRONG here interrupted the gentleman
from Tennessee, and asked if the act making pro-
vision for adjusting claims originating in the war
with Great Britain, did not provide for making the
decision of the commissioner final ?
Mr. THOMAS laid: The decision of the com-
missioner of claims under $200 was final; all over
£300 had to go over to the Secretary War, for an
investigation and confirmation. They were not re-
ferred to Congress, but to the Secretary. It is sug-
gested by the honorable gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Dayiel,] that when the act was first
passed, it made the decision of the commissioner
on all claims, great and small, final. I speak of this
matter at the time when this report was made. It
was not then final in relation to claims of more
than #300. bat that class of claims .went to the
Secretary, whose business it was to investigate and
reexamine, and, provided the proof was clearly
established, to pay the claims. The little experi-
ment Government made in this case wound up
with the exposure of the most enormous fraud*
which had been witnessed in this, or in any other
country. With this little experiment before us,
we are asked to establish another board for the
same purpose, consisting of three commissioners.
It is a question upon which gentlemen may have
their own opinions, as to whether you can place
more confidence in one man or three. I know that
many hold, that where you devolve the whole
respoasibilityof official duties upon one man, with
the eyes of the whole country directed towards
him and watching every movement, that he is
more likely to be honest and faithful, than if the
responsibility were divided among several.
It is provided that it shall be the duty of this
commission, when they examine a case, if they
discover from the petition on file that the case has
no merits they are not to order proof. In other
words, they are to try the case as on demurrer,
and if the applicant does not make out such a
case in his petition as the committee thinks will
entitle him to the relief asked for, it is rejected, and
the party comes to Congress. The case is referred
to a committee, and that committee will report
upon it as is now done, just as if the claim had
never been filed before the board. Suppose that
upon the facts set forth in a petition the board
thinks that some relief ought to be granted; the
parties join issue; proofs are taken, and the board
hears the case fully, and decides that it has no
merits. What follows then? They report all
the facts of the cise and their action upon it, to
Congress, and when it comes here it is referred to
a committee. If that committee discharges its
duty honestly and faithfully, they must examine
all the evidence bearing upon the case, although
it has been rejected by the board. Suppose the
board decides that a claim is an honest one: they
report all the facts of the case, present the argu-
ments and reasons for their judgment, and report
a bill. What is the duty of Congress.' To
refer it again to a committee; and when so re-
ferred, it will be the duty of the committee to
whom such reference has been made, if they are
honest in the discharge of their duties, to make
an examination of all the facts, to see whether tiie
bill is right, and either to refer, change, or over-
rule it, as in the judgment of that committee may
seem proper.
Now, what good arises from the committee?
There are three classes of cases, every one of
which must be referred to a committee and a de-
cision made on them by the committee. This bill
rests upon the assumption, that nine honorable
gendemen of this House, who may be placed upon
the Committee of Private Bills, -will not discharge
their duties faithfully, and that we can get three
men appointed by the President who will be more
faithful in the discharge of their duties than the
representatives of the people. It must be so, or
you have no good reasons for appointing such a
board. You must come to the conclusion that
you can get three men appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, who
will better understand their duty than the members
of this House. If you cannot send men to this
House who are wise enough to judge in relation
to these claims, we might as well have no Con-
gress at all. But what use is it for Congress to
understand the facts if they are not called upon to
legislate with a view to those facts? I maintain
that you are bound to make your decisions in ac-
' cordance with those facts. You are not called
upon to legislate as this great man or that great
man may think it just and right, but you are
called upon to legislate upo'n the facts of the case
themselves. Then, I maintain that there is no
use or necessity for this board whatever. The
existing evils are of such a character, if they
be evils at all, that you have no proposition pend-
ing which can properly remedy them. It is said,
that this board will report a bill. Might it not
occur that this board would have a special interest
in having their judgments ratified ? I hope that
no such men would get into that office, but might '
it not occur that they would feel such an interest
in regard to the action of Congress, and the result
would be, we should not only have claim agents
here and the claimants themselves, but the Board of
Claims might have a pride of opinion in having
the decisions made by them ratified by Congress.
By this means, you may have greater difficulties
thrown around legislation here than we now have.
The friends of this bill say, that this Board
of Claims will enable members to understand the
cases ? Let us analyze that argument for a mo-
ment. It is said the report of your Board of Claims
will enable members to understand cases, but I
ask how it will have that effect? Will this board
communicate facts in any other way than by
means of the proof.
How are we to get at the facts? They read the
proof, and shall we merely take their opinions ?
Has it come to this, that Congress is incapable
1 of the examination of the evidence, and that it is
necessary for this body to have some tribunal
established to tell us what we must do ? I appeal
to the sound discretion of gentlemen, is not this
bill intended to appoint men whose duty it shall
be to advise us as to our duty, to explain for us
the law ? We may not, it seems, administer it in
our humble way, but we must empower them to
administer it for us. What are they to do ? They
must report the facts. But why require them to
sit as a court, hear arguments of counsel, and
decide, unless their decision is to control ?
Again, you propose to establish a regular ju-
diciary or special court in which nobody is to
be sued but the Government of the United States.
If the Government of the United States is to be
sued, why, I say,let it be sued in the regular way. :
Why, has the Government of the United States
acted so badly as to be deprived of the right of
trial by jury? Every citizen in the Union lias j
this privilege guarantied to him by the regular
laws of the land. But it seems this is an especial
case, in which the Government is to be deprived
of its right of trial by jury, and to be tried be-
fore a special court whoso business it shull be to
say when the gates of the Treasury shall be
opened to private speculation.
I see no use for legislation upon this subject.
I am opposed to any such thing. But it we
must have it, let us have it before the courts
already established. Let the Government be sued
before those courts. If a man living in New Or-
leans has a claim upon the Government of the
United States, let him sue the Government at New
Orleans, for there is a Federal court there. By the
plan provided for in this bill, if a man in California
lias a claim against the Government, he is required
to come here with his proof and try his case. He
must employ his counsel here, and bring his evi-
dence here from California. If we are going to
make a Board of Claims, or establish a court be-
fore which the Government is to be sued, let us
have it so that we can sue as well at one place as
another; let us all have an equal opportunity. If
this is to be done, I think Congress should author-
ize suits to be brought in at least all tfie Federal
courts, and let the courts examine the facts and
present a report, to be certified to Congress, with
all the proof. All you can do with a Board of
Claims is to collect facts for the action of Con-
gress. This is all that board can legitimately do.
1 maintain that if we want any change whatever in
this matter, the best thing that can be done, will
be to direct the officers now appointed and paid, to
collect facts pertaining to claims which shall be
presented, and to report them for the action of
Congress. This is what can be done, and all that
can be done.
Mr. Chairman, I am therefore clearly of the
opinion that all the propositions which have been
presented for the consideration of the committee
ought to be rejected. I understand that the gentle-
man from North Carolina is willing, and will pro-
pose to amend his proposition so as to make all
the claims subject to the action of Congress, and
so as to make it the business of the courts now
established merely to collect facts for the acion ot
Congress. If any proposition is adopted, this
ought to be the one; but my opinion is, that
the present system is better, inefficient as it is,
than any plan which has yet been submitted for,
1 the consideration of Congress.
Mr. VEN ABLE said: Mr. Chairman, it is with
reluctance that I ask the indulgence of the com-
mittee whilst I submit a few remarks in explana-
tion of the measure now under consideration. The
bill was reported from the Judiciary Committee, to
which I belong, by the chairman, on whom I re-
lied for the duty which I am now unexpectedly
called on to discharge. He is prevented by indis-
position; and I am unwilling that a measure of so
much importance should be passed upon without
even an attempt to disclose to the House the rea-
sons which controlled the determination of the
committee who examined its details and reported
it with the sanction of their favor. I am bound,
however, to admit that all of its provisions do not
meet my approbation, but I have the strongest
hope that objections will be removed by such mod-
ifications as will make it at least worthy of an
experiment. One thing is most manifest—the pres-
ent mode of disposing of private claims is unworthy
of further trial. We must be convinced by ex-
perience, that both in regard to expense, delay,
and incompetence from want of time and informa-
tion, to add nothing further, this House is about
as inefficient a court as ever had a cause or
trial before it. This is so from the necessity of its
organization; which I shall, with your indulgence,
endeavor to demonstrate in the remarks which I
shall offer upon this occasion. I listened, as I
always do, with pleasure and instruction tothere-
marksof my friendfromTennessee, [Mr.TnoMAi,]
who has just addressed the committee; and whilst
I differ with him in his conclusions, I have the
gratification to know that the facts, as well as the
arguments, which he has arrayed against the bill,
disclose all that can well be said against it; and
that if he has failed to demonstrate that the present
mode ought to be continued, there is but little to
fear in the final result of our deliberations.
The great mistake, it seems to me, consists in
this: Most of the claims against the Government
are presumed to be prima/aciegroundless or fraud-
ulent, and gentlemen seem to act upon the cenclu-
