456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
sion, thnt to object to or defeat a private claim, is
to deliver the country from «i fraudulent imposi-
tion. With much deference, I submit that such a
conclusion does great injustice to the committees
who report in favor of such claims. It presumes
either negligence, incapacity, or something worse,
in those who, professing to examine, have recom-
mended the payment of a claim after elaborately
reporting upon the facts as well as the law. We
know, sir, that the reports of the committees afford
the only evidence upon which we act in all such
cases, and a majority of this House can have no
opportunity to learn anything more of the claims
on which they are called to vote. Indeed it is a
truth, however reprehensible, that many of us
never read over the reports, and some who vote
do not even hear them read. According to the
present system, it is only necessary for a member
to say " 1 object," and the claim, with all the
anxieties and disappointed hopes of the parties
desiring a trial, goes over and is buried in the mass
of business, and for that session of Congress at
least,has no resurrection.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will my
friend froip North Carolina permit me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. VENABLE. I give way with pleasure to
the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. THOMPSON. I would ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina whether the committees
of this House do not always pass upon the re-
port of the member to whom the claim is referred,
and after hearing the facts do not often differ from
and refuse to come to his conclusions' Whether
the committees are not as likely to sift the case as
a board of commissioners, who, like judges in the
courts, usually concur with the judge to whom
the labor of making up the opinion is assigned ?
I seriously apprehend that, should this board be
constituted, tne inroads into the Treasury will be
great and ruinous.
Mr. VENABLE. I am glad that the inquiry
has been made. It is true that the committees
hear the report, and that they often come to a con-
clusion different from that which had been reached
by the member reporting. But the facts as re-
ported are unquestioned, the papers are not often
examined, and all of us know how differently the
evidence impresses different minds—how often the
facts are assumed to be established by one who
examines the testimony, whilst another would
come to an opposite conclusion. It is at last and
at best but an ex parte case—the record necessa-
rily examined in haste, and usually sent to the
calendar to sleep. His apprehensions as to re-
newed and dangerous inroads into the Treasury,
upon the establishment of this board, are ground-
less. It will most probably let in small and keep
out large claims. When, in the experience of
Congress, has a large, a very large old claim failed
of success at last? Who has come here com-
plaining of spoliations of ancient date, of wrongs
rendered hoary with time, often presented and
often rejected, who has not at last broke into the
Treasury and become spoilers in their turn ? The
amount being large enough to enlist numerous
and interested claimants, somehow or somehow, like
wine, it grows better by age, until there seems to
be a sort of astonishment that cotemporaries,
much better informed of the facts, should have
hesitated to liquidate the claim.
I suppose, sir, that it will be conceded that per-
sons who have claims upon the Government have
a right to petition Congress for their adjustment.
That those petitioners are entitled to a hearing, and
a decision of some sort upon the merits of their
claims; that it is the duty of Congress to provide
for such a hearing in the way that combines in the
highest degree economy, promptitude, and a just
determination;—economy, as well for the claimant
as for the Government; such prompt examination
as will preclude the possibility of a charge of a
denial of justice; and a judgment so sustained by
facts, as well as by law and equity, that the minds
of the impartial may be satisfied that all has been
done that ought to be done. It is only by this
course of dealing with claims and claimants that
Congress, or any other tribunal, can secure the
confidence or respect of the country, or be regard-'
•  th® safe depository of power by those who
feel its influence.
I propose to show that the present system is lia-
,e.' \n i t^le hiShe8t degree, to all the objections
urged by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Thomas,] against the bill now before the commit-
tee, either with or without the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Daniel;] that all that he has so
strongly set forth concerning fraud, corruption,
and perjury, or the absence of all necessity for
such a board, or court, to advise Congress of
the facts involved in the claims upon whieh they
may pass, applies with greater and more imposing
force to the present mode of administering justice
by Congress as a court of claims.
First, then, sir, we are told by the gentleman
that Congress has no need of such guardians- to
inform them of facts. They can acquire that
knowledge themselves. How, sir, is this done?
What are the means employed by Congress to
develop the facts of any claim? A petition is
filed ex parte by the claimant. The evidence is
taken ex parte, and without notice by the claim-
ant. The case thus made out, with reference to
the fact that no adverse records or depositions
shall appear, is presented to Congress, referred to
a committee, by the chairman assigned to some
member, who makes a report of the case. This
report is usually adopted by the committee, who,
at all events, report the case with a favorable or
adverse recommendation, and it goes upon the cal-
endar. None but the committee are usually ad-
vised of the claim; and unless of sufficient magni-
tude to allow of the employment of agents to
annoy members around the lobby, and in or out
of the House, or to attract support by social and
convivial favors, it comes up when the House,
stung by a sense of shame, have refused Friday
and Saturday, for weeks, to private claimants. It
is reached on the calendar—announced by the
Chair. A voice calls out " Read the report!" It is
read. Another voice, "I object!" It goes over to
its long sleep. Curiosity sometimes induces the
inquiry: Why did you object? And the same
answer is, I nave not examined the claim, and
know nothing about it. This is enacted over and
over again; and we have seen a whole day pass
with the decision of one case involving five hun-
dred dollars. Now, sir, estimate the expense of
this tribunal. To say nothing of the operation in
the Senate, in which all this process is gone over,
there is a daily expense of more than two thou-
sand dollars in this House whenever we are thus
employed.
Now, sir, is it assuming a guardianship over
Congress for those who are created by our act,
and directed by the provisions of our laws, to
eviscerate facts, take depositions according to law,
upon previous notice, with the benefit of a cross-
examination, the aid of a legal argument on both
sides, and the concentrated intellect and learning
of a board of three persons selected by the Presi-
dent, confirmed by the Senate—chosen for their
high character for integrity, learning, and business
habits,—I say, is it assuming the guardianship of
Congress for such a board of judges or commis-
sioners to enlighten us by their labors, as to the
laws and the facts involved in any claim? Would
not such a statement, thus digested and prepared,
be infinitely more reliable than any report of any
committee you can scare up here, who, amidst
franking documents, answering letters, visiting the
Departments, attending the committee room in the
morning, and this House all day—when, over-
come by fatigue, throw themselves into a chair,
and write a hasty report by the light of a candle
in their bed-room? I hope, sir, that I have a
proper respect for the American Congress—for the
committees who are raised amongst the members—
but it would be uncandid in me to say that I should
respect equally the reports emanating from these
sources. If all the committees to whom claims
are referred were as diligent in ascertaining facts
and sifting their merits as my friend from Tennes-
see, and would bring the experience of a lawyer as
well as the diligence of a Representative to bear
upon them, I should have much higher respect for
this House as a court of claims. But, unfortunately,
many of us have no such qualifications; and I at-
tribute the horror with which he regards a private
claim, to the discoveries which he has made in
many utterly fraudulent and unfounded—the
more difficult of detection, because altogether ex
parte in statement as well as evidence; the result
of criminal practices which have grown up under
our present system, because so easily perpetrated.
He discovers corruption here, and fears its in-
crease by the adoption of any proposed remedy.
The right of objecting heads off and delays many
claims; but the evil is, that thegoodand the fraud-
ulent share the same destiny. It is impossible to
discriminate, in the time allotted for the examina-
tion. It may be prudent to " bear the evils that
we have, rather than fly to others which we know
not of;" but it is not true that it is wise to submit
to a known evil, and reject all remedies, however
they may commend themselves to our judgments
or our feelings.
The system now in use ought to be changed,
because the delays consequent upon its workings
amount to a denial of justice. It should be remem-
bered, sir, that it is equally a denial of justice to
decide wrongly, or not to decide at all. Every
case has two sides, and it is not the less true of
those cases in which the Government is one party
and the claimant the other. A just and patriotic
statesman is as sensitive concerning the redemp-
tion of the credit of his Government—the payment
of all just demands upon it, and the preservation
of its honor and credit, as he would be were the
obligation his own. He scorns to screen himself
under the divided responsibility of numbers; and
feels individually accountable if he has failed to
endeavor to do his duty in this particular. Indeed
there is something indescribably undignified in
the act of a great Government withholding even a
trial of the claim of an humble citizen, who asks
merely for an investigation, a hearing. But there
is something that can scarcely be too strongly de-
nounced in opening the door for a petition and clo-
sing it immediately upon the petitioner—receiving
the statement, referring it toa committee, report ng
in his favor, exciting expectation, and then refus-
ing to hear and determine it. Sir, I have often
sympathized with those suffering under that sick-
ness of the heart which comes from hope deferred.
I have seen in your galleries on private claim day,
the widow clad in mourning, whose young and gal-
lant husband, shrouded in the sea-weed, sleeps in
his ocean grave, asking, what has never yet been
refused, only a year's pay of that husband for
herself and her children, as well as for the widows
and orphans of the crew who perished with him
in the service of his country. I saw her sad face
illuminated by a ray of hope as her claim was
reached on the calendar. I marked the intense
interest, the mother's solicitude for the education
of her sons—gratitude to a Government not insen-
sible to her claims. The case was called, the re-
port read, but the overwhelming words "I object,"
dashed all her hopes, and filled her with despair.
Another year's delay, another shaft lodged in the
heart already stricken and wounded, and all be-
cause gentlemen have no time to examine all the
claims. Look now, sir, at the mutilated soldiers
about your door this day. See the claims of sol-
diers' widows, made so by the fatal field or the
stroke of disease contracted in the service, the
poor mechanic, farmer, or manufacturer, whose
claims upon the Government are obstructed by
some technicality which prevents the Departments
from allowing them—claims which are sustained
by the broadest equity, if the United States could
be sued like an individual, but which are excluded
from settlement, because no court of equity softens
the hard requisition of law. These are the per-
sons who throw themselves on Congress as peti-
tioners, where, in many cases, if the contracts
were with individuals, they would be recognized
as claimants, who are tantalized with expectations,
tortured with delayed hopes, and worn down with
despair;—who often either abandon their claims,
or transfer the large portion of the recoveries to
agents, always sufficiently importunate and nu-
merous.
But, sir, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Thomas] anticipates the most alarming increase
of fraud, forgery, perjury, and corruption, upon
the establishment of this tribunal for the adjust-
ment of claims. He refers us to the warning voice
of history, speaking through a report of the late
Lewis Williams, of North Carolina, in reference
to the commission for adjusting of claims, arising
out of the war of 1812. He says, that the ine-
quities of that commission accumulated with such
fearful rapidity, and to such an extent, that they
burst upon the country like an avalanche, creating
terror and dismay—that Congress repealed the
law, and closed the court. I have examined that
report, and the grave charges made against the par-
ties to claims before the commission. None, how-
ever, are made against the officer himself. Sir,
if all of our courts were to be subjected to such a
