458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
Mr. BURT said that he would move that the
committee rise, in order that the House might be
able to limit this debate. He had no idea that a
speech, however able, could change the opinion of
a sinirle member of the committee with regard to
the general proposition before it. He knew that
gentlemen had made up their minds either for or
against some such mode of adjusting demands
against the Government as was provided for by the
bill and the substitute. The only questions of real
interest were with regard to the details of the bill,
and these would be presented by amendments. He
therefore hoped that the committee would now rise,
to enable him to offer a resolution to close debate.
He called for tellers on the motion to rise.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Williams,
and Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
73 in the affirmative, and 48 in the negative.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported the facts.
Air. BURT offered the usual resolution to close
debate on the special order at two o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the resolution by
striking out " at two o'clock to-morrow," and in-
serting instead thereof, " five minutes after the
committee resumes the consideration of the bill."
Mr. GOTT called for the previous question.
Mr. DANIEL moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question was taken on the motion to lay on
the table, and it was decided in the negative—ayes
49, noes 71.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The previous question then received a second;
and the main question was ordered; which main
question was first on Mr. Jones's amendment.
Air. BOWLIN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were not ordered.
And the question being taken on the amend-
ment, it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeing to Mr.
Bcrt's resolution, it was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution to close debate was adopted.
On motion by Mr. MEADE, it was ordered that
the substitute tor the Board of Accounts bill, re- ;
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary, be
printed.
Mr. BURT moved that the House do now ad- j
journ.
The question being taken, the House refused to
adjourn—ayes 61, noes 71. .
On motion by Mr. EWING, the rules were sus-
pended and the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
McLane, of Maryland, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, having succeeded
in obtaining the floor, said: Before proceeding to
notice particularly the bill which is now under
consideration, I hope the committee will indulge
me for a few moments, while I endeavor, accord-
ing to Western fashion, with those who clear its
forests, before I attempt to cut down the larger
timber, to remove the little brush that has been
thrown in, in the progress of this discussion.
In the first place let me remark that this bill,
which comes from the Senate, has been reported
to the House by the Committee of Claims, who
have given it mature consideration, and have en-
deavored to remedy such portions of it as ap-
peared to them to be defective. I understand,
however, that a substitute for the bill has been
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, and
I wish to inquire of the chairman and members
of that committee, when they first turned their at- ,
tention to the consideration of this bill?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, was un-
derstood to ask by what right the gentleman inter- ; i
rogated him concerning the action of the Judiciary ;
Committee? j,
Mr. McLEAN. I will state to the gentleman I
what is my object. I am informed that it was not
till this morning that the Committee on the Judi- j t
eiary had this matter under consideration. j
Mr. THOMPSON. They have had it under
consideration for three weeks.
Mr. McLEAN. The object I had in view was
to ascertain if it was the fact that the committee ,
had only turned their attention to the subject this
morning; but as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has answered my question satisfactorily, I shall
not make the remarks which I would have predi-
cated upon the information—had it been correct—
that 1 received from another quarter.
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will state to him that I have had the substi-
tute in my pocket for a week, ready to report it
whenever this bill should come up.
Mr. McLEAN. I thank the gentleman for the
information. As a member of the Committee of
Claims, when this subject first came up for our
consideration at the last session of Congress, the
impressions of my mind were opposed to the whole
proposition. I was then a new member of this
House, and it was not until I had had some little
experience as a member of the Committee of
Claims, that I changed my views upon this subject.
But the more attention I gave to the subject and
the more observation I was enabled to make, in
relation to the proceedings of this House and of
the committee, the more was I persuaded of the
absolute necessity of the establishment of a com-
mission of this kind.
I was, sir, not a little astonished that a gentle-
man so long familiar with the proceedings of the
Committee of Claims as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Thomas] has been, should rise and
maintain here, that this body is a more competent
tribunal to decide upon claims against the Govern-
ment than any that we could organize, and that
the interests of the Government are better pro-
tected by Congress than they would be by a com-
mission of claims.
Sir, upon that point I differ i  loto with the gen-
tleman, and that is the very point that I wish to
press upon the attention of the committee. It is
because the interests of this Government, as well
as the interests of private individuals, are not pro-
tected by the present manner of settling claims,
that I advocate this bill. The object of this Gov-
ernment is to do justice to all her citizens, and at
the same time to take care of the public Treasury,
and to guard against peculation being committed
! upon it. The experience of this House, the ex-
Cerience of the legislation of the country for the
ist twenty years, proves conclusively that the
honest claim of the honest claimant, has a worse
chance here than a claim not founded in justice,
but supported by fraud.
Sir, I make the broad statement, that the claim
of the honest man, honestly presented to the Con-
gress of the United States, has a worse chance
here than a claim of less consideration, in reference
to its honesty or its merits. And why? The hon-
est, poor man, conscious of the justice of his claim
sends it up here, and puts it in the hands of his
representative. It is presented to the House, and
referred to the appropriate committee. He does
not rely upon extraneous influences to sustain his
claim. He supposes that the Congress of the
United States being an honest and upright body,
(as I believe they are; for no man here has a higher
opinion of the Congress of the United States than I
have,) his claim will be considered and justly adjust- J
ed, and therefore he appeals to none of the applian- |
ces that are too oflen brought to bear upon the legis- !
lation of the country. His case goes to the commit- !
tee. It is put into a pigeon-hole, and if the member
who presents the case to the House says nothing
about it, it lies in the pigeon-hole for the rest of
the session. Perhaps at the end of the long ses-
sion the member receives a letter from his constit-
uent, asking What has become of my claim?"
and " has it ever been acted upon ?" The member
sits down and writes to his constituent that he
has had his claim referred to the appropriate com-
mittee. " Have they ever taken it up?" "No;
I do not believe they will act on it." And then,
perhaps, he writes to his constituent that he will
have nis claim acted upon as soon as possible.
And then he goes to a member of the committee in
a perfect sweat, and says, " For God's sake have j
the case of my constituent taken up, or I shall lose 1
his vote at the next election. Won't you be good J
enough to have it passed ?" So the member or. j
the committee, to oblige him, looks into the case, i
and he sees that there is some justice in the claim, I
but that it is not supported by proper evidence,
and that he cannot, therefore, report favorably on
it; so he thrusts it into his drawer, and there it lies J
until the end of the session; and as the poor j
claimant has employed no lawyer or agent to hunt |j
up evidence and to support his claim, it lies over
during the entire Congress.
Mr. DUNHAM. I hope the gentleman is giving
us his own personal experience. °
Mr. McLEAN. The gentleman from Indiana
says that he trusts I am giving my own personal
experience. The gentleman cannot lay his hand
on his heart and say that I am not giving the
experience of some of my brethren also. He is a
very industrious committee-man, I know, but he
is well aware that I am stating what is the fact in
reference to these matters. He knows the claims
are neglected; they are obliged to be neglected.
The committee cannnot look through all the cases
that are presented to them, and when they come
up they are not often supported by such proof as
will enable the committee to report favorably upon
them. Well,"a case goes over year after year,
and as some gentleman said, it gets better as it
gets older, and then it falls into that class of cases
which are supported by appliances and influences.
An agent or lawyer is employed, and he may
eventually get it through. But, sir, an agent is
scarcely ever employed to attend to a very just
claim. I believe that in nine cases out often, where
wining and dining and other softer appliances are
brought to sustain a claim before Congress, you
I may set it down as an unjust claim, and then half
the amount that Congress appropriates falls to
the agent. The committee cannot forget the diffi-
culty with the late Whig Administration about one
, old claim for a very large amount, which had been
i existing before Congress for seventy-odd long
years, and which slipped through Congress with-
out any objection being made. I do not pretend here
to pronounce any opinion, either infavoror against
that claim. It is sufficient for me to know that
I it passed through Congress without objection.
One thing is certain, that there are cases presented
and passed through this House that are unjust—
wholly unjust and without merit, and that really
just and meritorious claims are often rejected. I
heard the gentleman from New York behind me,
[Mr. Conger,] object the other day to a very
large number of claims, and one voice was able
to prevent their passage during the present ses-
| sion of Congress.
Mr. CONGER (interposing) said: In justice to
myself, I desire to say now, what I wanted to say
on that occasion, that it was not for any objection
that I entertained to the bills which were before
the committee, but because of the difficulty, or
impossibility, under the rules of this House, of
discussing those bills upon that day. By the rules
of this House, it is not in order to discuss a bill
upon the first and fourth Fridays of the month,
when the House is in committee on the private
calendar. It was because I desired to discuss
those bills, and to state the objections which I en-
tertained to the principle upon which they were
based, and, if possible, to amend them, that I
made the objections. But for my objections, I
should have been obliged to have taken those bills
as they were reported to the House, without dis-
cussion, and that I was unwilling to do. It was
because I was desirous of discussing them, and of
bringing to the notice of the committee what I re-
garded an objectionable principle contained in them,
that I was forced to object. 1 regret as much
as the gentleman from Kentucky, or any other
gentleman can do, that I was forced so to do, by
the rules of the House.
Mr. McLEAN. That statement, sir, exactly
answers the purpose for which I made the refer-
ence. I understand the gentleman does not con-
demn the bills which he objected to, but yet he
raises an objection to a whole batch of claims, be-
cause he is desirous of making some amendments
to them. Not because they were unjust claims, in
the apprehension of the gentleman from New York,
but because he considered that they were not ex-
actly as he would have them. This House is not
the proper tribunal to determine these questions,
for one single objection will throw back the con-
sideration of a whole class of claims.
Mr. DUNHAM, (interposing.) I dislike to
interrupt the gentleman, but I wish to ask him
whether, under either of the propositions now
pending before the committee, a single bill object-
ed to that day could have passed this committee ?
because, as I understand it, there is no law under
which they could have been allowed either by the
Department or by the Board of Commissioners.
Mr. McLEAN. I have not the time now to
