1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
mm all the qucMiotta that may be addressed to
me, for 1 have a purpose iu view, and must carry
it out. The ^entleiuan will have an opportunity
of explaining lua views on thta point, and 1 shall
be happy to reply.
I advocate the proposed Board of Claims as a
matter of economy; and on this point I think that
the !>entleman from North Carolina has very sat-
isfactorily and very convincingly addressed the
commute*. I think that every gentleman on this
floor must admit that this House forms decidedly
the most expensive tribunal that could be estab-
lished. There cannot be any mistake about that.
A;ain: it may be asked how the establishment
of thia Board of Commissioners will facilitate the
final settlement of these questions of private claims?
How las time and delay will occur than under the
present action of Congress? I will dispose of this
m a few words. W hen cases are now referred to
committees they go on for years, and are reported
session after session, and may be reported upon
Congress after Congress. Some cases have been
reported upon a dozen or twenty times. 1 know
at one case that has had eleven adverse reports
made upon it, and of another which has had
eleven favorable and extended reports made in ref-
erence to iu Claims thus come up year after year,
and never have an end. If you refer these cases
to a Board of Claims they will adjudicate and re-
port upon them favorably or adversely, so that the
action of Congress upon them will then be final.
At present you may refer your cases to commit-
tees, and committee after committee may report,
and the cases may go on forever undecided; for it
rarely happens that Congress will take the report
of a prior Congress. Again, one committee may
report in favor of and another adverse to the grant-
ing a certain claim. It la again and again referred,
and year after year is it bandied about, consuming
time and keeping all parties in a state of uncer-
tainty as to tne issue. A case is referred to a
committee, that committee reports unfavorably,
the claimant gets his papers again, puts in requisi-
tion all appliances, and at length carries his case
before another committee, and finally gets a favor-
able report. And yet, after we get the report of
the committee, how few of us care anything about
it. Formerly, when a committee decided favora-
bly or adversely it was considered final, but it is
not so now. Cases involving the expenditure of
thousands and millions of dollars are examined by
the committee and reported upon, and apparently
are passed by the House without any considera-
tion at all. Will it be so with the Board of Ac-
counts? Canes referred to this board will in cer-
tain circumstances be subject to its final decision;
and in all cases its decision will come with an au-
thority to this House that will enable us to pass
unhesitatingly upon them. Honorable member)
on this floor are not all lawyers, well acquainted
with all the nicities of claims; and they cannot
be supposed to be able to give that attention to the
adjudication of those eases that a board composed
of skillful lawyers, whose profession it was to
investigate such claims, would. They have not
time or opportunity. How is it in the Depart-
ments? The labor is necessarily much left to the
heads of the bureaus, but they cannot be supposed
to investigate the immense number of eases that
come before them. If he is able, which is un-
doubtedly in most eases the fact, he has not time
to decide correctly; and he is compelled to pass
some cases over to a clerk to examine. Perhaps
they may be claims of friends or persons known
to him, and he may decide in such way as to es-
tablish a precedent that may affect the interest* of
the Government to the amount of millions. Now, :
bow does the present law operate? Perhaps a j
poor fellow comes all the way from Kentucky or !
California, or Oregon, to have a claim of two nun- j
dred or three hundred dollars investigated. When
he gets here he has no agent, no lawyer, to push his
claim. They close their doors. Their derk is inside
where the record of the proceedings are kept. He
may say that he wants to make a little speech
before tne committee in favor of his claim. But
thecommitteesay, " Wecannot hear your speech."
They throw themselves back on their dignity.
They say that if they permit one to come in,
every one will want to come in and be heard, and
hence they are compelled to close their doors
against investigations, or the defence or prosecu-
tion of the cbtun. Now, is this fair to the claim-
ant? And is it just to the Government? How
can a member of Congress feel that justice has
been done to a claimant when he has been re-
fused die privilege of coming into the committee-
room and being heard in favor sf his claim? Per-
haps some little point in his testimony has been
neglected. His representative is not on the com-
mittee, and liis case is reported against and he
must bring it up to another Congress. Now, Mr.
Chairman, if in the beginning he had been heard,
and had heard the arguments of counsel against
his claim, he would nave had an opportunity to
amend his testimony, and would have had a fair
trial, and one that would be entitled to considera-
tion before the whole nation as well as before the
Congress of the United States. Every gentleman
who hears me, knows that cases are not now in-
vestigated before the committee as they should be,
and it is therefore the duty of Congress to estab-
lish some board for the proper investigation of
claims against the Government.
I know, sir, that this bill is somewhat defective.
When first it came before the Committee of
Claims, we thought it very defective, but we have
endeavored to amend it as far as practicable. My
own opinion is, that the substitutes which have
been offered are much more objectionable than the
bill itself.
Mr. McLEAN here gave way to
Mr. MEACHAM, on whose motion the com-
mittee rose.
And the Speaker haying resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported progress.
On motion by Mr. EWING, the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS, kc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
aadw the rale, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of John P. Hadley
aad 41 ether atiseas of Cbetter, Massachusetts, that the
public IwU ■hall be laid out ia tanas and lots for the free
use of such citixeas (not pomned of other land) u will
occupy tbem.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 70 citizens of Chester
village, ia Massachusetts, praying the repeal of the fugitive
slave law of last rrimnn
Also, the petition of 356 eitisens of Bellingham, ia Mas-
sachusetts, praying Congress to repesl die fugitive slave
law enacted at the last session.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of the messengers in
the Post Oflier Department for an increase of their salary.
Also, the petition of the present and late registers aad
receiveis of the land office at Vandalia, Illinois.
Also, the memorial of the clerks in the post office at
Wheeling, Virginia.
' By Mr. HOWE: The petition of James Thompson aad
41 others, citizens o! Clarion county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to modify the present existing tariff laws.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: Four memorials
from citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, setting forth
the depressed condition of tlw iron business, aad praying
for an alteration of the tariff law of 1846.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Nathan C. Gove,
and many other citizens of New Hope, Bucks couaty,
Pennsylvania, asking for protection tor flax threads.
Aim, a memorial of Uie American Mrdical Association,
asking for thepassage of an international copy-right law.
By Mr. PITMAN: The petition of Peter Filbert and 104
other citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking
Congress to modify the existing tariff laws in such manner
as to afford mote adequate protection to American industry.
Also, the petition or Samuel Heilnerand 98 other citizens
of Schuylkill country, Pennsylvania, for a similar purpose.
Also, the petition of George Hill and 30 other citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, for a similar purpose.
Aim, the petition of John Thornly and 40 other citizens
of Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress for
the passage of a law by which a fraudulent or illegal patent
may be repealed.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of 115
citizens of Danvers, (98 of whom are legal voters.)
Also, of 46 citizens of Worcester, (24 of whom are legal
voters.)
Also, of 46 citixeas of Lawrence, (38 of whom are legal
voters.)
Also, of 43 citizens of Abington, ("22 of whom are legal ,
voters,) all of Massachusetts, and all praying for the imme-
diate repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. ALBERTSON: The petition of Millard Carpen-
ter and 48 others, citizens of Evangville, in the State of In-
diana, graying for the removal of the obstructions to the free
i navigation around the Falls of the Ohio river.
By Mr. BUEL: The petition of S. Oil let and others for
a survey of Sand Beach bay, in Lake Huron, with a view
to harbor improvements therein.
By Mr. DISNEY: Two memorials from certain citisent ,
of Cincinnati, asking Congress to remove the impediments
! to a free navigation around the Falls of the Ohio.
) By Mr. ALLEN: The petition of 147 inhabitants of Sooth-
] amptoa, Massachusetts, for repeal of fugitive slave law.
\ Also, of 53 inhabitants of Fitchburg, Massachusetts, for [
i the same.
| Also, of 149 inhabitants of Hopkinton, Massachusetts, for
| the same.
Also, of 131 inhabitants of Hoiden, Massachusetts, for tbe
j same.
1 Also, 46 inhabitants of Framingham, Massachusetts, for
I the i —
Also, of 100 inhabitants of MiUbnl, Massachusetts, for the
same.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of the Bev. R. H. Maine
and £5 others, inhabitants oi'Savbrook, Connecticut, asking
Congress to lake proper measures to ell'ect all adjustment of
national differences by arbitration.
By Mr. CALVIN: 'l'lie petition of John Roger, Daniel
G. Park, and 35 others, citizens of Blair county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking for a inoditicationofthe tariff of 1846.
AlsOj the petition of Joseph K. Hewit aud 65 others, citi-
lens ot the aanie county, for the same.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 7, 185}.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk;
Mr. President: the House of Representatives have
passed bills of the Senate oftlie following titles:
Senate No. 3.">7. An act to authorize the exchange of a
lot in the military site of Fort Washington for an equal
quantity of ground adjoining said site.
No. 407. An act to create an additional collection district
in the Territory of Oregon, and for other purposes.
Tbey have passed the bill lYom the Senate, No. 405, to
provide for the payment of the expenses of the Cayuse wur
in the Territory ot Oregon during the years 1847 and 1848,
with an amendment, in which they request the concurrence
of the Senate.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of John
Buneff, asking that he may be allowed bounty
land ill consideration of the services of his father
during the last war with Great Britain; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of R.
E. House and others, setting forth the superiority
of their printing telegraph over all others, in Eu-
rope or America, ana assuring Congress that no
man whose name is not appended to the memorial
has any shadow of right to contract for or prom-
ise the use of House's telegraph upon the route to
the Pacific, and that if Congress see fit to recom-
mend an appropriation for the purpose of securing
the early construction of a reliable line to the Pa-
cific, that they stand ready to contract, and give
all the necessary guarantees, and protest against
fostering an inferior to the prejudice of a superior
line; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a memorial from the assistant marshals of
Orange county, in the State of New York, asking
additional compensation for their labors in taking
, | the seventh census in said county; which was re-
!j ferred to the Committee of Claims.
| Also, two petitions from inhabitants of Wash-
ington county, in the State of New York, asking
the immediate and unconditional repeal of the fu-
gitive slave law; which he moved to refer to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was ordered
that said petitions be laid on the table.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Indiana, instructing their Sen-
ators and requesting their representatives in Con-
gress to use every exertion to procure an appro-
priation for the further prosecution and completion
of the harbor at Michigan City, in the State of In-
diana; which was read, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUTLER presented a memorial from offi-
cers of the army stationed at Socorro, in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, setting forth that such is
the cost of the most common necessaries of life in
that country, that they cannot conceal from those
with whom they mingle, much less from them-
selves, that what they receive from Government is
wholly inadequate to enable them to live decently,
and asking for themselves and the soldiers they
command to be placed on the same footing as that
Sortion of the army stationed in California and
regon; which was referred to the Committee on
I Military Affairs.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of John C.
! Morris and Eliza McKee, Cherokee Indians, now
residing in the State of North Carolina, asking in-
demnity for being deprived of the preemption
claim to which they were entitled under the treaty
of New Echota, between the United States and
| the Cherokee Indians, made in the years 1835 and
j '30; which was referred to the Committee on In-
j dian Affairs.
j TERMS OF APPOINTED SENATORS.
Mr. WINTHROP. I received by the mail of
Wednesday last a certificate of the election by the
Legislature of Massachusetts of the Hon. Robert
, Rantoul, Jr., as a member of this body until the
i fourth day of March next. It was sent to me by
