1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
the Constitution, it will be found that that first
impression is erroneous. The Constitution says
that—
" If vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise, during
the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive
thereof may make temporary appointments until the next
meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such va-
cancies."
Now, what are we to understand by " the next
meeting of the Legislature?" Is it the moment the
Legislature has met and has organized by the ap-
Eointment of officers ? According to the strict and
teral interpretation of the Constitution, unless the
Legislature were at that time, to instante upon
their organization, to make the appointment, they
would have no power to make it. The next
"meeting of the Legislature," then, within the
intention of the Constitution, means not that in-
stant of time which occurs immediately after their
organization, but the whole of the succeeding
session—the word " meeting" being equivalent,
according to my conception of the Coustitution,
with the word "session." Then, during the
next session of the Legislature they are to do
what ? To fill the vacancy which has been tempo-
rarily filled by an Executive appointment. The
vacancy is to be filled. How is it to be filled ? By
two acts. The first is the appointment of the
Legislature, and the next is the acceptance of the
peracJn appointed; because it requires two parties
to constitute an election—the one who is elected,
who has to accept,and the electing power. Then
the question arises, what shall be deemed evidence
of the acceptance of the office? It is upon this
r>int, and this point only, that I differ with what
consider in other respects the clear and satisfac-
tory report made by the Judiciary Committee.
Now, we acceptance may be either express or
implied.
If the newly-elected Senator presents himself
with his credentials and offers to take the oath,
there is an express acceptance. If he transmits
the credentials to be laid before the Senate, there
is, if not an express, a strongly-implied accept-
ance of the office. But what is the state of
fact before us now? The Governor, perhaps,
without much reflection, thinking it a part of his
ordinary duty, transmits the credentials here.
He does not state, as I understand, that he had
any evidence of the acceptance of the gentleman
elected. And on this point I differ from my hon-
orable friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Botler.]
I do not think you can convert the Governor into
an agent for the person appointed, and consider
the person as having accepted by the mere fact of
the transmission of the credentials here. In that
respect I cannot concur with my honorable friend.
I think it is no evidence whatever of acceptance.
It is evidence only of what the Legislature has
done, which the Governor thinks proper to make
known to us. It is no evidence of either express
or implied acceptance. We have no evidence be-
fore us of the acceptance of the party.
Sir, I might go into the facts in relation to the
position of this gentleman, which are well known
through the newspapers. I heard this morning
that ne delivered a lecture some time in January
at Springfield, in Illinois', and we are informed,
through the ordinary channels of communication,
that he is absent and distant from Massachusetts.
Possibly he may not yet have heard of his election.
At all events, there is nothing, either express or
implied, from which his acceptance can be de-
duced. In the absence of it, I think the Senator
who holds by Executive appointment has a right
to hold the seat.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will beg leave
of the Senate to state how this matter progressed.
At an early period after the meeting of the session
of Congress the Senator from Massachusetts, (Mr.
Winthrop J as wellas the Senatorfrom Ohio, [Mr.
Ewing,] consulted with the Chair as to the pro-
priety of their retaining their seats after the meet-
ing of their Legislatures. I have no hesitation m
saying that if the question was a new one, I should
decide promptly that on the meeting of the Legis-
lature their terms ceased; but the precedents, one
of which has been read, from the formation of the
Government, show that the appointment by a Gov-
ernor where a vacancy occurred—a temporary ap-
pointment—was considered by the Senate of the
United States to hold good until the Legislature
met and proceeded to an election to fill the vacancy,
or adjourned without filling it. In either event the
•eat of the temporary occupant ceased. The right
to occupy it expired.
In conformity with the precedents, therefore, I
stated to those gentlemen that I considered they
would be entitled to hold their seats here until their
Legislatures either elected or adjourned without
electing; that either would vacate their seats; that
when the credentials of their successors were pre-
sented, the certificate of the Legislature having
made the election was such official evidence that
the individual appointed by the Governor was no
longer to be considered a Senator from that State,
and from that moment his right to hold his seat
expired.
As to acceptance, we have no mode of obtaining
a knowledge of acceptance. It is a thing that has
never been required. The evidence is simply that
another individual has been placed there by the
legislative power of the State, authorized to elect.
They having placed him there, and officially noti-
fied us of the fact, we can no longer permit the
individual under temporary executive appointment
to sit and vote with this body. That is my deci-
ded opinion.
I state this, because those honorable gentlemen,
with great delicacy, felt unwilling to occupy their
seats for one moment after the meeting of Con-
gress, provided there was any doubt of the pro-
priety of their doing so. An election has been
made in this case; we have now been officially
notified of it; and, as the presiding officer, I can-
not recognize the right of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to hold his seat longer.
. Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to occupy
much of the time of the Senate on this subject.
The points in which it may be fairly presented to
the Senate have been well pat forth by the Senator
from Kentucky. I concur in all his views, except
the last one, and that is in relation to the accept-
ance of this gentleman.
I differ with my honorable colleague essentially
in regard to this matter. I was of the same im-
pression with him when I first read this clause of
the Constitution. The next ensuing Legislature
that meets after an Executive appointment has the
power to make an effectual appointment in the
place of the sitting member. My colleague is
mistaken in supposing that a sitting member under
Executive appointment cannothold his placelonger
than the day of the meeting of the Legislature;
because to suppose that the Legislature must make
the appointment on the very day that it meets is
inconsistent with all the analogies upon subjects
of this kind. Why, a court has but one term, and
it is a day; and the session of a Legislature is a
unit, and to the same purpose it may be regarded
as a day, as an entire term. It is during that term
that a Legislature has a right to exhaust this
power.
I concur with the Chair thus far. I venture to
say there has never been a single instance in this
Senate in which credentials have been read here
that the office had not been accepted. I venture
to say there has never been a single instance in
the history of the Government in which the cre-
dentials of a Senator elect have been publicly read
from the desk in which the person invested with
authority has not previously accepted the office.
Now, with this uniform practice, I was well war-
ranted, I think, in saying in the report that from
the reading of the credentials here, coming from
the Executive authority of a State, the acceptance
of the person elected might well be implied. I
say it may be well implied, from the fact that there
has been no instance in which acceptance has not
been implied from the reading of the credentials,
and therefore I cannot vote for the resolution of
my honorable friend from Massachusetts, though
I have no great difficulty about it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to add
a word in support of the rule which it is proposed
to establish by the resolution. I concur in the
statements which have been made in regard to the
construction of the Constitution. I think the Con-
stitution is susceptible of the construction proposed
to be put on it by the honorable member from South
Carolina. It is very fairly susceptible of the con-
struction given to it in the case of Mr. Smith, of
Maryland. The Senate has acquiesced in the de-
cision made in the case of Mr. Smith, when it was
before them, for a long period of years. I think,
therefore, that that construction of the clause, for
all purposes of that sort, should be considered as
settled. It harmonizes, it will be perceived, with
the convenience and with the rights of all parties.
The design of those who framed the Constitution
was that there should not be a vacancy. The
terms employed by theframers of the Constitution,
in authorizing the Executive of a State to fill the
office, go to show that the design was to occupy
the seat, to fill it with a Senator. It was the pur-
pose that the State should not lose its right of rep-
resentation in the Senate, provided its Legislature
elected at its next coming session after the vacan-
cy. Now, it is a very fair construction of the
term " meeting," that it is tantamount to, synony-
mous with, the term " session." It applies, then,
to any period of the session.
Then what ought to be the rule established?
Ought the party to be dispossessed by the pre-
sentation hereof the credentials of the person elect-
ed, sent through the mails of the country? I
think not, because the whole purpose of the
framers of the Constitution might be defeated by
it. When I find the term " filled" in the Consti-
tution, I am bound to suppose that it means the
seat shall be filled by a person competent to sit
here. I am bound to suppose that the framers of
the Constitution meant and intended that the Le-
gislature should so exercise its power as to com-
ply with that. Now, suppose they had sent a
Eerson here that was incompetent by reason of
is age. Suppose they had sent a person here
that was incompetent by reason of some incom-
patibility of station; suppose there should be a
want of citizenship; for these are all admitted re-
quisites. You might have a certificate announcing
the election of a person incompetent to fill the sta-
tion. What evidence have we that the Legisla-
ture has exercised its power in the manner which
is contemplated by the Constitution ? The Senate
is to be the final judge of that question. We
ought to have some proof beyond the mere intro-
duction of a certificate that the place occupied by
the sitting member is vacated, that it is filled by
the constitutional action of the Legislature having
the power to appoint. I am not disposed to draw
that in question in this case at all. I am not dis-
posed to make it a question that the individual
who is elected is not entirely competent to fill the
station. I have every reason to believe that he is.
But, at the same time, when I am establishing a
general rule for future action, I am obliged to
suppose that such a state of case may exist as
the framers of the Constitution have provided
against.
I hold that the certificate is by no means con-
clusive evidence that the place is filled by such an
election as the Constitution requires. Then what
rule will you establish ? If you pass the point of
the meeting of the Legislature, if you give the
construction which is proposed, then where shall
you stop ? When shall the duties of the sitting
member end? I apprehend not upon the produc-
tion of the certificate of the person elected as his
successor, but upon some evidence, some proof
at least, that the party elected has accepted. My
resolution proposes to establish that as the rule.
With these remarks I leave the question to the
decision of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I would not have risen if any-
body who has addressed the Chair had presented
precisely the views which I take. It strikes me
that this is not a question for the Senate at all.
This proceeding is treating with a want of courtesy
the State that has sent this certificate here. The
constituted authorities of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts havecertified that they have elected
a man. What does that mean? It means they
have done everything under the Constitution of
the State of Massachusetts, and under the Consti-
tution of the United States, that is necessary to
entitle the individual whom they have designated
to take his seat. And now the Senate proposes to
tell Massachasetts that they do not understand
their duty, that they have not elected Mr. Ran-
toul, and that he will not accept, does not accept,
and is not in a situation to accept; that he is in the
West making speeches, and cannot accept; and
therefore we will disregard the evidence which they
have sent that they have elected a Senator. It is
saying that " we will treat it as a nulity; we will
overrule you; we will hold the matter in suspense;
we know better than you; you have not elected
Mr. Rantoul; he has no right to a seat on the floor
of the Senate." That is what we propose to do.
It seems to me it is treating a State with a great
want of courtesy and respect. I presume every-
