1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
5
nrnly and that appointee dies or does not accept, '
hp may appoint again. Suppose he dies or does
not accept, the Governor may make another ap-
pointment, and keep on making appointments
"rom time to time up to the period of the next
meeting of the Legislature. The Constitution
declares that the Legislature shall then fill the
vacancy. If this be the true construction of the
Constitution, where do we find ourselves? The
Governor of Massachusetts has appointed tempo-
rarily to fill a vacancy. The necessity of making
appointments has not devolved upon him. The
seat is now filled by his appointee. The Legisla-
ture has met and they supplant the sitting member.
Now, the Governor having appointed, does not
the seat remain filled until the Legislature may
•ee proper to exercise its power ana fill it by vir-
tue of its appointing power? It seems to me to
be so, contrary to what were my first impressions
on reading the report of the Judiciary Committee.
These are clearly my views, and I felt it my duty
to throw out these suggestions that they may be
considered by older members of the Senate.
Mr, BORLAND. I desire to say a word or ,
two before I give my vote upon the question be-
fore the Senate. I was very much pleased to hear
the expression of the views of the Chair upon this
question—upon the true meaning of the words of
the Constitution independent of precedent. I un-
derstood the Chair to hold that, apart from prece-
dent, the meaning of the words of the Constitution
limited the right of the sitting member to the time
when the Legislature meets. That is the view I
have entertained of it, and I hope that it is the
view that the Senate will take of it. If it be true
that that be the meaning of the Constitution, and
ought to be held to be its meaning, I do think it is
time that precedent, however long it may have been
established, and however numerous the instances in
which it has been affirmed, ought to be set aside
and the true meaning of the Constitution set up
in its place. I do not deem it necessary to add
anything to the views presented by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] as to
the true meaning of this portion of the Constitu-
tion, which gives to the Governor of a State the
power to fill vacancies. I would say, however,
that I think the views of Senators have been lim- ,
ited too much to this particular clause in looking !
for the power conferred upon the Legislature of a 1
State to elect a Senator. The power is conferred
by section third, article first of the Constitution,
which provides:
"Tbe Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof for six yean; and each Senator shall have one
vote."
There is the power conferred upon a State Le-
gislature to elect a Senator. This other clause
merely recognizes and enforces the duty of the
Legislature to do a particular thing which had been
made its duty, and the authority to do which had
been conferred by a preceding clause of the Con-
stitution. I think a distinction ought to be drawn
between the authority conferred upon the Gov-
ernor and the duty required of the Legislature of a
Slate. The question divides itself into two parts:
One relates to the performance of the duty by the
Legislature; the other to cases where it is imprac-
ticable for the Legislature to perform this duty.
The Constitution then makes it the duty of the
Goremor temporarily to perform it.
I think there is great force in the view presented
by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]
in regard to the interpretation which one portion
of the Constitution gives to another. He referred
to a clause in the second article of the Constitution
which confers on the President power to fill vacan-
cies during the recess of the Senate. I take it that
the framers of the Constitution knew what they
were about, and used just such language as they
thought necessary and proper to convey their
meaning. These two clauses of the Constitution
throw heht upon each other, and enable us to un-
derstand the meaning of the terms used. In the
one case it says expressly that the power conferred
on the Governor shall continue until the next meet-
ing of the Legislature. In the other case, it confers
case; but we find them using very different terms.
In the one case they use the term " the next
meeting of the Legislature," and in the other
" until the expiration of the next session of the
Senate." This shows that the powers were con-
ferred with different purposes in each case. I
think we should hold to the meaning which it was
obviously intended these terms should have.
The Senator from Wisconsin presented a view
which struck me with considerable force, but it
seemed to me he failed to carry out his view in its
application. He said the appointment by the
Governor and by the State Legislature was to ac-
complish the same purpose in each case—to fill
the vacancy which liaa occurred. Now, if the
power of the Governor extends until the Legisla-
ture shall perform this duty we might meet with
this very curious predicament; the Governor ap-
points as in the case of Massachusetts and Ohio;
the Legislature meets and fails to perform its duty
for a long period after it has met. The appointee
of the Governor is here in his seat, and he dies or
resigns. If the power of the Governor extended
beyond the time mentioned in the Constitution, he
would have the power to appoint while the Legis-
lature were in session; because if his power ex-
tended beyond the time prescribed in the Con-
stitution, the
extend.
stitution, the power to perform the act would also
framers of the Constitution had intended to confer
the same sort of power, they would have used the
same terms—terms equivalent to each other in each
. It seems to me the right to hold the seat on
the part of the sitting member does not extend
beyond the power which confers it. The Gov-
ernor had authority under the Constitution to
exercise a power within a certain period of time.
He loses the power at the expiration of that pe-
riod. It follows, then, as a matter of course, the
effects of the power exercised must terminate at
the same time, and the person holding any power
conferred by him cannot exercise that authority
beyond the extent of the power which con-
ferred it.  
Mr, RHETT. I move to amend the resolution
of the gentleman from Massachusetts by striking
out all after the word " resolved," and inserting
the following:
" That a Senator holding a seat by appoinment of the
Executive of a State can only fill the same ' until the next i
meeting of the Legislature' thereof, at which time it dp <
volvea upon the Legislature of the State to fill the vacancy
tktn existing."
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say a very few words
in justification of the vote I propose to give. I
take it to be a safe rule in construing any law to
carry out the object the parties had in view in
making the law. Now, I take it for granted that
the object of the article in the Constitution in re-
lation to the election and appointment of Senators
was to keep the Senate of the United States full—
to keep each State represented in this branch of
the Legislative Department of the Government.
The Constitution says:
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each Stale, chosen by the Legislature
thereof, for six years."
That clause relates to the original appointment of
Senators. Then, in relation to vacancies, the
Constitution says:
" And if vacancies happen by resignation, or otherwise,
during the recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appointments until
the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill
such vacancies."
Then the power of appointment vests in the
Executive of the State, provided the vacancy hap-
pens during the recess of the Legislature. That
is clearly an appointment, and an individual hold-
ing a seat on this floor under the provisions of
the Constitution by Executive appointment, is as
much a Senator as one elected by the Legislature.
How is that term of service to be concluded ?
The honorable Senator about whom this discus-
sion has arisen, came here as the successor of a
former Senator who resigned his post. That res-
ignation took place during the recess of the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts. The Governor then was
duly authorized to appoint, and we were bound,
under the Constitution, to accept the individual
appointed to fill the vacancy. The question is,
then, how is that service to De terminated? The
Constitution says:
" The Executive thereof may make temporary appoint-
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature, which
•hall then fill such vacancies."
According to the construction which some are
disposed to put upon it, the meeting of the Legis-
lature terminates the duration of the appointment;
but you must take the clause altogether, keeping
in view also, as I think, the idea of the framers of
the Constitution to keep the State represented in
| the Senate. How, then, is the Senator appointed
i by the Executive to be superseded? The Consti-
tution provides that the Legislature shall fill the
vacancy. The honorable Senator who has just
retired from his seat was entitled to hold it until
the meeting of the Legislature, and until that
Legislature had filled the vacancy. Here is a
clause of the Constitution, the object of which is
, undeniably to keep the State of Massachusetts, as
well as every other State, represented ill the Sen-
ate of the United States. That is to be done by
Executive appointment until the Legislature fill
the vacancy. Has the vacancy been filled ? Sup-
pose the Senator who has been elected never ac-
cepts the seat, has it been tilled ? If it has not, in
my opinion, the Executive appointment has not
exhausted itself.
Mr. DOWNS. This subject was considered
with a great deal of care by the committee, and I
have heard nothing said calculated to change the
conclusion to which the committee came. It is
very true that the opinion of the committee may
have led to a result somewhat different from what
was anticipated. The idea of the committee, as I
understood it, was that the sitting member was to
hold his seat during the session of the Legislature
until a successor was appointed, and there was an
acceptance or something which might be construed
as an acceptance of that appointment. The com-
mittee were of the opinion that the presentation of
the credentials should be presumed as an accept-
ance; yet the circumstances under which these
credentials are presented are so peculiar that that
inference can scarcely arise. It was thought by
the committee that these credentials would not be
fresented unless the person appointed accepted,
t was thought they would not be presented unless
they were sent here with the assent of the person
appointed. But it seems these credentials have
been sent by the Executi ve without any knowledge,
or consent, or acceptance on the part of the person
elected; nor accompanied by directions to a Sena-
tor to lay them before the Senate. If they were
accompanied by directions to lay them before the
Senate, that might be considered as an Executive
| signification that the office of the sitting member
j must expire. But we find these credentials sent
i to a Senator, with discretionary power to present
! them or not, as he may think proper. He has
! presented them. I consider then that the condi-
' tion contemplated by the committee has arisen.
! The credentials have been presented. The Senate
have official information of the election, and there-
fore it is their duty to consider the seat filled by
the election. This is in accordance with the old
precedents. It is in accordance with the interests
of the States, and the practice of the Senate.
The idea of the Senator from Texas seemed to
be that a State should always be represented in
the Senate unless its Legislature should happen to
adjourn without filling the vacancy. The Senate
cannot know officially that a vacancy is filled until
the credentials of the Senator appointed to fill it
Tiave been presented and read. When they have
been presented the person temporarily filling it by
Executive appointment must yield. So far, then,
from seeing anything contrary to the Constitution
—anything hard on a State—anything inconve-
nient or unjust in any way—the decision of the
committee, it seems to me, meets every case, and
fixes the rule exactly as it ought to be. My
friend from Texas, it seems to me, extends his
idea a great deal too far. Suppose the term of a
Senator elected, not appointed, expires, and the
Legislature does not elect, there is a vacancy which
must be filled, and there can be no doubt that
when the Legislature adjourns without filling it,
th« vacancy cannot be filled until the Legislature
meets again. It is expressly limited to that time
by the Constitution.
I think there is a great deal of force in the com-
parison made by one of the Senators from South
Carolina between the language used in this case
and the language used in giving the President
gower to fill vacancies during the recess of the
enate. If the framers of the Constitution intend-
ed to apply the same rule to both, they would
have used the same language in both cases; but
we find them using very different language. I
concur entirely with that Senator in relation to
that point, but I cannot give the same construction
