1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
Sanatoria! otfie*. or any oilier legislative office. I
gs-, r it as an illustration, not to prove that he was
* mm deputy, a mere substitute for a Senator of
the Tutted Stales. Everybody knows that there
can be no such deputation or substitution as that.
But, air, my legal friend behind rae knows as well
a* 1 do that there may be au officer it fltdo, with-
out any legal authority, and yet the acts of that
officer may be perfectly legitimate. His duties
may be executed as if he was an officer d* jvn.
Nor, this officer is not an officer tie facta, but an
offU-er Jt jitrt. He is holding the commission of
the Governor, and according to the construction
many of us of the Senate put upon the Constitu-
tion, he 13 to hold his office until he is superseded
by a legislative election.
Sir, the whole question is iu a perfect nut-shell.
It is, whether you can prove by the Constitution
that the duties of this officer are terminated upon
the meeting of the Legislature, or whether tliey
may continue until the Senate is officially informed
that he has been superseded by a legislative elec-
tion .
Mr. BADGER. As this is a very important
question upon the construction to be put upon an
article of t he Constitution which is not familiar to
us, and as it has not been very much discussed to-
day, and as there are probably many other gentle-
men who may wish to express their views upon
it: in order to give those who wish to speak a fair
chance to be heard to-morrow, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES. I ask the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The yens and nays were ordered, and were ta-
ken, with the following result:
YEAS—Mews. Badger, Baldwin, Bell. Berrien, Butler,
Cbas*. Darn of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Daw-
son, Dickinson, K'.vin*. Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
Mangum, Miner. Noma, Phelps, Rbett, Rusk, ^pniance,
T®mt, Upham, Wales, and Vnlee—
NAYS—Messrs. Ben loo, Borland, Bradbury, Clarke,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Dooglas, Downs,
Fetch, Houston, J one*. King, Mason, Morton, Pearce,
Pratt, Smith, Underwood, and Walker—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 8, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. NEWELL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, which was
read for information as follows:
AcsoA-cJ. That the Coramittw on Agriculture be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing an Agri-
cultural Bureau, ad recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior; and aim into the expediency of pure basing the
Mount Vernon estate, nr so much of it as may be necessary,
including the mansion and tomb of Washington, to estab-
lish an agricultural school, or model farm, or both; and that
they report bv bill or otherwise.
Mr. ORR objected, and the resolution was not
received.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Josnts, in the absence of Mr. McLake of
Maryland, in the chair,) on the special order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill under
consideration was the special order, being the bill
to establish a Board of Accounts, and that the
pending question was on the amendment reported
by the Committee of Claims to the first section of
the bill, and on that motion Mr. McLeav, of
Kentucky, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MeLEAN, of Kentucky, who was ad-
dressing the committee when the committee rose
on yesterday, and was entitled to the floor, rose
ana said: If 1 can get the attention of the commit-
tee for a few moments, I desire to resume the ar-
gument which I was making when the committee
rose on yesterday. It is not often that I intrude
myself on the attention of the House or of the
committee. It is but seldom that I do it. I have
therefore to request that, as I am not in the habit
of writing out my speeches, those who do not feel
inclined to listen to what I have to say will please
to be a little silent, that somebody may be able to
hear my remarks.
Mr. Chairman, when 1 was arrested in my re-
marks yesterday, I was about to draw a compari-
son between the functions of the board proposed
to be established by the proposition now before
the committee and the present mode of settling
claims against the OovMumant of the United
States. As I find that I have some thirty minutes
yet lefr to me, before I progress with my argu-
ment on that point I desire to draw the attention
of the committee to an argument that was pre-
sented yesterday by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Tbomas.J
The gentleman from Tennessee said that it was
just as proper to establish a board to aid Congress
in determining what appropriations they should
make for the civil and diplomatic expenditures of
the Government, ns it would be to establish a
board to enlighten Congress on the subject of pri-
vate claims. I would remark that this suggestion
of the gentleman is entitled to some consideration;
but that we already have a board upon which we
base our civil aud diplomatic appropriations pretty
much of the character of the board proposed in
reference to claims. The Executive Departments
of the Government furnish Congress with esti-
mates upon which they base their action. And I
ask that gentleman, and I ask the committee,
whether, if Congress had to examine into all the
details upon which they base their appropriations—
if they had no information except what they could
gather themselves from the records of the coun-
try, and the thousand accumulating reports from
all the various disbursing officers of the General
Government, they could ever come to proper con-
clusions ? And so with regard to claims. It is
utterly impracticable for any committee, or for
Congress, to come to proper and legitimate conclu-
appropriations on,
be made to satisfy private claims, unless we have
some better means than we now have to ascertain
the amount. Only this morning the Committee
of Claims have had under consideration a case
that has occupied the attention of the committee
for years in different Congresses, and which has
also occupied the attention of the different Depart-
ments of the Government. The papers and docu-
ments in relation to that case, would fill a common
goods-box. How is it possible that a committee
of this House can undertake ever to investigate or
understand such a case as that? It is utterly im-
practicable for the committee or for Congress ever
to understand it.
I will now resume the comparison Which I was
about to institute yesterday between the proposed
board and the present arrangements for settling
claims. A new member comes here, and is put
upon the committee. He knows nothing' about
the laws which regulate the action of the commit-
1 tee in deciding upon claims submitted for their de-
cision. He goes about it in good faith, but he has
other duties to his constituents to attend to at the
various Departments of this Government; and a
thousand other claims upon his time. He must 1 isten
to the discussion of all questions here, and under-
stand all the questions that arise. And the whole
of the two years of his service, if he had nothing
else to do, would not qualify him to be a faithful
and competent committee man. If he looks into,
and investigates a case, and learns everything
about it, there are rules enough in this House to
occupy a man two whole years of study to enable
him to carry his measure through ftils House. It
is utterly impracticable, therefore, that any fair or
legitimate action can be had by the Congress of
the United States upon claims involving such a
large amount of documentary evidence, so much
law, and so many precedents.
But, sir, how will it be, in reference to the board
which this bill proposes to establish ? The board
will be composed of men respected for their learn-
ing in the law, and for their qualifications; and
they will have nothing to do but to learn the vari-
ous laws and precedents of the Government in
relation to claims, and when once they have in-
formed themselves in relation to all these matters,
they will understand all the old claims that come
up for their consideration. The members of the
board would not be changed svervyear, and, con-
sequently, they would understand all the old cases.
The law also provides, that when the board settles
a case adversely, it is a final settlement of that
' case. But when Congress settles a case, it is no
settlement at all. If the committee settles it and
reports adversely upon it, it is no settlement of the
case at all. The ninth section of the bill provides,
, that when the board reports adversely, its action
i shall be final, unless such grounds shallbe presented
to the consideration of the board as would entitle the
claimants to n new trial of their cause iu chancery
or in common law. You thus conclude the ease.
But is that all? The bill proposes that this Board
of Accounts shall report to Congress each cane
that they decide favorably, and when a case is fo
reported to Congress it lies over. It does not die
at the end of one Congress. Under the presot
state of things, we cannot get up an important
case at all, until Congress is about to adjourn. The
hwt session of Congress was nearly over before
any one of these important cases could possibly
be considered. When this board is established,
and have investigated the law, understand all the
evidence of a case—have litigated it on both sides,
have heard argument* oil both sides—they are to
report the case, together with the testimony and
the law, to Congress; and it then stands overuntil
Congress finally acts upon it—not until the end of
one Congress, but from Congress to Congress.
Mr. SACKETT (interposing) said : Suppose
the Board of Accounts report against a case, is
there anything to prevent the party applying to
the next Congress for a special order? I should
like to ask the gentleman whether it is so sure, as
he states, lliat it would be a final decision in all
cases?
Mr. McLEAN, (resuming.) Yes! but can one
Congress be controlled by die action of another ?
No, sir; nor is there any law to prevent the Con-
gress of the United States from appropriating
money to pay the claims of an individual, when
a former Congress has decided against it. Con-
gress may give him another trial—may regenerate
and resurrect the whole case. Congress may do
that. But establish a court that is entitled to the
. consideration of the country; place on the bench
men eminent for talent, ability, and purity—men
who have the confidence of the country; give
them good salaries, so as to make them independ-
ent, and let them be resporfsible to the appointing
power—and they will have the confidence not only
of Congress, but of the country; and not only will
the interests of the Government, but the interest
of individuals be protected.
This proposition comes to us for our considera-
tion at the present session under very imposing
and favorable circumstances. Two committees of
this House have had the matter under their con-
' sideration during the present Congress. Able re-
1 ports have been made during previous Congresses
in favor of this proposition. The Senate of the
United States have had the bill reported to them
by their committee. The Senate have passed the
bill, and the President of the United States has
recommended this measure to the favorable con-
i sideration of the present Congress. I do not know
whether this is a very great indorsement. The
time has been when New York Whigs would liav#
' been proud to sustain a New York President in
any proposition of so much importance as this.
How that may be now I cannot determine; but
the event will show. Nor is this all, sir. Since
the organization of this Government, the first men
in the country have complained of this as a great
deficiency in our constitutional organization. How
stands the matter with other countries? Sir, I
have* before me evidence to show that almost every
country in Europe has established courts for the
purpose of litigating private claims against the
Government, while the potentates of Europe—
even those who wield almost absolute power over
their subjects—are compelled to bow in submis-
sion to the decrees of the courts in favor of their
subjects.
Here we have an independent Republican Gov-
ernment, where there is no organization by which
a private claimant can enforce his claim against
Government. He is dependent now upon the ac-
tion of Congress. The business of the Congress
of the United States, and the amount of claims
against this Government are rapidly increasing as
the limits of the Republic are extending—as it in-
creases in population, in business, and in territory.
Already the time has arrived when it is utterly im-
practicable that Congress can ever relieve claim-
ants of this sort, ana in a few years it must be
. infinitely worse. We have been involved lately
in a war out of which millions in claims have arisen.
We do not know how soon we may be involved
in another war. Thousands and thousands of
claims are constantly coming up for the considern-
. tion of Congress, and there must be some legi'i-
