1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
tion; which were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also, a document in relation to the memorial of
teaman and others, attached to the United States
vessels employed in the Gulf of Mexico and the
Pacific during the war with Mexico, asking to be
placed on the same footing with regard to bounty
land and extra pay, as the military; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TURNEY presented a memorial from the
biscuit manufacturers in the city of New York,
remonstrating against the extension of William
R. Nevin's patent for a biscuit machine; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office. (
Mr. SMITH presented a memorial from clerks
employed in the post office at Hartford, Connecti-
cut, asking to be allowed an increase of compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of Saybrook,
Connecticut, asking the adoption of measures for
the amicable adjustment of international contro-
versies; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Huron county, Ohio, asking that the pub- ,
lie lands may be granted in limited quantities to
actual settlers, not possessed of other lands; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MASON presented a memorial from clerks :
employed in the post office in the city of Alexan-
dria, Virginia, asking to be allowed an increase of
compensation; which was referred to th® Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented (he memorial of !
T. P. Shaffer, of Kentucky, asking aid for the
protection of a line of telegraph which the com-
pany with which he is connected proposes to es-
tablish. He seta forth that he and his associates
are anxious to erect a line from the frontier of
Missouri to Santa Fe, via Council Grove, along
the route usually followed by the trading trains,
and that he can command the capital necessary for :
the enterprise; but, owing to the danger to be tip- ;
preliended from hostile Indians, he is prevented ;
from carrying it into effect until better protection I
is afforded by the United States Government. He
asks Congress to establish forts or military posts
along the said road sufficient to protect the line
and travelers.
He says that a few small posts of soldiers on
the southwest side of Arkansas river, between
that stream and New Mexico, and a few upon the
northeast side, would be sufficient, and would sub-
serve the double purpose of guarding his line of
telegraph, as well as defending the country; he !
therefore hopes that Congress may establish these 1
military posts.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
the Legislature of that State, asking a donation of
land to the Hungarian patriots who have settled
in that State; which was referred to the Commit- :
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I have been re- i
quested to present the petition of J. B. Russell and
other citizens of Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio,
who represent that the Ohio and Mississippi Rail- j
road Company have been constructing a road from
St. Louis, through Vincennes, to Cincinnati, a
distance of about three hundred and thirty miles, !
and that the Cincinnati and Belpre Railroad Com-
pany are to construct a railroad from that place to
the termination of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. xliey represent that these two railroads •
will be important links in completing the shortest '
and most direct continuous railway connection 1
between the Far West and the Atlantic seaboard,
and, as the construction and completion of such a 1
work would be the means of facilitating trade and
travel between the East and West, it would re-
dound largely to national greatness; and they
therefore pray that a grant of the public lands may
be made to these railroads, to facilitate the con-
struction of the same. I ask that the petition may
be referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The petition was go referred.
Mr. CHASE/ilso presented six petitions from
citizens of Ohio, asking the immediate repeal of .
the- fugitive slave bill; which he moved to refer to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, ordered that they
lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition, numerously
signed by inhabitants of Pittsfield, Maine, asking
the immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred House bill to supply
deficiencies in the appropriation for the services of
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1851, reported
back the same with amendments, and gave notice j
that lie would call it up on Monday. j
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print- .
ing, to which was referred the motion to print five
thousand additional copies of the report «f the j
Secretary of the Treasury exhibiting the trade of!
the United States with the British American colo-
nies since 1829, reported in favor of printing two
thousand copies; which was agreed to.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Ernest
Eude, Clement Duhamel, and Joseph Derlis, ask-
ing compensation for a vessel destroyed, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
EXTENSION OP THE CAPITOL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings, to which was referred the
resolution of the Senate of the 26th September last, i
in relation to the enlargement of the Capitol, sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
The committee, in their report, say that they
have received and considered plans presented by
many distinguished architects, and after an atten-
tive study and patient investigation,-in which they
were aided by the explanations of each architect
by whom plans were presented, they have conclu-
ded to recommend the addition of wings attached
to the north and south ends of the Capitol, and
placed at right angles to its axis.
To answer the requirements of Congress with-
out impairing the beauty, disturbing the harmony,
or diminishing the effect of the noble structure our
fathers erected, was a problem of extreme per-
plexity. And it will be readily perceived, say the
committee, that there must be much greater diffi- I
culty in devising a plan for the enlargement of a
building to which additions were not originally con-
templated, than in deciding upon one for an entire-
ly new edifice. In the examination of the compli-
cated question submitted to them, they have been
governed by the following considerations:
1st. The purpose for which Congress authorized
the enlargement of the building. This being the
increased accommodation and better adaptation to
the uses to which the edifice is applied, those con-
siderations have been regarded as paramount to
all others. The halls of legislation should be well
suited to speaking and hearing, and be properly
arranged for lighting, heating, and ventilation.
Without these requisites the structure would fail
in its primary object, and architectural beauty
would but sharpen reproach.
2d. To adhere as closely as is compatible with
the objects to be attained to the architectural char-
acter and site of the original building, both of
which are in a measure rendered sacred, by having
been selected by the first President of the Unitea
States. After having adopted apian for the build-
ing, General Washington fixed its locution, and
this was tlie initial point in laying out the plan of
the city. The centre of the rotundo, before the
addition of the western projection was made, was
the centre of the building, and is the radiating point
from which the avenues and four main streets di-
verge to the different parts of the city. The com-
mittee therefore deem it an important element in
the choice of a plan for the extension of the Capi-
tol, that the relation to its approaches and points
of view should be maintained, and this second ad-
dition to the building be made to restore to the ro-
tundo the central position which it had in the origi-
nal design.
3d. Economy, or the lowest expenditure con-
sistent with the object proposed. This considera-
tion, though last presented, is held to be not the
last argument in favor of the plan proposed by the
committee. By estimates submitted to them it
appears that the mode of enlarging by wings
would not cost one half of the sum which would
be required for the plan of duplicating the Capitol,
finished with the necessary connections.
Guided by these considerations the committee
have adopted the mode of extension represented
in the plan which they have submitted, which is
combined from various sources, and especially
from the drawing submitted to them according to
invitations publicly given; the parts io taken froin
those drawings, after modifications by the com-
mittee, having been put in the form presented by
Mr. Robert Mills, an architect in the employment
of the Government.
This plan secures the requisite accommodation,
in a compact and convenient form. The amount
of light will be greater than in the plan of exten-
sion by duplicating the building. The wings will
be so exposed on all sides to the external air as to
afford the most ready means of ventilation. Both
wings will have an unobstructed view to the east
and the west, one having also an exposure to the
north, and the other to the south. By retiring
the wings, the heavy embankment will be avoided,
which would be necessary, if they were brought
up to the line of the west front of the present
building; whilst, on the other hand, there would
be no such excavation as would be required in
the duplicate plan. The eastern park will be un-
mutilated, and its trees preserved. The centre of
the rotundo, now the radiating point of the ave-
nues and principal streets, will, by the proposed
extension to the east, become the centre of the
Capitol building. The defect of the eccentric por-
tion of the dome, as viewed from the north or
south, will be remedied, and this prominent fea-
ture will appear securely adjusted on the struc-
ture, instead of pressing with painful effect on
one side. The limit to which the present build-
ing may be increased in length, without impairing
its architectural effect, is beheyed to be within the
space required for accommodation; but by receding
the wings as is proposed, the apparent length of
the building in a north and south direction will be
diminished, and this objection again^ the plan of
extension by the prolongation of the present
wings will be overcome.
The architectural character of the present edi-
fice, though it does not invite, is nevertheless such
as to admit of additions; and it is believed that
they may be made not only to harmonize with it,
but to heighten its effect. In the plan proposed it
has been studiously songht to avoid interference
with the original design. The beautiful east facade
will be preserved ana rendered not less imposing
by the stronger light and shadow given by the
proposed projections; the west front, which has
become the principal one, will be improved by the
addition of the porticos of the wings; the north
and south will each present to the view of a corre-
sponding portico; and the wings being brought
into unity with the present building, an imposing
architectural front will be offered to every line of
approach.
The committee has not attempted to settle the
minute details of the interior; they are, however,
assured that all the accommodation required may
be certainly furnished by the proposed wings being
attached to the present building, and render every
part of it available in connection with the addi-
tions. The Chamber of the Senate and the Hall
of Representatives may be so arranged in the plan
proposed as to afford the necessary space for mem-
bers,and galleries sufficientto contain any probable
number of visitors, and to secure all the facilities for
heating, lighting, ventilating, and hearing which
are attainable in such rooms. Nearly the whole
of the projection of the west front may be appro-
priated to the Congressional Library, and the
room, thus exposed to the light and air on three
sides, will be increased in area nearly threefold.
The desired accommodations for the Supreme Court
and its officers may be obtained in the basement
story of the north wing. The number of commit-
tee rooms which will be added is deemed quite
sufficient for any anticipated want, as the number
of committees will not necessarily or probably in-
crease with the increased number of Senators and
Representatives. The exterior of the present build-
ing was changed from the original design Iw in-
creasing the light of the principal dome and adding
two of smaller size. It is proposed to restore as
far as may be, the classic beauty and simplicity of
the first plan, by reducing the principal dome and
removing the others; and to break the long hori-
zontal line of the roof by an elevatian over each
wing through which the Chamber of the Sehate
and House of Representatives may be lighted, and
'to replace the small domes by any of the various
modes of lighting from the roof without raising a
prominent object above the'building.
