1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
offences which he may deem deserving of greater
punishment than the commander of a vessel is, by
the act approved 23d April, 1800, authorized to
inflict of his own authority." I move to strikeout
the word "is" and insert " was." "Is" is not
right, because the authority does not now exist,
as the law of the last session repealed part of it.
Mr. BADGER. The bill is right as it stands,
elearly right. I shall make no speech upon the
subject, but I would say this: By the act of the
last session one of the punishments which the com-
mander of a vessel was authorized to inflict was
taken from him. Therefore he is no longer au-
thorized to inflict it. If you adopt the amendment
you say the commander cannot summon a court-
martial unless the punishment deserve more than
flogging.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from North Caro-
lina says the bill is clearly right. I suppose that
goes exactly for what it is worth. That is a great
deal, but it is not worth as much in the tribunal
where I try things—my own judgment—as my
opinion. I believe the biH is not right. I believe
that by putting it in the present tense it may be
construed as an affirmance of the power conferred
by the act of 1800, and I know that that power is
very eagerly sought to be restored by very many
officers of the Navy. I know they have com-
plained that ships cannot go to sea with safety un-
less that power is restored. I know that predic-
tions have been made far and near, broadcast over
the land, that the Navy cannot be sustained unless
the power of flogging is restored. And when I
know there is such a greedy appetite to seize hold
of it, I am unwilling to leave it doubtful upon the
face of the bill whether this authority is conferred
or not. Notwithstanding the opinion of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, it may be that the bill :
will be construed, what I think upon its face is a
very fair construction, as a reaffirmance of the
power of the captain under the act of 1800, and
will operate pro tanto as a repeal of the proviso of
the last session. But if you say " was," you
make it perfectly plain, and it is not open to such
an objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was as friendly to the abo-
lition of corporal punishment in the Navy as any
Senator could be, and I certainly would not op-
gose the amendment of the Senator from New
[ampshire with any view to the restoration of
that punishment. But I think the impression of
that Senator is entirely wrong. The act of 1800
contained a provision which authorized the inflic-
tion of corporal punishment. By a section incor-
porated into the naval appropriation bill of last
year that portion of that law has been abolished.
It is not now the law. Suppose then the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire be
adopted. What would be the inference which
might be drawn from it? That the power which
Was in that law is to be exercised, and it tends
therefore to revive that portion of the law which
justified the infliction of corporal punishment.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment and
offer another in its place. I move to insert the
word "now" before the word '-authorized."
That I think will not be open to any objection.
Mr. BADGER. I have not the least objection
to the amendment if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire thinks the word " is " without the word
" now " can refer to any other time than now.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HALE. There is one subject to which I
wish to call the attention of the honorable Senator
who reported this bill. The tenth section gives
the comnjanders of vessels the power to punish
offences committed by petty officers and those of
inferior ratings, and prescribes the mode and man-
ner in which it shall be done. By the existing
law, before the abolition of flogging, it was incum-
bent upon the officers of the Navy, when they in-
flicted punishment of their own authority, to keep
a record of it, and that record was to be transmit-
ted to Congress annually, which Congress annually
printed. I believe that law was passed about four
or five years ago. My desire is, and I think that the
law should be so, that when the captain exercises
the arbitrary power which this act confers, by
punishing the seamen under his command on his
own responsibility, there should be some register
kept which should be transmitted to Congress. If
that is the law now, I no not wish to propose any
amendment; but if it is not the law, there ought
to be some amendment made to secure that end.
I am not prepared to offer any amendment, but
let the bill be reported to the Senate, and then let
it lie'over, so that I can look into the matter.
The bill was reported to the Senate with the
amendments which had been made in Committee
of the Whole. Those amendments were con-
curred in, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed ;
for a third reading.
THE PATENT LAWS.
Mr. TURNEY. I move to postpone the prior
order for the purpose of taking up the bill in rela-
tion to the patent laws. I am desirous to test the
sense of the Senate on that question in some form
or other.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not a question of
privilege undisposed of?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
in the chair.) The unfinished business of yester-
day is the special order, and, being a question of
privilege, overrides all others.
TERMS OF APPOINTED SENATORS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, which was submitted yester-
day by Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts:
Resolved, That a Senator appointed by the Executive of
a State to nil a vacancy, is entitled to hold his seat until the
Senate is satisfied that a successor is elected and has ac-
cepted the office: Provided, That such election and ac-
ceptance take place during the session of the Legislature
held next after the vacancy occurs, and that such accept-
ancc ought not to be inferred from the mere presentation
to the Senate of the credentials of the newly elected Sen-
ator.
The pending question was on the amendment o'"
Mr. Rhett to strike out all after the word " Re"
solved,"and insert:
" That a Senator holding a seat by appointment of the
Executive of a State can only fill the same 'until the next
meeting of the Legislature' thereof, at which time it de-
volves upon the Legislature of tile State to fill the vacancy
then existing."
Mr. HALE. I move to lay the whole matter
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RHETT. I modify my amendment, so as
to make it read as follows:
" That a Senator holding a seat by the appointment of
the Executive of a State can only fill the same until the
next meeting of the Legislature thereof, when the appoint-
ment terminates; at which time it devolves upon the Legis-
lature of the State to fill the vacancy then existing."
Mr. MASON. I do not exactly like the man-
ner in which this subject has been brought before
the Senate. An inquiry was moved by an hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp,] and committed to the Committee on the
Judiciary, rather in the form of an abstract ques-
tion—that Senator, considering himself in a posi-
tion perhaps somewhat embarrassing, and desiring
the judgment of the Senate, but desiring that
judgment upon a question not before it. The Sen-
ate, however, entertained the resolution, and the
Committee on the Judiciary made their report. It
involves a very grave inquiry into the construction
of a clause in the Constitution, and though per-
haps its decision will not be regarded by the Sen-
ate strictly as a precedent, because rendered on a
question not before them, I should be reluctant to
give my vote on it without very briefly assigning
the reasons by which it is governed.
I differ, sir, with the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berriev,] who sustained the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Rhett] in his remarks on yesterday.
But it appears to me it is a question perfectly
plain—unless I am deluded—that the construction
which the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina would place upon this clause of the Con-
stitution is erroneous. The Constitution has de-
posited with the Legislatures of the States the
power of appointing Senators in this body. The
Legislature of the State is the depository of that
power; they are required to choose the Senators,
the term of office is fixed by the Constitution.
The Senator, when chosen in the exercise of the
power originally, is chosen for the term of six
years. It was found necessary, however, inas-
much as the appointing power selected by the
Constitution is not always existing, that a sec-
ondary power, if I may so express it, should be
deposited somewhere, in order to keep the seats of
the Senate full. Who should exercise this power
of appointment when the original proper appoint-
ing power—the Legislatures of the States—was
not existing? Accordingly the Constitution has
' provided that when vacancies happen, by resigna-
tion or other causes, temporary appointments may
be made by the Executive of the State. The lan-
guage of the Constitution is:
1 "If vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise, during
, the recess of the Legislature of any State, the 'Executive
thereof may make temporary appointments until the next
meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such vacan-
cies."
The original power being deposited with the
Legislatures of the States, that of making tempo-
rary appointments is vested in the Executive, to
be exercised only when the proper appointing
power is not existing. And so we find that the
I text of the clause limits the power of the Execu-
I tive only to appointment while the appointing
I power is not existing. The language of the Con-
stitution is, •' that the Executive may make tem-
porary appointments until the next meeting of the
I Legislature."
: I submit, then, with perfect confidence, that the
, j word " until" is intended to limit the period with-
in which the Executive may appoint, and to limit
; nothing else. The Executive may appoint until
the Legislature meets. But when the Legislature
II meets the power vested in the Executive ends,
tj The word "until" then limits the time within
which this duty shall be discharged by the Execu-
i tive, and it limits nothing else. It has been con-
!| strued by some, I believe, to limit the period
S during which the appointee of the Executive shall
j i continue in the Senate. It does not fix such limit
|' at all. The term of the office is six years, and if
a " vacancy" occurs in that term, that vacancy,
in the contemplation of the Constitution, is not
filled until somebody is appointed for the whole of
the remainder of the term.
The appointee of the Executive does not fill the
vacancy. His is a " temporary appointment"
in the very language of the Constitution. It is not
an appointment which fills the whole term. It does
not fill the vacancy, because the vacancy is for the
whole term. How, then, is the time for which
the appointee shall continue in office limited ? It
is limited by the Constitution to the time when
the original and proper appointing power shall fill
the " vacancy." When the vacancy is filled the
temporary appointment is ended. The language
of the Constitution is—
" The Executive thereof may make temporary appoint
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature, which
shall then fill such vacancies."
The Constitution contemplates that a vacancy
in the term exists until the original appointing
power comes into existence and fills it, and when
it does come into existence and fill it, the temporary
appointment is ended.
I submit, then, that the proper construction of
the Constitution is that a temporary appointment
by an Executive does not fill the vacancy. It is
an appointment temporary in itself, and that ap-
pointment ends when the vacancy is filled by the
proper appointing power. Power is given to the
Executive not to make " a temporary appoint-
ment," but to make "temporary appointments."
And why ? For the very purpose of preventing the
seats of the Senate being vacant; for, if the term
used Was in the singular number, when the Execu-
tive made a single appointment bis function would
terminate; and if his appointee ceased to act in
consequence of death, resignation, or otherwise,
the place would remain vacant. The power, then,
is given to make "temporary appointments" until
the next meeting of the Legislature.
The Constitution does not say at what period of
its session the Legislature shall fill the vacancy;
but it leaves the discretion with the Legislature to
fill the vacancy when it chooses, or may deem it
expedient. The appointing power of the Gover-
nor ceases on the meeting of the Legislature. The
power is then resumed by the Legislature, to be
exercised at its discretion. When the vacancy is
filled, the party elected is chosen as Senator for
the unexpired term; and when the vacancy is thus
filled the temporary appointment ends.
It is asked what would be the case if the Legis-
lature does not fill the vacancy ? It is not in the
power of the Constitution by any mandate to co-
erce the appointing power. The Legislature may
or may not act, as it may seem best. There is no
means by which you can compel a Legislature to
discharge its duties; but if the Legislature does
not fill the vacancy, I apprehend the temporary-
appointment would continue. There is no limit
