THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1851.
New Series....No. 31.
timony. A complicated case comes up in which
the facts of the case cannot be got, and the Depart
ment has no power over the District Attorney of
the United States, and there are no means of get-
ting the testimony, except by sending the case to
this board. Under the provisions of this bill, the
Board of Claims will be required to take all the
testimony on both sides, and in that way the
United States will be protected against fraud, that
might otherwise be practiced in the Departments.
If the amendment which is proposed by the gen-
tleman from Indiana prevails, the effect will be,
that any man who cannot get a favorable decis-
ion on ex parte testimony before either of the De-
partments, will be able to appeal to the Board of
Claims.
Mr. FITCH, (interposing.) I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio a question. I wish to ask
whether the bill as now framed does not permit
the heads of Departments to throw the business of
their Departments into the hands of this board,
without reference to the testimony, which may or
may not be adduced for or against the claims.
Mr. VINTON, (in continuation.) Undoubt-
edly, sir, there is a discretion given to the heads
of Departments to send all such cases as they may
think proper and expedient for the decision of the
board. As a matter of course, if the board abuse
this power, the presumption is that Congress
would correct it hereafter.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fitch's
amendment to strike out the word " pending" in
the seventeenth line, and insert in lieu thereof,
" decided against," and was lost.
The question then recurred on Mr. Fitch's
amendment to insert in the eighteenth line after
the word " regulation," the following words:
" which such Department may report to the board
as claims which may be equitably due."
Mr. FITCH said, that the House would see
that the second amendment was necessarily de-
pendent on the first, and that as that amendment
had been voted down, he would, with the unani-
mous consent of the committee, withdraw the sec-
ond amendment.
No objection being made, Mr. Fitch withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the bill by striking out in the twenty-first
line, first section, the words "all such" after the
woris "decision upon," and by inserting in the
thirty-eighth line, after the word "heard," the
words " and decided."
Mr. S. said: The object of my amendment is to
provide, that whenever a case has been decided
unanimously by this board, that decision shall be
final, and shall not be referred to Congress. It
will be seen that by this amendment, not only
are those cases referred to the Board of Claims
by the heads of Departments, when unanimously
decided upon, to be considered finally settled,
but also all petitions referred from this House.
If this House refers petitions to the Board of
Claims, and they unanimously decide upon them,
that decision would not be final under the provis-
ions of the present bill. Consequently, those cases
will come back here time after time forever.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am for putting all cases,
whether referred to this board by the heads of De-
partments or referred from this House, precisely
on the same footing—to make the decision of the
board final in all cases.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, (interposing)
said, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
find that it was already provided by the bill that
the decision of the board upon cases referred to it
by Congress should be final.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think that there is
any provision in the bill such as the gentleman
from Kentucky has described as making the de-
cisions final in all cases, and, therefore, to effect
that object I have moved my amendment. I am
in favor of this bill, and of its provisions, upon
the score of economy and justice. I know, sir,
that in some cases, like the Galphin case, we spent
more money in discussing the question here than
would maintain the proposed Board of Claims for
31
a whole year. I am desirous, sir, that every claim
against the United States should be some time
heard, some time determined, some time acted
upon. Now, there are thousands of cases that
never can be heard, and which, if heard and re-
jected, are never finally settled. The rejection of
a claim by this House only subjects Congress to
fresh attacks, and we have to expend our time
year after year, and session after session, in resus-
citating and in galvanizing claims that this House
has been opposed to, and which many of us be-
lieve to be unjust. Sir, this House is little fitted
to try questions of this sort. It is as little fitted
as the Polish Diet was for legislation, where one
man, by saying "I forbid it, could prevent the
deliberation of the whole body, though every
member of that body was in favor of such delib-
eration.
Mr. BOWLIN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. ,
Stevens,] as it is exactly opposite to the amend-
ment which I intended to propose to the bill, for
the purpose of lessening instead of enlarging the
power of the Board of Claims. There are now
proposed by the bill two classes of claims, upon
which the unanimous decision of the commission-
ers will in every respect be final-and conclusive.
Sir, I am opposed to adding a third list of
claims, and .making the decisions of the board
final and conclusive in that class also. I ask the
gentleman who has proposed this amendment, if
he thinks it possible that he can make any decis- '
ion against a petitioner conclusive and final ? I '
ask him has not the petitioner the right to come
before this Congress ? And has he not that right
constitutionally, too ? I say, sir, that in the case
of suitors against the Government the decisions of .
the Board of Claims cannot be conclusive. Against
whom will their decisions be conclusive? A de-
cision of the Board of Claims will be conclusive
against the Treasury of the United States. It
will be conclusive in making the Treasury pay the |
appropriations for claims that are finally decided
by them favorably. It is an objectionable feature
in this bill, that it permits the Board of Claims to
give an equityjurisdiction against the rigid princi-
Eles of law. You do not create a judicial board,
ut you create a legislative board with power to
expend the Treasury of the country. When
gentlemen say that they are creating a judicial
board, they mock us. We do not want a judicial
tribunal on these claims. We do not want such a
board as that proposed by this bill. It is only
transferring the right to vote away the people s
money from this House that is supposed to be the
guardian of the people's funds, and placing it in
the hands of three men who sit, not with judicial,
but with legislative powers.
I am not. afraid of the establishment of a judi- I
cial tribunal to decide upon cases according to
known principles and rules, but that is not what
you are seeking to accomplish now. You pro-
pose to give these three commissioners the largest
conceivable latitude in adjudicating claims upon
the Treasury of the country and to make their de-
cisions final against the Treasury. Make them
a judicial tribunal like that at the other end of
the Capitol, and not a legislative tribunal, and I
am not afraid.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. BRISBIN inquired if it would be in order
to move to insert- after the words "final and con-
clusive," the words "in all sums not exceeding
$2,000?"
The CHAIRMAN said that it would not be in
order pending the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BRISBIN renewed his amendment to in-
sert after the words " final and conclusive," the
words " in all sums where the amount claimed
does not exceed $2,000."
Mr. BRISBIN said: That there are many just
claims against the Government which at present
the claimants have no means to enforce the pay-
ment of except through the action of Congress,
no one will pretend to deny. And that many
claims are made which have no foundation in jus-
tice, is equally true. The real question, therefore,
is, how and in what way can it be best ascertained
what claims ought, and what ought not to be paid.
What tribunal will be most likely to do speedy
justice between the Government and its creditors.
Much has been said about the wrongs that the
Government endures by reason of the drafts that
are made upon her Treasury for the payment of
unjust claims; that session after session, and Con-
gress after Congress, are presented, and which
finally, through the influences and soft appliance!
that are brought to bear by the agents who have
charge of them, receive the favorable considera-
tion and action of Congress. I have no doubt,
sir, we have suffered much in this way, and are in
a fair way to suffer still more, and that the end of
our sufferings will never come until some tribunal
other than Congress is organized for the purpose
of adjusting these claims. Every claim here pre-
sented seems, with its increasing years and re-
peated repulses, to gather new equities and to
inspire new and increased energies in its prosecu-
tion : of this we have an illustrious example in
the French spoliation claims. A half a century
ago it was considered, to say the least, doubtful in
its character; but time and repeated failures to
induce Congress to pay it, have in the opinions of
its friends, removed all doubts, and rendered the
obligations of this Government to pay it so clear,
that its advooates seem astonished that justice has
so long been denied, and it is soon again, I sup-
pose, to make its appearance in this Hall, clothed
in the garments of equity , with which the indefat-
igable energies of the innumerable sharks that
prowl about the portals of your Capitol have fur-
nished it. Now, sir, while I utterly abhor and
detest that class who make a business of prosecu-
ting these stale and unjust claims, I would not for
that reason, and because frauds may in some in-
stances be perpetrated upon the Government, shut
the doors of the Treasury against honest creditors.
But I am in favor of the organization of a tribunal,
whose facilities and means of arriving at a just
conclusion with regard to those claims, are better
than those possessed by Congress, and one where
I justice can be done with less delay and with less
expense to the suitor and the Government. It
has been well said that this is the most expensive
■ court on earth. We might about as well pay
every claim that is presented at once, as to spend
the time that we do spend in trying to adjust
them. We sit here day after day and session
after session, at an expenseof not less than $3,000
per day to the people, and a great proportion of
that time is spent in the consideration of these
claims, and that too, in nine cases out of ten,
without arriving at any conclusion. Now, sir,
what is the great objection that is urged against
the creation of this Board of Accounts ? It is that
the commissioners will be corrupted, and that
frauds will be perpetrated upon the Government.
This argument, sir, will apply with equal force
against the organization of every department of
the Government. The judges of our courts may
become corrupt; the President and heads of De-
partments may become corrupt; Senator? and
Members of this House may become corrupt, and
any, or all of them, may in a greater or less de-
gree become the instruments for the commission of
fraud upon the Treasury. But shall we for this
reason abolish our courts ? Shall we have no Pres-
idents or heads of Departments, or Congress ? If
we would have a Government, we must repose
trusts somewhere, at the same time throwing
around the persons invested with them, all the
guards we can. And I know of no tribunals where
it may more safely be reposed than in courts
of justice, to which this board (if not technically
classed under that head) is yet very similar. It is
not unfrequent to hear our Presidents, our heads
of Departments, our Congressmen, our Govern-
ors, and our members of the State Legislatures,
charged with fraud and corruption; but seldom,
very seldom, is it that we hear these charges made
against the judges of our courts. In them the
