1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48a
conclusive. I think, if Congress determine to
refer these cases to the board at all, the decision of
that board should be conclusive, as the bill pro-
vides.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Dcer, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT proposed to amend the first
section by striking out after the, words Commis-
sioner of Patents, the words " or upon any con-
tract expressed or implied with the Government
of the United States." ,
Mr. S. said: He wished to call the attention
of the committee to the words he proposed to
strike oat; and he wished to call the attention
of the committee that reported the bill particu-
larly to the class of cases covered by the pro-
posed amendment. "What do the committee in-
tend ? Do they intend by the words " contract ex-
press or implied," to embrace all cases of claims,
all incidental claims that may arise from or grow
out of a contract? Or do they intend such dama-
ges only as flow out of the contract in a legal
sense? Is this clause to cover only such claims
as arise on account of extra service in cases where
the Government arrests the progress of the work,
and like cases ? Or is it intended to take a wider
range—a legislative character—and not only pro-
nounce judgment on the equitable terms of every
agreement, but declare legislatively what is and ,
what is not the subject of a claim ? For instance,
there is an implied contract between the Govern-
ment and every man who puts a letter in the post,
that ordinary care, usual dispatch, &c., shall be
secured to the citizen in the transmission and
safe-keeping of his correspondence. Suppose a
case of carelessness or neglect is shown in some
one of the eighteen thousand postmasters and hun-
dreds of contractors engaged in this branch of the
public service.- Is it intended by this bill to take
from Congress the right to judge and to grant re-
lief, and to place this unlimited power in the hands
of a sort of nondescript forum; a body that is
neither a court nor a legislature; that can hardly
be said to be responsible to anybody ? Take anoth-
er illustration. Is it intended to embrace in this
most anomalous measure the old revolutionary
claims, such as the redemption of the three hun- .
dred millions of Continental money, and is it also
intended to put into the hands of this board the five
or ten millions claimed for French spoliations? In
the language of this bill, as it now stands, they may
all be brought within the operation of its provis-
ions. Did the committee intend a bill of so sweep-
ing a character as this? If so, I doubt whether
there is a member on this floor who will support
it. We might as well put the whole legislation of
the country into the hands of this commission on
claims—or, to speak more properly, this claimant's
commission. Sir, I can go for no such bill as this.
The Constitution has provided who shall do the
legislative business of the country, and I think we
had better abide by its provisions. Such an un-
heard-of embodiment of power as this would wield
a force more potent than gentlemen seem to sup-
pose; and that, too, without any defined legal or
equitable rule of action. Sir, I think this bill ,
might well be called the " higher law," for it is a
power over and above the law-making and the law-
obeying power.
Now, if it is claimed that this provision of which
I am speaking has no such legal effect as I have
described, and that it is confined to the narrower ,
limits of actual claims for the violation of the real
provisions of contract, why, then, it is of no use
whatever. In all such cases there is abundant
power now in the Departments of the Govern-
ment; so that this bill seems to be in this dilemma:
If it is to have the construction the language would
seem to indicate is intended, h Is monstrous and
cannot be supported by anybody; if, on the other
hand, it is limited in its construction, it is of no
use* and will be a clog and incumbrance to claim-
ants; is but a mass of cumbrous machinery of the
most expensive character, that can produce no
good, but may work an infinite amount of injury. '
The question was then taken on Mr. Sackett's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. FITCH moved to strike out in the seven-
teenth line,first section, after the word " cases,"the
following words, viz:," Pending in any Depart-
ment, which may have arisen out of any law or
positive regulation, which maybe referred to such
board by the head of such Department, and all 1
cases which," so as to leave that branch of the j
section read " it shall be the duty of the board to
hear and determine all cases which may be referred
by Congress to the determination of said board,"
&c., &c.
Mr. F. said that the object of his amendment
would be readily perceived. The bill was formed,
as he understood, for the purpose of relieving Con-
gress from the onerous duty of acting upon private
claims, and for the further purpose of insuring
justice to claimants. The provision which his
amendment proposes to strike out, would, if re-
tained, partially defeat the latter purpose, while
it woula relieve not Congress, but the Depart-
ments of a very large proportion of the business now
legitimately appertaining to them, and which, if
imposed upon this Board of Claims, will make it
not only judicial, but legislative and executive in
its character. If this provision is retained, we
may as well dispense with the services of some
half of the officers in the Departments; for by it
they are permitted to relieve themselves of a very
large share of business properly their own, and
throw it for investigation and decision upon the
board contemplated by the bill. Mucn, very
much, perhaps half the business of the Depart-
ment is the examination and adjudication of claims
of some character against Government.
The retention of this provision will be danger-
ous, for it will give the board too much power.
It will be objectionable, for it will give the Depart-
ments a latitude of discretion under which they
will avoid responsibility and evade duties imposed
upon them by existing laws and regulations, and
for which they are paid. Whether claims are
, legally and equitably due under plain existing
laws and regulations or not, this provision, if
retained, enables the Departments to devolve the
labor of investigation and decision upon the board, i
The provision is further objectionable, because,
so far from insuring justice to claimants, it may
impose unnecessary labor and delay upon them.
The mode of proceeding in regard to legal and
equitable claims arising out of contracts or other-
wise, under existing laws and regulations, is well
understood. The proper papers and vouchers
I are filed, the claims audited and paid. But if the
Departments are permitted to send all the claims
before them to this board, they will be subjected
to different rules and regulations, and very differ-
ent testimony may be required. Claimants may,
at great expense, be compelled to make oral proof
before the board of matters either known to the
Department, or assumed to exist from the nature
or form of the elaim. Claims arising out of the
action of any Department, or in the execution of
its duties, are well known to that Department,
and very little trouble is, or ought to bes imposed
upon the claimant to secure payment; but under
this provision, such claims might have very little
advantage over these of a doubtful character, and
by being referred to the board, and brought under
their rules of evidence, very great trouble and ex-
pense may be incurred in obtaining their payment.
He offered this amendment, not for the purpose
of factious opposition to the bill, but of so perfect-
ing it as to enable him to vote for it. He desired
to sustain this or some other measure which,
while it protected Government, would grant jus-
tice to claimants. But before he could support this
bill, it must be amended in several respects, and
among others in the manner he now proposed.
Mr. BUTLER said: As the bill now stands, j
there are three classes of cases which are to be
referred to this board. The first class consists of
those referred by the Departments. As the law
now stands, ex parte testimony is taken, and the
heads of Departments decide according to such
testimony. Another class may be originated be-
j fore the board, by application in the nature of bill
in equity. The third class embraces those referred
to the board by Congress.
As the bill now stands, with the amendments
which have been made, the action of the board will
be no more definitive than that of a committee of
this House. All the cases, whether referred by
; the Departments, whether originated before the
( board, or whether referred by Congress, are to be
: reported upon to Confess, and action by Con-
j gress is necessary in all cases to the fined consum-
mation. Congress has entire control over all the
eases referred or acted upon, and there is no case
on which a decision can be available to the claim-
ant, or against the Government, until a report has
been made, and Congress acquiesce in the report,
and make the necessary appropriation. The amend-
ment is unnecessary, so long as we retain this
principle. I do not, however, I admit, see any
particular reason why the Departments should send
equitable claimants to the board rather than to
Congress, as they now do. They will go to the
board in either event, and the great object—testi-
mony on both sides—be obtained.
It is said there are a great many claims presented
here which are false—unjust. This may be true,
but there are also a great many claims which have
been reported favorably upon by gentlemen who
are opposed to the establishment of this board. I
might refer to cases which were reported the last
Congress, and have been reported in all the Con-
gresses for the last twenty years, as just, and yet
which have not been passed. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Thomas] has reported on such
cases. The honorable chairman of the Committee
of Claims [Mr. Daniel] has also reported such
cases, and yet no man can tell when they will
pass. This is doing great injustice to those who
have just claims against the Government. The
bill, as it now stands, provides that none of those
claims can be paid until Congress has made appro-
priation for them.
The question now being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] tell-
ers were called for, but refused.
The committee was then divided on the ques-
tion, and there appeared—ayes 49, noes 40—no
quorum voting.
By unanimous consent tellers were ordered.
The question being again put, (Messrs. Fitch
Ewing and acting as tellers,) it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 80, noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
* Mr. DUER asked if it would be in order to offer
an amendment to come in at the end of the section?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the original
amendment of the committee, which was now
pending, came in at the end of the section, and
therefore the amendment of the gentleman would
not be in order until the pending amendment was
disposed of.
The amendment of the Committee of Claims was
then reported, as follows:
Insert after the word " board" in the thirty-
eighth line, the following words:
"And also all petitions which maybe presented by claim-
ants to either House of Congress. No claim against this
Government for the alleged trespasses of its officers, or per-
sons inits employment, orfor their non-performance of con-
tracts, shall be heard or considered by this board, unless the
claimant shall, within a reasonable time after such trespass,
breach of contract, or non-performance complained of, (to
be judged of by the court,) shall have been committed, give
notice to said board of such trespass or default, and the cir-
cumstances attending the same, so as to enable the attorney
of said board to prepare for said defence.99
Mr. PARKER asked if the amendment could
not be divided ?
TheCHAIRMAN replied that a division could
be made, and asked the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. PaekerHo specify the division he desired.
Mr. PARKER said he desired to have the ques-
tion taken first on inserting the words " and also all
petitions which may be presented by claimants to
either House of Congress."
The question was taken upon the first branch
of the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the latter por-
tion of the amendment, it was taken, and decided
1 in the negative.
1 So the amendment was not agreed to.
j Mr. DUER proposed to add to the end of the
first section of the bill the following:
| " And the said board, in all their decisions, shall be gov-
I erned by the established principles of law and of equity."
Mr. D. said: There are three different classes of
opinions in relation to this bill. Those of gentle-
men who are opposed to the passage of the bill,
notwithstanding any amendments which may be
made to it. There are those, like the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who expressed him-
self ready to vote for the bill in spite of any
amendments which might be made; and there is
another class of gentlemen who, like myself, are
in favor of the passage of the bill with what they
deem an adequate check, so that the board shall
not be left with unlimited powers to decide upon
all claims whatever which snail be presented against
the Government.
Now, sir, if this provision is adopted, and other
provisions which I deeds necessary for regulating
