484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
the powers and duties of the board,I will cheer-
fully vote for it; and unless these provisions are
made, I shall vote against it.
The bill in the last Congress was lost, only be-
cause certain gentlemen, who were in favor of the
passage of the bill, voted against amendments
which were deemed necessary for the proper reg-
ulation of the board. And now, if those gentle-
men will consent to place proper checks upon this
board, there will be no difficulty in securing its
passage in this or in the other branch of Con-
gress. But I am not disposed to vote for the es-
tablishment of this board, if it is to become a
mere machine for urging claims through this body.
Unless we are to restrict them to the principles of
law and equity, they may grant bounty lands—
they may grant pensions. In fact, there is no
limit whatever to the power they may not exer-
cise. I hope these restrictions will be made.
Mr. CROWELL inquired if it would be in or-
der to amend the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that it would.
Mr. CROWELL then moved to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the words, " and
the usages of the Government."
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, my object in pro-
posing this amendment is this: that the principles
of the law of 1816 for the adjudication of claims
against the General Government should be ob-
served by this board in passing upon claims em-
braced in the provisions of this bill. Sir, that law
has become obsolete—it is not now in force, yet
the principles which it established are still main-
tained, as a part of the usages or rules that should
govern us in the adjudication of these private
claims. The provisions of that law have become,
what I wish to characterise as the usages of the
Government. There is no positive or written law
to govern the allowance of every kind of claim. In
passing upon cases presented to us, we are gov-
erned by a sort of common law.
Mr. SWEETSER. I would like to inquire of
my colleague, whether he intends to include within
that provision, "and the usages of the Govern-
ment," " the Galphin usages of the Government?"
Mr. CROWELL. I shall not be provoked into
answering my colleague, in the way which Scrip-
ture points out. But I shall pass on to remark,
that I wish to be understood as referring to the
rules that have grown out of the law of 1616, and
which have obtained ever since. The law, as I
have said, has become obsolete, but the usages of
the Government growing out of that law still re-
main, influencing and governing the reports of all
our committees. The principles of that act have
been uniformly observed, I believe, ever since,
and were even before the passage of law. Now,
sir, there is no positive law, in a great variety of
cases, to govern us in the adjudication of claims.
They should be passed upon according to the gen-
eral practice or usage,of the Government. For
example, property destroyed in war is not paid for,
according to the usage of the Government, uniess
it was destroyed while in the actual service or oc-
cupancy of the Government, or in consequence of
such occupancy. This is an important principle,
and it ought to be recognized by the board as a
rule of decision, if you propose to prescribe rules
for theif government.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to say but a word in
opposition to the pending amendment. One great
difficulty in regard to this Board of Claims is, that
we are called upon to transfer power to the board,
which we have no right to transfer to them. Most
of these claims are left to the discretion and sym-
pathy of gentlemen of this House. They do not
grow out exjnstitia, but ex gratia; and they ought
not to be referred to a board, but should be rather
left for the discretion of Congress; and therefore I
believe that the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Duer] is right; and as to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Crowell,] the inquiry put by his colleague [Mr.
Sweetser] was very pertinent. I would ask him
in what manner is ne going to find out what are
the usages of Government in order to produce a
uniformity of action ? One Congress passed unan-
imously a claim, and another Congress, composed
of nearly the same men, with the same unanimity,
rejected it. Which of the two will you consider
the usage of the Government, the action of the
Congress which rejected the claim, or of the Con-
gress which passed it ? This bill passed the House
merely because it was presented by a very inter-
esting young lady. Nobody supposes that any-
body else could get such a claim.
I do not suppose that there is a gentleman upon
this floor who voted for allowing this claim, who
would have voted for a claim precisely like this if
a man had presented it. What is the usage of
the Government ? I do not know that there is
anything certain and definite,"or that there are any
rules which should influence our decisions made in
these cases.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Crow-
ell's amendment to the amendment offered by
Mr. Dcer, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ROOT asked if it was in order to reply to
the amendment of the gentleman from New York ?
[Mr. Dcer.]
The CHAIRMAN said that it would not be in
order.
Mr. ROOT. No one has spoken in opposition
to it.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that it is not in order now to speak in oppo-
sition to the amendment.
Mr. ROOT proposed to strike out the word
" equity" in the amendment of the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. R. Mr. Chairman, if any board or tribu-
nal is to be created, I am as much in favor as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Duer] of having
it confined to well-settled rules and principles of
action. But, sir, I must state at the same time to
that gentleman, that if we limit them to the rule
which prescribes their action, we will not gain the
object which the friends of this measure propose.
How can you relieve this House from a multi-
plicity of applications, if you confine the opera-
tions of this tribunal and declare that they shall
only be governed by the rules of law and equity ?
These are the rules which govern the Departments
now. It is, sir, because the tribunal of the Gov-
ernment is not adequate and competent to afford
t relief to claimants, that we are about to do some-
thing else, besides what we are getting from the
heads of the Departments and the bureaus of the
Departments already organized to adjudicate and
fiass upon claims, according to the principles of
aw and equity. I believe, sir, every one which
can be settled according to the rules of law and
equity is adjudicated by them satisfactorily. If
the claims abide this test, we are relieved of no
trouble whatever.
I am opposed to creating an irresponsible tribunal
which has no landmarks, and which has no well-
settled rules of action. Sir, I do not believe the
objects of the bill can be gained by creating such
a board. I believe we have already numerous
tribunals 6f this kind in active operation now. If
we are to establish a new one, I choose to restrict
it as much as possible. I believe that we may at
least provide against its doing greater mischief.
In truth, I am convinced, from the action of this
committee, that the bill, in the shape in which it
was reported by the committee, cannot be got
through, Or in any shape which will afford any
relief at all. Every moment spent then in dis-
cussions upon amendments offered to the bill are
so much waste time, and I hope the committee
will come to a vote upon this question very soon,
and pass to the consideration of something else.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, ever since I
have had the honor of a seat in this body, I have
been decidedly in favor of some provision for the
establishment of a board for the adjudication of
private claims. I wish to say, however, that it
never occurred to me that this House should
delegate to any board of commissioners, or any
body of men, to be appointed in any manner
, whatever, power or discretion over claims against
the Government, without limiting and controlling
that power and discretion. In fact, sir, no claim
should be made upon the Government that is not
a claim founded in law or equity. If it is not
based upon the principles of law and equity, as
recognized and established in this country, it is
no claim whatever. It may be an appeal, as our
friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has suggested,
to the sympathies, liberality, and magnanimity of
Congress, and it is not a claim upon the justice
of the body. I therefore hope, sir, that the
amendment which is now pending, submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] may be re-
jected. He seems to think that the power of this
board should not be limited by the well-known
and established principles of law and equity. As
anxious as I have always been for the establish-
ment of some tribunal other than this House and
the other branch of Congress for the decision of
such cases, I, for one, shall be constrained to
vote against the whole bill. I wish to indicate
my views and wishes no further than to say, that
I recognize no claim whatever as a claim against
the Government which does not rest upon one or
the other principles to which I have alluded.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Root's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr.SACKETT. Iproposetostrikeouttheword
" law," so that the amendment will read " accord-
ing to the rules of equity." Mr. Chairman, there
is now abundant power to decide all cases where
a rule of law can be applied to them; and we have
no occasion to establish a board of extraordinary
powers and of extraordinary expense to decide
what has at all times heretofore been promptly
and well decided according to law. There is no
occasion for coming to Congress, in cases wheie
the claimant has existing law on his side. It
is only the cases where there is no law that re-
quire our interference, and that the law-making
power is called upon to relieve.
This bill covers four classes of cases: cases de-
pending in any of the Departments-, cases referred
to the board by special act; cases arising out of
any regulation of any Department or of the Com-
missioner of Pensions; and cases arising out of
any contract, express or implied.
Am to the first class of these cases, what is pro-
posed ? We are asked to take from the control of
the Departments of the Government all contracts
and claims arising under laws they are familiar
with, that they are appointed to execute, that
they are paid to execute, and that it is their duty
to execute, and to establish a new and independ-
ent tribunal to try them. In short, to overturn
the well-established forms of law, the whole usage
of the Government, all the safeguards that long1
experience has thrown around the matter, and to
place the nine thousand claimants and the twenty
millions of claims in the hands of a sort of roving
commission—a nondescript—a new body—a body
that is unknown to the law, and responsible to no
j power,—a body to sit in Washington, and to be
furnished evidence through the thousand claim-
ants who are constantly hovering around the
Capitol, on the well-known principle, that " where
the carcass is there the ravens are gathered to-
gether."
Can a more absurd proposition be stated? There
I never has been any complaint that the Departments
I do not decide these cases. It is, indeed, true that
I these claims agents are constantly grumbling that
| their cases are not decided as they wish them to
I be. It is not that they are not decided at all, but
that they are decided against them, that makes all
| the complaint. It matters not how correct the de-
cision may be.
As to the second class of cases, it is just as much
1 work for Congress to investigate a case so to deter-
mine whether it is a proper case to refer to the
board as it is to decide it, so that in that class the
i bill is simply absurd. It would compell every
! claimant to wait the action of Congress first, and
then the board, and as the bill is now amended, to
; wait also for the further action of Congress to con-
[ firm the final action of the commissioners.
The same reasoning applies to the third class of
cases as to the first, only in those cases the com-
missioners may overrule the rules and regulations
of every Department of the Government, may act
as a court of appellate jurisdiction, and unsettle all
the rules and regulations that time has shown to
j be most salutary. And under the pressure that
j would be likely to be brought to bear upon them.
I should much fear such a result.
As to the fourth, and by far the most important
class, it is a bill to authorize a body of men to take
money without limit from the Treasury, to pay to
claimants without law. Yes, sir, that is the naked
; proposition, to create a sort of sub-legislature; to
; consolidate Congress into one House and into three
i men, and to give to them unlimited power in all
cases of claims to say what ought to be paid, law
j or no law, equity or no equity. Sir, it is difficult
to conceive a more monstrous proposition. It is
not in human nature to possess such power and
to wield it with justice, or even a decent show of
propriety. Suppose we were asked to give to the
. Supreme Court power to decid e cases as they might
