1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
think proper, whether there was any law for it or |
not, Suppose some member should get up and ;
say, I move the Supreme Court have leave to de-
cide cases without law. What would be said to
such a proposition? As absurd as it would appear,
the one now before us is still more so; for we are
now asked to create a Board that is neither judicial
nor legislative—or ratherpartly both; that is not hal-
lowed by time, approved by experience, nor has
position or character that gives confidence, to do
the same thing;, to authorize them, by this meas-
ure, to put the hand of every claimant in the land
into the Treasury, and take out as much as they
choose to allow, in defiance of all law, of all the
branches of Go vernment, of the law-making power
itself. I trust that such a proposition is not to be
maintained.
Mr. CASEY. I am opposed, Mr. Chairman,
to the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dber.] It appears to me, that if we
intend to pass this law establishing a Board of Ac-
counts for the establishment of claims against the
Government, we must only pass it in the shape
of an advisory board. When we have given that
board discretionary powers, and then to make the
decisions of that board final and conclusive, it ap-
pears to me, to be traveling beyond our powers.
The Constitution of the United States gives the
whole power and purse of the Government into
the hands of Congress. It is not capable for them
to delegate to the Board of Accounts, orany person
else.
The CHAIRMAN, interrupting the gentleman,
said that he must confine himself to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CASEY. The amendment of the gentle-
man [Mr. Sackktt] has in my opinion the effect to
restore, not in words, but in effect, that provision
by striking out the word "law." It appears to
me that if a board is established, it ought to be
confined within the rules not only of equity, but
law. Whenever we attempt to oonfer discretionary
powers anywhere else than in the hands of Con-
gress alone, where the Constitution has placed it,
we are traveling beyond the powers which we
have a right to delegate to a Board of Accounts,
and we are conferring upon, such a board functions
which are only to be exercised by the Congress
, of the United States. Now, I am in favor of
this board, but I am not in favor of what is called
a court of benevolence or charity. If there are
discretionary powers to be exercised anywhere,
they must be exercised by those who represent the
people, and by those who are responsible to the
people, and to them alone.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ett's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BOWIE inquired of the Chair if it would
be in order to offer an amendment now?
The CHAIRMAN, in reply. Not at this mo-
ment. There is an amendment already pending,
. moved by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
_ Dues..]
Mr. GORMAN demanded tellers on the amend-
ment, which were ordered; and Messrs Ewing
and Thomas were appointed.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to—ayes 88, noes not
counted.
Mr. BOWIE moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out the word " determine," and inserting
*' report on," in lieu thereof.
Mr. B; said: The amendment which' I propose
is designed to make the bill consistent with itself.
The eighth section of the bill requires the commis-
sioners, " at the commencement of each session
of Congress," to report to Congress the facts found
by them in the several claims referred to and acted
upon by them, with their opinion in relation to the
same, and the principles upon which their decision
rests," which reports, both as to facts and princi-
ples, are subject to the action of Congress for con-
firmation or rejection.
The judicial character of the board has been
taken away, if it ever had such, by the adop-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr.. Duer,] by striking out that
clause which made their decisions when unanimous
final and conducive.
The great difficulty this bill has to encounter is,
the apprehension entertained by the committee,
that they are about to establish some extraordinary
tribunal which may absorb the powers of Con-
gress and embarrass the Government. The real
character of the board, as proposed by the bill
from the Senate, is not to erect a judicial tribunal,
but to create certain officers for the more expe-
ditious execution of its own legislative duties. The |
commissioners are mere conduits, through which
the claims of the petitioners to Congress may be
presented in their true light. The bill proposes to !
make the Government more accessible to the peo- j
pie; to open the doors of justice to those who are
now practically excluded by the delays attendant
upon the process of legislation. It protects the
Government, by converting an ex parte investi-
gation into a biparte examination, by which ,
every means is afforded to protect the Treasury
from combination and collusion, and it expedites
the adjustment of the claim by securing to the
claimant every reasonable facility for establishing
it, leaving the ultimatepayment to Congress, upon
a revision of the report of the commissioners.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, to hear the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Root] announce, as a foregone
conclusion, his conviction, that this bill is not to
pass into a law, and that the time devoted to it is
wasted. I hope the friends of the bill will not be
frightened from their propriety by such predic-
tions, or dissension as to the jurisdiction to be
given the commissioners. Every facility should
be offered to those who depend upon the justice of
a Government which cannot be compelled to pay
its creditors, or forced to compensate its agents or
employees.
Mr. BRISBIN said a few words in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. WENT WORTH inquired if it would be in
order now to move that the committee rise, in or-
der that the committee might be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN intimated that such a mo-
tion was in order.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved that the commit-
tee rise. He gave notice that if the committee
rose, be should move to discharge the committee
from the further consideration of the bill.
The committee divided on Mr. Wentwohth's
motion, and the Chair announced 61 in the affirm-
ative, and 25 in the negative.
Mr. COBB, of-Alabama, called for tellers, and
they were ordered, and. Messrs. Brown', of Indi-
ana, and Butler were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported
71 in the affirmative, and 62 in the negative.
So the committee rose.
And the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported the facts.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the rules of
the House be suspended, and that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Umon.be dis-
charged from the further consideration of .the spe-
cial order.
Mr. DUER inquired whether, if the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois should prevail, the question
would be on the bill as amended in committee or
on the bill as referred to the committee?
The SPEAKER stated, that the bill would be
before the House as it was when referred to the
committee, and that the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois would not bring before the House
any of the action of the committee on the bill.
Mr, DUER hoped, then, that the motion would
not prevail. .
Mr. WENTWORTH said that he wanted to
discharge the committee from both the bill and the
amendments.
The SPEAKER stated again, that if the motion
to discharge the committee from the bill prevailed,
it would bring the bill before the House without
the amendments.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that he made the
motion because there appeared to be no chance of
a cessation of the discussion on this bill, and no
chance of any other business being reached. If
he thought that gentlemen would allow the bill to
be brought to a vote, he would not press his mo-
tion. ,
Mr. ASHMUN asked if it would not be in or-
der to move to suspend the rules in order to in-
struct the committee forthwith to report the bill as
amended ?
The SPEAKER said that a motion of that kind
could be entertained.
Mr. ASHMUN suggested to the gentleman
from Illinois so to modify his motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH accepted the suggestion,
and accordingly moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer a motion to instruct the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
forthwith to report the bill as amended.
Mr. HALL called for the yeas and nays on the
motion.
Mr. PHELPS asked for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HALL ealled for tellers on the motion to
' suspend the rules.
■ Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Moore and
, Sawtelle appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
94 in the affirmative, and 55 in the negative.
So (two thirds not voting in favor of the motion)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. WELLBORN moved that the rules be
suspended, to enable him to move that the Com-
i mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the further consideration of the
Senate bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
| reimburse or pay to the State of Georgia the inter-
i est for advances made by that State for the sup-
| i pression of hostilities by the Creek and Seminole
j | Indians, in the years 1836 and 1837.
I Mr. INGE said that he rose, he believed, to a
j privileged question. He believed that a motion
i! to suspend the rules to go into Committee of the
II Whole on the state of the Union on the special
| orders, took precedence of any other motionto sus-
1 pend the rules ?
] The SPEAKER said that the Chair was of
opinion that it did.
Mr. INGE said that he would then submit that
motion.
, The question being taken first upon Mr. Inge's
J! motion, it was adopted, and
: The House accordingly again resolved itself into
! Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. McLane, of Maryland, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order.
Mr. GORMAN said he believed there was no
, amendment pending, but his motion to strike out
■ the first section of the bill.
I The CHAIRMAN replied that there was an
I amendment pending on which the committee were
r about to vote when the motion was made that the
! j Committee rise.
i The question was then taken on Mr. Bowie's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
II Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike out after
! I the word " upon," in the thirty-fourth line, first
section, the words "any law of Congress, or upon
any regulation of an Executive Department, or of
' | the Commissioner of Patents, or upon."
Mr. M.said: I understand, Mr. Chairman, the
decisions which have already been made by the
committee to indicate that a claim founded upon
a law of Congress is cognizable at the Department
j { where that law is to be administered. I do not
1i perceive the necessity of the jurisdiction as con-
1 firmed by this part of the first section, and if the
' amendment is made as I proposed, the board will
i have jurisdiction to hear and determine all cases
; reported by Congress to it—to determine these
i cases upon principles of law and equity. I pro-
I pose to strike out that portion of the bill which
I gives to this board a right to determine a claim,
which is alleged to be a claim founded upon the
I' regulations of the Executive Departments. In my
! opinion, to allow appeals from the decisions of the
! heads of Executive Departments to the Board of
; Claims is wrong.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mar-
! shall's amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Gorman's
i amendment to strike out the whole of the first sec-
:: tion as amended, as follows:
Be it enacted, That a hoard than be established to be
I called the Boanl of Accounts, and to consist of three com-
; j missioners, to be appointed by the President, by and with
, the advice and consent of the Senate. Each commissioner
j' shall receive a salary of thirty-five hundred dollars per un-
' nam, shall hold office for the period of six years, and shall
; be removable by the President for official misconduct. The
, first three commissioners to be appointed under this act
1 shall be appointed the one for two, the second for four, and
| the third for six years, after which all appointments shall
' be made for six years, unless they tire made to fill vacancies
' occasioned by death or resignation. The said commission-
ers way be reeligible. It shall be the duty of this board to
hear and determine all cases which may be referred by Con-
gress to the determination of said board. Any claimant,
; officer, or agent, who shall make a claim founded upon any
i' contract expressed or implied with the Government of tho
II United States, and suggest by bill, in tile nature of a bill in
