486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
eauity, that his claim cannot be brought witiiin the strict
provisions of law, but is goad in equity, shall be beard by
such board ; and the said board, in all their decisions,
shall be governed by the established principles of law and
equity.
Mr. HOLMES rose to address the committee
in opposition to the amendment, but 
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was not in or-
der to speak to the amendment, as it had already
been opposed. _ ;
Mr. McDONALD inquired whether a motion
to strike out and insert would not take precedence
of a motion simply to strike out ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that a motion to strike
out and insert would take precedence of a motion
to strike out merely.
Mr. McDONALD moved to strike out the first
section of the bill, and insert the first section of the
bill reported by the Chairman of the Committee
of Claims, [Mr. Daniel,] by way of substitute:
"That whenever any citizen or citizens of the United '
States feel aggrieved by the decision of the proper account- ,
ing officers ot the Treasury Department upon any pecuniary |'
claim or demand against the United States, growing out of
any lawful contract with the Government under any law of i
the United States, it shall be lawful for such citizen to file |'
his, her, or their petition in the district or circuit court of the I
United States for the State, Territory, or District of Colum- |;
bia, wherein the claim or demand arose, stating with brevity j
and certainty the material facts on which the same depends,
dates and places, making the attorney of the United States in
such court a party defendant thereto, and praying such relief
as he, she, or they may think themselves entitled to, which
petition shall be filed with the clerk of the court, who shall
indorse thereon the day of its delivery, and issue a copy
tliereofto the said attorney of the United States, to be served
upon him as process is served in similar cases by summons [
only: Provided, That the petitioner or petitioners, before 11
filing a petition as aforesaid, shall give bond and sufficient
surety to the clerk for the cost which may accrue in the pros-
ecution of the claim j and it shall be the duty of the court to
award costs against the petitioner or petitioners in all cases
in which the petition shall not be sustained, unless upon the
principles and rules of a court of equity the costs should be
otherwise awarded as those rules and principles may seem
to require; but if any citizen who is desirous of filing a
petition as aforesaid is unable to give security, and will
make affidavit before the clerk of that fi ct, and he is not
worth more than #10, his wearing apparel and tools of trade
excepted, he may file his petition without security."
Mr. McDONALD said: My object in proposing
this amendment is to bring the committee to a di-
rect vote upon the two propositions that have been
submitted to it; one that has been under the con-
sideration of the committee for the establishment
of a Board of Claims, reported by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Nelson,] and the other re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee of
Claims, [Mr. Daniel,] providing that suits might
be brought against the Government of the United
States by persons who may have just claims, for
any damages or money lost.
We have had, Mr. Chairman, this question dis-
cussed by almost every member of the committee.
They have expressed their sentiments upon one
i side or the other; and, therefore, perhaps I am jus-
tified in making a few remarks on the difference
between the two propositions under consideration.
The proposition for a Board of Claims takes
nothing away from the responsibility that nbw
rests upon Congress. It merely institutes a com-
mittee which shall sit the year round for the pur-
pose of investigating claims, and reporting upon
them here. The one that is now proposed gives
to all persons who may have just claims against
the United States an opportunity of testing these
claims in any of the Federal Courts of justice. I
am of the opinion that every individual who has
a claim against Governrtient should have an oppor-
tunity of pressing that claim, and if his demand
is such as would entitle him to redress in a court
of law or equity, if it was against a private indi-
vidual, I can see no reason why he should not be
permitted to establish it against the Government
before a judicial tribunal. The proposition merely
gives the same privilege against Government, to
which he would be entitled in pressing a suit against
any private individual for the recovery of money.
I do not propose any measure that is not just, both
to the individual and to the Government, and it
avoids our present imperfect mode of adjusting
claims, which enables claimants in many instances
to press through cases before Congress, that do not
possess any merit either in law or equity, while
many meritorious eases are postponed from year
to year until the honest claimant dies in hopeless
poverty, despairingofjustice, transmitting his claim
as a legacy to his heirs, to be revived and revamped
before some other Congress, in the hope that in the
general scramble that sometimes takes place it will
meet with a better fate; and for this reason it is
said with some truth that claims against the Gov- 1
ernment never die, though claimants sometimes do.
The evil has reached that extent which loudly
calls upon us for the establishment of some system
by which these claims may be brought before
some other tribunal for adjudication than Congress, !
not only that substantial justice may be done be- '
tween the Government and individuals, but also
to relieve the National Legislature from the bur- '
dens necessarily attendant upon the rapidly in-
creasing number of private claims, that incumber
the calendar to the exclusion of the legitimate
business of Congress.
The adoption of the Board of Claims will not
have the effect, it appears very clear to me, of re-
ducing the number of private bills on the calendar.
I have not a doubt but that it would increase that ,
number every year. If, however, courts of jus-
tice, governed by the rules and laws which apply
to the various cases which come before them for
adjudication, once passes judgment upon the va-
lidity of a claim, you have a rule of decision by
which other similer claims may be tried, while
the particular claim adjudicated is put to rest for
ever, as the final judgment of courts,if recorded
upon a subject, matter within their jurisdiction is
final and conclusive against the parties to the suit;
the claimant by coming into the court and sub-
mitting his demand to it for determination, has
placed a bar on the record against himself, and is
forever precluded from again pressing his claim; .
while the Government, by authorizing suit to be
brought, cannot gainsay the finding of its own ;
courts; and Congress, relieved from the pressure, '
of private businesses left free to transact the meas- t
ures of public interest for which, under the Con- |
stitution, it was ordained and constituted. I
I trust that the amendment will be adopted, as |
it ought to be, that all honest and just demands <
may be adjusted before those time-honored tribu-
nals, where questions of right and wrong have
so long been determined between man and man,
with so much satisfaction and certainty as to j
command the respect of the country , as a measure
of justice to the individual and justice to the Gov-
ernment. |
Mr. EWING said: I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, in easel can-
not get a better, but at the same time I am op-
posed to striking out the first section of the bill
and inserting the provision proposed by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, to make the district courts
of the United States tribunals to decide these
claims. To this I object. What is the whole
object contemplated by the bill ? It is to obtain
uniformity ki the ^decisions. That is the main
object of the bill. And now, throughout the
Union, you propose to make every district and
every circuit judge, the head of a tribunal that is
to decide what claims are just and what are un-
just. By such a system, I think you would break
down all the rules of the Departments. It is im-
possible that the district and circuit judges of the
United States can be so well acquainted with the
rules of the Department, or that they can become
so in a limited space of time. It is true that you
will grant appeals to the Supreme Court of the
United States. But how often would appeals be
prosecuted before that court ? Is it hoped- that in
the course of time, uniformity of decision would
be obtained by the various courts? This can never
be. It will take a century, aye, one hundred and
fifty years, before you can bring cases before the
1 Supreme Court of the United States, that will set-
tle general principles for the decision of every case
that can arise. But how is the Supreme Court of
the United States to attend to these cases? The
docket is already crowded. It now requires a
long time to get the cases that are brought up for
its decision before the Supreme Court. We nave
ten thousand cases brought up to be adjudicated
upton the general principles of law and equity. I
therefore nope that this proposition will not be
agreed to. Such a proposition is a desperate
remedy. I trust that the bill will be so constituted
as that some general rule shall control the decis-
ions in the different cases that arise before the
Departments. I hope that the district judges in
the thirty-one States of the Union, who are likely
in many cases to give different decisions, will not
be called upon to award the public money, by ad-
judicating upon these claims, necessitating, as it
would, the right of appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States. Let us have a board here
that is not judicial, for the heads of the Depart-
ments are ail judicial authorities—the construction
of the laws makes them judicial. What we want
is a board so constituted that they shall be able
to decide by some constant rules, all the cases
that are referred to the different heads of Depart-
ments; and so that we may be enabled to obtain
something like uniformity of decision. Such a
board would not be injurious either to the inter-
ests of the country, or of claimants. But so Ioni-
an the claimants continue to submit their claims
to the heads of Departments, we shall be unable
to obtain uniformity of decision, and Congress
will be unable to relieve itself.
Mr. JULIAN asked if an amendment was now
in order?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it depended en-
tirely on what the amendment was. The question
before the committee was to strike out the first
section of the bill, and insert what had been pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mc-
Donald.] It was in order to amend any part of
the bill proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. JULIAN moved to amend the amendment
of bis colleague, by adding thereto the following
proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize
said board to hear or decide any claim for the loss or ser-
vice of any slave.
Mr. J. said: I wish simply to state that the uni-
form practice of this branch of Congress, from the
foundation of the Government to the present time,
(with, I believe, but one solitary exception,) has
been to refuse all compensation for the loss or ser-
vice of slaves. The object of that amendment is
to recognize in the constitution of this board, that
uniform practice of our Government. I desire to
prohibit the proposed board from hearing and
determining any such cases.
Mr. McDONALD (interposing) raised the point
of order, that this was not an amendment to the
matter proposed to be inserted.
TheCH AIRMAN said, that this was an amend-
I ment to the amendment. The gentleman's col-
league had moved to add it as a proviso to what it
I was proposed to insert, in lieu of the first section
of the bill.
Mr. McDONALD said that the amendment
was not in order, as it was not germane to the
matter proposed to be inserted.
The CHAIRMAN said that the Chair would
state to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mc-
Donald,] that the amendment of his colleague
would be in order to the original section of the
! bill, as the friends of the bill had a right to perfect
that section before the vote was taken on tne mo-
tion to strike out and insert.
| Mr. JULIAN said that he would then offer hi*
amendment to the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he would enter-
; tain the motion as being in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON said that if the Chair de-
cided the amendment to be in order, he should ap-
' peal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
: when a motion is made to strike out and insert, it
■ is in order for the friends of the matter proposed
II to be stricken out to perfect the same before the
question is taken.
Mr. RICHARDSON (interposing) said, that
!j if the proposition was to strike out the entire bill
the decision of the Chairman would, he admitted,
be correct; but where it was proposed io strike out
' a section, the rule was not applicable.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair apprehends
that there is no distinction between the cases. "Hie
i parliamentary law is explicit, that whenever it is
proposed to strike out and insert, it is in order to
perfect the matter proposed to be stricken out, be-
fore the question is taken.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew his appeal.
Mr. JULIAN, (resuming.) I have stated that
the uniform practice of this branch of Congress
; has been to recognize slaves as persons, and not
as property for which compensation may be paid.
In 1816, in the better days of the Republic, there
were but thirty-two men in this House who would
vote against this principle. I offer this amend-
ment because I wish to recognize it in the estab-
lishment of this board. I desire to provide guards
against the future encroachments of the slave
interest of this country. ... - u
Mr HOLMES next obtained the floor. He
said, I am very glad that the gentleman from
