48*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gate claims, and report upon them to Congress; it
would then be for Congress to act oil them ac-
cording to the rules of law and equity.
Mr. DUER supposed that they were to report
in fnvor of allowing or rejecting the claims, and
he preferred that in so doing; they should be gov-
erned by the principles of law and equity.
Mr. THOMPSON said that the board was only
to investigate and report the facts of the case.
The question was again taken oil Mr. Duer's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. McDon-
ald's amendment as amended on the motion of
Mr. Breck, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Gorman's mo-
tion to strike out the first section of the bill as
a mended.
Mr. GORMAN called forte!lers;and they were
ordered.
Mr. NELSON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after the word " reeligible," in
the fifteenth line of the first section of the bill:
Every commissioner to tie appointed under this act, before
entering npon tbe duties of his office shall take an oath be-
fore any one of the justices ofthe Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, or before an; district judge, or justice of the
peace ofthe District of Columbia, faithfully, fairly, and im-
partially to discharge the duties imposed upon him as a
commissioner of this Board of Claims under this act.
Mr. NELSON called for tellers on the amend-
ment. Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Breck
and Srddon appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURT moved that the committee now
rise.
The motion, on a division, was rejected; ayes 52,
noes 75.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked if it was in order
to move that the committee sit the bill out ? [Laugh-
ter.)
The CHAIRMAN was understood to reply in
the negative.
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the bill by in-
serting the following: •
Provided, That no member of the present Congress shall
be appointed to any office created under this act.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object to that. It is
personal.
Mr. ALLEN said his amendment might not be
broad enough to cover the great defect in the bill,
but it would, in some degree, diminish a great
evil. He had scarcely taken up a newspaper for
a year or two past, without seeing notice of the
appointment to lucrative office of some son or
brother of a member of Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL. You do not mean me?
Mr. ALLEN. Oh, no, sir. It is not proper
for me to refer to any member, or the family of
any member. It is to be presumed that such ap-
pointments have been made without the solicitation
or knowledge of those whose friends have been
kindly provided for. But it has caused much
scandal in the community that so many offices
have been conferred upon the families of Repre-
sentatives and Senators. The bill before us con-
tains many high prizes, and the Executive, in the
kindness of his heart, may conclude that they
should be bestowed, not upon the younger mem-
bers, but upon such heads of families as may have
been stricken down in popular contest. For the
purpose of guarding the public mind against the
false impression that Congress, in its last days, is
engaged in establishing an infirmary for its own
wounded and disabled, I offer the amendment
which is on your desk. The ostensible object of
the bill is, justice to public creditors. Let there be
no imputation upon gentlemen that there is any
other than this ostensible object, or that mingled
with regard for long-suffering claimants, there is
any of that charity which begins at home.
Mr. MATTESON proposed to add, at the end
of the amendment, the words " except silver
greys." [Great laughter.]
The greatest confusion prevailed in the Hall at
this time.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN asked if tbe gentleman
wished to speak in opposition to the amendfnent
of the gentleman from Massachusetts? [Mr. Al-
len.]
Mr. EVANS said that he was going to oppose
Feb. 8,
[ the amendment by having a clause of the Consti-
■ tution of the United States read.
The Clerk read the following paragraph from
the Constitution of the United States:
"No Senator or Representative shall, during the time for
which he was elected, lie appointed lo any civil office un-
der the authority ofthe United States, which shall have
been created, or the emoluments whereof shall Imve been
increased during such time."
Mr. MATTESON said that he was seriously
desired by some of those around him to press his
amendment. [Laughter and cries of "You can-
not withdraw it."] He understood that he had no
right to withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman's
amendment had not been entertained by the Chair.
The question was then taken on Mr. Allen's
amendment, and it was adopted by a large ma-
jority.
The question recurred on Mr. Gorman's motion
to strike out the first section.
There were loud cries for tellers, and the utmost
confusion prevailed.
Mr. DANIEL asked if it was in order to move
to strike out the first section, and insert a substi-
tute'
The CHAIRMAN said thai it would be in or-
der when the pending amendment, [Mr. Gor-
man's,Jwas disposed of.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired if it would be in order
to have the section, as amended, reported to the
committee?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it had already
been reported six or seven times, and could not
again be reported if objection were made.
Mr. JONES objected to the reading of the
amendment.
The question on Mr Gorman's amendment
was then taken by tellers, (Messrs. Fowler, and
Thompson of Mississippi, acting,) and resulted—
ayes 78, noes 79.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. DANIEL askea if it would be in order
to move to strike out the first section of the bill,
and insert the substitute that he had offered ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it would be in
order.
Mr. DANIEL then moved to strike out the
first section of the bill, and insert the following as
a substitute: ,
That whenever any citizen or. citizens of the United I
States feci aggrieved by the decision of the proper account- 1
ing officers of the Treasury Department upon any pecu-
niary claim or demand against the United States, it shall be
lawful lot such citizen or citizens to file his, her, or their
petition in the District or Circuit Court of the United States
for the State, Territory, or District of Colambia, wherefn
the claim or demand arose, stating with brevity and cer-
tainty the material facts on which the same depends, dates
and places, malting the Attorney of the United States in
such court a party defendant thereto, and praying such re-
lief as he, she, or they may think themselves entitled to,
which petition shall be filed with the cleric of the court,
who shall endorse thereon the day of its delivery, and issue
a copy thereof to the said Attorney of the United States, to
be served upon him as process is served in similar cases by
summons only: Provided, That the petitioner or petition-
era, before filing a petition as aforesaid, shall give bond and
sufficient surety to the clerk for the cost which may ac-
crue in the prosecution of the claim; and it shall be the
duty of the court to award costs against the petitioner or
petitioners in all cases in which the petition shall not be
sustained, unless upon tbe principles and rules of a court
of equity the costs should be otherwise awarded as those
rules and principles may seem to require; but if any citi-
zen who is desirous of filing a petition as aforesaid is una-
ble to give security, and will make affidavit before the clerk
of that fact, and that he is not worth more than ten dollar*,
his wearing apparel and tools of trade excepted, lie may file
his petition without security.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said Attor-
ney of the United States shall transmit a copy of sticli pe-
tition to the Secretary of the Treasury as soon as he (hall
have been served with the same, whose duty it shall be to
cause a full statement of all the material facts of the case,
with the reasons of its rejection, to be forwarded as soon
as possible to the said Attorney, who shall file his answer,
without oath, to the said petition, stating such legal and
equitable defence as the case may admit of, but not admit-
ting the truth of any fact alleged in the petition, at the next
succeeding term of the court: Provided, he has been served
with a copy of the petition sixty days before the commence-
ment of the said term, unless for good cause shown, the
court sball allow further time. Afterthe answer shall nave
been filed, it shall be lawful for eitherparty to take out sub-
poenas for witnesses to appear personally, whose deposi-
tions shall be taken in court in presence of the Attorney of
the United States and entered of record; and the said wit-
nesses shall be liable to the cross-examination of the court,
a« well as of the parties to said petition; but upon affidavit
stating sufficient cause, the court may cause to be issued a
commission to take the depositions of witness " de bene
ette " to be read in evidence at the hearing, or rejected ac-
cording to the rules in such cases: Provided, That no inter-
rogatories shall be propounded to any Buch witness, except
those filed with the affidavit, or such as may be filed by '
I leave of the court; and in all other respprt* the prorpnl-
j inga shall bu regulated by the rules for conducting suits m
f chancery.
Sec. Wnrf he it further enacted, Thnt the court may,
for its own information, cmpanncl a jury for the purpose of
ascertaining nny lact or tacts 111 controversy between the
parties which shaft be entered of record in the form of an
issue or issues to be tried by a jury; and each paity shall
be entitled to subprpnns for witnesses who «hnN give testi-
mony at such trial, and shall aNo be permitted to read in
evidence the depositions taken in manner aforesaid, if not
, rejected by the court, or any other evidence may be pro-
duced; and the verdict of the jury may he entered of rec-
ord, or set aside by the court for sufficient cause, and anew
trial awarded, to he also entered of record.
Sec. 4. +4nd he it further enacted, That the Attorney for
: the United States may, at any time before a final decree,
with the leave ofthe court, make a Miffgestioii in writing of
any matters which he mny deem material, file interrogato-
ries to be answered on oath by the petitioner or petitioners
in Mich time as the court may direct; and if he. she, or
they shall refuse to answer the'said suggestion or interrog-
atories, or shall make insufficient answers m the opinion of
the court, the facts suggested shall be taken and considered
as confessed.
Sec. 5. •And he U further enacted, That when the record
shall be completed as hereinbefore directed, the court shall
proceed to a final hearing of the suit, and pronounce a de-
cree of relief or dismission, according to law and equity;
and if the sum in controversy shall exceed five hundred
dollars, the petitioner or petitioners, or the Attorney for the
United States may. within six months after the s lid decree
is rendered, appeal to the Circuit or Supreme Court of the
United States, as the case may require, or may remove the
record by writ of error, or supersedeas, the Attorney for
the United States, without giving bond or security, to pros-
ecute such appeal, writ of error, or supersedeas; and the
said Supreme Court, upon an inspection of the record and
proceedings, shall affirm, correct, or annul, the decree of
the District or Circuit Court, according to the rules of law
and equity; but if no appeal, writ of error, or supersedeas,
shall be taken or issued within the time above mentioned,
the said decree shall be final, excej>t as hereinafter pro-
vided.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers of
i the court shall be entitled to receive in the suits authorized
i by this act such fees as are by law established for Like ser-
; vices in suits of equity id said court, to be awarded upon
[ the principles and in the manner prescribed in the first sec-
jion against the petitioners or the United States, as in the
' opinion of the court the case may require.
Sec. 7. Jlnd he Ufurther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the severed courts in which suits authorized by this
act shall have been prosecuted to final judgment, to trans-
mit to the Secretary ofthe Treasury within thirty days
after the first of January of each year, a certified copy of
tbe record in each snit so determined, and tbe amount of
the judgment, when against the United States, and not ex-
ceeding five hundred dollars, shall be paid out of any money
in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated, and if of greater
amount than five hundred dollars, shall be reported to Con-
i gress by the Secretary of the Treasury. And if any clerk
! shall make and transmit to the Secretary of the Treasury a
false certificate of the record, with intent to defraud the
United States, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, ahd
upon conviction shall be fined not less than one hundred
nor more than five hundred dollars, at the discretion of the
court and imprisoned not exceeding six months nor less
than one month.
Sec. 8. JlnS. he it further enacted, That this act shall be
in force for four years from the ratification thereof, and no
i longer.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired if it was competent for
the gentleman from North Carolina to move his
substitute as an amendment to the bill?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from North Carolina had offered his substitute in
a modified form as an amendment to the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. DANIEL said; It seems to me, judging
from the remarks that liave been made by the ad-
vocates of this Board of Claims, that they entirely
misapprehend the nature of the evil that they pro-
pose to remedy. Sir, it is not that there is not
sufficient matter before Congress for its action,
for there is already infinitely more business before
Congress than we can dispose of. But it is, that
we are not disposed to transact this business.
Sir, this Board of Accounts, that is proposed to
facilitate the dispatch of the business that is sent
to us here, will be nothing but a mere commit-
tee to report the facts of the case. And how, I
ask, will this board facilitate the transaction of
this private business, if we remain still as indis-
posed to devote our attention to these private
claims? The effect of such aboard would merely be
to accumulate and enlarge the vast mass of matter
before Congress, and it will only retard instead
of aiding us in transacting the business. The
real evil in this matter is not that we have not pri-
vate business to perform, but that we will not act
upon it. How little time have we devoted to this
species of business! I do not believe that we took
up the private calendar three times during the
whole of last session of Congress. I usually
made a motion to get at it, prompted hy a sense
of duty. I knew that it was merely a pro forma
motion, and would have no effect. The fact is,
and you cannot disguise it, that there is an indis-
