1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
position for the transaction of this private business.
ltis true, as was said a Few days since, that when
private claim bills are got up, half the members on
this floor forsake their seats. It seems to me
then, that we should gain nothing by the establish-
ment of this Board of Accounts;—that it is a per-
fect mockery, as has been heretofore remarked.
If we earnestly wish to do something to enable
ns to arrive at the settlement of the just claims
against the Government, and if we really desire to
relieve ourselves of the trouble, I think we can ac-
complish it by the adoption of the proposition that
I have submitted. Let us refer these cases which
fall within the established principles of law and
equity to the constituted tribunals of the country,
and let them decide upon them. Let them obtain
all the evidence that can be had both on the part of
the claimant and on that of the Government; and
let them decide as becomes chancellors. Then we
may expect some end to the cases that are pre-
sented. Do not let us try any hazardous experi-
ments. I have therefore restricted the final judg-
ment of these tribunals to a small amount. When
the sum to be paid is large, it is to be reported
to the Secretary of the Treasury, who will report
it to Congress with the facts Of the case, ana all
the evidence adduced.
[The Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to make a few re-
marks upon the substitute of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel.] The bill and the
substitute, to a considerable extent,' go upon the
ground, that a court of equity might allow these
claims, but that it cannot be done by the regular
Departments as at present organized. That, as I
apprehend, is a mistake. The head of each De-
partment is a chancellor in this reject, so far as
it may act on claims, and may afford any relief
which the law allows. He is not confined to any
common law remedies. If you allow the Govern-
ment to be sued under the provisions of the sub-
stitute, the court of equity will have no larger
power of relief than the heads of Departments
now possess. A court of chancery proceeds ac-
cording to fixed rules of right, whidi are by no
means synonymous with moral obligations. The
great mass of claims here are neither legal nor
equitable in that sense, which a court of chancery
could relieve. Take a single instance of a claim
on your table. A Government agent exceeds his
power and instructions, and contracts for a quan-
tity of provisions to be delivered at a particular
point. They were delivered according to contract,
tut not taken and applied to the use of the Gov-
ernment, but destroyed by the weather. Here
there was no legal liability, because the officer ex-
ceeded hid authority; no equitable right which
chancery could enforce, because the articles never
actually came to the use of the Government. Yet
there is some moral obligation, because the party
dealt in good faith with a regular agent of the Gov-
ernment, the extent of whose power he could not
know; and the Government ought to suffer from
the misconduct of its own accredited agent, rather
than an innocent third party. Yet neither a court
of law, nor chancery, nor this board, cotild relieve
m such a case. The same may be said of all
cases of damages arising from trespass or mal-
feasance of Government officers, and yet these
constitute the mass of claims before Congress.
The bill as now amended would create simply
a board of reference and report, reserving to
Congress the power of confirming the reports and
passing the bills of the board, and consequently
the full power of appropriation would be reserved
to Congress. In my judgment we ought not to go
beyond this. I am opposed to making the decis-
ion of the board final in any case. We ought not
to part with the power of appropriation for payment
and supervision of claims of this character, unless
• we intend to give up all control over the Treasury.
It is obvious that a good report upon each claim,
by three sound lawyers, giving the facts and law
connected with the case, would be much assistance
to Congress, and would greatly expedite the busi-
ness of private claims. It would promote justice
to the claimants and protecttheGovernment against
frauds. Congress could take thfese reports up arid
act intelligently upon the subject, which is not the
case at present.
Such a board would attain another very desira-
ble object. Claims would be tried by legal evi-
dence, which is not now the case. They work
their way through here in many instances by
ex parte affidavits, which is one fruitful source of
frauds against the Government. Before the board I
testimony would be taken by regular depositions,
and there would be an opportunity of cross-exam- ■
ination and sifting the testimony. This alone
would save millioms to the Government by pre-
venting fraud and perjury.
Neither House of Congress has the time to in-
vestigate and prepare claims in such a manner as
to inspire confidence in the accuracy and justice
of their reports. The result is interminable de-
lay, which nearly amounts to a denial of justice.
I am opposed to that provision of the first section
! of the bill as originally reported, which allows the
I Departments to refer claims to the board. The
j result would be that all doubtful and difficult claims
would be shifted onto the board; as well as all
those that involved great responsibility. It would
also so accumulate business as to destroy the effi-
cacy of the board. On the other hand, I think
the jurisdiction of the board ought to be limited to
claims which have been rejected by the Depart-
ment, and which should therefore be referred by a
report of the board to Congress.
1 regard the whole amendment of the honorable
member from North Carolina as totally inadequate
to the object proposed, and objectionable in every
point of view. He authorizes the Government to
be sued in every District and Circuit Court in the
: Union, which is to have power to allow every le-
gal or equitable claim against the Government.
; The Departments have that power already, and
1 are much preferable forums to the courts, because ;
they understand better the nature and character of
the business. When a lawyer speaks of the dif-
ference between legal and equitable claims, he
, speaks of the difference in the remedy and mode
of proceeding, rather than any difference of law, i
or d istinctions of rights that prevail in courts of law
and equity* Both are governed by law and con-
i fined to rights arisingunder a fixed system of law
and rules of right. The gentleman *s courts would
have no more jurisdiction than the Departments
• now have. They would simply be appellate tri-
bunals to the extent of that jurisdiction. The gen-
tleman's bill provides for suits on all claims which j
have been rejected by the Departments, to be in- .
stituted in the courts of the district where the |
claim arose. It is easy to see that this will pro- i
duee endless and expensive litigation f which will I
result in much greater delay than the action of
Congress. By his modification, these judgments,
! to the amount of $500, are to be final, and those
for all larger sums to be reported to Congress by
the Secretary of the Treasury. As to the vast
mass of the claims which always will be before
Congress, we shall gain nothing by such a meas-
ure. The courts, could hear no case which was
not the subject of relief bv the known rules of
chancery, which would embrace only a small por-
tion of the claims; in fact, .only these already in
the power of the Departments to relieve. The sub-
titute is simply a delusion, and provided no reme-
dy for the evils which we wish to remove.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the committee
rise.
Loud cries of" No!" " no !"
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to. .
The question recurring upon the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,]
he asked for tellers, which were ordered, ana
Messrs. Gorman and Clingman were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 65.
So the substitute of Mr. Daniel was adopted.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the committee
rise; on which motion tellers were called for and
ordered, and Messrs. Boyd and White were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 68.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. DANIEL moved to strike out the re-
maining section of the original bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That an attorney for
tlte United States, to represent the Government before said
1 board, shall he appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, for the term of four
i years, and  KaU be removable for official misconduct. It
shall oe the duty of said attorney to prepare all cases on the
part of the Government for hearing before said board, and
to argue the same when prepared; to cause testimony to be
taken, when necessary to secure the interest of the United
j States ; to prepare forms, file interrogatories, and superin-
i tend the taking of testimony, in the manner prescribed by
said board, and generally to render such services as may
be required of him, from time to time, by the same. Said
attorney shall be sworn to the faithful discharge of tbe du-
ties of his office, in the manner prescribed for the qualifica-
tion of commissioners in the first section of this act; and
he shall receive a compensation of $3,000 per annum for
his services, to be paid quarterly from the Treasury of the
United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said board
shall have authority to appoint commissioners to take testi-
mony to be used in the investigation of claims that may
come before it; to prescribe the fees they shall receive for
their services, and to issue commissions for the taking of
such testimony, whether the same shall be taken at the in-
stance of the claimant, or of the United States. When tes-
timony is taken for the claimant, the fees of the commis-
sioner before whom it is taken, and the cost of the commis-
sion and notice, shall be paid by such claimant; and when
taken at the instance of the Government, such fees, togeth-
er with all postage incurred by the attorney aforesaid in his
official capacity, shall be paid by him, and refunded to him
out of the contingent fund provided for said board. In all
cases, when it can be conveniently done, the testimony
shall be taken in the county where the deponent resides ;
and the commissioner taking the same is hereby authorized
and required to administer an oath or affirmation to the wit-
nesses brought before him for examination.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in aH cases
where it shall appear to the board that the facts set forth in
the petition of the claimant do not furnish any ground for
relief, it shall not be the duty of the commissioners to au-
thorize the taking of any testimony in the case, [until the
same shall have been reported by them to Congress, as is
hereinafter provided: Provided, however, That if Congress
shall, in such case, fail to confirm the opinion of said board,
they shall proceed to take the testimony in such c.ise.]
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in taking testi-
mony to be used in support of any claim before said com-
missioners, opportunity shall be given to the United States
to file interrogatories, or by attorney to examine witnesses,
under such regulations as said board shall prescribe, and
like opportunity shall be afforded the claimant in cases
where testimony is taken on behalf of the United States
under like regulations.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if any person
shall knowingly and willfully swear falsely before said com-
missioners, or before any person or persons commissioned
by them, or authorized by this act, to take testimony, in a
case pending before said commissioners at the time of ta-
king said oath, or in a case thereafter to be submitted to said
board, such person shall be deemed guilty of peijury, and,
on conviction thereof, shall be subjected to the same pains,
penalties, and disabilities which now are, or shall be here-
after, by law prescribed for willful and corrupt peijury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for any member of Congress, nor any person holding
any office under the United States, or in the employ of apy
of tbe Departments of the Government, to be retained or
employed as agent, attorney, or solicitor, or in any manner
whatever, in the prosecution of any claim against the Uni-
ted States: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
be authorized to exclude members of Congress from aiding
rrafttitousty in the presentation and prosecution of claims in
behalf of their respective constituents before said board.
No communication, oral or in writing, touching any claim
before said board, shall be made to any member thereof,
unless in open court.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That said board
shall, at the commencement of each session of Congress,
and at the commencement of each month during the ses-
sion of Congress, report to Congress the facts found by
them, in the several claims referred to and acted upon by
them, with their opinion in relation to the same, and the
principles upon which their decision rests, stating as far as
practicable, also, tbe facts thus found to be established, un-
der appropriate heads, together with such history of the
claim as shall show what action, if any, has been had
thereon by Congress, or any of the Departments; who is
die owner thereof, and if an assignee, when and for what
consideration he became interested therein; and shall pre-
pare a bill or bills in those eases which shall have received
the favorable decision of said board; and the said board
shall transmit with said reports the testimony in each case,
whether the same shall receive the favorable or adverse ac-
tion of said board.
Sec* 9. And be it further enacted, That said reports of
said board, and the bins reported by them, shall, if not finally
acted upon during the session of Congress to which the
said reports are made, be continued from session to session,
and from Congress to Congress, until the same shall be
finally acted upon, and tbe consideration of said reports and
bills shall, at the subsequent session of Congress, be re-
sumed, and the said reports and bills be proceeded with, in
the same manner as though finally acted upon at the ses-
sion when presented.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the claims re-
ported upon adversely shall be placed upon die calendar
when reported, and if the decision of said board shall be
confirmed by Congress, said decision shall be conclusive;
and the said board shall not, at any subsequent period, con-
sider said claims unless such reasons shall be presented to
said board as, by the rules of common law or chancery in
suits between individuals, would furnish sufficient ground
for granting a new trial.
Sic. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, within
a reasonable time after the passage of this act, to appropri-
ate such rooms in the Capitol at Washington for the use of
said board-as may be necessary for their accommodation,
unless it shall appear to the Speaker that such rooms can-
not be appropriated without interfering with the business of
Congress; and, in that event, the said board shall procure
at the city of Washington such rooms as may be necessary
for the convenient transaction of their business, at an ex-
pense not exceeding six hundred dollars per annum.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That said board shall
have the use of all recorded and printed reports made by
the committees of each House, when deemed to be neces-
