1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
New York and other citizens of the same place,
•skin? « modification of the patent laws; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, memorials from the assistant marshals of
the southern district of New York for taking the
census in the counties of Rockland and Suffolk,
asking to be allowed an increase of compensation.
Also, a memorial from the assistant marshal of
the city of New York, asking the same; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented three memorials, nu-
merously signed by citizens of Indiana, in favor of
the establishment of a line of transports to the
western coast of Africa, and the adoption of meas-
ures for the suppression of the African slave
trade, and also in faror of the acknowledgment of
the independence of Liberia; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial from inventors and other citizens of
New York, asking a modification of the patent
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, 1 present a memo-
rial from the citizens of the town of Sonora, the
seat of justice of Tuolumne county, in the State
of California, asking for the passage of a bill by
Congress giving them the lots on which they re-
side and have improved. The petitioners say that
there is no private land claim that covers the site
of the town; that the lands belong to the United
States; that by their labor and industry a mere
camp for miners has become a flourishing town;
that this has been brought about, not by specu-
lators, but by actual settlers engaged in mining
and commerce. They express a willingness to
pay a moderate price for their lots, and sent me
the form of a bill which they wish me to present
to the Senate for its consideration. I am in favor
of the principles contained in the memorial, bat
go farther than the citizens of Sonora ask. I go
for giting the- actual settlers not only in Sonora,
but every town located on the public lands in Cal-
ifornia, the lots on which they lire and upon which
they have made improvements. I introduced a
bill u> accomplish this object at the last session. I
have introduced a similar bill this session, which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and has been reported upon favorably by
that committee, and will no doubt pass during
this session of Congress. My bill proposes to
give to every actual settler his lot and the balance
of the land to the township for public improve-
ments. But, sir, as the petitioners request the
subject shall be laid before Congress, I move the
reference of the memorial and bul to the Commit-
tee on the PuMic Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a donation of
Fort Atkinson and the land attached for the pur-
pose of establishing a normal manual labor and 1
military institute in that State; which was referred |
to the Committee on the Public Lands and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MASON. I have received two memorials,
one of them signed by a majority of the members
of the Legislature of Virginia, and the other signed
by a majority, I believe, of the members of the
Convention bow sitting at Richmond in Virginia
to amend the constitution of that Commonwealth.
Each of them expresses a favorable opinion of a
measure that has been projected and which is now,
as I am informed, before the other branch of Con-
gress, but is not before the Senate-—being a plan
for the establishment of a line of steamers to the
western coast of Africa. One of the purposes of
this plan is the deportation of free negroes from
the United States to the western coast of Africa.
The memorialists express themselves favorable to
the project, and recommend it to the considera-
tion and approval of Congress, with such modifi-
cation of the plan proposed as the wisdom of Con-
gress may devise.
In presenting these memorials 1 think it right to
say that, although one of them emanates from a
majority of the members of the General Assem-
bly of Virginia, I understand it only as expressive
of the individual sense of each member who signs
it. I do not understand it as expressing the
sense of the constituents of such members. Cer-
tainly they are entitled to very great respect from
me, and the respectful consideration of-Congress.
What I mean to say is, that I can in no light look
upon them in the form of instructions from the ,
constituent body which I represent here, and the
Senate will allow me to say very briefly that, so
far as I have considered the plan which is pro-
posed by the memorialists, I do not concur with
them in the favorable opinions they have ex-
pressed. I am not prepared to say that it is com-
petent for the Congress of the United States to
expend the public money,directly or indirectly, for
the deportation of free negroes. I move, therefore,
that they be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and, from respect to the memorialists, ask
that they may be printed.
The motion to refer was agreed to, and the mo-
tion to print was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HALE. I have received a large number
of petitions very numerously signed. I have not
taken the trouble to count them, but I should think
there were some thousands fro.n the State of Mas-
sachusetts, mostly from Boston and its vicinity,
and I find by high authority that it is within the
rule that requires the Senator to state the contents
of a petition lo say a word or two of the character
of the petitioners. I will simply say, however,
that these petitioners, numerous as tliey are, com-
bine some of the most respectable people in that
section of the country from which they come. 1
see before my eyes at this moment, upon the peti-
tion, the name of an individual who is himself a
son and a grandson of a President of the United
States, and a man whose present position adds
lustre to the ancestral fame which comes to him
by inheritance. I see the names of others who
are celebrated in all the arts that embellish society
and advance its progress. I see the names of cler-
gymen who with gigantic intellect have seized
religion from the grasp of superstition, thus com-
mending it to our judgment, not less than to our
affections, all asking for the repeal of the fugitive
slave law. But, Mr. President, I am aware that
the petitions will hare no effect; the day has not
come. I know it is supposed that we have de-
monstrated now that, though hand joined in hand,
the wicked shall go unpunished; but I trust a bet-
ter day will dawn. I was going to suggest that I
hoped the Senator from Georgia who sits furthest
from me [Mr. Dawson] will not move to lay these
petitions on the table, but allow the motion to be
made by those who have been suspected of being
favorable to these sentiments at home, but have
had new light since they came here.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the petitions be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE also presented a memorial from
John L. Hayes, asking to be allowed for rent
paid by him while a clerk in the United States
courts for the district of New Hampshire, for
rooms in which he kept the records and papers of '
the court; which was referred to the Committee of .
Claims. l
Mr. DOWNS presented a memorial from the j
importing merchants of New Orleans, in favor of I
an increase of the salaries of the appraisers and i
assiatantappraisers at that port; which was referred !
to the Committee on Commerce. I
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of Albert Root !
and others, asking a postponement for the present
of the bill for the amendment of the patent -laws; 1
which was ordered to lie on the table. 11
.Also, from citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a j
modification of the tariff; which was referred to ,!
the Committee on Finance. I •
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition of resi- i
dents of the city of Philadelphia, asking a modifi-
cation of the patent laws; which was ordered to
lie on the lable.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking a modification of the patent laws; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of Betsey S. Warren, asking
to be allowed a pension, in consideration of the
services of her father, General Joseph Spencer, in
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania, in favor of the repair of the public piers at
Chester, in the river Delaware; which were ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the same, in favor of grant-
ing to soldiers and sailors of the last war with
Great Britain and of Indian wars the same grants
of bounty land as those who served in the war
with Mexico; which was ordered to lie on the ta-
ble and be printed.
Mr. DA WSON presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking an amendment of the
bounty land law, so as to secure one hundred and
sixty acres to those who served in the war of 1813;
or, in other words to be placed on the same foot-
ing with those who served in the Mexican war;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Tozer, asking to be allowed a pension for his
services in the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
reports from committees.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Mary Smith
Whetmore, widow of an officer of the army, ask-
ing a pension, submitted an adverse report on the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Hester L. Henry, widow
of William Henry, asking a pension, in consider-
ation of the services of her husband, made an ad-
verse report in writing; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of S. G. Green, asking an
amendment or the pension laws, made an adverse
report on the same; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Abraham L. Knicker-
bocker, asking to be allowed a pension for injuries
received whilst engaged in the United States service
at the arsenal at Watervleit, made an adverse report
in writing; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Edith Fams, widow of
Edmund Farns, asking to be allowed full pension
under the act of 1836, made an adverse report in
writing; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Wm. C. Harrison, asking
a pension for the loss, of an eye while employed
in the revenue service, made an adverse report in
writing; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the documents in relation to the claim of
Absalom Hughes, submitted a report in writing,
asking to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, on the ground that the case
had been provided for; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Parkerson Hocker, asking
a pension for services in the Florida war, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the peti-
tion of the heirs of James Bell, reported a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act for the relief of the
heirs of James Bell, deceased;" which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to regu-
late the surveying and sale of islands belonging to
the United States, reported back the same without
amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill granting to the States of Arkan-
sas and Missouri the right of way and a portion
of the public lands, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from St. Louis, Missouri, via Little Rock,
to some point on Red river, reported back the
same with an amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred House bill for the relief of Jasper A. Maltby,
reported back the same without amendment, with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Robert Butter, late sur-
veyor general of Florida, asking additional com-
pensation and the reimbursement of certain ex-
penses, submitted an adverse report in writing;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of Cincinnati,
Ohio, asking a donation of land to the Ohio and
Mississippi Railroad Company, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
