492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
referred the several memorials from citizens of St. '
Louis county, in the State of Missouri, from the ;
judges of the county courts of Gasconade, Mis-
souri, and the citizens of said county, and from
citizens of Moniteau, Missouri, asking the right
of way and a grant of land to the Pacific Railroad
Company, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same; which was agreed to.
resolutions submitted.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Ordered, That each member of the Senate be supplied
with twelve additional copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix of the last session, and that the Secretary
cause the same to be bound.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following order,
which lies over under the rule:
Ordered, That from this day until the further order of the
Senate the hoar of meeting be eleven o'clock, a. IU.
resolutions agreed to.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolred, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of abolishing the duty on all
flour imported from any port on the Pacific ocean into any
port of the United States.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of preventing the
filling up the bay «f San Diego by turning the San Diego
river into False Bay.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Remised, That the Committee on Naral Affairs inquire
into the expediency of authorizing such alterations in the
machinery of the steamer Alleghany as experience may
have suggested as necessary and proper, in order to test in a
satisfactory manner the merits or demerits of the submerged
horizontal wheel as a mode of propulsion in steam naviga-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if compatible with the public interest,
all the information communicated to him by the Mexican
Minister, M. de la Rosa, relative to the drafts drawn by the
Mexican Government on the Treasury of the United States
under the contract made by that Government with J. D.
Marks, and the wishes of the Mexican Government in rela-
tion thereto.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol- ;
lowing resolution; which was considered and agreed !
to: j
Resolved, That the President of the United States be j
requested, as far as he may think it compatible with the !
public interest, to communicate to the Senate such corre-
spondence of the United States Consul at Panama with the
Secretary of State and the Postmaster General as relates to
taxation by the Government of New Granada on citizens
of the United States when in transitu across the Isthmus of
Panama; also such as relates to the mail service of the
United States at said isthmus.
bills on leave.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
authorizing the surveyor general of the United
States for the State of Arkansas to prepare a copy
of the field notes of the surveys of the public lands
in that State for the use of that State; which was
read a first and second time by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to bring in a joint resolution
directing a sword to be presented to the nearest
male relation of Major Samuel Ringgold, late of
the Army; which was read a first and second
time by its title and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
amendment of fugitive slave law.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill explanatory
of the act approved 18th September, 1850, entitled
"An act to amend and supplemental to the act
entitled an act respecting fugitives from justice and
persons escaping from the service of their masters,
approved February 12, 1793;" which was read a
first time by its title.
The bill is in the following terms:
Be it enacted, 4'c., That all actions and causes of action,
and all proceedings instituted or to be instituted, for any
violation of the provisions of said act respecting fugitives
from justice and persons escaping from the service of their
masters, approved 12tb February, 1793, may be instituted
and prosecuted to final judgment and execution as if the
said act of September 18,1850, had not been passed.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I move that
this bill, together with the accompanying papers,
go to the (Committee on the Judiciary. Before
the question is put, however, I desire to state that
there is a misapprehension on the part of some
Senators as to the true object of this bill. To cor-
rect any erroneous impression that may exist here
or elsewhere, I will state that this bill in no way |
interferes with or disturbs what are known as the '
"compromise measures," passed at the last session ;
of Congress. I advocated those measures then,
and when present at the voting uniformly gave
them my support. I shall be the last Senator on
this floor to offer any proposition proposing a re-
peal of any one of them, or in any way renewing
the agitation and mischievous excitement we have
passed through. There are conflicting opinions,
Mr. President, among the legal minds of the coun-
try, as to whether the act of 1793 (as it is called)
was repealed by the compromise measures of last
session. This bill is merely declaratory in its
nature, enacting that all legal rights existing under
the law of 1793 may be prosecuted to final judg-
ment and execution, as though the fugitive slave
law of 1850 had not passed. It is proper I should
state that this bill was prepared by a distinguished
citizen of Indiana, once a member of this body, a
gentleman of acknowledged talents as a jurist and
statesman—I refer to the honorable 0. H. Smith
—and as 1 understand from the letter that accom-
panies the bill, is intended to cover a class of cases
pending and undisposed of when the law of 1850
passed. All that lie petitions for is a reference of
this bill to the appropriate committee of this body,
not doubting, as 1 cannot doubt, they will make
such report, and Congress will take such action
as right and justice demands. I ask that the ac-
companying paper go with the bill to the Commit-
, tee on the Judiciary.
The letter submitted by Mr. Bright calls the
attention of the Senate to a matter connected with
the recent slave law. Long before the passage of
the act it says that Mr. John Norris, of Boone
county, Kentucky, was robbed of his slaves by
violence at South Bend, Indiana. He brought one
suit for the price of the negroes, and at May term
last recovered judgment; the case was one of great
aggravation, so much so as to make it right and
proper to bring suits for the penalty under the act
of J793. Several suits were pending at the time
the act of 1850 was passed. At the present term
of the court demurrers were filed to the declara-
tions, and the ground taken was that the aet of the
last session was a repeal by implication of the act
of 1793, so far as related to the penalty, and did
by such repeal put an end to the cases, and right
of Norris to recover. The court, after a long argu-
ment, took the cases tinder advisement; and as it
is not to be supposed that Congress intended to
defeat the prosecutions pending at the time of the
passage of the act, the writer suggests, in order to
leave no ground for doubt on the subject, that
Congress pass a declaratory law, that all prosecu-
tions or actions pending at the date of the act of
September, 1850, for violations of the act of 1793,
and all right to bring actions for the violation of
that law before the passage of the act of 1850,
shall remain the same as if that act had not been
passed.
Mr. HALE. Before the question is put—I am
not going to oppose it—I want simply to call the
attention of the Senate and the country to this
singular fact. Here is a subject confessedly within
our jurisdiction, upon which we are legislating,
and upon which we are proposing to act, and yet
the most respectful petitions that are sent here on
the subject are contemptuously refused a hearing.
Mr. FOOTE. In regard to the action referred
to by the Senator from New Hampshire, so far
as my own course is concerned, I would say that
I have intended no contemptuousness to any por-
tion of the people of the United States, even to
those who have been somewhat officious in bring-
ing up these matters.
i The motion to refer the bill to the Committee
| on the Judiciary Was agreed to.
bills passed.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
The bill to enforce discipline and promote good
conduct in the naval service of the United States.
The bill to grant to the New Haven and New
London Railroad Company the right of way
through the custom-house lot in New London.
The joint resolution changing the mode of ap-
pointing the Works of the treasurers of the Mints
of the United States.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BADGER. At the commencement of this
session, Mr. President, either in consequence of
your partiality or your excellent discrimination, I
was placed at the head of a very important com-
mittee of the Senate, the Committee on Enrolled
Bills. I now find myself, in consequence of the
retirement of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] from this body, in the unhappy con-
dition of an officer with nobody under his com-
mand—the committee originally consisting of but
two members—being a situation very unpleasant
to me; and at this stage of the session likely to
obstruct the public business, as there are many
bills to examine. I rise to move that the Chair
be authorized to fill the vacancy on the committee,
and I wish also to extend the motion—as the
committee should consist of very excellent ma-
terials, and I doubt very much whether one gen-
tleman can adequately fill the place of the late
Senator from Massachusetts—so that the Chair
may be authorized to appoint an additional mem-
ber of the committee.
The double motion was agreed to.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS.
The bill to provide for the distribution of the
Annals of Congress came up on its third reading.
It was read a third time, and the question was on
its passage.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope this bill will not
be passed. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the bill, and to its phraseology. If I un-
derstand it correctly it appropriates an indefinite
sum of money to continue a book publication,
which will perhaps involve an expenditure of
$150,000. But, worse than that, a large portion
of it I regard as one of the most useless of the many
worthless publications that have been made. About
$20,000 of this amount is to pay for books which
we already have. Those which we propose to buy
are entitled " Annals of Congress, 1st Congress
2 vols. 1 and 2, from 1789 to 1791." Those which
we have been buying for so many years, and of
which the first named are duplicates, are entitled
" Debates in Congress, old series, from 1789 to
1791." They are books of the same size, binding,
and matter, and published and sold by the same
gentlemen, Messrs, Gales & Seaton.
\ I am opposed to the whole appropriation, and
' .move that the bill be recommitted to the committee,
i with instructions to strike out the second section,
and to repeal so much of the joint resolution of the
3d March, 1849, and the act of September 30,1850,
, respectively, as authorize any subscription for the
compilation of the debates and proceedings of Con-
gress, from the end of the 4th to the end of the
I 18th Congress, or any publication of the same,
j Mr. PEARCE. 1 hope the Senate will not
agree to recommit the bill with the view of having
the second section stricken out, and I will briefly
state the reasons for it. The Senate and House
of Representatives have by law authorized a con-
tract to be made with Messrs. Gales & Seaton for
the publication of the Annals of Congress, from
the end of the fourth session of Congress up to the
beginning of the 18th, where their Register of De-
bates began. That Register of Debates we have.
' It was thought important to complete the Congres-
sional history of the country by an uninterrupted
series; and the act of the last session, and the ses-
sion before that, authorized Messrs. Gales & Sea-
ton to make this publication, from the commence-
ment of Congress under the present Constitution,
down to the beginning of the 18th Congress. Those
acts authorized the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives to contract
with Gales & Seaton for.a given number of copies
, of these Congressional Annals. The contract has
1 been made in pursuance of law, and I suppose
j there can be no doubt that Congress is bound to
j pay for the books when they are delivered accora-
; ing to contract. . . . . ,
| The second section of the bill, which it is the
object of the Senator from Iowa to have stricken
out, makes provision, as these books must be de-
i livered in parts, that they shall be paid for as de-
! livered. That is all. Heretofore it has been cus-
tomary, when contractors deliver a portion of the
works contracted for, to receive them, and at the
ensuing session of Congress to appropriate money
