1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That the money appropriated in this item shall
be paid in strict conformity with the treaty with said Indians
of August 6,1646.
Mr. DAWSON. I trust my friend from Wis-
consin will withdraw that amendment. I would
say to him that these Cherokees are exceedingly
intelligent men, and are capable of managing their
own affairs. They hold their agents to as strict
an accountability as we are held to our constitu-
ents. All the fees that have been pledged to be
paid by these people have been discharged, I think,
with the exception of one, and I cannot understand
why we should undertake to dictate to them in the
management of their affairs. These people have
been my neighbors and citizens of my State, and
the Senate need be under no apprehension of their
sustaining any injury by reason of want of judg-
ment on their part. There is but one individual
that can be affected by this amendment, and his
claim does not amount to four per cent. With this
statement I trust the Senator from Wisconsin will
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I would be disposed to do as
much as any Senator, as a matter of personal
accommodation; but, as I look upon our treaties
with our Indians, we have never been in the habit
of complying with them. We agree with them to
pay them a certain sum of money per capita. Per-
sons go among and represent to them that there is
no possibility of their getting their money. They
throw embarrassments in the way of the Indians
being paid according to the treaty. Years roll
round, and the Indians at last begin to despair that
they shall ever get their money. About this time
these same individuals go round and tell the In-
dians that by employing them the money can be
got, by immense efforts and incurring large ex-
penditures. They fall in with the natives, and in
a great many instances they are induced to promise,
and ultimately to pay, enormous, exorbitant, and
extortionate per centage upon the amount that is
due them from the Government. When this con-
tract is made, these agents step forward and press,
the claim. It is perfectly clear and manifest, then,
that the Indians nave been long entitled to it, and
the wonderment is that they have never before
been paid. We make the appropriation, but in-
stead of complying with the treaty and paying the
money to the Indians per capita, we pay it to these
agents.
I know not what this case may be. I offer the
amendment to carry out a general principle. I of-
fered it at the last session. It then prevailed, and
I hope it will prevail now. We are at least on
the safe side in adopting it, for if we intend to
pay the Indians, we should pay them according
to the treaty; and if we do not intend to pay them,
we should undoubtedly not pay those to whom
the money was not due.
Mr. MASON. There may be cases, and I
doubt not there are, where it is proper that the
Government should interpose a protecting hand be-
tween thisclassof people and their agents or coun-
sel, with a view to prevent their being plundered or
misled. I admit, in ordinary cases between the
Indian tribes, when they are applicants for money
for any purpose to this Government, this would
be proper; but I am not at all aware that it is just
or wise for the Government to interpose its in-
tended protection on all occasions, in pursuance
of a general principle. If such be die intention
of this Government, it out to be affirmed by a gen-
eral law.
The subject of this appropriation was brought
to my notice within the last year or two, ana it
happened to be personally know to me, as has
been stated by the Senator from Georgia, that the
Indians to whom this money is proposed to be
paid are an educated, an intelligent, an organized
portion of the community, represented by intelli-
gent and able men, as capable of making contracts
as any Senator on this floor. I think, therefore,
to apply the principle of the amendment of the ,
Senator from Wisconsin to this individual instance, 1
might operate very unjustly towards those who 1
have been the agents of these Indians, and might1
be unjust to the Indians themselves. I cannot,
therefore, vote for the amendment.
Mr. W ALKER. If the Indians in this partic-
ular case be of the kind described by the Senator
from Vireina and the Senator from Georgia, there
is but little doi}bt that the agent or agents that may
| be interested in this fund in the way of fees or a
percentage will be paid by these Indians. If they
I be the class of men they are described to be, they
will feel in honor bound to comply with their ob-
I ligations to their attorneys, if they have any; but
I deny that they have or have had any power
| whatever to so far bind the Congress of the Uni-
i ted States as to make it violate the plain meaning
of the treaty, and pay the money, not to the In-
dians per capita, as required by the treaty, but pay
a portion of that fond to their own citizens in the
shape of attorneys' fees.
1 Can any mortal man explain why this money
was not paid before, if the fact of its being due is
now so perfectly manifest ? And can any one ex-
plain why, if these Indians are of the peculiarly
intelligent character they are described to be—and
that they are so, I have no disposition to deny—it
has not been before paid ? I apprehend the reason is
one which I have mentioned before, that there has
been mist thrown about this matter. Dust has been
thrown into their eyes; and they havs been kept
back until they were induced to offer very large
attorneys' fees. I do not pretend to take issue
, with the Senator from Georgia on that point, but
the probability is that a large compensation has
been offered. If it has been offered, it is probable
that these intelligent Indians can as well appre-
ciate it as anybody else, and can easily comply
with their obligations, but we are not bound to
step in between them and their attorneys, violate
the treaty, and pay a portion of the fund to attor-
neys.
Mr. FOOTE. If any such corrupt practices as
have been alluded to by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin can be established by proof, I shall vote with
him in support of the amendment introduced by
him., But I am not in the habit of presuming
fraud or knavery upon mere suggestion or sur-
mise. In this particular case 1 know of no
person who has alleged on his own knowledge
that the ill practices to which the Senator refers
have taken place. I indulge, therefore, at present,
no such suspicion as that to which the honorable
Senator has given expression. I concur with the
honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
that this tribe of Indians are amply qualified to
attend to their own business. If such is the
case—and it is not disputed by the Senator from
Wisconsin—I do not know why it is that on
mere suspicion or innuendo we should undertake
to intrude our guardianship upon them. If it can
be shown that they stand in need of this sort of
gratuitous protection, I am willing they should
nave the benefit of it, but until I am satisfied that
they are not competent?to manage their own con-
j, ceras, I shall object to our intermeddling with
(' them in the manner proposed by the Senator from
; Wisconsin. I believe that any contracts which [
j may exist between the Cherokees and their cho-
'•; sen agents were entered into with a knowledge of
I, all the circumstances connected with the claim, j
! and that the contractors on either side were per-
fectly competent to guard their own interests. I
I have no doubt that in this, as in many other such
, cases, it wets necessary that attorneys learned in
the law, intelligent, high-minded, and honorable '
agents, should be employed for the purpose of fa-
I cilitating the examination of this matter, and the
! rendition of ultimate justice by the Government to
the parties interested. It will not do on vague
' suspicion, founded upon the tardy legislation of1
! Congress in behalf of just claims, to fix a brand
of discredit upon gentlemen of high standing, 1
whose criminality seems only to be that they hav«
undertaken to do what I presume any respectable
attorney qualified for the performance of the duty :
would not hesitate to do under similar circum-
stances; which is, simply to engage in the prose-
i cution of a claim like the present one for a reason-
able pecuniary recompense. Especially, sir, am
I unwilling to presume against worthy members
of my own profession, against whose character no
one is prepared to present any specific allegation
of unfair or dishonorable conduct. Such is my
high respect for my friend from Wisconsin, that
: if he will rise in his place and say he has any per-
' sonal knowledge of such practices as he has re-
; ferred to, I shall not hesitate to vote with him.
But I cannot do so at present, especially as it is
most obvious that the object which he has in view
can be very easily accomplished by a very different
j process. If there be any such ground for suspi-
; cion as he seems to suppose, let him present an
amendment providing for the appointment of a
special agent to look into the matter and pay the
money, after proper scrutiny, either into the hands
of those who are primarily entitled to receive it,
i or upon their order, to any one whom they may
authorize to receive it.
' Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Missis-
sippi says that if I will say I have any knowledge
, of the practices of which I have spoken being car-
ried on, he will vote with me. I believe f said
before that I had no knowledge of the facts of this
individual case. The amendment was offered in
view of a general principle, which seemed to me
to bind us to a strict and honest compliance with
' the treaty.
The Senator intimates that there ar  highly re-
spectable and intelligent gentleman who have been
the attorneys of these Indians. I know nothing
of it. I intended to make no personal application
of my remarks whatever; but if he would ask me
the question generally in regard to my knowledge
of such matters in relation to other Indian tribes,
with whom treaties of a like character have been
made, I would say that I do know of these very
practices having been perpetrated, and that, too,
in the region of country which I have the honor
in part to represent. I know nothing of the par-
I ticular facts in this case; but as a lawyer, as a
i professional man, I say that it is an odious prac-
: tice in an attorney or lawyer, who is engaged to
j render his professional services, to be paid out of
| the results of his efforts.
I Mr. FOOTE. I know that the old common
law does not allow lawyers to have a fee of a
■ character absolutely contingent, and I believe that
the principles of sound practice are in conformity
with the legal rule. I have not been in the habit
of receiving such fees myself, but I am not
ashamed to confess that I have sometimes, in or-
der to avoid the operation of this rule, the influ-
ence of which, I doubt not, is in general more or
less salutary, demanded a limited amount in ad-
vance, and risked the remainder of the sum agreed
to be paid me for my services upon the result of
the suit. I see nothing dishonorable in this, or
violative of professional usage.
i I do not know what the facts of this case are at
all, but I know that very respectable gentlemen,
highly qualified la wyers, have for some years past,
been employed to attend to the prosecution of this
claim, and they will be deeply injured by the
adoption of this amendment; and I will say further
of these gentlemen, that the recompense which
they are to receive, according to the account which
I have had of the matter, will form only a just
recompense for services most industriously and
faithfully rendered by gentlemen wholly incapable
of fraud or of illicit practice of any kind. The
! honorable Senator from Wisconsin may be correct
in his statement of facts in reference to his own
! section of the Union. I have heard of such cases
, as he has described, several times before. But,
1 inasmuch as he is not prepared to dispute the
proposition that this case is probably an exception
to the general rule affirmed by him, I do not see
why he should object to the application of the
principle embodied in the maxim exceptie probat
regulam, and thus allow us the privilege of en-
forcing the rule by insisting upon the exception in
. the case under consideration.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Mississippi
has put one case. I remarked upon another. He
says he has before now, when pleading a cause,
taken a retainer, the remainder of the fee being
: contingent on the result of the cause. Let me ask
, him if, when that was the case, he ever asked a
• court to interpose between him and his client, in
order to enable him to get his pay ? That is what
is asked here.
Mr. FOOTE. I have not been in the habit of
1 asking courts to interfere between me and my cli-
, ents, because they have been in general so honest
i that I have seldom had to sue or complain of one.
But I must say, I have known attorneys of high
j respectability institute a motion for the enforce-
| ment of that lien which they are understood to
i have upon papers in the cause, in order to constrain
| an unwilling client to pay them a just recompense
for professional services rendered; and this pro-
ceeding is one equally justified by law, and by the
principle of equity and fair dealing between attor-
i ney and client.
i Mr. WALKER. I hope the Senator may al-
I ways be so lucky as to have such good clients. I
