506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. II,
terdav as information derived from the Second
Auditor.
Mr. EWIXG. The Second Auditor contra-
dicts it, and savs lie never gave the information.
\fr. TUflXEY. He does not contradict my
statement, but merely says that he has no recol-
lection of using the term "per capita."
Mr. EWING. If he did make any such state-
ment as that for which the Senator contends, it
would have been untrue. That is all I have to
sav.
The bill was then passed.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE LAWS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Rcsk, came up in its order:
Resolred, That the Secretary of the Senate be required
to procure for the use of the Senate four hundred copies of
tile acts of the last and each succeeding session of Con-
gress.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the resolution will be
adopted. At present we receive from the State
Department ail the copies of the acts of Congress
which we receive at all. The consequence is that
we have none on our desks, none to which we can
refer immediately, and very frequently they are
not to be found in the committee rooms. We
print other documents, but not this. These doc-
uments are important for our deliberations here.
Fewer of the a;ts of Congress, I believe, are pub-
lished for the use of the Senate, and fewer of
them are distributed amongst the people, than any
other document. The expense will not be consid-
erable, but its importance, k seems to me, must
suggest itself to the mind of every Senator.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. There are two
editions of the acts of Congres printed. I wish to
call the attention of the Senate to that fact. One
edition is printed at the close of the session, and it
is very badly executed. There is another edition
printed by order of the Senate that conforms to
the general issueof the Statutes by Little & Brown.
That edition has a good index, and it is one to
which we can refer with satisfaction. If we re-
quire copies for distribution, it would be better to
state what edition we are to have distributed.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot see what use wecan
have for four hundred copies of the acts of Congress
annually.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not think this
resolution ought to be adopted. The number of
copies proposed to be procured is too great if it is
for our own use, and not sufficient if these works
are intended for distribution. I think that there
will not be much use in distributing the laws of
the United States as a public document. I take
it that there are always a sufficient number of the
statutes to be had. I hope the resolution will not
be adopted, and I move to lay it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIGENT INSANE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being a bill making a grant of public lands to the
several States of the Union for the relief and sup-
port of indigent insane persons.
Mr. PEARCE. This bill was under consider-
ation at the close of the last session of Congress,
and I believe was before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. Various amendments were
offered and rejected, and an amendment to the
third section had I think been adopted. At that
stage of the bill its postponement was moved to
the second Monday of the present session. On
the second Monday of this session its further
postponement was moved, and it was made the
special order for an early day in January. It has
now come up for the first time this session. I do
not propose to delay the Senate with any discus-
sion of the bill at the present time. I nope the
amendments will be gone through with,ana then,
if the occasion requires it, I shall, before the vote
is taken, say what may seem necessary.
Mr. OWlN. 1 am entirely opposed to the
passage of this bill, but I do not wish to enter into
a discussion of it, as time is very precious. I
wish to have a test vote taken upon tne bill, and
therefore I move to lay it upon the table, and on
that motion F ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were:
YEAS—Messrs. Butler, Cans, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodge of Wiwonsin, Dodge of lotra, Doozlas, Felch,
Uwin, Hou-ton, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason, Eliett, Walk-
«r, Whitcomb, and Yuli —17.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger. Baldwin, Bell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Da-
vis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Downs, Ewing, Koote,
Greene, Hnmlin, Mangum, Miller, Norria, I'earce. Pratt,
Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith. SouU>, Spruance, Turney,
Underwood, I'pham, and Wales—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I voted against laying the bill
upon the table, although I am not now fully pre-
pared to vote for the bill. Its object in the main
is a benevolent one. It is certainly a subject en-
titled to consideration how far so large a portion
of the public domain should be placed under the
direction of a single individual.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator from Kentucky
will allow me, I will correct a misapprehension
under which he labors. He supposes the bill
places a large portion of the public domain under
the direction of an individual. In that he is mis-
taken. It appropriates ten millions of acres to be
distributed among the several States according to
the ratio which the bill prescribes. No individual
is to have the direction of it at all, but the control
is given to the States to whom it is apportioned.
Mr. CLAY. The fact is, I have not considered
this measure with all the attention which its mer-
its demand. I should like, I confess, a more
ample opportunity to consider and examine the
bill. I will not, however, ask that it shall be
postponed unless it is the general desire of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. PEARCE. The postponement of this bill
will certainly be fatal to it. I regret that the Sen-
ator has not had an Opportunity of examining the
provisions of the bill. But it must be remem-
bered that almost every provision—every one 1
1 believe which was or could be the subject of con-
' test—was considered and discussed at the last ses-
sion of Congress. The bill was postponed to this
session, and has been on the special orders ever
since. An ample opportunity has been afforded
to members of the Senate to consider it. The
Senator from Kentucky was absent, I believe, at
the time of the former discussion. I hope, there-
fore, it will not be postponed.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended at the last session. The amendment
was an addition to the third section of these
words:
" And that said lauds thus granted shall be sold within a
period of three years alter the selection lias been made."
The question was on concurring in this amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that there
ought to be an addition to that amendment, in or-
der to make the bill harmonious. A preceding
section of the bill provides that the lands shall not
be sold below the minimum price of the Govern-
ment lands, $1 25 per acre. If we adopt the
amendment, we provide that the lands shall be
sold within three years. If they cannot be sold at
fl 25 an acre within three years, what becomes of
them? They would revert, I suppose, to the
General Government. Some States under this
provision would be able to sell their lands, and
others would not. If there is to be a limitation of
the time when the lands shall be sold, it seems to
me there should be a provision in the bill that they
should be sold for the most they will bring. I
propose to amend the amendment by adding to it
the words: " At the highest price which can he
obtained therefor."
Mr. PEARCE. The operation of the Senator's
amendment would be contradictory to a provision
in the bill that the lands shall not be sold at a price
less than the minimum price of the Government
lands. The amendment of the Senator would pro-
vide that they shall be sold for what they will
bring. The Senator ought to specify a time at
which they should be sold for what they will bring. !
Mr. HAMLIN. Say, after two years. |
Mr. BERRIEN. The idea may be accomplished
by making it imperative to sell the lands for the
minimum price within three years, and after the
expiration of the three years for the highest price
that can be obtained.
Mr. BENTON. If we make this grant, we ex-
pect it is worth something, and not blank paper
for three years, or for any length of time whatso-
ever. We have it authentically communicated to
us by the Secretary of the Treasury that ninety-
fiye millions of acres will be required to satisfy the
warrants of soldiers in the late war; we know that
these military warrants are sold so low that the
United States do not expect to sell one acre of their j|
lands at $1 25 until these ninety-five millions of
acres are exhausted. The Secretary of the Treas-
uiy computes that it will take at the rate the public
lands have been heretofore sold sixteen years to
get rid of these ninety-five millions. Now, if you
put a condition here that these lands shall not be
sold at less than $1 25 per acre, you make a pro-
vision that they shall not be sold at nil, so long as
that continues in force. If we make a grant at
all, I am in favor of its being available at once,
and there should be no limitation on the amcunt
at which these lands should be sold, any more than
there is on the amount at which speculators are to
sell their warrants.
When we annexed the condition that lands
granted should not be sold for less than the price
at which the United States were selling lands, it
i was for the protection of the sales of the United
' States, because we were then in the market selling
j lands. But we are now out of the market; we
I cannot sell an acre, and shall not be in the market
for sixteen years. There is no reason in the world
! why we should put in this limitation, which is now
made above all limitation, so as to render nugatory
a grant which is for an eleemosynary, a benevo-
lent and universelly useful purpose, when we put
no such limitation upon the acts which grant so
; much of the public lands to soldiers of the late
; wars, which we all know pass immediately into
the hands of speculators, and as I am told at an
j average rate of about thirty-three and a third cents
per acre.
Mr. PEARCE. The suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Missouri seems to me to be exceedingly
proper. I was opposed to this proviso, which
was an amendment to the bill when it was first
offered. It was carried against the votes of those
gentlemen favorable to the bill. I think every one
must be satisfied that such a limitation on the grant
would render it nugatory, and deprive the bill of
the character of benevolence which it possesses.
I hope, therefore, the Senate, without amending
the proviso, will nonconcur in the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would concur in the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Maryland if the amend-
ment can be rejected by the Senate. But I desire
to put a limitation upon the amendment so as to
render it less objectionable, if it should be adopted.
I withdraw the amendment which I offered, and
propose to amend the amendment made in Com-
! mittee of the Whole, by adding at the end of it
the words "if practicable." Even if this amend-
ment be adopted, I shall vote against the amend-
ment which was made in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WALKER. This matter, so far, seems
to have attracted the attention of Senators as if thi*
fund, or this land which we are asked to appro-
1 priate, concerned only the Government of the
! United States and its Treasury. I have been ex-
| pec ting to hear some member from the new States
1 make a more general objection to this proposition,
to leave the price at which these lands may be
sold unlimited. Have the States, distinct from
the Government of the United States, and distinct
, from the interests which the Government nny
have, no interest in this matter? How many
States of this Union, I would ask, hare now school
lands, university lands, and lands for works of
public improvement, in all of which the State is
interested in getting the highest price she can, but
in regard to which the Government has thrown
embarrassments in the way of their obtaining any-
thing for them, if the argument of some Senators
be correct, by the immense number of land war-
rants that have been issued ?
And now it is proposed to bring in competition
with the school lands, with the university lands,
with the lands granted for the construction of pub-
lic works, ten millions of acres. Ten millions of
acres are to be thrown into the market without
any limitation upon their price. If we are'to be
asked for our votes for this bill, do not ask us to-
vote thus to cripple the most vital energies of the
States we represent. You do ask us to vote to
cripple these energies and interests, by asking us
to vote for this bill at all. But it is going too far,
it seems to me, when you ask us not only to per-
mit our sister States to step in and become the
owners of vast bodies of land within our limits,
but also to permit them to throw these lands into
the market in competition with our own, and, as
it would seem, with an invitation that they should
undersell us. It is the last thing that ought to be
