1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
aaked from those representing the new States. It
is a little unreasonable to ask us to vote for the
bill at all.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me,
I will correct an error of fact into which he has
fallen. The Senator is mistaken in supposing that
these lands will come in competition with the lands
of the States now in market. The lands proposed
to be appropriated are those now subject to pri-
vate entry which are already in the market. Hence
it does not increase the competition, and cannot
lower the price of the public lands, however much
that effect may be produced by the bounty land
law of the last session.
Mr. WALKER. Does the Senator attribute to
me, or would he presume against me, such an un-
qualified amount of ignorance as his language
would seem to impute ? I know very well these
lands are now subject to private entry; but are
they subject to be purchased at fifty cents or a fip-
penny-bit an acre ? No. The Government has a
price fixed on them, and below that they cannot
come into competition with our school lands, uni-
versity lands, and lands for public works. I am
not complaining of this competition with the sale
of our Stkte lands, if you will make it fair, and
put it on a fair basis. But now the Senator from
Maryland is making a compromise with the Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Hamliu: Oh, no!] or other
Senators, to bring these lands into competition with
ours, to leave the States to whom they are to be
granted to sell them at any price, and supplant us
entirely. This is the objection I have to this bill.
I did not intimate at all that lands at one dollar
and twenty-five cents an acre would be any more
m competition with us when in the hands of the
States than when in the hands of the General Gov-
ernment. But I object to suffering States to own
lands in other States at less than the price for
which the Government of the United States sells
those lands.
There are two classes of Senators, it would
seem to me, who should vote against this bill in
any form. One class is comprised of those repre-
senting the States in which the public lands are
situated. We have long been complaining. We
have long felt the burden of even the General Gov-
ernment being the owner of such an extensive
amount of lands within our limits. But here is a
bill by the first and second sections of which it is
proposed that there shall be another great land
proprietor within our borders. It is the other
States that are to be permitted to be the owners of
lands within our borders. Those States which
have no public lands within their limits are to be
Eermittea to become land proprietors within our
orders, and thus increase the embarrassment of
which we have heretofore complained; and those
States will either have a benefit to themselves
which will result to our injury, or what they sup-
pose will be a benefit, but which will result as an
injury. The benefit which they obtain, if it is not
to result to our injury, must leave us the privilege
of taxation, and, if we are left that privilege, what 1
they now suppose will be a benefit to them will,
in my opinion, result as an injury, and, so far
from this land going to the ends and purposes for
which the bill designs it, the States will have be-
come tax-payers one to the other, and in all proba-
bility the lands would be exhausted by the taxa-
tion which the States within which they lie will
impose upon them.
Another class of Senators who ought to vote
against this bill is that class who feel a disposition
to do justice to the other States, under a proper
consideration of State rights. There is no Senator
here who feels that a State ought to be sovereign
within itself, except in so far as it has given up
these powers by the Constitution, that can con-
sistently, it seems to me, entertain the idea that
another State may be a land proprietor within its
borders.
These are general considerations applicable to
the bill. I throw them out in order that they may
be taken up by other Senators, and with the sin-
cere hope that Senators similarly situated with
myself will come forward and express their views
on this matter with more force than I have been
able to do.
Mr. PEARCE. I trust I never " presume" at
all in the Senate. I know that I never impute " ig-
norance" to any Senator. If I thought any Sen-
ator were ignorant or presumptuous, I know too
well what is due to the decorum of the Senate, and
to the courtesy which should mark the deportment
of its members to each other/-to impute any such
thing. I am not even presumptuous enough to
attribute presumption to. anybody. But I appre-
hend that a member of the Senate may, without
any impropriety and without the least offence, ex-
press his belief that a gentleman labors under mis-
apprehension. I still think the Senator from Wis-
consin is under a misapprehension. These lands,
as I said before, are those which are subject to
private entry at the ordinary prices. The amend-
ment which was adopted in committee at the last
session does not vary that. The amendment of
the Senator from Maine, as I understand it, does
not vary it at all. It is just precisely the reverse
of what the Senator from Wisconsin has supposed.
He has therefore " presumed" that I was " igno-
rant" of the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
It was not I but he who has made this great mis-
take, and, if there has been any presumption, it is
not chargeable to me.
But I am still more surprised at the observation
of the Senator from Wisconsin that we are going
to do great injustice to States to whom large grants
have been made for purposes of education and in-
ternal improvements, by authorizing these lands
to be sold at very low prices. 1 am surprised that
such an objection should come from that Senator,
of all the members of this body, because, if I mis-
take not, he has brought forward a measure cal-
culated, above all others, to destroy the value of
the grants which Congress have made to the new
States. He has introduced a bill to give away the
lands to every landless man. Has not the Sen-
ator, by the introduction of that bill, done forty
thousandfold more to destroy the value of those
grants than this bill or any other bill of the kind
could possibly do ? I think so. But the Senator
is mistaken in a point of fact. The amendment
before the Senate does not propose to destroy the
value of these grants to the new States, by bring-
ing these lands into market at a rate below the
minimum price. I think this statement of facts
answers what the Senator has said.
Mr. DAWSON. It seems to me that when-
ever anything is said in relation to the public
lands, by which justice is to be done to every
section and every State in the Union, the Senator
from W isconsin [Mr. Wai.ker] especially consid-
ers himself the peculiar guardian of the rights of all
the States save the old States. What is this prop-
osition? It is one founded on philanthropy, and
founded in the kindliest feelings of the human
heart. Here is a class of people known as luna-
tics spread throughout the United States, who have
not the power even of going and becoming settlers
in any new country. They cannot gain the right
of preemption, or a right of location of six hun-
dred and forty acres of land, because they have
not the mind to do so; and when, for humane pur-
poses, a plan is proposed by which this unfortu-
nate class of our race shall be provided with the
comforts of life and that necessary protection that
shall save them from want or from injury, the
Senator rises up and says this charitable intent
upon your part is calculated to depreciate the value
of the public lands in the State I represent. That
is, you diminish the price by putting your lands
into market. The Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] has very justly responded to the Senator
from Wisconsin. Is it not for the interest of the
new States to increase their population ? And will
you not increase the population in proportion as
you diminish the price of the public lands? Have
not the new States been trying to do that for many
years? And the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin himself has even held out an inducement for
those who are foreign to our country to come and
settle upon our lands and take them for nothing!
Yet the poor dependent lunatic, who cannot ap-
preciate the advantages or gain any of these rights,
is forbidden by this principle even to receive the
benefit of a portion of those rights which natu-
rally belong to the rest of the people. Why, Mr.
President, when the subject is reflected upon, it
will be seen at once that the only opposition which
grows up against this matter is, that, peradven-
ture, the old States of this Union may receive a
proportion of the public lands, in order to relieve
them from making annual appropriations to sup-
port and maintain this unfortunate class of the
numan family. Where can there be an objection
to it? What feeling can give origin to the thought
in that light? Is it not Better tnu  to dispose of
your public land for the benefit of our unfortunate
people thus situated than to invite foreigners to
come over and take it, and leave this dependent
class to make the best way through the world that
they can? We cannot do a more charitable act
than that which is proposed by this bill. Thou-
sands of acres are appropriated in order to dimin-
ish the prices which it would cost to carry your
produce to market, in order that you may increase
your dividends at the end of the year. But when
the poor, unfortunate, dependent lunntic is men-
tioned, not an acre must be appropriated to relieve
him from distresses which the God of Nature
may have inflicted upon him. Think of it, and
do not bring here your ideas of competition about
diminishing the price or value of land in the State
of Wisconsin to bear against this feeling which
should overwhelm everything as a flood.
Why, Mr. President, every new State in the
Union has had appropriations to extend facilities,
and many of them appropriations of public lands
for the erection of those very institutions called
hospitals or lunatic asylums. And when we wish
to make the matter general, and give our country
a character for philanthropy throughout the world ,
by making an equal division of the lands among
the several States, I do hope the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, for whom Nature has done
so much, both outside and inside, will have some
respect for those who have been less fortunate, and
look down with feelings of kindness on those who
are destitute. I had thought and I had hoped that
a bill, founded on such principles as this, and the
motives actuating it being so pure, would scarcely-
meet with opposition.
Mr. WALKER. I wish, for an instant, to
notice a reply of the Senator from Maryland to>
myself. The Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
or some other Senator over this way—I think the
voice was that of the Senator from Maine—wished
to get rid of the limitation now in the bill, that the
lands shall not be sold at less than $ 1 25 per acre.
Mr. HAMLIN. My object was to get rid of
the positive provision in the amendment, that the
lands shall oe sold within three years; and my
amendment is only to add the words "if practica-
ble" to that proviso.
. Mr. WALKER. The argument certainly was,
and in some of the forms in which the proposition
was presented the object was, to get rid of the
$1 25 limitation. The reports of the debate, if
made correctly, will show that fact.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Maine sup-
posed that if the limitation ns to time remained in
the bill, it would be necessary to allow the lands
to be sold at a lower price than $1 25 per acre.
The objection to that was first suggested by the
Senator from Missouri, who thought that if this
grant was to be made beneficial it should not be
thus restricted. To that the friends of the bill
agreed. I said, myself, I hoped the Senate would
not concur in the amendment made in committee,
but that they would leave the bill unfettered by
limitation as to the time of selling the lands.
Mr. WALKER. It is that then to which my
remarks are applicable, so far as they have been
made. To the other reply of the Senator from
Maryland I wish to say a word. He says I am
the last one who should object to this proposition
on the score  f its reducing the price of lands; for,
he says, I have introduced a proposition which is
forty thousand times beyond this—alluding to my
proposition to cede the public lands for the pur-
pose of actual settlement. Now, it is singular that
a distinction cannot be seen between this proposi-
tion and such a one as mine. I have continually
argued, and shall still continue to argue, that the
proposition which I have offered, to cede the pub-
lic lands for purposes of actual settlement, will in-
crease the value of the lands held by individuals
and by States. And now I will give the reasons
for this. If we cede the lands for the purpose of
actual settlement, they will not pass into the hands
of individuals until they are to be actually settled
and occupied. And I hope I may be permitted to
use language upon this same subject which I have
heretofore used in answer to the same objection
from the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Felch.]
After noticing his objection, which was, that " the
measure would depreciate property now held by
States and individuals," I said:
" Why, sir, the very opposite would be its effect. In the
country, as in the city, it is not the price demanded or paid
I for one lot of land that iocrea*ea the value of that adjoining,
