508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
but the imprvremtnh mat* and the folium do*e upon it.
Take the laud owner in « spam settlement of Ibe West, and
could too do him a greater favor than to give the lands about
him to those who would settle and improve them—create a
necewity for and the means to support schools, roads, mills,
workshops, and villages■' Or, take the New York and
Boston band Company, wIwn lands stretch across the
State of Illinois, and could you benefit them more than by
settling the lands about them, and hemming in theirs with
lrnpmrud farm" ? The same may be said of the sbool and
other lauds of the States."
Anybody, it seems to me, will see that this will
increase the value of property owned by States
and individuals. But what is the difference be-
tween that proposition of mine and the one now
before us? Here is a proposition to vest the title
of a portion of the public lands within one State
in another State, to be held by that State at its own
price, at not less than a dollar and a quarter an
acre. As the bill stands, the State may sell to
whom it pleases on speculation, or in any quantity
it pleases, and not to be improved, so as to increase
the value of adjacent property, or to promote the
interests of the States where the lands are located.
By the policy which 1 propose the lands would be
settled and cultivated; but here is a distinction,
and I hope it may be drawn; and I hope, at least,
that those who represent the new States will see
the distinction, and that they will not concur in a
policy so suicidal, and which would seem to be an
infraction upon the best, and what ought to be the
dearest interests of those States.
The other view which I have presented was of
a State and political consideration. I believe it to
be bad policy for even the General Government to
be the owner ef public lands within the States.
And much worse would it be if one State should
be the proprietor of lands in another; for, if the
State within which the land was situated was not
allowed to tax it, great injustice would be done;
and if it were allowed to tax it, how would you
get at the collection of it, except by sale of the
land and divesting of the title of the other State?
If this were not done, there must be a conflict be-
tween States of some kind or other; and God for-
bid that there should be any more conflicts or
prospect of conflicts between the States. I trust
this bone of contention will not be thrown in
among them.
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose the first part of the
Senator's argument may be answered by a ques-
tion. How is the price of one body of land to be
raised by giving away another and a much larger
body of land? The Senator supposes that by
giving away lands to the landless tne price of the
lands will be raised. I suppose that when a man
can get land for nothing he is not very likely to
give any price for it. Probably no emotion of
patriotism—certainly no instinct of interests will ■
prompt him to buy what he may have for the ask-
ing. I do not see, therefore, how that idea of the
Senator can be realized, more especially as the
bounty land law is likely to cheapen the public
lands so much, and indent in a great measure to
stop their sale. He is mistaken too in the idea
that this bill proposes to make one State proprietor
of lands within the limits of another State. It is
provided that when a State has no suitable lands
within its own limits it may select lands within
the territories of the United States. That excludes
his conclusion.
Mr. WALKER. That was expressly disa-
vowed at the last session of Congress. If the de-
bates of the last session upon this bill be consult-
ed, it will be found that it was expressly disavowed
that the selection was to be confined to the Terri-
tories. I do not think, for one, that the phrase-
ology of the bill will admit the construction now
put upon it by the Senator from Maryland. The
Senator answers a portion of my argument by
asking a question. I will reply by asking another ,
question. Do you propose that the States to I
which you desire to give lands, within other >
States, if I am right in that, shall go and improve the
land, and produce wheat, pork, rice, tobacco, and
com, so as to improve the value of adjoining school
lands,university lands,and farm lands? No, sir.
No such thing is proposed. But it is proposed that
one State shall hold lands within the limits of
another, without regard to the interests of a State
within which the lands are situated. When we
give lands to an actual settler, he goes there,
ploughs the land, fences it in, builds nouses and
barns, raises the product*) I have mentioned, and
contributes to the general wealth by increasing
tlit value of the property, and thus yields a reve-
nue to the State and to the nation. There is the
difference between the policy here proposed and
the policy which I propose.
Mr. PEARCE. It is not proposed, to be sure,
that the States to whom the lands are granted
shall improve and occupy them. But the bill
makes it the duty of the States to offer the land
for sale immediately, and to sell them at the earliest
racticable day. That is the provision of the bill.
suppose those to whom they sell the lands will
go to work immediately and cultivate them.
Mr. BORLAND. As a representative of one
of the new States, I desire to say a word, partly
in response to the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, in regard to the duties of
representatives of new States in which there are
large bodies of the public lands. I am in favor of
this bill, and it seems to me that the reasons which
govern my judgment and opinion in regard to it
meet and answer all the objections which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin haa urged. He says his
object is, as the representative of a new State, to
bring the public lands into private hands, and into
cultivation, so that the States may become, in the
true and faithful meaning of the term, sovereigns
of the soil, with the right of taxing it and deriving
revenue from it. He also wishes to enhance the
value of other lands in the vicinity by bringing
them into cultivation and private possession.
Sir, it seems to me that this bill contributes to
this very end directly, materially, and most valua-
bly. It proposes to divest the United States of
all title to the land, and put it into the possession
of the States, but not, as the Senator from Wis-
consin seems to suppose, for the States to hold in
its present condition, unoccupied and uncultivated,
but with the express provision that it shall be
brought into private possession and cultivation.
That strikes me as the object and effect of the
bill.
The Senator speaks of the holding of these lands
by the States; of the holding it in dead hands, as
! he called it, and deriving a revenue from it. The
object of the bill is to raise a fund for a particular
purpose. How can that fund be raised unless the
land be sold and cultivated? Revenue cannot be
derived from dry land. It cannot be derived ex-
cept by selling the land and putting it in private
hands. We are then making a provision by which
the general improvement and prosperity of the
landholding States will be promoted,and by which
revenue wul be yielded to those States by enabling
them to tax the lands.
I think the Senator is mistaken in supposing
that this bill either requires or permits States in
which there are no public lands to select their quota
within the new States. If I understand the bill
correctly, it provides that the States which contain
no public lands shall select their lands within the
Territories in which the Indian title has been ex-
tinguished, and not within the States which now
contain a population. But, whether that be so or
not, it does not affect the main object of the bill
and the principle on which it rests. The great
object which I have in view,and which I presume
the representatives of all the States containing pub-
lic lands have in view, is at the earliest practicable
period to divest the United States of all title to these
lands, and put them in the possession of private
individuals, so that the States shall not only de-
rive revenue by taxation, but the general prosper-
ity of the State shall be promoted by increasing
the population and the agricultural and the other
productions of the country. I proceed upon the
general principle that the sooner the United States
is divested of all title in the public lands the better
for the Government and the better for the people
of the States. I hail the introduction of this l>ill,
and desire its passage, because I think it contrib-
utes very materially to the accomplishment of that
end.
The Senator from Wisconsin has made another
objection to the bill, which perhaps has some
foundation, and which I will propose to obviate
at the proper time, by offering an amendment to
the first section of the bill, limiting the size of the
tracts in which these lands shall be selected. The
bill at present is unlimited in that respect, and the
Senator's objection seems to me to have some
foundation, because I think it is bad policy to
allow lands to be entered in large bodies. I am in
favor of a subdivision, and I shall propose at the
proper time an amendment in the form of an ad-
ditional proviso to the first section:
" That the lands hereby granted shall be selected in tracts
I embracing not more than one section each."
I I think that will meet the objection ur^ed by the
; Senator, which is the only vaiid objection 1 have
■ heard against the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, ot Mississippi. I do not propose
! to enter into an argument founded upon a supposed
| rivalry between the new and the old States, and
as little to review the argument which has been
offered as to whether this measure will result ben-
eficially to the new States or not. The vote I
i shall give depends upon other considerations than
these. Nor will I answer the argument of the
j Senator from Georgia, in which he eloquently de-
j scribed the obligations of humanity and charity,
because I do not consider our Government as one-
founded for great eleemosynary purposes. We
have already been far diverted from the original ob-
ject of this Government; and from year to year we
are getting yet further from the purposes for which
it was ordained and established. This Govern-
ment was established as the agent of the States in
their foreign relations, and as an umpire between
the States in their relations one to another, not to
dispense charities to the indigent, nor to establish
workhouses or houses of correction for the vicious
within the States. These objects were all left to
the sovereign States in which they resided before
, the Union was formed. There they remain now.
! with other kindred duties and powers, save when
| they have been removed by that grasping usurpa-
: tion which the hand of the Federal Government
j has constantly stretched over the weaker power of
| the States. If we have the power to grant cliari-
j ties to one class of the community who may be
j suffering, why not to another? If to the lunatic,
I why not to the blind? If to the blind, why not
I to the deaf and dumb, and to the whole range of
| paupers whose provision is now confided to the
! communities to which they belong ?
i It is but a mere subterfuge to say that we do not
appropriate money, but grant lands for that pur-
1 pose. We have no more right to grant lands than
we have to grant money for the purpose. These
lands were surrendered to the Federal Govern-
ment as a common fund for common purposes of
all the States; and he who will refer to the histo-
ry of the original grant to the Federal Govern-
ment of the power to dispose of public lands be-
longing to the States, will find it was not for the
purpose of giving to this Government a fund from
which it should dispense charities to the indigent
or to be diverted to any other purpose than of
placing money in the Treasury. The grants made
to the States for the purposes within those States
should always have been limited to such cases as
those in which a proprietor might have made a
grant. In other words, they should never have
been given, save where the grant would benefit
United States through its Treasury. On some oc-
casions I have voted for such grants, but always
with that rule before me as a limitation.
I have heard, time and again, the argument that
1 the old States had an equal right with the new
States to the public lands. Who denies it? I do
not, for one. This public domain is the prop-
, erty of all the States. I would not rob the old
States in order to benefit the new States. Con-
gress should watch over the public domain as a
great proprietor, and now especially should recur
to the object and purpose of the grant by which
they became the proprietor.
Mr. President, this is an object which 1 know
appeals to the sympathies of every Senator, and I
may say of every citizen of the United States. The
sufferings of the indigent insane arrest the atten-
tion ana command the warmest sympathies of
every one. Too much credit cannot be given to
the lady at whose solicitation this bill was intro-
duced. But we should remember that we are here
under delegated powers, to dispense justice and
not to answer to our feelings. We are but
agents with limited powers, and bound to execute
those powers strictly according to the grant.
These are the considerations which will induce me
to vote against the bill. I look not at the question
whether the old States or the new States will be
benefited by it, nor whether any particular State
will gain or lose by the grant. But I oppose it on
the principles of the Constitution, which alone
gives us power to legislate.
Mr. BORLAND. I deem it proper to say a
few words in response to a position assumed by
the Senator from Mississippi. I claim to be as
