1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
50d
$iriri a roiistntt'tionist of the Constitution as that
Senator or any other. I agree with him fully in
the principle which he has laid down in
regard to the powers of this Government, and our
duties. Bi\t it seems to me that in laying down a
genera! principle, he has gone a little further in
its practical application than I think the facts of
the ease warrant. I believe the position that I
assumed just now as to the propriety of a grant
iike this, comes within the rule that he himself
lays down. I stated that the controlling motive
with me m votinc for bills like this, was to estab-
lish on a high anil sure footing, on a strong foun-
ilition, the rights and sovereignties of the States,
*iid remove as «oon as possible and as far as pos-
sible, the land of the Federal Power from within
the limits of the States. I agree with the Senator
that this Government is one exclusively of limited
delegated powers; that it has no powers which are
not conferred by the Constitution. And I agree
with him, too, that the course ofthis Government
has been onward, steadily and fearfully onward,
towards a concentration,"accumulation, and con-
solidation of power, which will, unless resisted
speedily, be destructi\ e not only of the sovereignty
of the States, but to the existence of this Govern-
ment. The great motive with me in voting for
this bill, and all such bills, is to take the means
and power out of the hands of the Federal Gov-
ernment which it ought never to hare, and never
to exercise, and give the proper power to the State.
A great motive with me in votm  for such a bill
is, that I consider the public land as constituting
in the hands of the General Government the means
of exercising undue power.
The possession of large bodies of lands within
the States cripples the States from the attainment
of their true positions as sovereigns over the whole
country which thev claim to how. It is a ruinous
power in the hands of the General Government,
which in my opinion they ought not to exercise
within the States.
I have understood all along that the strictest
constr tiers of the Constitution of the United States
held that this Government had the power, and that
it would be proper, to distribute the public lands
amon? the several States. That has been my un-
Jerstinding, though I may have been mistaken.
For one, I have always held that the Government
had the power and ought to exercise it, and ought
to exercise it for the very reasons and very con-
siderations the Senator from Mississippi has stated,
to check the onward course of Federal power and
to place the States at the earliest possible day upon
the strongest and surest foundation of State sov-
ereign: V-
Mr. t>AVIS, of Mississippi. My friend from
Arkansas asree ? with me in the general principles,
but he thinks this bill comes within the rule by
which we are b- .tli governed. He thinks this is a
case in which a grant of land will result to the
benefit of the proprietor; but I always mean the
palpable, the direct, not the doubtful and remote
benefit: such benefit as an individual would recog-
nize in his own case. I would ask my friend
from Arkansas, how he expects that the establish-
ment and endowment of a lunatic asylum in Con-
necticut can benefit the Treasury or increase the
value of lands 111 Arkansas? If he cannot show
ihat, then he cannot bring the case within tberule,
because the rule requires that the land shall be
granted for a purpose which would enhance the
value of contiguous lands and result in benefit to
the Treasury.
But the Senator says it is his purpose to direst
the United States of their territory withiu the
States in order that the States may be actually
sovereign over the domain within them. Very
good. It may be a proper object, but it is not to
be obtained thus, with any propriety, in my opin-
.on. We lately had among us one whose wisdom
was only equalled by the elevation and purity of
hit character, on whose mind experience, ana in-
tensity of feelin* and of thought, had shed more
of prophetic light than I have ever found in any
other individual. He once adorned this Senate
and occupied this seat. [Pointing to the seat oc-
cupied by the late Mr. Calhoun.] He was known
as the very embodiment of the doctrine of strict
construction of the Constitution. He never could
have proposed to distribute the lands among the
States. He did propose, however, to make the
States agents for the sale of the public lands, by
surrendering the public lands t® them and requiring
them to pay a certain percentage of the net pro-
ceeds into the Treasury of the United States. One
of the Objects which he had in view was to remove
all possibility of a collision between the Federal
Government and the States, growing out of this
tenure of the domain, and which he thought likely
at some future day might produce collision be-
tween the Federal Government and the States.
At the time that proposition was presented I be-
lieved it the soundest ever made in relation to our
public lands. 1 would be glad to see it adopted
now. I would be glad to see all the public lands
turned over to the States in which they lie, those
States being under obligations to dispose of them
according to the rules and regulations laid down
by the United States, and to pay into the Treas- ;
ury a certain percentage of the net proceeds.
That is a very different proposition, I think, from
the one referred to by the Senator for the distribu-
tion of the land among the States.
I recollect very well, though it has been many
years since, that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clat] claimed that the public lands of the United
States should be held as a sacred fund given for a
special purpose, that it should be husbanded and not
squandered like the profligate who would squander
his patrimony before it had yet come into his pos-
. session. It is a question how much we can reserve;
whether we shall not observe the principles which
have heretofore governed us, or whether we shall
by this precedent boldly abandon them. We have
other propositions before the Senate, and if they
be adopted, there will be nothing of this great pat-
rimony left to the Federal Government—one of
them being a proposition to make the immense
number of land warrants which we have granted
assignable. This will throw the whole body of
the lands thus granted into the market at once,
suspend the sales of the United States, and keep
the land officers engaged in the issuing of land cer-
tificates in exchange for bounty warrants. I refer
to it, though not connected with this subject, as
one of the many instances in which we are hast-
ening on to squander our patrimony, the public
lands. I do not think that this is a bill which
comes within the rule of conduct by which the
Senator says he and 1, as strict constructionists of
the Constitution, should be governed.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, after the free,
and I may say the lavish appropriations of public
lands during a lone series of years, it seems to
me to be almost too late to inquire into the consti-
tutional power of Congress over them. If there
is any force to be given to precedents, we can ap-
peal almost with unlimited confidence to the pre-
cedents which the history of the last thirty or forty
years furnish us. Not only has Congress not
confined its appropriation of the public lands to
those objects which were supposed to be of great
national importance, but they have bestowed them
upon States—new States and old States—for a va-
riety of purposes other than those which some
gentlemen think constitutional. It may not be
amiss for me to mention some occasions on which
these grants were made.
Besides the five hundred thousand acres which
were granted to each State by the act of 1841, and
numerous grants before and since for purposes of
internal improvement within the limits of the States
within which the lands lie, we have at different
time* made grants of public lands for a great vari-
ety of purposes, some of them purely eleemosy-
nary in their character. We have given lands in
Illinois for the grading and paving of the river
bank at Shawneetown. We nave given lands in
Tuscarawas county, Ohio, for the purpose of im-
proving streets and alleys. We gave lands thirty-
eight years ago, I think, to the sufferers by the
earthquake in Missouri, commonly known as the
New Madrid grants. In 1819 we gave a town-
ship of land to Connecticut to support a deaf and
dumb asylum. In 1826 we made an appropriation
of the same sort for a similar institution in Ken-
tucky.
These were partial grants. But this bill pro-
poses no partial grants. Its benefits are as wide
as the misery which it proposes to relieve. The
apportionment is to be equal among the States,
at least as fair and equitable as it can be made by
any general rule. The grant is general. It is not
limited to local objects, nor confined to the limits
of a single State. The benefits of the bill are as
wide as the Union, and are such as Congress has
repeatedly sanctioned. After all this course of pre-
cedents, I shall not inquire into the constitutional
authority, particularly since, by the great act
which we passed at the last session, we have made
the public lands of no value at all to the Treasury
of the United States. We have applied our great
national domain to purposes just as purely elee-
mosynary as that intended by this bill. We have
given to soldiers who haveserved since 1790bounty-
lands which we were under no obligation of con-
tract to give for the services which they rendered
many years since, and when a majority of those
who rendered those services had long been in their
graves. This was a pure bounty. I do not mean
to attack the motives of those who voted for that
bill,but I do say that it was an appropriation from
the public domain which is as remote from those
objects which some gentlemen now contend are in-
separable from great national purposes as any-
thing which can be imagined, and that it can be
sanctioned by no constitutional authority which
does not equally justify this bill. The individuals
who derived benefit from that bounty land act had
no claim upon the Government other than that
which the Government inits spontaneous liberality
chose to confirm. By that bill we have given away
the public lands to the amount of over a hundred
millions of acres. Is it for those who hare done
that to say that our hands are now tied ? When
there has been no limit to these donations of pub-
lic lands but our own sense of liberality, is it for
ns on this occasion to oppose the passage of a
bounty to that class who,above all others, are en-
titled to our commiseration—who,besides the most
deplorable physical sufferings, in the midst of des-
titution the most absolute and unrelieved, are ex-
i posed to privations far greater than those which
the most nopeless pauper endures, many of them
starved, frozen, chained, whipped, immured in
I worse than the felon's cell, cut off from all human
sympathies, and deprived by an inscrutable Prov-
idence of that reason which alone elevates us above
the brutes? There are twenty-five thousand of
these miserable and destitute beings in the United
States. But, sir, I shall make no oration on the
subject, though if one sought a theme for declama-
tion I know none so touching. My friend from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] has said perhaps all that
was necessary in this way. But I contend that,
after all these examples in which we have departed
1 from what some gentlemen consider the legitimate
authority of Congress orer the public lands, it is too
late for us now to say our hands are tied by con-
stitutional considerations. The grants of the pub-
lic lands to the different States of this Union before
the passage of the act of last session, and indeed
before the numerous donations made during the
last and present Congress, amounted to twenty
; millions of acres for educational and benevolent
, purposes, and for objects of internal improvements
upon a large and upon a limited scale. And now
1 I do not intend that my hands shall be tied. If I
had any doubts I would yield to the force of pre-
cedents, sanctioned by nearly half a century's
practice, and which have so recently as the last
session obtained the approbation of the Congress
of the United States in so decided a form.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the argument
of the Senator from Maryland is to obtain, it fol-
lows that the Constitution has been repealed so far
as the public lands are concerned, and that we in
the disposal of them are turned loose without any
restriction or limitation to the full indulgence of
our sympathies and liberalities. He says he will
be no longer fettered by these restraints. I am
still bound by them, and if I had broken them nine-
ty-nine times I would yetforbearthe hundredth.
As to the grants that have been made to the new
States for educational purposes, the Senator for-
gets that these grants were made for a considera-
tion. That those States surrendered the right to
tax the domain while it belonged to the United
States and for five years after its sale. These are
the considerations that entitle the new States to
the grants which hare been made for educational
purposes, and a percentage on the sales made
witnin their limits. It is not a bounty by any
means. It is a contract, and a very hard contract
to the new States, by which they lose much more
than they get.
There have been some grants made for strictly
eleemosynary purposes. The Senator mentioned
two. I beliere there hare been three. In each
case, howerer, I hold that we hare departed from
the grant of power under which we act. Because
