1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
Ample time has been given for its consideration, and
I thmk every one, at least with few exceptions,
has considered it with care. Our mind" are made
up, and those who are disposed to vote against the 1
bill now will do so. The donation is a beneficent
and important one, and violates no principle of the
Constitution. At any rate, it is well-founded in
numerous precedents, and under these circumstan-
ces L hope discussion will not be persevered in.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move that the Senate
non-concur in the amendment made at the end of
the third section:
"That the said lands thus granted shall be sold within the ,
period of three years after the selection has been made, if
practicable."
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire merely to state that ;
the original bill contains this proviso:
" And it shall be tile duty of the States to offer said lands 1
for sale immediately, and to complete the same at the ear- :
liest practicable day."
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment, and it was not concurred in.
Mr. CHASE. For the purpose of making the
bill certainly express the intent which is attributed
to it by the honorable Senator from Maryland, I j
beg leave to offer an amendment, to come in at the j
eighth line of the second section, after the word
" States," by inserting the words " and not with-
in the limits of any State." As it now stands it ;
is open to controversy whether the location of the
land must be made within a State or not. For ;;
the purpose of excluding all controversy and ma- 11
king that certain which perhaps may be doubtful, !i
I offer that amendment. If the amendment pre-
vail, it will read—
" That the land aforesaid, after being surveyed, shall be
apportioned to the several States, in sections, or subdivis-
ions of sections, and whenever there are lands of a suitable
quality in a State, the quantity to which said ^tate shall be
entitled shall be selected from such lands, and the quantity
apportioned to any State in which there are no such lands,
shall be located in the territory belonging to the United
States, and not within the limits of any State."
Mr. WALKER. I hope the amendment may
be adopted. I had drawn up one, and had it in
my hands, in the exact words of the amendment
now proposed. And as the Senator from Mary-
land has already assured us that it is the intention
of the bill to carry out this principle, this will
only make clear what he assures us is now the
meaning of the bill.
Mr. FOOTE. As one of the friends of this
measure I venture to say that I am decidedly in
favor of the amendment. It cannot, in my opin-
ion, do the least possible injury to the bill, and
may do great good.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment which
I desire to have come in at the close of the first
section:
Provided, further j That the lands hereby granted shall'in
no case be granted in tracts embracing more than one sec-
tion each.
I will say only a word. The object of the
amendment is to carry out the view which I sug-
gested when I addressed the Senate a short time
since. It meets an objection which many persons
may have to the bill, tuat this land will be selected
in large quantities, bought up by speculators, and
kept out of the market for a great length of time,
to the injury of the community where the land
is located. W e know that in the new States great
injury has resulted from this practice in many in-
stances. The land has been bought up by thou-
sands of acres by speculators, and they have
fixed a price upon it which prevents its sale, and
the country remains unsettled as a consequence.
It becomes necessary now, in making roads there,
to make those roads through these large tracts,
and the lands are thus greatly enhanced in value
while the owners will not pay one cent towards
the making of the roads. They hold their land
from sale until the population increases, and then
sell it at a large profit. My own State has suffered
severely from this cause. ;
Mr. EWING. I do not think there is any
danger that under this bill large tracts will be : 1iope the Senate will indulge me in taking it up.
bought up by speculators. There is danger that j The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not aware,
the land which go into the hands of officers and j perhaps, that it will not have the effect to give it
soldiers will be bought up by speculators, because precedence even then. It will be placed behind
the sales of that land may be below the minimum !- those which have been made special orders before,
price of the public lands. But there is no danger [ Mr. BERRIEN. Then I give notice that to-
from this bill in that respect. This land is re- j morrow morning I will move to postpone all prior
quired to be sold at a price as high as the minimum j special orders, for the purpose of taking up that
price of the public lands. Speculators will not
buy it any more than they will buy the public
lands. There is no reason for the provision, and
it will be simply an embarrassment to the States
which are to locate the land and have the manage-
ment of it.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say in reply to
the Senator from Ohio that if his view be correct
no evil can result from the amendment. If the
evil is likely to result the amendment will prevent
it, and if it is not likely to result the amendment
can do no harm in any way.
Mr. EWING. The difficulty is that it applies
to the States in such a manner that they cannot
make the locations as they may desire. For in-
stance, they may wish to locate one section which
lies adjacent to or corners upon another which
they have already located, and if this amendment
prevails they cannot do it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not adopted.
Mr. WALKER. I move to strike out of the
fourth line of the second section of the bill the
words " suitable quality," and insert the words
"suffi cient quantity."
I will read it as it stands:
"That the land aforesaid, after being surveyed, shall be
apportioned to the several States in sections or subdivisions
of sections; and whenever there are lands of a suitable
quality in a State, the quantity to which said State shall be
entitled shall be selected from such lauds."
If amended, it will read, " whenever there are
lands of sufficient quantity in a State, the quantity
to which said State shall be entitled,"&c. It now
leaves the matter indefinite, so that if the quality
of land in a State does not suit, they can go be-
yond the limits of that State.
Mr. EWING. That amendment will operate
unjustly toward States that have but four or five
hundred thousand acres of land, and that refuse
land. I think the bill is right as it is, and that the
amendment should not be made.
Mr. WALKER. It may be fair, and just, as
it is in the estimation of the Senator from Ohio,
but it occurs to me that while it is fair and right
in his view, it may not be so in the view of others,
and it is a duty we owe to those whom we repre-
sent to look to their interests in this matter. There
is but little public land in the State of Ohio, and
that of the refuse kind, but there is in the little
State that I represent in part, land of the most es-
timable quality, and if, in consequence of the ex-
cellence of these lands, those States which are
interested in this bill are to rush in upon our lands
and locate their lands there, it will be doing us ex-
treme injustice.
Mr. EWING. The Senator forgets that one
State cannot go into another to locate lands. Ohio
cannot go into Wisconsin, and the difficulty he
suggests does not exist at all.
Mr. WALKER. Was the amendment adopted
which prevents going into the States ?
The PRESIDENT. It was.
Mr. WALKER. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
FEES OF OFFICERS.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I desire to say
to the Senate that the bill to regulate the fees of
district attorneys, marshals, and other persons
connected with the administration of justice, was
made the special order of the day for Monday, but
it not having been returned from the printers, I
was unable to ask the Senate to consider it. I ask
that it may betaken up, for the purpose of making
it the special order for to-morrow. I move to post-
Fone the previous orders simply for that purpose,
beg to be permitted to say that that bill is one of
great importance, not merely to the officers whose
fees are to be regulated, but to the Government,
with a view to reducing the expenses under the
judicial department. Under these circumstances I
bill, and I hope we shall proceed to its considera-
tion.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 12, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday was read.
Mr. GOODENOW rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He believed that in reference to Mr. Van
Dyke's motion to lay the bill proposing a Board
of Accounts on the table, his vote was not record-
ed. He voted in the negative, and asked that the
Journal of the House might be so corrected.
The SPEAKER stated, that as it would not af-
fect the result, the Journal would be so corrected.
The Journal of yesterday was then approved.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Means the deficiency bill, in order that
it might be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, objected; and
the report was not received.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the call of the committees for re-
ports.
INDEMNITY TO THE PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. McWILLIE said: I rise to a privileged
question. I am instructed by the Committee on
Printing to make a report on the memorial of
Thomas Ritchie in reference to the public print-
ing, asking for a settlement of his accounts for the
printing of the present Congress, at a reduction of
50 per cent, from the prices of 1819. I submit
the report and ask that it may be read.
Mr. BURT said: I rise to a point of order. I
submit that a report on the memorial of a private
individual is not a matter of privilege; the Com-
mittee on Printing have not a right to submit the
report as a privileged motion, over the reports of
other committees of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order made by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. The rules of the House authorize the Com-
mittee on Printing, without restriction, to report
at any time. The Chair will state that this ques-
tion was raised during the last Congress, and was
overruled by the presiding officer of the House
at that time.
Mr. BURT. I would ask the Chair to state
what that report was. If there is no precedent,
I certainly shall appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The case alluded to by the
Chair was not a report on the memorial of a pri-
vate individual in relation to the public printing.
The Chair now recollects that the question of or-
der was raised on an application on the part of the
committee to appoint a clerk during the recess of
Congress, or some such matter as that. The de-
cision of the Chair is placed upon the ground that
the rules of the House authorize the Committee
on Printing to report at any time, without any re-
striction as to the subject-matter, further than that
it shall be a legitimate matter before them for their
consideration. The Chair, therefore, rules this
report to be in order under the rules of the House.
Mr. BURT. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and I ask that the report be read, that the
House may see whether it relates to a matter of
public business or to the relief of a private indi-
vidual.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I desire, with
the permission of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, to call the attention of the Chair to the fact,
that a similar resolution was reported from the
Committee on Printing at the last session of Con-
gress, and received as a privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McWillie] rises
and proposes to make a report from the Committee
on Public Printing, of a joint resolution for the re-
lief of Thomas Ritchie on the subject of the public
printing, the report being founded, as stated by the
gentleman from Mississippi, on a memorial from the
public printer. Thegentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Bcrt] submits, as a point of order, that under
the rules of the House the gentleman from Missis-
sippi is not entitled to make this report as & privi-
