THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERM? $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
Jin COKOUISI 2  SESSION.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1861.
New Sbbhh.... No. 33.
reason that I had no other committee duty to per-
form, the standing committees of which 1 was a
member never having been called together during
  session of ten months. My sympathies ana
feelings were enlisted for Mr. Ritchie when the, in-
vestigation commenced. I cherished the hope most
ardently that he would go through with it and sus-
tain himself, thereby enabling his party friends to
sustain him, especially when I learned that he con-
sidered the investigation an imputation upon him.
But, sir, as that investigation progressed, I saw,
with regret, one [dank after another removed, by
the testimony of credible witnesses, ujitil there was
not a splinter or spar left upon which he or his
friends could safely stand. Fidelity to the country
and my own conscience demanded that I should
disclose the corruption which the evidence proved
to exist, especially as his particular friends upon
pec ted that jnoney could be made out of the con-
tracts ? replied, that " he would not take 490,000
for the contracts." { Woodward inferred from "the
conversation, that it was expected that Congress
would relieve the contractors.
Mr. Speaker, this brings me now to consider
the report submitted by the Committee on Point-
ing. I have very great respect for my friend, [Mr.
McWiilie,] the chairman oif that committee, as
well as the other members, and would defer most
respectfully to his opinion upon a question with
which he is familiar. He has, however, not taken
any testimony as to the actual loss sustained by
the printers to Congress, having of necessity to
depend alone upon the exaggerated anticipation of
loss which the contractors nave so industriously
circulated through every aisle in this Hall. Be-
sides, no member of that committee is a practical
prosperity of society demand it, and every good
Government provides the necessary laws for en-
forcing the performance of contracts.
Your liberality is appealed to by Mr. Ritchie, tp
relieve him from what he is pleased to term ruinous
losses. There would be some equity in the appli-
cation if be would make a faithful exhibit of his
profits on work heretofore executed, and after dis-
counting them against the losses of the present
contract, ask compensation for the balance. It has
been said, and never authoritatively denied, that
"Ritchie & Heiss realized a net profit of more than
$100,000 on the printing of the Twenty-ninth Con-
gress. With what justice can he now ask to be
paid losses on the printing of the Thirty-first Con-
gress, without tendering to the Government a por-
, tion at least of the enormous profits heretofore
realized ? There is just as gTeat propriety in Con-
gress, one of the contracting parties, demanding
! that Mr. Ritchie should disgorge apart of his for-
mer profits, far beyond the legitimate earnings of
this floor denied the committee the privilege of printer, nor has either of them been heretofore
bringing it before the House previous to action connected with the printing business. Their brief
upon his claim. So much, then, Mr. Speaker, for service on that committee is the only schooling
jay " hostility" to Mr. Ritchie. I they have ever had; and I submit, the course is i the labor and capital employed, as that Mr.Ritchie,
Instead of dealing harshly with Mr. Ritchie at | not as extensive as the one which the special com- f' .the other one of the contracting parties, should
the last session, I will demonstrate all the material , mittee have taken. I cannot,, therefore, give my '; demand compensation for losses sustained in a sec-
facts then stated, together with others, which will ; assent to their report, and will now proceed to ! ond contract. If Congress tin wittingly paid exor-
1WI Y\ A ♦ I* A LJ A ■ ■ ■ _ 1    ■ f _ ___ * * " ■ V * . ■ • JV •   m A ivr — _
convince the House that my feelings then were give my reasons for opposing it
tempered much more with roercy to him, than jus- The bill proposes to pay the contractors for all
tice to the country. He has found time to prepare the printing of the Thirty-first Congress executed,
a pamphlet of seventy-six pages, which each mem- ; and to be executed, the prices of the joint resolu-
ber has received, hut has had no time, or perhaps j tion of 1819, deducting fifty per cent, therefrom.
J«ss inclination, to furnish the House with a sum- ! j How many members here "know anything of the
mary of the work actually executed, with the cost Ij prices of 1819? Does any member give a vote
of labor and materials. If he had devoted himself i \ satisfactory even to himself, which annuls a con-
to making an exposition of his losses, specifically, i; tract voluntarily entered into by the Government
lie would have understood much better their ex- !' and the contractors, and substitutes in lieu thereof
tent, and this House could have acted with much a scale of prices which they do not understand,
more judgment in voting him relief, for then mem- adopted more than thirty years ago ? What if
bera could have known what his losses were, and one of your constituents should solicit an expla-
how much he was entitled to receive to make him nation of your vote, could you give him informa-
T ' u ^erea member on this floor who has tion.' Suppose the interrogatory is propounded to
data which will justify him in fixing the amount
at $1,000 or $50,000 ? The special committee have
more knowledge on the subject than any other
ajuigle member, and I am very sure that some of that
committee de not estimate his losses very heavy.
If he retains the unconscionable charge of $12,500
you: flow much did you give Mr. Ritchie to
make up his losses? No member on this floor
can answer the question. You do not appropriate
money to carry on any of the Departments of the
Government until the proper officer submits esti-
mates which inform you the amount demanded
for printing ten thousand copies of the opinions of in figures, and the objects and purposes for which
the judges, a pamphlet of one hundred and eighty
pages; is tolerated ip charging for double composi-
tion of the same document, " ordered at the .same
time by the Senate and House;" if no deduction
is made by Congress for inferior paper used in
violation of the letter of his contract, whereby he
it is to be expended. But you are to depart from
this wholesome practice; annul a solemn bonded
contract made by parties who were able and will-
ing to contract, and who actually did contract
fairly—neither party being overreached or de-
ceived, every stipulauon plainly set forth in printed
«*ves f^QiOOO; and he realizes a net profit of $6,000 t! proposals; without a figure or fact showing a ne-
on bindingtheextra documents,as he surel y wil I,— j ceasity for abrogating the contract; no evidence of
then I have no hesitation in giving it as my opinion, loss to one of the contracting parties but broad
that he will lose nothing, if his business has been . assertion, ,and set up in its stead a compen-
conducted with ordinary prudence. If Mr. Ritchie 1 sation you do not understand, and vote away the
hall kia ~ .a . —  * ! _. I* • * • •
bad fulfilled his contract in strict conformity to its
specifications, and made no charges other than
those authorized by it, bis loss would have been
about $40,000. By departing from the contract in
so many essential particulars he saves $40,000,
and secures himself from general loss on the work.
I gave an intimation to this effect at the last session;
and the fact of Mr. Ritchie's declining or neglecting
to state his accounts, and show hisTasses item by
item, (and he is the only person who could make
bitant prices for its work for the Twenty-ninth
Congress, and afterwards adopted a different sys-
tem of letting it, by receiving sealed proposals
from all the world, and the contractor finds the job
less profitable than the previous one, is that a rea-
son why he should be relieved ? Surely not.
But what do you propose shall be the douceur
jgiven to the contractors by this bill? The answer
} tnust, in a great measure, be merely conjectural,
j My own opinion, founded upon the closest inves-
1 ligation I have been able to give the subject, is, that
the passage of the biH now on your table will en-
able the contractors to realize a net profit of at
least $25,000, and perhaps it may reach $35,000.
The net profit on the Patent Office'report alone,
under this bill which you are asked to pass, will
lie #58,949 48. The actual cost to the contractor,
including labor and materials, is $32,760 42. The
amount which he wiH receive, deducting the fifty
per cent, from the prices fixed by the joint resolu-
tion of 1819, will be $91,t09 91, giving him the
net profit before stated. If he is paid according to
contract prices, he will receive for the same woi*k
$38,242 02—his profit at the existing contract
prices being $5,481 60.
The House will perceive the effect of changing
the compensation from the contract to the prices
of 1819 on this document. The profits are equally
great in proportion for all such documents, as large
editions have been ordered by Congress. For ex-
ample: the President's message ana accompanying
dotuments, where fifteen thousand extra copies
were ordered; the California message, &c.; and it
money* of your constituents with no conception j is these large editions which Bwell so much the
of the amount, especially when the opening of j printer's account. It is due to candor that I should
the bids for the printing of the next (the Twenty- [ j say that when the edition is small, only embracing
second) Congress on Saturday, the 8th instant, , what is termed the regular number, (about two
discloses the remarkable fact that a responsible ;: thousand five hundred copies,) the compensation
man offers to do the work embraced in Belt's (! of the printer is not so great in proportion under
class, No. 5, at even a Uss price than he is now j! the resolution of 1819 as for the long numbers. It
paid; and it is understood that two responsible ; is the press-work which runs up so enormously
bidders have offered proposals less than is paid j! the cost of a large edition. For example: two
for the other classes under the existing contract. ' ] thousand five hundred copies of a document worth
such an exhibit, no other haying access to his ' Is the House prepared for such blind and unpre- 1 but *2,500, requires as much labor ih composition.
books and accounts,) confirms me in the impres- ' «  ^   , _r ■ -•
sion, that his losses are trifling if anything, and
that he will be much more likely to succeed in
passing his relief bill by relying upon a general
declaration of losses, whereby he can excite the
tender compassion of the " liberal and magnani-
mous, rather than to resort to that antiquated and
cedented legislation? Are you determined to be
! liberal and generous to these contractors, and un-
faithful ana forgetful of your constituents? Let j
me conjure gentlemen, if they desire to become '
distinguished for their liberality, to draw their j
drafts on their own resources. That will give
them the most feeling appreciation of the virtue
proof-reading, &c., as ten thousand copies for
which the printer would receive $10,000; and the
only additional expense incurred in finishing off
the seven thousand five hundred additional copies
would be the paper, presswork, and folding. But
the question may be propounded, why the prices
of 1819 for presswork are so unreasonable now?
I J * . . , u * (U \ IfUV'M •♦•V J 1 ] V  <#. V -A ^ w v WV Ulll VUQVIIUV1U I1U VV •
.cruaimode 01 obtaining relief, by making a fair they would aspire to; but as agents, let them spare ;! The inventions for facilitating the press-work have
exhibit of actual losses, and then let the measure ' j the funds of their principals in building up for 11—    •' 5 '
of relief equal the loss.. It seems no w, that a Gov- | themselves an ostentatious and hollow liberality.
erniMnt contractor evinces the utmost verdancy in j I As individuals you may venture on liberality, but
merely demanding a restitution of his losses by a , as trustees of the funds of others it is your duty
hard r/ntnipj' th> nmnui,. >1. 1 ■ ' ' .... . - - - -
hard contract; the progress of the age writes him
down a fool if he. fails to make a fortune out of a ,
losing bargain with the Government. For one of
these contractors, after a full knowledge that the
work was taken very low, said to K. Woodward, !
upon being interrogated by the latter how he ex- (j
33
to be just. If to insist upon the fulfillment of a
fair contract makes one a "Shylock," then, sir, 1
the laws of every civilized country are framed to !
make all its subjects "Shylocks." Our courts
are occupied almost constantly while in session in i
enforcing; contracts. The peace, happiness, and |
been most extraordinary since then, and 1 am not
sure that the labor saving in that department of
the arts is not greater than in all others. A steam-
engine will drive almost any number of presses.
In the Union office there are six presses, which
require the services of twenty-two boys and four
men—in all twenty-six. They will dispatch aa
much printing in the same time as seventy-eight
greases and ope hundred and fifty-six men would
ave done in 1819. Now, sir, can the prices of
