514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
that day be the proper baaia of compensation for
the present printers to Congress? If we were de-
sirous of making a contract for any purpose, would
•we have reference to existing price*, or to those
that ruled thirty years ago ? I apprehend, sir,
that the reason why these antiquated prices are
pressed with so muich pertinacity upon us is, that
the printer expects to lme his pockets with Gov-
ernment gold,upon the reasonable assumption that
this House is ignorant of the magnificent liberal-
ity it is to bestow by passing the bill. An insu-
perable objection, then, Mr. Speaker, to this bill
is that Congress, in annulling a fair contract,
adopts a tariff of charges entirely antiquated, inap-
propriate to the time, and that it doea^ not know
whether the douceur is one or one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
It has been said that the census printing was
taken from the contractors, out of which they ex-
pected to make up all losses. Now, sir, 1 reiterate
the assertion, that that printing could not have
been considered as belonging ex officio to the pub-
lic printer, and I will apply two tests which will ;
show that the present contractors themselves
could not have reasonably anticipated it. Suppose
the printing had been let, a class each, to five con-
tractors, as it might well have happened, when
the contract was given to the lowest bidder, who
would have been entitled to the census printing as
public printer? The contractor of class No. 1 i
would nave been as much entitled to it aa No. 2,
and No. 3 have had equal claims with either,
and so on. The proposals required separate bids
on each of the five classes, and the lowest bid-
der on each to be the contractor of that class.
Now, with what reason could the present con-
tractors anticipate, with so much confidence as
greatly to reduce their bids, that they would get all
the contracts, and thereby become ex officio the
census printers ? No human foresight could have
anticipated the result of the opening of the various
bids, (and be it remembered, there was a number
of bidders on each class,) unless they played with
" stocked cards." The sequel showed that such
& visionary and hap-hazard calculation, if indeed
the census printing was ever thought of by them
in framing the bids, was most readily frustrated.
They did not get all the classes—one class was as- j
signed to John T. Towers, who has promptly and
faithfully executed his contract. Is he not the
public printer as well as these contractors ? And
if the census printing bdo lgs ex officio to the pub-
lic printer, is not Mr. lowers as justly entitled to
claim it as Mr. Ritchie ? What rule of justice or
fairness would give Mr. Ritchie the census print-
ing as public printer in preference to Towers?
The latter has entered into bond to execute all the
printing in the first class, and is entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of public printer. The
printing of the census blanks was done by the
public printer in 1840—then one printer did all the
work; but how did he get the job? Not ex officio
as public printer, but by a clause in the a at of
1839, which directed the Secretary of State to have
the printing executed by the public printer. The
other test which I apply to tliis case, to annihilate
the pretence which nas been set up, that Congress
has violated the contract on its part, and cannot,
therefore, demand its performance by the contract-
ors, is to refer the House to the manner of paying
the census printer in 1840. It was not paid for by
the officers of the House; it was not charged to
the contingent fund of the House; the accounts
were not audited by either the Committees on
Printing or Accounts. On the contrary, sir, the
accounts were vouched, audited, and paid for at
the Department, in the same manner as all other
department printing.
It is, then, very apparent, Mr. Speaker, that the
eomplaint set up by these contractors, that the
census printing was their legitimate right under
the contract, is an after-thought—they never were
entitled to it, and when they bid they could not
have framed the bids with reference to it.
Another cause of alleged complaint by Mr.
Ritchie is, that the binding of the regular docu-
ments was ex qfficio the job of the public printer,
it having been enjoyed by his predecessor, out of
which he realized a profit of $6,000; and that the
job was taken from him by the Board of Printing,
and given to another contractor. When I firstheard
this, and received the impression that it was taken
from him after his contract was declared, I was
convinced of the equity of his claim for compen-
sation pro Umto for the withdrawal from him of
wqrk which he had a legitimate right to calculate
, he would execute, and out of which he could
' have made profit. But, sir, an understanding of
the facts dissipates even this pretension; and a
, resort to such ftimsey ad captandum reasons to'
secure relief, shows the little reert foundation which
that bill before you has upon your sense of jus-
tice. At the same time that proposals were in-
vited for the public printing two years ago, pro-
posals were also invited for the Dinding of the
regular documents. The present contractor for
binding obtained his contract by being the lowest
1 bidder, at the same time Mr. Ritchie secured the
printing. How,then,couldMr. R.haveconcluded
that he would be entitled to the binding, when he i
did not even propose a bid? The binding for this ■
Congress is done at one half the price paid Wen-
dell for similar work.
Tliere'is no dispute as to thefact that the contract- !
ors have used the best paper, weighing thirty-eight \
, pounds to the ream, only in printing the regular num-
j ber of each document; the extra numbers, constitu- ,
I tingthree fourths of all, which wesend home to our :
constituents, being printed on a much cheaper and
inferior quality of paper, weighing not more than
j thirty-two pounds to the ream. The excuse of- :
! fered is, that it has been customary heretofore to
do the same thing. Well, sir, the Board on Print-
' ing seems to have been aware of that fact, and took
, the most special pains to prevent its recurrence.
Mr. Hickey, their secretary, says on oath, that
"the only sample qfpaper and printing shown, was ,
'the Coal Report of Professor Johnson, made at 1
' the first session of the Twenty-eighth Congress.
, ' The sample at the last lettings (for the Thirtieth .
! ' Congress) was the same, and it was attached to .
| • the contract. But the board thought the best j
' ' way, in consequence of the deviation by the last ;
! ' contractor, [Wendell,] for the new lettings, was :
' to specify the weight of the paper and its quality,
• and the bidders were notified that a clause to this
' effect would be in the contract, and it was so in- '
'serted." And, Mr. Speaker, you will find that :
the contract requires all the printing to be done on j
paper weighing thirty-eight pounds to the ream.
Will any one seriously set up a custom as an ex-
cuse for violating a contract, when the contract it- j
self so explicitly and purposely negatives and re-
i pudiates that custom ? By this departure from his
I contract, Mr. Ritchie has saved $1 45 per ream
i on every ream used for the extra numbers; which
I aggregated will make near $20,000.
| vVendell lost some $18,000 by his contract; and
1 as these contractors have taken the work at a less
price, their loss is consequently said to be greater.
He says that the prices of 1819, deducting fifty-
six per cent., would make him whole; and the
' same thing would, of course, result to Mr. Ritchie.
But Mr. R. could well afford to take less; for
I Wendell includes in his calculation all the presses
I and material for his office—he had to purchase
everything new before commencing. Mr. Ritchie
, had the presses and much of the type idle in the
Union office, and would notlose, therefore,as much
' as Wendell at the same prices.
It is conceded upon all sides, that the contractors
knew when they bid that the prices were low,
perhaps too low—the testimony taken before the
committee proves that; the declarations of Tren-
holm show that the contracts were taken for Mr.
Ritchie's benefit. He acknowledges his interest
as early as the 22d March, about one month after
the contracts were declared, and Mr. Farnham,
the paper dealer, testifies that he sells Mr. Ritchie
all the paper he has used for the newspaper, and
. for Congressional printing; that he keeps but one
account, and that is against Mr. Ritchie alone; that
he is paid by Mr. Ritchie's draft; that the accounts
for the newspaper and Congressional paper are
not separated or distinguished. There can be but
; little doubt that he was from the beginning the real
, party interested in the bids, allowing Trenholm
perhaps some commission in lieu of wages. The
reasons assigned for taking the contracts so low,
are as numerous as they are curious. Trenholm
said to my friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Printing, [Mr. McWillie,] through whom he
was importuning Congress to relieve him, that "the
only reason of his taking the contracts so low was
that he felt some pride in having the public print-
ing well executed, it having been badly done be-
fore." How wonderfully patriotic! He said to
K. Woodward " he would not take $20,000 for
the contracts—he expected Congress would re-
lieve them." And if you pass this bill, he may con-
gmtulate himself on his foresight and judgment,
for I think it doubtful if he would take twice that
sum then. It may be, sir, that personal rancor
and hostility to John C. Rives will furnish some
reason for taking the contracts so low. Mr.
Ritchie said to Senator Haytmn, " that Rives
•should not do any of the work; he has already a
• contract under the Government, of which he is
•makingmoney,and I will <kr the present printing
•at any loss rather than he should have it." An-
other reason assigned was, that " it was expected
•the present Congress would be Democratic, and if
•so,thesystem would heabrngated and Mr. Ritchie
•would £et the benefit." All these reasons have
been assigned by Mr. Ritchie or his friends for
taking the contracts so low; and doubtless they
had their weight with the contractors in framing
their bids; but still a prudent mind could hardly
credit that such a heavy pecuniary responsibility-
would be incurred on such contingencies. The
true explanation, as I conceive, for the low bids,
is deducible from the testimony of two of the
witnesses examined before the select committee.
After the advertisement inviting proposals for the
printing of this Congress had bpen published,
Messrs. Washington & Flinn, of this city, de-
termined to submit a bid; if successful, it was
their intention to establish another Democratic
paper, and n gentleman of character and talents
was written to for the purpose of obtaining him
as editor. Flinn was a practical printer, but
Washington was wholly inexperienced. They
determined to associate with them an experienced
pressman, neither of then* having any knowledge
1 of that branch of the businness. They consulted
one Gordon, the foreman in the press-room of the
, Union office, and offered him an interest in the
contract if it was obtained,communicating to him
fully their purpose of establishing a new paper.
He assented to the arrangement, as Flinn under-
stood, and actually furnish«d them with data upon
which they might predicate a safe and profitable
bid. The bid was framed according to Gordon's
suggestion, and handed to the Secretary of the
Printing Board. Gordon, in his evidence, denies
that he consented to become one of the partners ii>
the firm, but acknowledged that Flinn said "•if
i ' he got the printing he would force Ritchie to sell
•the Union, or he would set up a new office ov.er
j •his head; that he had good backers in the Senate.
• /(Gordon ^communicated all these facts to Messrs.
• Ritchie & Trenholm. I had not seen either Belt's
•or Trenholm's bid before, but I know these bids
• were changed in consequence of this information, and
[ ' that to secure the contracts they were placed lower than
; ' the bidders originally designed." When the bids
i were opened, it was found that Flinn & Washing-
ton were the next lowest bidders to Belt on the
1 second, third, and fourth classes, and to Trenholm
on the fifth class, and that they would have
obtained the three first classes but for Gordon's
betrayal. This furnishes a key which: explains
the whole transaction. It appeared strange that
two brothers-in-law, Belt & Trenholm, working
in the same office, should" each submit bids; but
if my conjecture is right, this is the explanation:
When Gordon made the communication, Tren-
holm's bid had already been deposited, and it
i was determined, rather than subject Gordon to any
suspicion by withdrawing Trenholm's bid, that
another bid should be prepared in the Dame of
Belt, and that his prices should be fixed lower
than Flinn & Washington's; consequently Belt
underbid them on'the 2d, 3d, and 4th classes, and
obtained the contracts — Trenholm's bid being
doubtless lower on the fifth class originally than
the otherfirm; Belt bid above both of them. But
the important fact which this evidence of Gordon
&. Flinn developes is this, that Mr. Ritchie, to de-
feat the establishment of another Democratic paper
here, determined to have the contracts at all haz-
ards, be the loss what it might; and he perhaps
acted wisely, looking to his pecuniary interests.
! The Union was the recognized organ of the party;
; he paid originally a large sum for its purchase,
j and doubtless had increased its materials, furni-
ture, &c. The buildings, presses, good-will, &c.,
were worth then $50,tKK), at least. Another paper
here, which would reduce his subscription list, and
lead perhaps to intestine bickering in thc*pa[ty,
would have materially depreciated the value of the
Union office, and shorn him of some of the power
