1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
were opened that Mr. Ritchie meant to have the contract if
he took it for a hundred thousand dollar* lest than the work
could be done for." ...
TP. 8.1 " Trenholm informed witness that the public
^ . J ■ . i  i.nil <X* ha rtWnnt tn krufl t
which he wielded throngh the columns of his j
press; superadded to this, the contingent hope that |
the party would be in power in both Houses, and i .      
would relieve him from loss, may have well j printing was delayed on purpose,^and for the object to break
authorized him in taking the contraeta low. He «P the contract system, and hereby restore the ^
obtained them, defeated the project of Flinn &
Washington, and prevented thereby the depreci-
ation in the value of his paper to the tune of several
thousand dollars. Butnoteontented with that suc-
cess, he now importunes you to release him from
his contract. Will you do it? Will you allow him
thousands of dollars more for doing the printing
of Congress than others offered to do it for
you at ? For it must not be forgotten that the
bids of Flinn & Washington were but a fraction
larger than these contractors. If you relieve Mr.
Ritchie, what justice do you propose to mete out
hp u1c vunu«l-t> — «r     , -
fP. 10.] Lem. Towers : " I do not regard the price of
1819 as a standard for calculating work. Trenholm said he
would make Congress tick enough of the contract."
Mr. Asbdry Dickins, Secretary of the Senate, [p. 16,
17 18,1 said: "The printers' original bill for printing
the opinions of the Judges of the Supreme Court was at the
rat<* of fcS a page for every one hundred copies; and ten
thousand copies were ordered to be printed under resolu-
tion of the Senate of March 20,1849. Mr. Trenholm pre-
sumed the bill. Ho presents all the bills. After the passage
of the resolution ordering ten thousand eopies ofthe opin-
ions of the Judges of the Supreme Court, Mr. Trenholm
called on roe, aad, in the course of conversation, mentioned
that the prices of printing the work would be regulated by
th e price for non-enttmcrated work, (part C, class 5. ) I
said that su?h a charge would make the work exceedingly
   * " A . /..I £ . BBIU UJBl Hayil wvuiu """  "  t
to Towers? He obtained the printing ot the nrst , costiy. amj added, tliat I could not give it out, unless l
class bv submitting lower proposals than the con- « should have conferred with General Foote, the mover ofthe ■
and faithfully, strictly according to the specific*- ,
tions, and has made no petition for increased re-
muneration, you will admeasure to him no farthing
of your generous liberality out of the people's
money. >Vendell & Van Benthuysen were the
printers to the last Congress, and the first con-
tractors under the system of letting the printing to
the lowest bidders. They had no experience to j
direct them in framing their bids. It was with ;
them an untried experiment. They executed the j
work under that contract, and with as much prompt-
itude and fidelity as Mr. Ritchie,at a loss to them-
selves of $18,000. Mr. Ritchie had all the lights
which their experience furnished, and undertook
voluntarily the contract he now seeks s,o importu-
nately to cancel. Now, sir, how could the sense
of justice of this House consent to vote thousands I
of dollars of profit to one contractor, as this bill
proposes, without at least indemnifying the full .
loss of another equally meritorious?
The agricultural part of the Patent Office report |
for 1849 still lingers in the hands of these " faith-
fill and prompt" contractors, when our constituents ,
should have received them at least six months ago. i
Many of the documents ordered at the last session I
are now just making their way into the light of
day; but still these contractors " have done more
work, and delivered it as promptly, as their prede-
cessorl#!" Mr. Ritchie has heretofore made n
moderate fortune out of the public printing, but
now, threatened with loss, he appeals to Congress
to rescind the bargain of his own making, that he
may add liberally to that fortune. His age and
services are pointed to as an argument in his be-
half. They may very properly stimulate a be-
coming respect for him, but do not furnish a sound
reason for quartering liim on the Treasury of this
Republic.
Mr. Speaker, I have gone more elaborately into
this subject than I desired, but it was necessary
to vindicate myself from the imputation of igno- ,
ranee, which was so flippantly made through the j
columns of the Union against me.
I know, sir, that I shall be fiercely assailed—for ,
that man is unfortunate indeed who thrusts him-
self between the lion and his prey—but I expect
the independent press of the country to do me
justice. 1 have exposed the parties implicated in j
this transaction boldly and fearlessly, not with the
hope of making reputation, but for the sake of the ,
country and my conscience. And, sir, whilst it
is my desire to cherish the kindliest relations to- |
wards my fellow-man, yet I will permit no per-
sonal considerations to swerve me from the per-
formance of my convictions of duty. I may have
misconceived this whole subject; if so, I will have ,
the magnanimity, when convinced of my error, to
repair the injury. But until moreli^ht is dissemi- !
nated upon the question, it is my duty to protest
most earnestly against the passage of the bill now |
upon the Clerk's desk.
•iAbstract of some of the material parts qfthe testimony
taken before the' Select Committee to investigate the
• public printing: j
[P, 6.] Wendell says: " The contracts of Wendell k.
Vaii Benthuysen were sixty-six and two thirds per cent, less
than the price of 1819. They lost $18,000. Ten or eleven |
per cent, would save them from loss. Their entire material ,
was new."
[P. 7.J "Trenholm has repeatedly said that the object
of the low bidding was to break up the contract system.
The party would break it up, and Mr. Ritchie would get the
benefit." [P.8.] "Trenholm always spoke o£Mr. Ritchie as
the real contractor. Trenholm declared the day the bidt
should be a limitation to the sum to be paid for the work,
lie said that he would attend to it; and, in the course j
of the same day, he informed me that he had seen Mr.
Ritchie, and that Mr. Hitchic had at once, and in the hand- '
somest manner, agreed to a reduction; and, the day after,
General Foote, the author ofthe resolution, handed me the
following letter:
" Washington, March 22, 1849.
"Dear Sir: After the passage of the resolution of the
Senate, directing ten thousand eopies of the decisions of
the Supreme Court to be printed, I ascertained that the
sum would be very large if the printing were done under
the class to which it properly belongs under Mr. Belt's
contract) which is executed at my office, uuder an agree-
ment with him; and I determined, and so expressed my-
self, that I could not accept more than a reasonable sum for
the work, although that is, perhaps, the only class of work
that will yield a profit under the contract
" I now repeat in writing, and hereby desire you to enter
it as a part ofthe contract, or to retain this paper as a mod-
ification of the contract, that neither Mr. Belt nor myself,
nor any one under us, will accept more than $1 95 percopy
for the publication, no matter how large the. volume may
be. Some have estimated the work as probably amounting
to $80,000; tliis is, therefore, to release and relinquish all
claim beyond #12,500, in any event.
" Mr. Belt will also subscribe this paper, as evidence of
his consent and union in the release and relinquishment.
" As witness our hands and seals, tilts 22d March, 1849.
"THOMAS RITCHIE, [l. s.]
"W. M. BELT. ft. s.J
" Witness as to both: T. Green.
"Mr. A. Dickins, Secretary of the Senate
« When the werk was done, Mr. Trenholm rendered the
account. I reminded him that,-when the limitation was
fixed, it was supposed that the work would be twice as
large, and that there ought to be a reduction. He said that
it might be the only article upon which they could make
profits, and, as they had already made a great reduction,
they ought to be allowed the amount of this bill. Under th
authority of the joint resolution of the last session of Con
gress, the Clerk ofthe House and I examined the account,
and, having carefully referred to the terms of the contract,
we were satisfied that it came under the partjof the contract
referred to, and paid #12,500 for the work."
In answer to a question by Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Dick-
ins said:
" When the resolution was passed, the opinions had not
been received—indeed, I think they had not been written
out by the judges. The impression then was that the book
to contain these opinions would contain about three hundred
(300) pages."
[P. 18.] JohnThos. Clements: " The binding in no case
equalled the copy placed on the members' desks. The head
bands of the best ofthe extra were of linen ; the other bead-
bands of paper."
[P. 21. j W. W. Seaton: "When we were public print-
ers, and the business of Congress required a document, we
would throw the whole force of our office upon it, and hire
extra hands to have it ready. We worked our hands every
night, and sometimes all night, in the business of Congress
printing."
[P. 93.] Simon Cameron: "The Government saved
$440,000, according to a calculation I made as chairman of
the Committee on Printing in the Senate, for tlie Thirtieth
Congress by the contract system," &c. [p. 23.] " McKin-
ley told witness that he could make a great deal of mouey
by the contract he offered to take.."
Wm. Nott, [p. 23,] (one of the compositors in the
Union office.) " Ort two occasions witness has done extra
work in the evening."
[P. 24.] I. G. McKinley: "The largest profits under the
resolution of 1819 can now be made on the press-work."
[P. 25.} " VVitness says, from his knowledge of the printing
business, that the contractors for classes^, 3,4 and 5 (Tren-
holm k Belt) must have been either ignorant of their pro-
fession, or they were not bidding in good faith. Witness
was shown a sample of paper by Mr. Dickins, being cer-
tain documents printed by Blair & Rives, and was told tliat
was the standard required of the public printer, and witness
made his estimates with reference to that quality of paper,
which witness supposed would cost $4 50 per ream." [P.
25.] " Witness bad no intimation that the whole of the paper
was pot to be uniform in quality."
[P. 26.] "The clau3e of contracts under which contract-
ors were paid for printing opinions of the judges of the Su-
preme Court, has no reference to book-work,but to pro-
grammes, order of exercises, hand-bills, kc. Witness could
print the pamphlet for $1,600,and make a fair profit."
[P.27.] Jas. S. McKban: "Blake takes the binding from
| Trenholm, paying him a bonus of ten per cent, upon his
contract to let us execute the binding. "The actual cost of
binding is $9 90 per hundred eopies.w [P. 28.] " No bids were
invited or advertised (for binding the extra numbers,) and
the first we knew the printing committee had given the
whole to Trenholm. If bids had been invited the work
would have been done for less than the contract price."
[P. 30.] John S. Bryan: " Trenholm said the contract*
of Wendall & Van Benthuysen were too low. After the
contracts for the printing of the Thirty-first Congress were
declared, Trenholm said that the contract system was all
wrong, and ought to be broken up. Witness iuferred that
the contractors dfd not intend to execute the contracts, from
various conversations."
[P. 34.1 John C. Rives: "The impression of witness is,
that Ritchie & Heiss cleared more than money enough out
ofthe printing of the Patent Office report for the first ses-
sion of Twenty-ninth Congress to pay for the whole estab-
lishment. Trenholm told witness that the job was so profit-
able that the Department withdrew some of the copy
(matter) at the instance of the printers, lest there might be
some noise made in Congress at the heavy profits realized
for printing."
[Page 3?.] " Blair It Rives worked their hands until
eleven o'clock atnightwhea President's message and other
documents were on hand of pressing importance. It costs
from forty to fifty per cent, more to set up type on Congress
work at night than by the day."
fp. 38] ft. H. Gallaher " was a bidder for the publie
printing."
[Page 39.] " Mr. Hickey, * clerk in the Senate, showed
him a sample of the paper and printing. The paper was to
weigh not less than nineteen pounds to the single ream, or
thirty-eight pounds to the double ream. No intimation was
given to witness that one kind of paper could be used for
the regular numbers distributed here^and another for the
extra number sent by members of Congress to their con-
stituents. All the paper and printing that did not come up
to the sample was to be rejected."
[Page 39.] " From witness's^knowled^e of the printing
business, (and be has been familiar with it all his life,) lie
does not see bow the bids of Trenholm &. Belt could have
been made in good faith,if they were practical printers, and
knew the prices of journeymen's wages."
| « Witness expresses the opinion that part C, fifth class of
the public printing under which the contractors made their
! charge for printing the opinions of the judges of the Su-
! preme Court can, by no right construction, mean book or
l pamphlet work, and that the word.4 in the contract, 'or
when the same cannot be computed as above including
| composition, press work, paper, of any size whatever
' not herein specified per one hundred copies, two dollars,'
must allude only to handbills or single sheets of paper for
which two dollars were to be charged for every hundred
' copies."
I [Page 30.] G. Gordon, Pressman in the Union office:
i "We are now working only ten hours per day, (7th August,)
and have not worked more than that since the 1st of April;
from the 1st of January for two months, we run the presses
until midnight; from the first of March to April until eleven
o'clock, p. in.—did during same time extra work on Sunday.
The contractors have exerted themselves to execute the
work with dispatch; it has never been done faster, nor bet-
ter." [Page 41.] "I am directed in my Congress work
by Mr. Ritchie and Mr. Trenholm—never by Mr. Belt."
[Page 41.] " I heard the contractors say when they took
the contracts, thai they could make profit by executing it.
Jifter they had commenced the xpork} they ascertained they
could not make a profit by it."
Colonel McWillie, chairman of the Committee on
Printing, [p. 44.J "The contractor, Trenholm, assigned the
only reason of his taking the contract low, that he felt some
pride in having, the public printing well executed, as it had
; been badlydone the previous Congress."
| [P. 46.] Henry Walker: "Is on furlough without pay
! from the Union office. The excuse for the furlough was,
I that the press-work was behind the composition, and that
i there was not type enough to progress further until they got
i from the presses. Witness has only worked extra work
I twice during the session, (two evenings.)"
| [f. 48.J Hon. H. Hamlin: " Shortly after the resolution
1 in the Spring, from the Committee on Printing, offered by
Mr. Borland, Ritchie said to Hamlin, 4 Mr. Rives shall not
| do any of the work. He has already a contract under the
I Government, out of which he is making a large sum of
money, and I will do the present printing at any loss rather
\ than he should hitve it."
Mr. Robb [p. 48] said: " I am the pay clerk of the House
; of Representau ves. I have paid out no money for the public
I printing. I have not been asked to pay any. I do not
l know that they have presented any bills 1 have seen none.
" There is money in the contingent fund. The deficien-
! cy bill passed nearly two months since. No application has
! been made to me for pay for printing since the passage of
i that bill," (the deficiency bill.)
(The queries to which these answers were given were
| made with reference to the following statement by Mr.
i Belt in his memorial to Congress, and is copied from page
i three. It was sent to members in a pamphlet of forty-three
pages:)
"' The contractor begs leave, in the most respectful man-
i ner, to remind your honorable bodies that, even if there had
been just cause of complaint against him in relation to the
i execution of the contract, he might also allege that he would
1 have been uuable to obtain, until the deficiency bill lately
! passed, any payment for the several jobs as they were fin-
I Fshed off, agreeably to another stipulation in the contract'
i " I have been pay clerk ever since the passage of the de-
i, ficiency bill."
ii [P. 51.] William Hicxby: "Was Secretary ofthe
! board for the letting ofthe public printing. The board bad
II a printed form of proposals. Trenholm was often present
j and saw it A sample of paper was exhibited, and in con-
I sequence ofWendell fc Van Benthuysen not having com-
i plied with the Airmailed sample, the board determined to
' specify *Ae weight of the paper, and its quality, and all the
bidders were notified that a clause to that effect would be
inserted, and it was se inserted. Does not remember that
Believer called to see about the lettings. Heard Ritchie &
