1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
517
self to my mind, and one which has had consid-
erable influence in bringing me to the conclusion
to which I have come upon this subject.
Allusion has been made by the honorable gentle-
eman frojn South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] who has
just addressed the House, to the fifth class of pub-
lic printing, in which was comprised the opinions
of the Supreme Court and the obituary notices of
General Taylor. He speaks of the extravagance
of the charge made by the public printer for these
two items of printing. Now, that very reason
ought to be a controlling influence on the mind of
any reasonable man why we should pass the
resolution now under discussion. Under the fifth
class of printing, according to the opinion of some
individuals, wnatever may be the opinion of
gentlemen upon this floor to the contrary, the
chaige made by Mr. Ritchie for these particular
items was in accordance with the contract. Such
is the opinion of Mr. McCulloh and Mr. Fen-
'dall, men who are learned in the law—men for
whose opinions I have the highest regard. These
men have come to the deliberate ana solemn con-
clusion, after the most thorough investigation,
that Mr. Ritchie is justly entitled to everycent of
his charges upon this class of printing. The dis-
trict attorney has given the same opinion. Rob-
ert J. Walker, a man of high talents, a man who
is acknowledged throughout the country as one of
the ablest men in the country, on questions of
never -read the statements of Mr. Rives, or Mr.
Ritchie's answers. I havetaken no part whatever
in the contest which "
the seat of Government, that they are unable to
support their papers, from the smatt amount of
lich has been soing on between j advertising which they get, unless they receive
them; but when Mr. Rives is brought up to the Government patronage. The ease of Mr. Ritchie,
witness' stand to bear testimony in relation to
this case, I believe in his statements. He says:
"Taking the amount of work at ttiis session as a stand-
ard, and adopting tb« style of work dame toy the printers for
' this session, the public printer could afford to do tbe print-
ing for both Houses, at the price at one third less than the
prices fixed by the joint resolution of 1819. Re would lose
on the composition, but would more than make it up on the
press-work."
Mr. Rives, then, when called to testify upoto
his oath, says the price of the public printing
might be one third less than that fixed upon by
the joint resolution of 1819. On the Other hand, I
ask the House to consider the price for which Mr.
Ritchie actually engaged to do the work, which is
sixty per cent, legs than that provided for in the
act of 1819. The gentlemen who had the contract
to execute the printing for the last Congress, came
before this confmittee and testified, that under their
in my humble opinion, presents itself in a stronger
light, and makes a more powerful appeal to us than
any or all of the cases whicl) we have had before
put together. I sincerely believe that the relief
' afforded in the resolution which we have offered m
no more than is just that we should give to him.
If the resolution had given something over and
f above the actual cost, I, for one, should have voted
" for it. If it had given a sum sufficient to have
realized him a handsome profit, I should have vo-
ted for it. But this resolution asks for no such
thing. It merely asks that you should give one
, half the prices provided for in the act of 1819,
which will not be more than the actual cost. I
! trust, Mr. Speaker, that when this resolution has
i1 been fully considered by the House it will be
passed.
Mr. BURT said: I have not obtained the floor
contract they lost (18,000. I look further into |j for the purpose of discussing the merits of the re
the testimony, and find there is no difference of
opinion as to Mr. Ritchie's work being done from
ten to fifteen per cent, better than that performed
by the contractors of the preceding Congress.
Taking all these things into consideration, we
came to the conclusion, after the most thorough
investigation, that wewouldgive him one halftne
finance especially, has given such an opinion, i price provided for by the resolution of 1819, which
Although he differs politically from me, I will do 1, we thought would indemnify him for the actual
him the justice to say, that, m my opinion, he is |j cost, but no more.
one of our ablest men upon questions of finance.
"Well, Mr. Walker, after a thorough analysis of
the case in question, came to the deliberate con-
clusion that Mr. Ritchie was entitled to every
dollar which he charged, under his contract with
Congress. Further than this, we have the opin-
ion of several eminent Senators upon this subject.
We have the opinion of a distinguished Senator
Mr. Speaker, I do notintend to detain the House
longer upon this subject. I only desire that gen-
tlemen should understand the motive# and princi-
ples upon which we were governed in reporting
this resolution.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
has asserted that Mr. Ritchie could afford to do
this work cheaper than the former contractors,
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] and an because he had a printing establishment of his
abler lawyer there is not to be found throughout
the length and breadth of this entire land, a
n an whose whole life has been dedicated to
the law, and who, upon a thorough analysis of
the whole subject, came to the same conclusion,
that Mr. Ritchie was entitled to all he charged,
and that if he has made a losing contract, he
has the right to claim relief. If that opinion
should be sustained, it would give him more
than double the amount which this resolution asks
for him. Mr. Ritchie has asked, that, instead of
this allowance being made, the matter should be
referred to the Supreme Court of the United States,
to decide upoh his technical, abstract right to re-
ceive what he charged upon this fifth class of the
public printing; and that, whatever might be the
decision, he would be satisfied with it. He pro-
posed to throw aside, to give up, the #12,000
which he had received from the Senate upon this
fifth class of printing, and receive a compensation
for it of one naif the price.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the amount of com-
pensation we are to allow him. I do not wish to
detain the House upon the subject, as to whether
it should be what the gentleman himself who op-
Eosed this resolution has said, or not. From all I
ave heard upon the subject, I am satisfied that
own, while they were obliged to purchase one.
He had one already purchased. I do not under-
stand the force of such reasoning. Whether I
purchase such an establishment, or lay out capital
for an establishment after I have received a con -
tract, or before I have received it, can make no
possible difference, so far as the actual cost is con-
cerned. But we are told, that these things -are to
have an effect upon the entire printing contract.
Mr. Speaker, I pass upon each individual case as
it presents itself to my mind here. When Messrs.
Gales & Seaton agreed to do the public printing
for twenty per cent, less than the contract price
of 1819, they appealed to Congress, stating that
they had lost money, and that they were likely to
port made by the Committee on Printing, but to
make a suggestion, or rather to offer a resolution,
, which I think should be acceptable to every mem-
I ber of thjs House. I cannot be insensible to that
I which is obvious to the sense of everybody, as
I well as to the promptings of my own party feel-
| ings.
I know, sir, that it is a moral certainty that thi*
; House, apart from party feelings, is disposed to
i make ample remuneration for anj losses which
! Mr. Ritchie may have sustained in consequent*
of his contract for the public printing.
But, sir, when a person here throws his claim
upon the justice and the generosity of Congress,
we should require him to show that he has su -
tained this loss. Now, whilst I have great respect
for the opinions of the Committee on Printing of
this House, and though I have the highest respect
for the opinion of the select committee on public
printing, I have made inquiry in relation to this
matter, and find that neither of these committee*
have shown to this House the extent of thelosses or
the gains of Mr Ritchie by the execution of the
public printing. I apprehend that the opinion*
of these two committees cannot both be correct.
For one seems to infer that Mr. Ritchie has found
it a profitable business, and the other committee
that he has found it an immensely unprofitable
one. Now it seems to me that there is nothing in.
this case which renders these claims upon the jus-
tice and liberality of Congress valid, apart from
the fact whether the losses have been sustained,
and if sustained, that they were the result of this
contract. We must first know whether Mr. Ritchie
! gone ]
from considerations entitling the editors of that pa-
per to relief, when I am brought to ail investigation
of a case where a political opponent is concerned—
„     , one who has battled manfully against me at all 1
we do nothing more than barely cover the cost of ! times—why should I not do for him precisely the
the work by appropriating the amount provided   1 'J J ' *
for in this resolution.
Now, sir, I have known gentlemen to make pa-
per calculations which show, beyond all dispute,
the precise cost for which a contract can be exe-
cuted; but when you come to carry the contract t - r ^  —  , .w ,
into effect, the result shows that these calculations ! and protracted, and that he had lost a large sum
 of mone7) at the rate of at |east poo p|r day
What did Congress do? Without one word of
lose more. What aid Congress do in that case? i has performed his contract agreeably to its terms,
Congress did not lower them down to one half j and whether by that performance of his contract
the price of 1819, but paid them the full price of; I he has lost; ana if he aid lose, to what extent.
1819. In all human probability, with the kind I! Now, on the one side it is said that upon one
feelings which I have ever entertained towards the !' portion of the public printing Mr. Ritchie is lb
venerable editor of that paper, I should have gone I! gaily entitled to a very large sum; whilst on the
for this measure if I had been a member of the 'j other side I hearit suggested that be is not soenti-
House at that time. If I should have gone for it 11 tied. I desire to know the facts. I desire to know
whether Mr. Ritchie has executed his contract;
and if he has executed it, what sum he has lost by
its execution. And 1 am free to confess, that if lie
can show that he has sustained losses, I believe
that he will be compensated by this House. It
has been suggested to me in con vernation, by the
members of the Committee on Printing, that Mr.
Ritchie cannot show what losses he has in effect
sustained. Well, if he cannot show those losses, I
apprehend it is too much to expect of this House
same thing that I would do for one of my own
I political friends?
Sir, we were told, at the close of the last session,
and properly and justly, that Mr. Rives in his
contract was losing money—that the session was ,        ,    
a prolonged one—that the debates were very prolix >' to suppose that it can take his own loose estimate.
a■ M M 4kJ A 4 1 - — ^L.   J 1 ... A 1   * 1 1 .1 ■ Tfc * . . Y. * _ *   T T         ?   
can never be relied on. There is not a practical man
in this House who does not know that a paper
calculation as to the actual cost of executing a
contract—as to what the work can really be done
for, rarely, if ever, proves to be correct.
In looking over what has been said on both
sides of this question, I have not passed by the
statements which have been made by this special
contmittee on printing. I have examined every-
thing which was said before that committee. 1
have read that report, and all the evidence which
was taken before that committee. I have read it
all Carefully and impartially. I find in that evi-
dence a statement made by Mr. Rives, a gentle-
rtan who has had some controversy with Mr.
Ritchie, but about which I know nothing. I
have never read one side or the other. I have
! difficulty, an act was passed granting him relief; '
I and he was reimbursed for his Tosses. 1 sustained
I understand that Mr. Ritchie is wholly unfamiliar
with printing—that he cannot make these estimate*
himself, but must leave it to his persons of busi-
ness, who, at least, must be able to make them. If
he has sustained loss, he can show to the House
and to the country, with some approach to cer-
that measure, for I thought if right. 1 had no ob-
jection whatever to it, and I think now it was right ' I tainty, though not,'perhaps, with perfect certainty,
and perfectly just. Because 1 have differed with i what those Tosses are.
the editor of the " Union" newspaper upon the
mere party issues which have heretofore divided
the country, am I to withhold my consent to this
I measure ? Why, at the very last Session a resolu-
i tion was introduced here, and, as far as I know,
1 was not debated at all, giving to Meaara. Gales &
I Seaton a contract, on which I hope tuid believe
I that they will make a large sum of money. They
; were losing money in the publication of their paper.
I The publisher* of papers are 66 situated hefe at
Now, we all know that Mr. Ritchie is not only
the pubficjirinter, but also the editor of the Daily,
Tri-weekly, and I believe, the Weekly Union
also, and that he also execute* private printing.
Mr. Ritchie may find himself a loser upon this
whole business—I doubt not but this is the case.
But I say that it is utterly impossible but that
Mr. Ritchie can show to the House with some
approach to certainty, the result of his execution
of the public printing. He may have lost upon
