518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
his newpapers. I believe that the publication of
papers, especially of daily newspapers, in this city,
is never a source of profit to the publisher. Sup-
posing his loss shall nave arisen from the publica-
tion of a daily newspaper in this city, I imagine
nobody here would venture to propose compensa-
tion for a loss of that kind. I apprehend his only
equitable claim upon this House arises from his
relations to it as public printer, and if he has done
his duty in that capacity and sustained losses in
consequence, it appears to me, I say, that it is al-
most impossible tnat he cannot show, so as to
make it clear to the House, the actual amount of ,
his losses.
To the end thftt we may have that information
before we vote upon this proposition, I move that
the report of the Committee on Printing be recom-
mitted to that committee, with the following in-
structions.
That the Committee on Printing be instructed to inquire
and report whether Mr. Ritchie has executed the public
printing, having regard to the quality of the work and to
time, agreeably to his contract, and what sum he has lost
by his contract.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. ORR, who said: I desire to explain the
matter referred to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means as to the class of
public printing that had been assigned to Mr.
Rives, as I stated, at a less price than was paid to
the present contractor. I am informed that Mr.
Rives has obtained the fifth class, it being one of
the classes that Mr. Belt now executes, so that I
was correct in stating that it was one of Mr.
Ritchie's contracts; but I was incorrect in saying
that it was Mr. Trenholm, for it was Mr. Belt.
Mr. BAYLY, (Mr. McLane still yielding the
floor.) It is true, as the gentleman states, that
Mr. Rives's bids were lower than Mr. Ritchie's
for this particular class of printing; but it is the
class out of which such enormous profits are to be
made, and the printing amounts to very little.
Mr. McLANE said: Before I make any re-
marks to the House upon the resolutions which
have been reported by thegentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. McWilxje,] I beg to refer for a mo-
ment to the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] to postpone this subject— j
for that, I take it, would be the effect of his mo- j
tion. I understand the gentleman from South j
Carolina to make that motion, under the appre- j
hension that there was a difference of opinion upon |
the subject of this contract between the Committee !
on Printing and the special committee formed at
the last session of Congress, and that the last com-
mittee reported to this House that Mr. Ritchie's
contract was a profitable one. Now, before I pro-
ceed further, 1 want to understand that point.
There has been, so far as I am aware, no such
report made to the House by that committee.
•Mr. BURT, (interposing.) I must be very un-
fortunate in my language, if I was understood by
any one to make such a statement. I spoke of
my inference from the statements of that commit-
tee. The gentleman will allow me to say furthef,
that if he suspects me of a desire to postpone this
matter, he does me an injustice. I do not desire
to postpone it a single moment; and under the de-
cision of the Chair, sustained by the House, that
this is a privileged matter, we knew that it can be
brought up at any moment, no matter what may
be under consideration. Besides that, I suppose
that since this matter was discussed here at the
last session of Congress, some advance has been
made towards making an estimate, and that it
could be done very soon.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I did not intend
to say, nor did I say, that the gentleman from
South Carolina made his motio.n with a view of
postponing this matter, but 1 was about to explain
that I considered that that would be the effect of
his proposition, and believe so now. With regard
to tne explanation submitted by the gentleman, as
to why he supposed that the special committee on
printing raised at the last session thoiftht this a
profitable contract, I certainly did apprehend from
his statement that they had so reported, and not
that it was a mere inference on his part. If he
forms that inference from the sentiments expressed
by the members of that committee on this floor,
he is very far aside from the statement made by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
as well as from that made by his colleague [Mr. Orr]
and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr^ Went-
worth.] Certainly my friend from Kentucky
represented that this was a fraudulent contract, a ,
contract bid for confessedly at ruinous prices to
break up the contract system. The idea that this
was a profitable contract was not suggested by that
committee, nor was that the course of argument
which came from tne members of that committee.
The House will remember, gentlemen on the other
side of the hall will remember, that the imputation
was thrown out at the last session of Congress that
the contractors had undertaken to perform this
work at ruinously low prices with a view to break
up the contract system; that he, and those with
whom he conspired, intended to deceive and de- t
fraud Congress. And, sir, for one, I believe that
to that imputation is to be attributed his failure to
receive relief at the last session. But the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] has argued
here this morning that the existing contract is a
profitable one, and that money could be made out
of it. Did I understand the gentleman correctly ?
Mr. ORR. The position that I assume is this: ,
Tliat the $12,500 which Mr. Ritchie received for
publishing the opinions of the Supreme Court,
and the $20,000 which he saved by furnishing in- 1
ferior paper to that required by the contract, will
save him from all loss under the existing contract.
My position is not that the contract is a profitable
one, but that he will be saved from all the loss
that he would have incurred if he had made a fair 1
charge for the publication of these opinions, and .
had furnished proper paper.
Mr. McLANE, (in continuation.) Well, I am
very sure that when the gentleman from South
Carolina read his speech this morning I did not
so apprehend him. I did not so understand him
that the arbitrary acts of this House, which fixed
these prices for this particular part of the (jpntract,
were alone to save Mr. Ritchie from loss. Sir, the
sum of money that Mr. Ritchie received for the
Taylor pamphlet was not the contract price, nor
is it contended to be the contract price. The sum
charged on the Taylor pamphlet was large, it
was a sum at which the Senate Committee on
Printing hesitated, and took issue with the public
printer. The sum assigned the public printer was
not the contract price, but it was an arbitrary
price, which, as the gentleman from South Carolina
concedes, was fixed upon to indemnify Mr. Ritchie
for his losses. By conceding this, the gentleman
concedes the whole case—by conceding that this
arbitrary sum of money was granted, aside from
the contract, to indemnify the public printer for
his losses.
Mr. ORR said: 1 desire to remind my friend
that I made no allusion whatever to the printing
of the Taylor pamphlet. I did not take it into
my calculation.
Mr. McLANE. I intended to have referred to
the Supreme Court opinions, which was a docu-
ment published, as was the Taylor pamphlet, in
a different style from that usual for the public
printing contracted to be paid for in the fifth class, i
At the last session of Congress, when the hon- j
orable gentleman from Illinois was chairman of
this special committee, he interposed when a reso- !
lution was presented here to settle these accounts
under the contract, a special exemption upon the
work done on the Taylor pamphlet; he was not
willing that it should be settled by the Committee
on Printing like other work, but he proposed to
suspend and interfere with the committee s dispo-
sition of this work, fearing the contractor's view
of his contract might prevail.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (interposing.) I object-
ed to the payment of that sum, under the interpreta-
tion or construction of the contract, that the Com-
mittee on Public Printing might give it.
Mr. McLANE. Exactly so; I understand the
gentleman's explanation. If the opinion of the
Attorney General upon the case should be satisfac-
tory to the public printer and to this House, it
would relieve committees here of this difficulty.
The accounts of the public printer could now be
settled by the Committee on Printing, under the
auspices and cofltrol of the Attorney General, and
this mode of settlement I would prefer to any
other. ■
Mr. WENT WORTH, (interposing.) Do I
understand the gentleman from Maryland to say
that the public printers and their friends would
abide by the contract, under the decision of the ,
Attorney General? '
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, we would certainly do so.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Let them have it; I
would stand by that.
Mr. McLANE, (resuming.) Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Illinois will please address nie
only in view of the course 1 shall take for myself.
I say that if that gentleman would now allow this
contract to go to the Attorney General, to be set-
tled under his opinion, as a "law-officer, that for
all the work done, without regard to the arbitrary
prices paid for tthe printing of these opinions of
the Supreme Court, they shall receive whatever
the Attorney General would say they were enti-
tled to under the contract, and if he would have
the Taylor pamphlet paid for in the same way
under the contract, I would vote for such a reso-
lution. 1 would prefer it infinitely to the resolu-
tion reported by the Committee on Printing.
Mr.WENTwORTH. I certainly would vote
to pay the contract made between the public print-
ers and this Government, provided the law under
the contract were abided by.
Mr. McLANE. We shall see how the gentle-
man will stand upon his expressed views when we
come to vote. It would not be becoming in me
nor respectful to this House to enter into any ar-
rangement with him now, if I felt disposed to
make the venture. Now, in view of the arguments
used by the gentleman from South Carolina, I
think there are but two points in which the ques-
tion can be d'smussed. That gentleman recom-
mends this question as a moral and legal question
to this House. For one, so far as this princi-
ple is concerned, I hope to be in accordance with
him, if he adheres to the law and good morals, in
my line of action. The gentleman does not de-
sire that a fair contract should be set aside by the
action of this House, and an inducement given
to the regular contractor to violate his contract.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the first place the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina has participated
in that action of Congress which has altered the
contract: there can be no doubt about it. The
honorable gentleman has assented to that suspen-
sion of ana interference with the general audit of
his accounts under the contract. Now, sir, he
cannot deny, and he will not, I am sure, that if
this Congress had interfered with the rights of the
contractor, it is bound, if it really has so interfered
as to deprive him of a legal settlement of his ac-
counts; and if the gentleman from South Carolina
has participated in depriving him of this settlement
by participating in the action ofCongress, he would
feel that he was bound to make up the actual loss,
or settle on a principle of quantum meruit. Will
he do it 
Mr. ORR, (interposing.) If, Mr. Speaker, this
Congress had violated the contract which it had
made with the public printers, and if in conse-
quence of that violation the public printers are not
secured the profit which they would have made
had they executed it, then I do not think that
Congress would be justified in demanding the ful-
fillment of the contract from the printers. But here.
is the difference with my friend from Maryland:
The gentleman from Maryland makes an assump-
tion that I altogether deny, that Congress has
changed the contract in refusingtoallow the public
printer to charge the same price for the Taylor
panaphlet that was charged for th e other pamphlets.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman is just where
I want him to be. I want the gentlman to state
the case fairly to the House. First of all, he states
to the House that unles you give the public printer
the sum of money that was paid for the Supreme
Court opinions, he has a losing contract. This he
says in his_ explanation. But I did not so under-
stand him in his speech. This arbitrary sum of
money is to make up his losses, to make his con-
tract a profitable one. But he cannot say to this
House that this sum was the contract price. That
this #12,500 paid for the Supreme Court opinions
was the contract price. Will the gentleman an-
swer me that question ?
Mr. ORR. In reply to the gentleman from
Maryland, I will say this, that I am very sure
that the $12,500, according to my construction of
the contract, was not due to Messrs. Ritchie or
Belt. He has got some $11,000 more than he was
entitled to, but I am willing that he shall retain .it.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from South
Carolina admits that $12,500 was not the contract
price. Very well. I care not whether he thinks
it more or less than the contract price. That is
