1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
not (he question. The fallibility or infallibility of'
his judgment is not to be taken as a settlement of |
the legS rights between the Government and indi-
viduals. It is Enough that he admits that $13,500
was not the contract price. Well, then, if it was
not the contract price, the contract has been vio-
lated by the action of Congress.
Mr. ORR. It htvs been violated oa his part by
receiving the money.
Mr. McLANE. I have too much respect for the
judgment of my friend from South Carolina to
suppose that lie will seriously maintain that the
contractor was euilty of a violation of his contract
in taking that whieh the Printing Committee forced
him to take, or go without payment. If you gave
him more than he was entitled to, you being the
arbitrary, controlling; power, how can you allege
(hit he has violated his contract in taking that
which, if he did not take it, would leave him noth-
ing? Can he sue the United States? The gentle,
mm from S-mth Carolina ought to do himself the
justice to adhere to the recora, to the facts of the
case. The regular organs of the two Houses of
Congress, intrusted by Congress with the settle-
ment of his account, allowed him that amount,
end he was obliged to accept it. I am free to ad-
mit, that in accepting that sum, Mr. Ritchie did
waive his legal rights—there beinjj no common
arbiter between him and the Committee on Print-
ing. If the gentleman from South Carolina wished
to build a house, and he contracted with some one
to build it for him for $1,009, and proposed to
have a plain deal door to his house, ana when they
came to put it up, found that his taste or inclina-
tion required something more elegant, more artifi-
cial, and more ornamental, and directed it to be
done; and then the contractor said; " Here is a
clause in my contract which permits me to charge
for such and such alterations such and such a
sum of money, and the gentleman from South
Carolina should take exception to that, and refuse
to allow him that sum, and refuse to invite arbi-
tration under the contract, but, under the pressure
of circumstances, force him to take an arbitrary
sum for this alteration, could he then allege his
own wrong against the contractor, or escape his
obligation to settle, open the principle of a aitcJtttaa ,
wniil, if the alteration he had-effected in his con-
tract influenced the balance of the contract to the
prejudice of the contractor ? This is the case here.
The profits on this fifth class were necessary to
make the entire contract a profitable contract.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman says that Congress
Ins justified this departure from the contract. If
so, it would be in Mr. Ritchie's favor. But the
truth is, that 112,590 was allowed and paid during
the recess of Congress.
Mr. McLANE. It was done under an order of
Congress.
Mr. ORR. It was not ordered to be printed
until after the adjournment of the Thirtieth Con-
gress, and by the Senate alone.
Mr. McLANE. I am not talking about the
order to print, but about the order authoriting the
Committee on Printing to settle for the printing.
If Congress orders the committee to settle these
accounts, to all intents and purposes Congress
settles these accounts.
Now, sir, I want next to inquire of the gentle-
man what deduction in the prices of 1819. would
be a fair contract. The honorable gentleman from
South Carolina said here, that it was very difficult
to get at the value of this work, as compared with
the prices of 1819. But that gentleman very well
knows that thpse prices were very exorbitant, and
lie draws a comparison between the difference in
the cost of printing then and now. He knows
that there is no comparison to be made between
the work as then performed and now. Let me ask
the gentleman from South Carolina, who I believe
has had some experience as a printer, and who is
therefore right in taking to himself, to some degree,
superior knowledge on this subject,—I ask him
whether he cannot fix this sum; whether he can-
not tell this House what deduction on the rates of
1819 will pay Mr. Ritchie for the work he has
done.
Mr. ORR. I cannot claim the honor of bang
* practical printer. My only connection with
printing has been as the editor of a country news-
paper. In reply, however, to my friend from
Maryland, I will say, that from what calculations
I have been enabled to make of the printing
that has been executed by Mr. Ritchie, I think
that sixty per cent, from the price of 1819 would
about make Mr. Ritchie whole, or perhaps give
him from $1,000 to $5,000 profits.
Mr. McLANE. 1 ask the attention of the
House to that point. The gentleman from South
Carolina says that the prices of 1819 with sixty
per cent, oil, will about pay Mr. Ritchie for the
work which he has done. Now, Mr. John C.
Rives is a printer, and a good printer too, and
an intelligent, enterprising printer, not of a coun-
try newspaper, but of the great Globe itself. He
has been a public printer, and he is a Congres-
sional printer. Well, 1 know he thinks that forty-
five per cent, off the prices of 1819, if for long
numbers, and thirty-three and a half if for short
numbers, would make a fair and good contract.
His testimony in regard to other points of this
case has been referred to by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Moskheao.] I speak of what I
know to be his general opinions on that subject.
Mr. ORR. With the permission of the gentle-
man from Maryland, 1 will Explain my sentiments
more fully, as he seems to take issue upon the
opinions which 1 have advanced.* When W endell
& Van Benthuysen executed the printing for the
last Congress, they lost money. VVell, Wendell
said on oath before the committee, that if Con-
gress would allow him the prices of 1819, deducting
fifty-six per cent., it would make him whole.
Now, I calculated that Mr. Ritchie can do the
work for leas, and in that way I come to the con-
clusion that Mfc Ritchie would be made whole by
sixty per cent, off the prices of 1819. Mr. Wen-
dell's testimony is worth more than Mr. Rives's,
because he has recently passed through the ordeal.
Mr. McLANE. I am not talking about the
printing done by Wendell & Van Benthuysen.
The gentleman from South Carolina will not
surely say, that the printing done by them will at
all conimre with the present printing. He will
not surely say, in the face of this House, that the
printing done by them will at all compare with
the printing done by Thomas Ritchie. Sir, the
gentleman should not give us what Mr. Rives or
anybody else may testify as to Mr. Van Benthuy-
sen's profits. Let him give us testimony as to
what will be Mr. Ritchie s profits.
The gentlemen from Mississippi and Kentucky
[Messrs. McWillie and Morehead] think that
fifty per cent, off the rates of 1819 would be a fair
price. Suppose, then, that the gentleman comes
between forty-five and sixty, and offers us fifty, or
fifty-two, or fifty-five; that will be a fair, honor-
able, equitable adjustment of this question, and he
shall have my vote with pleasure. I am prepared
to go with the intelligent gentlemen from Missis-
sippi and Kentucky m voting for fifty per cent, off
the rates of 1819. Mr. Rives thinks that forty-
five per cent, off would make a good and fair
contract, and the gentleman from South Carolina
thinks that sixty per cent, off would make a safe
and not a losing contract. Let us, then, take
forty-five or fifty per cent, off the rates of 1819.
I will vote with the gentleman for either. I seek
no profits for Mr. Ritchie. The gentleman from
South Carolina participated in the violation of the
contract. He authorized the Committee on Print-
ing to settle the account and set aside the contract,
and I challenge him now to come forward and
make a just settlement and allow a fair price for
the work. He should not come forward here ar-
bitrarily and say that sixty per cent, off the rates
of 1819 will make a fair contract and to hold us to
sixty. Let us give a little and take a little.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will not charge
me with thrusting my opinions upon the House
arbitrarily 1 expressed my opinion involuntarily
at his request, and in reply to an interrogatory he
propounded to me.
Mr. McLANE. I hope when the honorable
gentleman comes to vote upon this subject, that he
will not stand rigidly upon his own view that
sixty per cent, on the rates of 1819 is a fair esti-
mate. I hope we shall cast aside honest and in-
telligent differences of opinion amongst us. I
hope that when he finds that other practical
printers and editors are in favor of forty-five per
cent, reduction, as a fair contract price, that the
gentleman from South Carolina, who thinks sixty
per cent., and the gentleman from Kentucky, who
thinks that fifty per cent, are fair reductions,
that they will come between, and then we shall
meet the question on terms of equity. And thus,
and thus only, do I believe that we shall meet
this question on terms of equity. The gentleman
from South Carolina, unless he adopts this course,
cannot escape from.the imputation that he has
driven the printer from his contract, and leaves
him to rely upon saving himself from bankrutpcy
by the sum of money that he gave him at his own
arbitrary discretion when he violated the contract.
These are the facts of the case, and they deserve,
and I trust will receive, the consideration of the
House.
I have already remarked upon the inconsistency
in the arguments made by my friend from South
Carolina, that this was an attempt on the part of
Mr. Ritchie to break down the contract system.
It was idle to say that the contract was taken at
riAious prices to break down the contract system,
and then come here with a declaration that the
contract was profitable. Now that imputation
was cast upon Mr. Ritchie, and I appeal to the
honorable gentleman that if the contract were prof-
itable in the opinion of the parties making that
charge, it would be absurd of them to suppose
that lie was taking it to break down the contract
system. And if we would believe that statement
emanating from a member of the committee, how
can we tolerate a statement' emanating from the
same committee, that seeks to make us believe
that the contr&ct is now a profitable one ? Now,
the gentleman from South Carolina stated that we
were destitute of practical knowledge upon this
subject. Then we are very unfortunate, for we
must rely upon our two committees. But to se-
turn to the point I was discussing, would it not,
I ask again, be absurd to suppose that this was an
attempt to break up the contract system, if it were
a profitable contract? If we do not think it a
profitable contract, if we think that it really is an
attempt to break up the contract system, we can-
not respect the judgment of these same parties
when they allege that it is profitable. Such would
not be an intelligent mode of forming an opinion.
When the honorable gentleman tells me that the
contract is.a fair and paying one, I do not believe
it; and I do not believe it because my own judg-
ment and his testimony satisfy me that he has not
come to a wise judgment. And, sir, I cannot say
more upon the views presented in favor of the
postponement of the question, inasmuch as the
honorable gentleman who made the motion as-
sumes that there is a difference of opinion between
the committees. Now, sir, there is a concurrence
of opinion, so far as the committees have ex-
pressed any opinion at all. The Committee on
Printing express the opinion that fifty per cent, off
the prices of 1819, and we have it from an intelli-
gent member of the special committee that sixty
per cent, off these rates, is a fair price. Now, "I
want the gentleman from South Carolina to tell
the House how much the present contract prices
are off the prices of 1819.
A Member. 1 think they are seventy or eighty
per cent, off those prices.
Mr. McLANE. The honorable gentleman has
said that sixty per cent, off the prices of 1819
would just about pay the printer. Now, I want
him to state to the House how much he believes
the present prices to be off the rates of 1819—sixty
or seventy per cent.?
Mr. ORR.. I am hardly prepared to answer the
question which the gentleman has propounded to
me. It is very much a matter of speculation with
me, for I have made no calculations with reference
to that point. My impression is, that the present
rate is about sixty-five per cent, off the prices of
1819.
Mr. McLANE. Very well. Then the gentle-
man thinks that the loss of the public printer will
rest between sixty and sixty-five per cent, off the
prices of 1819. Therefore a loss is admitted by
both committees. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. McWii.lie] thinks that fifty per cent,
off the rates of 1819 would cover the loss. Mr.
Orr thinks sixty per cent. I can tell them that
the present contract prices are about eighty per
cent, off the prices of 1819, as construed by the
Committee on Printing. I believe my friend from
South Carolina when he says that he does not
want the public printer to be ruined; that he does
not want any settlement, other than a settlement
according to the principles of equity. Well, the
gentleman has set the contract aside, he has vio-
lated file contract. That is not now the rule of
settlement. The principles of equity are all'that
are left. Now, on his own sjiowing, sixty per
