1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
691
tp our buses for printing for the last Conpen, and that, in
(miking up the contract system, the printing for the De-
partments would also be broken up, and Gideon, of th*
Republic, could in that way get rid ot his contracts, and be
restored to tb  nld system, and this inducement would keep
him still, and induce him to fo with us."
" I have conversed with Trenhohn ainee Ah committee
was appointed, umI he stated that he hoped the investiga-
tton would result in breaking up the contract system."
What an expos? is this? What a condition of
things, sir, to call forth the legislation upon which
we are about to enter? And 1 appeal to mem-
bers of this House and to the country, to know
whether, having been a member of the committee
before which such (acts were elicited, it did not
become me—inasmuch as time was not allowed to
bring this /act to the attention ofevery member of
the House—I repeat, did it not become me to say
that I believed that this, contract had been taken
without a bona Jide intent to cdrry it out? Whytj
Mr. Speaker, this little volume is replete with evi-
dence tending to the same point. I will not detain
the House by reading Mr. Truman Smith's testi-
taony. But I will call the attention of the House
And the country to the testimony of Mr. Seaton
upon the same subject. Mr. Seaton and Mr.
Ritchie had an interview, and Mr. Seaton swears:
"Mr. Trenholm stated that it was impossible for them to
carry out Ihe contract at the contract prices without rainous
lows, and ha wished to know, if Congress would relieve
them, and would place the hnsiness on a different footing,
whether we would agree to execute a part of it m conjunc-
tion with the contractors, or with Mr. Ritchie, who (he
gave ne to understand) was the responsible man."
Now, I ask the members of this House, if it
requires any arithmetic for the purpose of show-
ing whether Mr. Ritchie intended to get rid of the
contract by the mode in which Mr. Trenholm
■aid that he intended to get rid of it? The idea of
a conference out of doors between the editor of a
Whig paper and the editor of a Democratic paper,
and of their arranging how the legislation of this
country shall be conducted—the idea of their con-
ferring with their friend* upon the other side of;
this House, with an intent to force a position, or
to command a position, on the introduction of
resolutions exactly carrying out their views—cal-
culating, in their printing offices, to break dowa
the law of the country, in order that they My get
more profit by altering the baas on which they
are paid—I say it would be derogatory to the
character and the dignity of this tribunal that such
things should ever be carried out here.
Mr. Seaton Swears:
'■ Mr. Hitcbie asked me if I wtruld confer with my friends
in Congress, and see if the arrangement which would suit
me could be effected, which T agreed to do. It was under-
stood, of course, that he should confer with his. The idea
was, that Mr. Ritchie was to be released from tfte contracts
by Coagresf, aad our conversation wu based upon the pre-
dicate that be could be released. I will do Mr. Kitchie the
justice V> say that 1 understood that be would sacrifice his
entire property in an attempt to perform the contract, rather
than abandon it ^together, and confess his inability to ex-
ecute it; but whether this understanding was derived from
Mr. Ritchie or Mr. Trenholm, I canpot say. I do not know
Mr. Belt, and never heard of him as a proprietor of any
establishment in this city, t agreed to take any part of the
work I could execute at the prices of 1819, with adedncthm
therefrom of twenty per cent,, and I advised Mr. Ritchie, as
weB as the chairman of the committees. I have recently
agreed, in onler to relieve Mr. Ritchie from what He stated
to be impending rain, to take (he work at thirty-thfee and a
third per cent, discount below the prices of 1819."
There is an offer of a generous political opponent
for you, that he would invest his money to an un-
limited extent in order to save Mr. Ritchie from
impending ruin, an offer to do the work at thirty-
three and one third per cent, less than he thought
the work could be done for.
The first struggle, as we all know here, was to
get twenty per cent, off the prices of 1819. The
next struggle was to get thirty-three and one third
per ernt. off those rates. Now they come in with >
an offer to do it at fifty per cent.; and the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. McLane] thank* the
gentleman from South Carolina for admitting that
M can be done at sixty per cent, off the prices of
1819. So it goes. And I believe that if you would
agree to pass a resolution here that ninety-five pet
cent, below the price of 1819 would be allowed,
that the Meets of these persons Would be aecom- >
plished. What is that object? To break this
system np by which the public printing is let to the
contractors, and establishing the prices of 1819 as
the system by which we are to be governed. I
impute no more to those men, than is imputed to
them by their sin testimony.
Again, Mr. Seaton swears: j
"I *Mt Mr. TRtMa Mtf (b« Hepttbilc would fcavft,!
| or expected, agaoddeal of work from the Executive De-
IJ partinenu, and would not interfere with the Congress work.
, The idea was conveyed, that if Congress passed any law or
1 resolution fixing prices, that if would comprehend Execa-
tive printing as well as Congress printing. I heard nothing
1 of any influence to be used by the Republic with Congress.
The idea was only that the Republic would not interfere."
The idea was that the Republic would not in-
terfere! The Republic has the departmental print-
ing; Mr. Rilchie the printing for Congress. Gales
& Seaton are willing to take a part of the work,
and if their friends in Congress could not be in-
duced to vote down the whole system—to abrogate
the law—then Gales & Seaton will take it at
twenty per cent., or rather than see Mr. Ritchie
ruined, they will take it at thirty-three and a third
percent, discount from the prices of 1819! But
now they have induced our Committee on Public
f Printing to believe that justice will be meted out
to them if it is done at fifty per cent, below the
prices of 1819. All they want is to get rid of the
contract system.
Here is Mr. Kennedy, superintendent of the
census, who swears that work for which he con-
tracted to give $4 per ream to the same contractors,
they solicited liberty to execute at twenty-five
cents per ream:
"The contractors were to bave ten dollars a ream for the
blanks, and to print them on paper costing six dollars. The
printing was to be four dollar* for each ream. Witness
went to different offices, and inquired their prices for the
work, at the same time describing it.
" Witness weni to the Union office, and Wis introduced
to the foreaiaa, whose tame he thinks wm Trenholm. This
person told witness he did the public inviting for Congress.
Witness has seen him several times since at the desk at the
Union office, and believes he is the satae person who trans-
acts the business ot that office. This pertan offered to
the printing/or twenty-five cent$ a ream, and appeared very
anxvmt to take it at thatrate.ii
Thus you see he was willing to gifie £4 ptfr
ream to have the work properly ddne, arid these
contrgctgrs offer to do it at twenty-five cents per
ream, at the same time that they are memorializing
Congress to let them off from a ruinous job.
What is the intent? Why it is no more nor leas
than to get the whole public printing into their
hands, in order that the Democratic party may
relieve them.
Mr. M., without concluding, ga*e way to
Mr. CROWEL.L, oa whose motioa
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, fee.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
, finder the rule, and referred to Appropriate committees:
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of 106 citizens of 1
Dearborn county, Indiana, praying Congress td take under
consideration the propriety of eblftrgfag the Lootevifte and
Portland Canal.
Alfo, the petition of citizens of the city of Laurence bun?,
praying for the removal of obstructions to the free naviga- i
tton around the falls in the Oljio river.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: Two several petitions from i
L. Homes and 130, and 133 citizens of Columbiana county, |
Ohio, for a repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Amos tVilTtams and 1
do others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
modify the tariff of 1845.
By Mr. ROBBItfS: The petition of fffaltby Baker, H. :
E. Gray, and 4fi others, citizens of Pennsylvania, request-
( ing a modification of the bounty tsnd act of September 98th,
1850. so as to give to the soldiers of the various wars of this |
Republic the same amount of land as was given to the sol- j
fliers who served in the late war with Mexico, one htindred
and sixty acres.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 104 eittzens of Lev-
erett, in the State of Massachusetts, prayiBg the repeal of
the fugitive slave law of the Just session.
Also, the petition of $4 citizens of Nrtrrfi Adams, in the
same State, praying the fame. <
Also, the petition of the religious society of Anti-slavery
Friends in fodiana, praying Congress to take immediate !
measures for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. i
Also, the petition^Wizens of Wavtae county, frrvakl
State, praying the repeal of the fugitive tlave law passed at
the last session.
FN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 12, 1851.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department ef
Was, transmitting, in compliance with a resola-
tioirof the Senate of the 13th Deeetnber, 1850,
sixty-two copies of the official Army Register for
January, 1851; which was read.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, inclosing copies of the proceedings of the
eourt-rftartial field at Little Rock, in the State of
Arkansas, for the trial of David Butler, late mil-
itary storekeeper, together with copies of all cor-
respondence held with the Department <iB relation
thereto, in compliance with a revolution of th*
Senate adopted the 37th ultimo; which,
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, was ordered to
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate calling for information as to what addi-
tional rooms, if any, be required for the accom-
modation of the Patent Office for the proper ex-
hibition of the models, dec. ;and whether or not the
rooms now occupied by the national cabinet of cu-
riosities, together with the entire east wing now
in process of construction, are needed for the pur-
poses of the Patent Office. The Secretary says
he referred the Bubject to the Commissioner of
Patents, with instructions to report his opinion
oa the points embraced, with a view to obtain all
the information necessary to enable the Senate to
act intelligently in regard to it. The report of the
, Commissioner was transmitted on the 4th instant.
That report expresses the opinion that were the
upper room and its cases restored to the office for
the reception of its models, and the space now oc-
cupied by the models converted into rooms, there
would be sufficient space for the immediate wants
of the office; but if the museum is to remain where
it is, then certainly the whole of the upper floor
of the new wing will be required for the models
now in the office. The Commissioner also ex-
presses his belief that, in view of the rapidly-in-
creasing business of the office, the present build-
ing will be wholly insufficient.for the purposes of
his bureau in three or four'years, if not sooner.
The Secretary of the Interior, from the best con-
sideration he has been able to give the subject,
advances the opinion that but a small portion of
the east wing will be required for the immediate
wants of the Patent Office, and that the residue can
; with great propriety be used for the accommoda-
tion of the Department of the Interior proper and
the Indian Office.
Mr. WALKER. The communication just read
s in answer to a resolution introduced by myself.
! I desire to have it printed for th« use of the Sen-
; ate, but wish to examine it before I make the mo-
tion to print.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Why not have it
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings ?
Mr. WALKER. Not bow; let it lie on the
table until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of Joseph
Bryan and George N. Sanders, asking that a con-
tract ftiay be entered into with them for the estab-
lishment of a line of war steamers to the coast of
Africa and Southern Europe, for the purpose of
carrying the mails, promoting commerce, the col-
onization of free negroes, and the suppression of
the slave trade.
Also, a memorial front the clerks employed in
the post office in the city of New Orleans, setting
forth the inadequacy of their Salaries, land asking
, that they may be increased; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. UPHAM. I desirfe to presefit a memorM
of similar import from the Same srweft, in which
they Say that, under the circular of the Postmas-
ter General of the 4th of September, 1850, theit
labors in the mailing and registering departments
have increased threefold, while their Compensa-
tion has been decreasing, owing to the commission
on letter postage being lessened, which lessons in
, proportion their salaries. They ask Congress to
take their case into consideration and legislate con-
tingently and protectively in behalf of themselves
and their colleagues at their offices. I move that
| the reading of the petition be dispensed with, and
that it be referred to the Committee oh the Post
Office and Post Roads.
i Which motion Was agreed to,
Mr. DAWSON. I have'likewise received *
memorial from the same quarter, and m relation
to the same subject. I have also hftd my atten-
tion called to the matter by several very press-
ing letters. I visited the Department in this city
in relation to this business, and had a conversa-
tion with the Auditor of the Treasury, who gavs
it as his opinion that the salaries were entirely in-
adequate to the labors performed by this very
meritorious and industrious class of officers. I
move to refer this memorial to the Committee on
1 the Post Ofiee and Post Roads, and «all theit
