THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 13,
of these persons to procure their pay, up to July,
at the time these parties were examined before the
Committee, there had been no application what-
ever for the pay.
Air Dickins says:
"Mr. A. Dickins, being nw«. revs: I am Secretary of
the dermic. Alt money paid by tba Senate psoas through
ray hand*.
" The chairman having read k ctaute from the petition of
WiHiam M. Belt to both Houses of Congress, wherein he
•eta forth, as aa excuse for delaying the work, that he could
have received do money until the passage of Hie deficiency
" Mr. Dickens said : Since the passage of the deficiency
bill Belt has applied for no money. None of the contract-
ors for printing have applied for money, nor have they pre-
sented any bill-s. There is money in the contingent fund of
the Senate, and hiKbeen ever since the passage ot" the de-
ficiency bill—sufficient, I suppose, to pay the printers."
And yet these men pretend that they could not
go on with this contract for want of their pay,
while at the same time they went for months with-
out making any application for it. Mr. Robb's
testimony, (the pay-clerk of the House,) given be-
fore the same committee, is exactly the same. He
" Mr. Robb was sworn. I arm the pay-clerk of the House
of Representatives. I have paid out no money for public
printing. I have net been a«ked to pay any. I do not
know that they have presented any bills. I hare seen none.
" There is money in the contingent fund. Th« deficiency
bill passed nearly two months since. No application has
been made to me for pay for printing since the passage of i
that bill, (the deficiency bin.")
And now I will read the testimony of Colonel j
Mc\Villic, taken also before the same committee, j
and which throws some light upon the same
point  i
Mr. McDONALD (interposing.) I wish to 1
ask the gentleman from Kentucky, whether the
Congressional printing is paid for out of the con- ,
tingent fund of the House? I understand that the
statement which he has read is from the pay-clerk
of the House, charged with the contingent fund
under the Clerk of the House. Now, I want to
understand whether any Congressional printing is
paid for out Qf that fund?
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand that afl the :
Congressional printing is paid for out of the con-
tingent fund.
Mr. McDONALD. Wo, not a dollar of it.
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir; I understand
that it is all paid out of the contingent fund. But
if the gentleman rises for the purpose of asking
me a question to answer it himself, he might have
spared the interruption.
I now proceed, sir, to read from the testimony
<Sf Colofiel McWillie. He says:
rc The committee have made no calculation as to the cost
of amy work delivered, as no contractor has rendered an
account requiring the calculation. Witness heard Mr.
Borland request Mr. Ritchie to bring in the accounts far
printing, that the calculation of the cost might be made.
Heard no reply that la remembered, as witness left them in
the midst of the conversation. Mr. Rildlrre manifested an
iadisposttien then to bring them in."
Mr. Ritchie manifested an indisposition to pre- j
Sent this account in order that the calculation of \
tlie cost might be made. So, theB, while these i
contractors pretend, and while my colleague [Mr.
Morkhsab] repeat*, m a consideration which
should be urged before this House, to induce us
to grant the relief whieh is prayed for in this case, ;
that the contractors were unable to get their pay,
we find that after the money was supplied there !
was no application, and that the committee, when j
they called for calculations, were met by a manifest! I
reluctance to make the necessary estimate. 1j
Now, Mr. Speaker, while I protest against the :
admission of the doctrine, bb a guide for our pub- j
lie conduct, which is laid down by the gentleman !
from Maryland, [Mr. McLawi,] and by those 1
who would indemnify a public employee In the
nature of a contractor for any loss that may occur
to him—I say, while I protest tfgainst that doctrine
as a guide to our public conduct, yet, admitting
its soundness for a moment, I present another
proposition: that if we have to indemnify him
against Joss, in order to measure the extent of the
indemnity we must know the amount of the hiss.
But we are told 'here, when we attempt to ascer-
tain the loss, that no paper calculations will do. I
^11 tell you why it will n<Jt do Because this is a
bare-f ictd attempt to pension the Union newspaper
upon the Treasury of the United Statu. That is the
reason why paper calculations will not do. We
are told here that the accounts of the newspaper
ana the accounts of the public printing are so con- if
fused that you cannot separate them. And when |
the gentlemen on this side of the House vote for 1
this bill, or rather for these resolutions, I want i
. them to go before their Whig constituencies who ,
sent them here, ar.d tell them that they are par- j
ticevs in a transaction of this sort. 1
A Voice. The Whig party is disbanded. |
Mr. MARSHALL. I am told that the Whig
party is disbanded. Well, then, let them go be-
fore their Union constituncy and tell them that
the first act of the Union party is this pensioning
of a party newspaper upon the Treasury. What
is there to give complicity to this transaction that
we cannat ascertain the loss?
My colleague has taken the trouble to investi-
gate the amount of work done by the public print-
ers, the number of volumes, and the number of
pages. Now, these pages are printed in small ;
pica, in bourgeois, in brevier, or in minion type; ,
and the rates for all these various types are speci-
fied. You cannot find a single foreman of a print-
ing office in this city who cannot tell you, accord-
ing to any scale of rates you may choose to fix,
whether it be that of the Typographical Society ,
or that of the basis of 1819, or any arbitrary rate :
we might choose to determine,—I repeat, that
there is not a foreman in any printing omce in this
city who could not calculate the cost of this work. ;
I can myself make such calculations. I have made
such calcuIatTbns, and I beTieve their correctness
has never been disputed. I made a calculation of
the effect of this resolution on the compensation i
paid for the Patent Office report. If this resolution i
pass, I find that Mr. Ritchie will get $33,000 i
more than he would be allowed under the contract. '
This sum on a single work! Upon the first part
of the President's mgssage he would get some-
where about $11,000. By the time that we have
calculated the twenty-five millions of pages that
my colleague says the public printers have printed,
there is no knowing what might be the amount of
pay that Mr. Ritchie would get over the prices 1
fixed by the contract.
The committee of which I was a member, Mr.
Speaker, ascertained a great" .many of the ele-
ments of cost. We know exactly how many
presses there are employed in the Union office,
how many men are employed in press-work, and
how mucn money is paid to each man forhis work.
We know how much, also, is paid for the work
of the compositor; how >mueh they pay for the
paper, for the ink; the allowance charged for the
wear and tear of the presses, &c.; and, excepting
the rents paid for the building, there is not on ac-
countant who could not take the data of which we
are in possession, and make an exact calculation
of the amount of the losses. Whether the work-
men are paid by the " piece,'' as it is called, or by
the amount of work done, at the rates fixed by the ,
Typographical Society, it matters not; we still •
can tell the amount of money paid for work, how
much, on an average, every journeyman composi-
tor will earn, either by the week or by the day. I
say that we have all the facts necessary to make
a calculation as to the amount of losses, and surely j
the contractor must, frt least, be able to tiffl the '
amount of his losses. If we commence by allow- !
ing this contractor compensation for losses he has
not sustained, no man knows where it will end.
I had a letter placed in my hands this morning,
ffom owe of the public contractors—a gentleman
with whom I am altogether unacquainted—and in
this .letter he remonstrates against makit^ wi ex- ;
ceptional allowance to Mr. Ritehie, unless there
be an allowance to all the public printers. It is a ,
letter from John T. Towers, and he states that he j
has performed liis contract faithfully and diligent-
ly; that there has been no complaint made, and j
that the rates Mr. Ritehie has oeen allowed, are j
already above those allowed to him.
Several Members. Let the Clerk read that
letter.
The then read the fetter, as follows:
Wi«*i o-ro«. FtbtuAry 13,1861.
Be*! Sir : I perceive by the proceedings of 0m House
of Representatives of yesterday, that the Committee on
Printing have proposed to compensate William M. Belt,
the contractor for the second, fourth, and fifth classes of
the printing of the present Congress, (Thorn*! Ritchie be-
ing Ihe ottcnrlUe contractor.) at pnaes above those provi-
ded tor by his contract. Why this invidious discrimination
should be made in hi* behalf, I can see no reason or jus-
tice. " Equal justice to all, and special favor  to none,"
should be the ground-work of every togifijative act, es-
pecially under a Government whose principle* recognise
no difference in the position of its citizens, ezeept that
based on merit. I therefore respectfully ask that you will
do the justice to aid in preventing any discrimination be-
tween the pay which Mr. Ritchie is to receive and that of
the contractors for the other classes of printing for the same
Congress.
I am the contractor for the first class of the printin" for
the present Congress, consisting of the bills and joint reso-
lutions—probably not over five pur cent, of the whole
amount of printing—and claim to have faithfully fulfilled
my contract, both as to the quality of the work, and the expe-
dition with which it was required, and at a less proportional
Krice, compared with the prices of 1819, than Mr. Ritchie
as already received by his contract.
That I have " satisfactorily executed all my engagements
under the contract," and "with all possible dispatch," I
respectftilly refer to the report of the printing investigating
committee of last session, and to the officers of the two
Houses of Congress; and, indeed, to the members them-
selves, for whose special use this class of printing is de-
signed. For these reasons, I ask that no discrimination be
made.
With this I send you a copy of the report of the investi-
gating committee, which you will please take care of until
called for. Very respectfully, yours, &c.,
Hon. H. Marshall. JOHN T. TOWERS.
When we commence this system of indemnity
against the losses of our public printers, how are
we to tell where we are to stop? Why shall we
not extend the practice to contracts in the Post Of-
fice Department? Why not to contracts in the
Navy Department? Why should not we extend
the practice to indemnifying for losses that have
occurred by an act of Providence, or from unavoid-
able accident to any of our public contractors ? I
say that there is no end to this practice, if we
once admit the doctrine. There will be no end to
, the drafts that will be made upon the Treasury of
this country.
I tell gentlemen who say that the opposition to
this resolution arises from considerations apart
1 from the facts, that I oppose it because I do not be-
lieve that Mr. Ritchie is entitled to relief. I say,
independently of the manner in which this party
got the contract, that I oppose this resolution be-
cause I consider the contract was obtained for the
purpose of breaking up the contract system.
I said yesterday, and I repeat it again, that the
object of these parties will be gained, whether you
revert to the basis of 1819, or put the contract down
| at a reduction of ninety-five per cent, on the rates
of 1819. They want to force you to change the
law, not by openly repealing it, but by passing an
act utterly inconsistent with it. They cannot
come before this House, and the country, to ask
us, and we cannot go before the country and jus-
tify ourselves if we change the system. We can-
not do this i#^en an individual conies here with
his ease, and it is shown by indisputable testi-
mony that he is attempting to break through th«
law by the force of our party predilections.
For myself 1 have never known the moment
that I would not have agreed to let these people
off from their eontraet. I said during the last
night of the last session of Congress, that if this
contract would involve these people in a serious
loss, and they desired to be relieved from the fur-
ther performance of it, that I was willing to ex-
tend that relief to them by at once releasing them
and their securities fresn any further performance
of their contract. But die question now is, wheth-
er we shall indemnify them against loss. Ad-
mitting that they have sustained losses, the ques-
tion is, Shall we break through the law, shall we
change the basis of the law—the custom of the
Government—by saying to these men that all
the work that has been done shall be paid for at
rates fifty per cent, off those fixed by the law of
1819 ? All that these parties want is, that Con-
gress shall return to the law of 1819; and before
another Congress shall have passed over our head*
they will be to the armpits in the Treasury.
I draw no distinction between the editor of •
Whie paper and a Democratic editor, for I believe
that they have all been involved in the desire to
abrogate these contracts, with a view of breaking
down the economical system which is practiced
by the Government.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (inter-
posing.) I understand the gentleman to say that
these printers have never shown any disposition
to be released from their contract. The gentle-
man will allow me to say that early in February
last these contractors wrote to Senator Bor-
land, chairman of the Senate Committee on Print-
ing, proposing to give up the contract; but Con-
gress took no action on the subject, and on the
9th of August they withdrew their proposition.
They therefore did all they could to relieve them-
selves of the contract.
