THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $] 50 FOR TtflS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1851.
New Series....No. 34.
risen and given notice that that would be the test vote
between the two propositions, thatl was entitled to
the floor. Is the gentleman from Virginia entitled
to make his motions for ever? [Loud cries of
"Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. McMULLEN. 1 rise to a privileged mo-
tion. [Great laughter, and cries of " there are no
privileged motions in committee."] I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. GORMAN called for tellers; which were
ordered, and the question being taken, the tellers
(Messrs. Brick and Harris of Tennessee) re-
ported—ayes 27, noes 100.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. DUER. I now more to take up the river
and harbor bill. [Cries of "Order!" and great
confusion.]
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending.
Mr. DUER. I move, then, to amend the motion
<tf the gentleman from Virginia by substituting the
river and harbor bill for the Military Academy bill.
A Voice. You cannot do it.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairruIes theamend-
ment out of order.
Mr. BAYLY called for tellers on his motion;
and tellers being ordered, Messrs. Haralson and
Mokehead were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 58, noes 87.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DUEK moved to take up the river and har-
bor bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York out of or-
der.
Mr. DUER. From that decision I appeal.
[Great confusion in the Hall.]
The Ci-erk (at the request of the Chairman)
read the 135th rule of the House, as follows:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the bills ehall be taken up ind disposed of in their order on
tile calendar; but when objection is made to the considera-
tion of a bill, a majority of the committee shall decide,
without debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of or laid aside: Provided, The genera] appropriation hills,
and in time of war, hills for raising men or money, and bills
concerning a treaty of peace, shall he preferred to aN other
hills, at the discretion of the committee, and when de-
manded by any member, the question shall first be put in
regard to them."
Mr. McLANE asked for the reading of the 80th
and 81st rules.
The Clerk read the rules, as follow:
Role 80th. " General appropriation bills shall be in order
in preference to any other bills of a public nature, unless
otherwise ordered by a majority of the Honse."
Rule 6M. " No appropriation (ball be reported in such
general appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment
thereto, for any expenditure not previously authorized by
law—September 14, 1837; nnless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are already
in progress, and for the contingencies for carrying on the
several Departments of the Government, March 13th, 1838."
'Mr. DUER. Am I to understand that the ap-
peal is not debatable? ■
The CHAIRMAN. His not.
Mr. DUER. Then I ask for tellers on the ap-
peal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
he rules the motion out of order to take up the
river and barber bill, because it is sot regarded as
one of the general appropriation bills. ]
[Loud cries of "Question!" aad "Tellers'!"
and the greatest confusion.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire of the 1
Chair, whether it was ever discovered not to be a I
general appropriation bill till a few weeks ago?
Never, never. i
[Cri*  of " Orderand laughter.] j
Tellerawere ordered on the appeal; and Messrs. i
Marshall', and Johnson of Arkansas, were ap-
pointed. „
And the question being taken, "Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the j
committee?" the tellers reported—ayes 74, noes ;
103.
8o the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
the committee decided that Mr. Dper's motion
was in order.
34
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being on Mr. Duir'i motion that
the committee proceed to the consideration of the
river and harbor bill,
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, called for
tellers; and they were*ordered. !
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, again moved
that the committee rise; and asked for tellers on
the motion. '
Mr. DUER. That motion is not in order. A
motion to rise has just been rpade and negatived,
and nothing has intervened.
Mr. ORR. Yes; tellers have been ordered.
The CHAIRMAN. Since the motion was made
to rise, tellers have been ordered on the motion of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Doer.]
Tellers were then ordered on the motion to rise; !
and Messrs. Kmc, of New Jersey, and Feath- !
erston were appointed as the tellers, and took
their places.
Mr. DUER rose to a point of order. A mo-
tion to rise had just been made and rejected, and
another motion had intervened and had not yet
been put to the committee. The motion to rise
was made while the committes was dividing on
another question.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN (who was heard With dif- i
ficulty amidst the confusion that prevailed) over- !
ruled the point of order raised by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. DUER. Then motions to rise may be made
forever. I appeal from the decision of the Chair, j
A Member. Oh no! we can easily vote down ]
the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. DUER. No, sir, I will not appeal.
The question was then taken on the motion that
the committee rise, and the tellers reported—ayes
21, noes 103.
So the committee refiised to rise.
The question recurred on the motion to take up
the river and harbor bill; on which motion tellers
had been ordered.
Messrs. CoRwiKand Hamilton were appointed
tellers; and the question being taken, the tellers
reported—ayes 109, noes 9. !
So the river and harbor bill was taken up for con-
sideration.
RrVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, suggested that
the reading of the bill in full should be dispensed
with. " !
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected, j
Mr. HARALSON moved that the committee
rise. Gentlemen had succeeded in getting the bill ,
taken up, and he supposed that was aU they wanted.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS asked if the bill had been printed?
He had been unable to procure a copy of it, and
understood that there were none to be had. !
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill had been :
printed.
The Clerk then read the bill, as follows: [
A BILL making appropriations for the improvement of cer-
tain harbors and rivers.
Jto it enacted hy the Senate and House of Rfpre tentatives
of tk  United States of America in Congress assembled,
That a sum of money be, aad the same is hereby appropria-
ted, to be paid out ofany unappropriated money in the Treas-
ury sufBcient for the following purposes, viz:
Tor a breakwater structure at the harbor at Burlington,
pftLake Champlain, $15,000. ' ]
For a breakwater structure at (he harbor at Flattsburg, i
on Lake Champlain, $15,000. I!
For the improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on 1
Lake Champlain, $10,000.
For repairs aad working of dredge on Lake Champlain,
t Milvvaukic, on Lake
'or improvement of the harbor at Fort Ontario, on Lake
Ontario, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at OsWeeo, on Lake i!
Ontario, $40,000. I
For the improvement of the harbor at the month of Big
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, #10,000.
For the improvement of theharbor at the month of Little
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Oak
Orchard Bay, on Lake Ontario, #10,500.
For a dredge boat on Lake Ontario, $90,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Bufihlo, on Lake
Erie^d the repair and extension of the sea wall thereat,
For the improvement of the harbor at Dunkirk, on Lake
Eric, $90,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cattarauius. on
Lake E#c, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Erie, on Lake Erie,
$40,000. '
For the improvement of the harber at Cowneaut, on Lake
Ene, $15,000.
For the improvement of the barbocat Cunningham's Bav,
on Lake Eric, $10,000. •
For the improvement of the harbor at Ashtabula, $15,000.
For the improvement of theharbor at the mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cleveland, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of theharbor at the mouth of Ver-
million river, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Huron, on Lake
Erie, §6,000. ^
For the improvement of the harbor at Sandusky, on Lake
Ene, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Monroe, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For a dredge boat for Lake Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Michigan City, on
Lake Michigan, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Chicago, on Lake
Michigan, $15,000.
For a breakwater structure at the harbor of Waukegan,
on Lake Michigan, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Joseph, on Lake
Michigan, $90,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Kalamazoo river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000.
Forthe improvement ofthe harbor atM
Michigan, $90,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Racine, on Lake
Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of theharbor at South port, on Lake
Michigan, $15,000.
For a dredge boat en Lake Michigan, $90,000.
For continuation of the surveys of the northern and north-
western Lakes, $25,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, $-20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Louis, on the
Mississippi river, $>0,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Havre de Grace, in
Maryland, $90,000.
For a breakwater structure at Great Point, Nantucket,
Massachusetts, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor" at New Bedford,
Massachusetts, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Provincetown.
Massachusetts, $4,500.
For the improvement of the harbor at Wilmington, North
Carolina, and a resurvey of the Capo Fear river below
Wilmington, and for the survey of theliarbor at the mouth
of New river, below Jacksonville, North Carolina, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Bridgeport. Con-
necticut, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Savannah, and
the naval anchorage near Fort Pulaski, $50,000.
For the construction of a breakwater structure at Stam-
ford Ledge, in the harbor at Portland, Maine, $90,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Falmouth, Massa-
chusetts, between Buzzard's Bay and Vinyard Sound.
$4,500.
For the improvement of the harbor at Providence, and
the removal of a rock in Sauknnnet river, Rhode Island,
$5,000.
For the improvement ofthe harhor at New Castle, Dela-
ware, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Newark, New Jer-
sey, embracing the Bay of Newark, and the Kills west-
ward ofthe mouth ofthe Bay, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Port Penn, Dela-
ware, or Reedy Island, at the discretion of the Secretary
of War, $5,000.
For the completing of the removal of the sand shoal in
Pamlico river, below Washington, North Carolina, $5,000.
For the continuation? of the Delaware breakwater,
$50,000.
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor at
Baltimore City, below the Port Warden's line, and the
Patapsco river, from the said Port Warden's line to the
month of said river, $20,000.
For the repair and preservation of the harbors on the coast
of the Atlantic ocean, $90,000.
For the removal of obstructions to the navigation of the
Hudson river, above and below Albany, $75,000.
For the removal of the obstructions to the navigation of
the St. Clair river, connecting the upper and lower Lakes,
$40,000.
For the improvement of the Ohio river above the Fails at
Louisville, .*80,000.
For the improvement of the Mississippi river, the Ohio
