1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
Also, from the same committee, to which was |
referred the petition of Francis E. Baden, submit- i
ted a report in writing, which was ordered to be
printed, accompauiea by a bill for her relief,
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Davis Tucker, a soldier in
the last ■war with Great Britain, asking arrears of
pension, submitted a report in writing, which was
ordered to be printed, adverse to the prayer of the
petitioner.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Asenath M. Elliot, widow
of Captain E. G. EHiot, of the United States
Army, asking a pension, submitted a report in
writing, which was ordered to be printed, adverse
to the prayer of the petitioner.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Emily C. B. Thompson,
widow of Commodore Charles Thompson, de-
ceased, asking that her pension may be increased I
and continued during her life, submitted a report
in writing, which was ordered to be printed, ad-
verse to the prayer of the petitioner. •
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of citizens and seamen of ,
Philadelphia, asking that bounty land and extra
pay may be granted to the seamen of the Navy who
were engaged in the war with Mexico, submitted
a report in writing, which was ordered to be
printed, adverse to the prayer of the petitioner.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
AfTairs, to which was referred House bill No.
262, for the. relief of Eli Darling, reported back
the same without amendment.
ICE BOAT TO ACQUIA CREEK.
Mr. RUSK, in pursuance of notice, asked and [
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to contract for ;
an ice-boat for the conveyance of the United States 1
mail from Washington to Aquia Creek; which ■'
was read and passed to a second reading and or- ■
dered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BENTON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to make good to the j
State of Missouri the two per centum on the net
proceeds of the public lands.
Mr. BELL gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United States;" approved
March 3, 1849.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to :
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the ac-
knowledgment of written agreements.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED. !
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Hale, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and propriety of put-
ting the compensation of chaplains in the Navy on the same
fooling as that of surgeons, or increasing the same on some
other basis; and if said committee shall be of opinion that
said compensation shall be increased, that they prepare a
bill or propose some amendment of some bill to carry the ■
same. - i
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
The engrossed joint resolution authorizing the
President to confer the title of lieutenant general by
brevet for eminent services, was read a third time,
and on the question, Shall this resolution pass?—
Mr. BORLAND demanded the yeas and nays; !
which were ordered, and taken. i
Mr. FOOTE. I desire an opportunity to make
an explanation before the result is declared. I
would not ask it under ordinary circumstances, but :
if there is no opposition I wish to say that I stated
yesterday that if considerable additional pay or
power was to be placed in the hands of the officer
who should receive the appointment which this bill
authorizes, I would not vote for it. What I said
with regard to emoluments was stated in conse-
quence of a certain distinguished member af this
body having declared to me that he thought the '
resolution by its operation provided for the pay-
ment of several tnousand dollars additional. I
learned afterwards that it was not so under-
stood by its friends. Now, I um informed this !
morning by General Scott himself, by a letter just
received from him, marked with singular magna- I
nimity and disinterestedness, that if the resolu- 1
! tion pass, it will confer some additional pay; but,
i the amount not being large, I have concluded not
; to abandon the resolution, and have accordingly
i voted for it.
| The vote wag thsn announced,
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
Butler, Clarke, Cooper, Tiavis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Ewing, Foote, (Jreene, Hunter, Mason, Miller, fearce,
Pratt, Rhett, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance,
Underwood, Upliam, and Wales—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Hradburv, Cliasp, Davis of
Mississippi, Downs, Felch, Ilamlin, Houston, Jones, King,
Norris, Rusk, Sturgeon, Tumey, Walker, and Yulee—16.
So the resolution was passed.
COMPETITION FOR PRIORITY.
Mr. NORRIS. I more to suspend all previous
orders to take up the bill " to amend an act to
promote the progress of the useful arts." I hope
it will now be taken up and disposed of. It was
first on the calendar, and has lost its place. It is
a matter in which there is a great interest felt both
in and out of Congress.
Mr. BERRIEN. I find myself constrained to
oppose that motion, from the desire which I have
that the Senate should take up a bill which it was
proposed to consider yesterday, and which it had
been proposed to consider a previous day, but on
both of which days, by yielding to Senators to
permit the consideration of resolutions which it
was supposed would occupy no portion of the
time of the Senate, the opportunity has been lost.
I am acting under the suggestion of the Treasury
Department. It is deemed necessary that the
Government should reduce the expenditures of the
judicial department. I am satisfied that it is im-
portant to the country generally, for now a sys-
tem of very great inequality prevails. The bill
to which I allude, entitled " A bill to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed to clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the Circuit and District Courts
of the United States, and for other purposes,"
has been prepared with great care. It has been
examined by persons who are accustomed to look
at questions of the kind under the influence of dif-
ferent considerations. I believe that if the Senate
will take it up, and act upon it on the principle
which 1 think ought to guide us, it can be dis-
posed of in an hour, and then the Senator from
New Hampshire would be enabled to have his bill
acted upon.
I have fulfilled my duty to the Senate and to the
Judiciary Committee, which has put the bill under
my care, by making these suggestions. Beyond
that I have no interest in the question. But I am
| quite satisfied that unless it is acted upon now,
, there is no prospect of its being acted upon during
the session in the other House. I hope, there-
fore, the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will not prevail.
Mr. EWING. I have reason to know that a
. Senator from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] desires to be
present when the bill which it is proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire to consider is taken
up, and that he has prepared himself to discuss it.
He is not in his place this morning, probably from
indisposition, and I hope the bill will not be taken
up until he can be here.
Mr. TURNEY. This patent bill seems to be
a veiy unfortunate one. At the meeting of Con-
gress, at the present session, it was the first on
the calendar. It was introduced at the last session,
and was taken up before the Christmas holidays,
with a view to have it considered and passed when
the Senate was not pressed with other business.
It was then postponed at the request of the Sena-
tor from Georgia. We are now approaching the
close of the session, and it is again asked that it
may be postponed in consequence of the absence
of a Senator who wishes to speak upon it. 1 hope
the Senate will determine either to take it up now,
or that they will never take it up, and make that
a test question. If it is to be acted upon at all it
is time it should be done. It has lost its place
upon the calendar on account of absentees, and
now it is proposed to postpone it further for the
same reason. I hope the Senate 'will take it up and
let us have a vote upon the bill. Various amend-
ments are proposed, and I presume considerable
discussion will follow, but I desire that the Senate
shall act on the bill, or determine that they will
not, and relieve the committee from the necessity
of calling for it every day.
Mr. DICKINSON. I concur with the Senator I
from Tennessee in the opinion, thst if this bill is not j
j taken up now, it cannot be passed at this session.
I I should regret very much to disoblige the absent
| Senator from Vermont, or to have the bill taken
up and discussed in his absence, but it is reaching
, a period in the session when such considerations
must perhaps be in some measure overlooked. At
any rate, I hope the bill may be taken up, and that
we may make some progress in it, and perhaps
dispose of some of the amendments which may be
Sroposed, and then we can postpone it till the
enator from Vermont can be heard. Public feel-
ing is exhibiting itself in the great anxiety that is
manifested to have the bill taken up, and I think
we should either act upon it or determine that we
will not act upon it.
Mr. BUTLER. The bill to which the Seuator
from Georgia refers was reported by myself, and
under circumstances, as it seems to me, to make a
very strong appeal to the consideration of the
Senate. It was placedin my hands by the Solicitor
of the Treasury, and I befieve^hat it has had the
sanction of more than one of the Federal judges.
It certainly has had the sanction of Judge Story in
! all its essential provisions. I have received more
i than fifty letters written to me upon that subject,
i It involves public interests, and I believe it will
save hundreds and perhaps thousands of dollars
to the Treasury of the United States. Such was
the opinion of the Treasury Department; such is
j my opinion. The fees now allowed to district at-
torneys and marshals depend upon conflicting acts,
so that some are allowed $20,000 and others $5,000
under the same acts. The bill which the Senator
from Georgia proposes to take up involves public
interests, while that which the Senator from Ten-
nessee desires to take up involves essentially pri-
vate interests. I think the public interest should
1 receive our first attention.
1 Mr. RUSK. I do not design to enter into any
!' discussion as between these two bills, but there is
I a special order upon the table which was made so
' for Monday last, it is a bill of general importance,
which should be acted upon here immediately, that
, it may be returned to the other House for their ac-
tion upon the amendmentproposed. So far as we
i; may judge of the importance of a bill by letters
[j received, I will say to the Senator from South
ji Carolina, who says he has received fifty letters,
II that I am sure that I have received over a thousand
i upon the subject of reduced rates of postage.
There are some amendments proposed to that bill,
1 and if there can be a general understanding that it
can be acted upon on Monday, I will not oppose
i the taking up of these bills.
Mr. TURNEY. I wish to make one remark in
reply to the Senator from South Carolina. I think
!1 he makes a very strange argument, if I understood
i| him. He urges that the bill which he advocates
J should be taken up on the ground of the great
j! number of letters which he has received, and he
concludes from that fact that it is a public meas-
ure. But with regard to th'e bill relating to pat-
' ents, he says that the letters received are private
.! letters, and therefore this is a private bill. I think
! that is a very strange sort ot argument. How-
aver, if the number of letters received praying the
action of Congress is to be regarded by the Sen-
ate, I will place thepatent bill against any other
' before the Senate. The public have expressed as
i much feeling, and have written as many letters ex-
pressing their anxiety on this subject as any other,
and I hope the Senate will take up the bill and dis-
pose of it in some way or other.
Mr. SHIELDS. I apprehend this patent bill
: will give rise to a great deal of discussion. I know
many Senators who take an interest in it who are
not now in their seats. My colleague, for instance,
is now absent, and I believe he desires to be heard
upon that question. I think it is not a proper time
to take it up now; whereas the bill spoken of by
I the Senator from Georgia will not give rise to dis-
cussion, and we yesterday by our discussion de-
prived him of the opportunity of taking up this
bill, and he courteously gave way.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise tor the purpose of saying
that the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] is, I
know, desirous to be heard at length upon this
bill. I have conversed with him on the subject,
and I know he has decided views upon it, and
that he promises himself the satisfaction of making
them known. He is, I suppose, indisposed to-day,
and I think it will be ungenerous and unfair to take
j up the patent bill in his absence. Although I have
read everything I could lay my hands upon with
