1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
Hampshire, and the relative merits of other bifls j
are not the subject of discussion.
The question was then taken on the motion of the |
Senator from New Hampshire, and a division be-
ing called for, there were—ayes 21, noes 24. i
So the motion was not agreed to. |
REDUCTION OF THE KATES Or POSTAGE.
Mr. RUSK asked and obtained leave to submit
certain amendments which the Committee oiMie
Post Office and Post Roads intend to propose to the
bHI for reducing the rates of postage, for the pur-
pose of having them printed. j
The motion to print was agreed to. i
FEES OF OFFICERS.
Mr. BERRIEN. I more to postpone the spe-
cial orders previous to the Senate bill No. 33, with
a view to take up that bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I shall oppose that motion. As
we have already decided not to take up one bill, I
hope we shall adhere to the special orders as they
stand on the calendar.' I have no particular oppo-
sition to this bill, but as the Senate has decided
not to take up one bill out of its order, I hope they
will not dispense with taking up the special orders
as tliey stand.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall vote to sustain this mo-
tion, because I wish to be consistent with myself.
The honorable Senator from Vermont is not now
in his seat, and he is anxious to be heard upon the
bill which we just now refused to take up. In ad-
dition to that, I think we owe something to the
honorable Senator from Georgia.
The question being taken, and a division being
called for, there were—ayes 24, noes 15.
So the motion was agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, ac-
cordingly proceeded to the consideration of the bill
to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed clerks,
marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
• courts of the United 'States, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. BERRIEN moved a substitute for the
whole bill, and then various amendments, verbal
and unimportant, were made in the proposed sub-
stitute.
Mr. DOWNS moved an amendment, providing
for an allowance by the proper department of rea-
sonable compensation in cases not provided for by
law to attorneys for extraordinary services.
After debate, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALKER offered an amendment, provi-
ding for the payment of troops when called out by
the marshal to aid in the service of process. Re-
jected.
The Senate adjourned. •
[For the proceedings in detail, on this bill, see
Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, February 14, 1851.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. The Jour-
nal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. DANIEL, moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar; and
in order that gentlemen might have an opportunity
of evincing weir regard for private claimants, he
would ask for the yeas'and nays.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Chair
if the call of committees for reports was not in
orSer?
The SPEAKER replied that this was private
bill day, and that the private business on the-
Speaker'8 table was the first business in order
should the House not go into Committee on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that it was
his purpose to move a resolution to close debate
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the river and harbor bill to-morrow;
giving to-day and to-morrow to the discussion of
that bill, if the House would sustain him.
TTie SPEAKER stated that the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel]
must first be disposed of.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked if this was not
objection day ?
Mr. DANIEL said that it was not.
Mr. WENTWORTH thought, then, that they
would do no business if they aid go into commit-
tee.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired if there was not a
number of private bills on the Speaker's table
which had passed the Committee of the Whole
without objection ?
The SPEAKER replied that there were,
Mr. ASHMUN suggested that instead of go-
ing into committee the House should consent to
take up such bills as had not been objected to.
] Mr. DANIEL stUed that it was his purpose
I to move that the committee rise in time to dispose
of these bills.
Mr. ASHMUN said that th« committee never
would rise except to adjourn.
j Mr. DANIEL hoped at all events that his mo-
tion would prevail.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. Dan-
isi's motion? and being taken, the question was
decided in the negative—yeas 76, nays 86—as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bell,
Bocock, Brack, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell,
Calvin, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dinner, Deber-
ry, Disaey, Fealherston, Freedley, Gorman, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Holladay, I lire, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, Lemer, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, Mc-
Clernand, McDonald, McKisaock, McMullen, McQueen,
Meaeham, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morris,
Morrison, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Olds, Peaslee., Phelps,
Pottery Powell, Robbing, Robinson, Ross, Sawtelle, Sed-
don, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeos Stevens, Sweetser,
Thomas, Toombs, Van Dyke, Venable, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, and Yo ng—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashmun, Bayly, Bennett,
Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bonlin, Bhggs, Bnsbin, Brooks, i|
Buel, Burrows, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell^ Cartter,
Chandler, Clarke, Clingman, Cole, Conner, Corwin, Crow-
ell, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Ev-
ans, Ewing, Fitch, Fowler, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould,
Hallo way, Hampton, Hay, Henry, Howe, Hnnter, W. T.
Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Maneson, McGaughey, Robert M. Mc-
i Lane, Finis E. McLean, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, More-
head, Outlaw, Peck, Phcenix, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, i
Richardson, Risley, Root, Rose, Ruinsey, Sackett, Sav-
| age, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, '
' Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, &tet9on, Taylor,
James Thompson, Underbill, Vinton, Wentworth, and
White—86.
So the House refused to suspend the rules and |
go into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar. #
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that he "de-
sired to offer a resolution to close debate on the j
river and harbor bill, but that before doing so, he
would ask the consent of the House to have the ;
bill and amendments reported from the committee '
ordered to be printed. He learned that there were 1
I no copies of this bill left in the document room,
,! and having been requested to move that the bill,
|j with its amendments, be printed, he deemed it his |
duty to meet that request as far as he was able.
( He asked that the bill and amendments might be
i printed.
' The SPEAKER stated that it would be so or-
, dered if there was no objection.
Mr. BURT understood his friend from Mary-
i land to say that he intended to introduce a resolu-
tion to close the debate to-day or to-morrow. If
such was the purpose of the gentleman, he (Mr.
B.) must object. This bill ought not to be pressed
through the House without debate.
Mr. THOMAS said, as this was private bill
' day, and as there were a number of private bills
on the table  l
Mr. McLANE called the gentleman from Ten-'
nessee to order.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman was in I
order.
Mr. McLANE said that he had the floor.
1 i The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman had
: yielded it. i
Mr. McLANE said that the Chair misappre-
i hended him.
> The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
[ Maryland had necessarily yielded the floor. The
j gentleman had requested the unanimous consent
I of the House to have the river and harbor bill 1
!! printed. The Chair had propounded that ques- 1
tion to the House, and it was objected to. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Thomas] was then
recognized, and it was now in order for him to
proceed. j
Mr. THOMAS called for the regular order of
business; which, as this was private bill day, he ;
supposed would be the consideration of the pri-
vate bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CALVIN asked for and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the petition
and papers of John Adams, the applicant being
deceased.
Mr. McLANE asked the permission of the
Chair to make an explanation. He was sure that
the Chair would not allow himself to misappre-
hend the course of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Burt.] That gentleman had not ob-
jected to the motion to print, but had risen to
propound an inquiry to him, (Mr. McL.)
The SPEAKER again stated the question to the
House. The gentleman from Maryland asked the
unanimous consent of the House that the river
and harbor bill, with its amendments, might be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS objected.
Mr. McLANE begged leave to move the usual
resolution to close debate on the river and harbor
bill. He had felt it his duty to confer with gen-
tlemen in opposition to this bill, and particularly
with the chairman of the Committee of Ways ana
Means, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. BURT called the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER stated that debate was not in
order.
Mr. McLANE said, that after such consultation
he would offer a resolution to close debate in Com-
j mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to-
' morrow, at two o'clock, on -the river and harbor
bill.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved to lay t!ie reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas and nays on
that question; and they were ordered.
The question on laying the resolution on the
table was then taken, and resulted in the negative
—yeas 70, nays 114—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bo-
cock, Bnsbin, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, Geo.
A. Caldwell, Cljngman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dame],
Deberry, Dimmick, Disney, Dunbam, Edmandsoti, Ewing,
Fealherston, Fuller, Gorman, Hamilton, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland, Holla-
day, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, La S&re, Littlefield,
Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Mor-
rison, Morse, Morton, Orr, Owen, Peaslee, Penn, Powell,
Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Seddon, •Richard H. Stanton,
Alex. H. Stephens, Tfmddeus Stevens, Sweetser, Thomas,
Toombs, Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick,
Wilmot, and Young—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Ashmun,
Bayly, Bel), Bennett, Bingham, Bokee,' Booth, Bowie,
Bowlin, Breck, Brtggs, Buel, Bullard, Burrows, Butler, J.
P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Cor-
win, Crowell, Dickey, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Eliot,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley,
Gentry, Giddings, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Grinnetl, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William
T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
George G. Kin*, James G. King, John A. King? Leffler,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey,
McKissock, K. M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, Meacham,
Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morehead, Morris, Nelson, Olds,
Otis, Outlaw, Peck, Phelps, jttia nix, Potter, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Richardson,Risley,Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Rumsey, Sackett, Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermer-
horn. Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Taylor. Jas.
Thompson, Thurman,Underbill, Vinton, Waldo, Watkins,
Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Williams, and Wright—
114.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
' The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution to close debate, on which question
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BURT hoped that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee would withdraw his demand for the previous
question, to enable him to amend the resolution,
so as to make it read " three o'clock," instead of
" two o'clock" to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON refusecjfto withdraw his de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. McLANE desired to modify his resolution
before the question was put, so as to make it more
acceptable to the majority of the committee. He
would insert "four ©'clock" instead of "two
o'clock."
Mr. SCHENC Kwished to inquire of the Chair
whether, if three days were consumed in the dis-
cussion of each of the general appropriation bills,
would not a continuation of the session for an-
other month be necessary?
Cries of " Order!" "order!"
The previous question having been seconded,
the main question was ordered, which main ques-
tion was on agreeing to the resolution to close de-
bate at four o^lock, and the question being taken,
it was decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
