1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
91. For the flutter improvement of tin harbor at St. Jo- i
acph, Michigan, #20,000.
93. For conhnning the improvement of the harbor of
Michigan City, State of Indiana, $33,000.
93. For the farther improvement «f the barber of Chicago,
Illinois, $30,000.
94. For continuing the work* at the harbor of Milwaukia,
Wisconsin, $90,000.
85- Far the preservation and repair of harbors nn the
Lakes, other than those enumerated, the construction of
which has been authorized by law, and which have been
partially completed, 530.000.
96. For the construction of a harbor at the town of South-
port, in the Territory of Wisconsin, $19,500.
97. To aid in the completion of a harbor alrAdy com-
menced by the ciuzens of the (own of Racine, at the mouth
of Root ri"\vr, in the Territory of Wisconsin.
In 1*45, "6, "7, >8, >9 there were several territorial roads
authorized, but no new harbor and river items.
From the foregoing statement it will appear that the law
of 1838 enumerated fifty-eight items of river and harbor im-
provements, and including the items of that law up to the
present time, there are in all sixty-four distinct items.
Mr. McLANE, (resuming.) I have said that the
details of this bill were, in my judgment, in more
than one portion defective. And I desire now,
before I conclude, to call the attention of the com-
mittee to those defects. Framed as this bill is upon
the commercial power—framed as it is in view of
the laws of Congress regulating commerce, it
might very naturally be supposed that that por-
tion of the country where the foreign commerce
is so large in its amount, and so important in its re-
sults—the Atlantic seaboard—would demand a
large portion of the appropriations to be made
by this bill. So it has, sir, in all river and harbor
bills. I regret to say, that as the system ad-
vanced, the violence of opposition and the great
embarrassments and vicissitudes which attended
it, have made it almost impossible to do jus-
tice to those new and • more important channels
of commerce which have opened west of the 1
mountains.
I desire particularly to call the attention of the >
committee to that portion of this bill which relates :
to the Mississippi, Ohio below the falls and
rapids, and Missouri rivers, and to the appro-
* pnations for Tennessee and Illinois. That item
stands in the bill $240,000. I think when the
committee come to make a comparison between
that sum of money, and the aggregate of all the
smaller sums upon the Atlantic seaboard and upon
the Lakes, it might wisely double that sum. I
hope that the item in the bill for the four rivers
which I Have named, including the sum for im-
proving the same above the fails and rapids, will
be increased to $500,000; and I shall make that
motion. So also in regard to the Savannah river.
That is an appropriation which has been from
year to year held down below a point which its
importance demands, especially when we refer to
the amounts heretofore appropriated for the Hud-
son river, and the relative character of the work
on the two rivers.
Now, sir, I should desire to seethe appropriation
for the Savannah river raised to §100,000, rather
than $75,000; and I shall make that motion. So
with the Gulf of Mexico. There stands the har-
bor of Mobile—a harbor which originally was be-
lieved to require $100,000 per annum on several
years to complete the designed improvement there,-
instead of the appropriation of $10,000 for a sur-
vey of that harbor. The committee recommend
the appropriation of $50,000 for its improvement,
estimates having been recently received from the
Topographical Bureau.
The anxiety of the committee to bring this bill,
so far as the appropriations are concerned, within
the limits within which most of the bills hereto-
fore passed have been confined, is the cause of'
these limited appropriations.
This amendment is authorized by the commit-
tee, as also one of some importance on the coast of
North Carolina, to reopen Albemarle Sound,
which, together with one or two on the1 coast of
Texas, constitute the only amendments of conse-
ijuence authorized by the committee. Other
amendments, which will be submitted by the in-
structions of the committee, relate immediately to
modifications in the estimates proposed at the
present session of Congress, different from those
submitted at the last session of Congress, together
with some alterations of the phraseology. I
would, as far as my own opinion is concerned,
rather strike from the bill many of the smaller
items for improvements on-the coast. If I could
be permitted to enlarge the appropriation upon
the four principal rivers I have named, I say I
i would rather strike out of the bill some of the
items on the coast, where sufficient security is ob-
tained from light-houses, and which will be sub-
stantially embraced in the improvements connected
with the light-house system.
I would have infinitely preferred that there should
have been separate bills reported for all the princi-
pal classes of work embraced in this bill. I would
infinitely have preferred to have reported separate
bills for every item of the appropriations for pro-
posed improvements. That was not only my opin-
ion and desire, but it was the effort I choose to
make. The bill is reported in the aggregate, be-
cause that meets the judgment of the majority in
committee which presents it to this House. But it
will be for me, and for every gentleman here, to
deal with the dot tils of this bill in the parliamentary
> mode of proceeding, which directly meets the ob-
1 feet which I had in view in reporting separate bills;
because as each paragraph must be read and per-
fected before proceeding to the next, individual
and separate action is as fully attained by this
mode of proceeding, as by the one to which I
have referred.
Now, whatever I may have to say in view of
oty power, and of the propriety of exercising the
power if we have it, to make those improvements,
under the power of regulating commerce, I pro-
pose to withhold it until it is my privilege to close
this debate. I shall then hope to bring to the at-
tention of this committee what are the regulations
of commerce. I shall then hope to bring to the
attention of this committee what were the laws by
which the several States reaulated their commerce,
before the adoption of the Federal Constitution. I
shall endeavor to present my views as to what
commerce is, which Congress nas the power to reg-
ulate, both foreign and domestic. And I hope to be
able to show, that all that this bill proposes to do,
the States originally did, when they possessed the !
commercial power. I propose to snow, flirther, j
that some of the items in thi# bill are items which '
related themselves to State action, after the Fed-
eral Constitution was framed: and to show that
the Federal power, interposing, forbid the States to I
carry out these very works, and thattheStates ceded
these works to the Federal Government, because
i the Federal Government had the power to make
■ the necessary enactments. I shall hope, in reply-
' in? to whatever objections may be offered to this
bill, to take this range of remarks—a range of re-
marks, I may say, with deference, and without
any further apology to the House, very different
in spirit and character from that into, which I have
allowed myself to be drawn in presenting this bill
to the committee.
Mr. MORSE then addressed the committee in
reply to Mr. McLane, of Maryland, maintaining
that the position he had assumed in regard to ap-
propriations from the Federal Treasury for works
of internal improvement, such as was proposed
in the bill, was at variance with the orthodox
Democratic doctrine. He (Mr. M.) was opposed
to any system of internal improvement by the
Federal Government. He was followed by
Mr. FITCH, who argued in favor of appropri-
ations for the improvement of natural harbors,
and of those rivers whose improvement would pro-
mote the national interests. He was opposed to
any general system of internal improvements, as
such, by the Federal Government. He was also
for discriminating in favor of those works of har-
bor and river improvement that were absolutely
necessary to • give security to the lives of naviga-
tors and passengers, facilities to commerce, and
open markets for agricultural produce.
Mr. SPAULDING then occupied the floor for
an hour in favor of the system of improvements
contemplated by the bill, maintaining that the
wants of commerce, the interests of agriculture,
nay, all the national interests, demanded it. He
quoted the opinions of early statesmen in favor of
the constitutional power of Congress to make ap-
propriations from the Federal Treasury for works
of internal improvement.
After he had concluded,
The committee took a recess till seven o'clock
this evening.
[For those speeches, see Appendix.]
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, Ate., were presented
underthe rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. BAYLY: The remonstrance of 102 firms of the
city of New York, interested in shtppiag, againit an in-
crease of duty on coal and iron.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of John A. Johnson, H-
R. Petti bone, Michael Kane, and others, praying that an act
granting the right of preemption to settlers on the lands es-
quired of the Menomonee Indians may be passed.
By Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia: The memorial of citi-
zens of Savannah, in the State of Georgia, praying the es-
tablishment of a nav-.il depot at Savannah, and in connection
therewith the camel tow-boat.
By Mr. MOORE: The memorial of citizens of Philadel-
phia, asking that all persons entitled to the benefits of the
bounty land act of September, 1850, may receive not less
than one hundred and sixty acres.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, re-
questing the Senators and Representatives in Congress to
vote in favor of giving one hundred and sixty acres of land
to all who served in ttie war of 1812, whether ou land or on
water, as well as in the Indian wars.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Philadelphia, asking
that Congress will prohibit all traffic in the public lands,
and grant the same in limited quantities to actual settlers
and cultivators.
By Mr. COLE: The joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Wisconsin, asking for a grant of land for the use and
benefit of the State University.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition ofCurtla
Chamberlain and 302 others, (151 of whom are legal voters,)
citizens of Soutbboro', in Massachusetts, praying for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. KERR: Thememorial of Samuel Hambleton, Jr.,
Howes GoUHborough, and ninety others, citizens of Talbot
county, Maryland, asking for the establishment of a line of
mail steamships from Baltimore and Norfolk to some port in
England, convenient by railroad communication with the
city of London.
By Mr. KING, of Rhode Island: The petition of Col. Wil-
liam Gates and others, officers Of the army at Fort Adams,
Rhode Island, asking that funds may be appropriated for
the construction of a road from the Fort to Newport.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memonal of certain citizens of
Pittsburg, asking Congress to remove the impediments to a
free navigation around the falls of the Ohio.
By Mr. EWING: The petition of the clerks in the Narft-
ville post office, asking the allowance affixed and fair sala-
ries for their service*!.
By Mr. JlTL IAN: The petition of thirty- seven citizens of
the State of Illinois, praying Congress to provide a trial by
jury ibr persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of forty-nine citizens of Wayne county.
Indiana, praying the repeal of the fugitive slave law, pawed
at the last session.
EVENING SESSION.
Tile committee was called to order at half past
seven o'clock by Mr. Buxl, who took the chair
in the absence of Mr. Meade.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. CuKeuAK] was enti-
i tied to the floor.
I Mr. BOWIE stated that Mr. Clingmav was
unable to be present in consequence of indisposi-
tion.
Mr. CONGER then obtained the floor and ad-
dressed the committee, (of which a report will be
found in the Appendix,) mainly in relation to the
"compromise measures"passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and in reference to the charge
made against him by certain newspapers, of hav-
ing "dodged "a vote on the compromise bill. Mr.
C. haying concluded,
Mr. JONES next addressed the committee in a
speech (which will be. found in the Appendix) *
upon the condition of the finances of the Govern-
ment, with a view to show the inexpediency of
entering into a system of internal improvements
by the Federal Government. He also expressed
some views against the constitutionality of such
expenditure out of the Federal Treasury.
Mr. BOWIE then obtained the floor, but yield-
ed it to
Mr. OUTLAW, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. MeLANE hoped that the motion would
not. prevail, as there were one or two speeches
more that could be made to-n
Mr. OUTLAW withdrew his motion.
Mr. BOWIE said: Mr. Chairman, I do not
flatter myself that I shall be able to lay before this
committee anything that is new, or of any mate-
rial importance; but I desire to assign the reasons
which will actuate me in my ultimate action upon
the bill now under our consideration.
This is emphatically a bill making appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers; and it is met at the very threshold with
serious constitutional objections. If these objec-
tions are well taken, however important the objects
for which the bill designs to provide, however es-
sential they may be to the public welfare, all those
who entertain a proper respect and regard for the
great charter of our Government, must abandon
it. I am sure that there is no one so recreant in
i legislation as to be willing to avow either here or
