1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
allowed to retain his right to the floor, after the gen-
tleman from Ohio had concluded his remarks.
No objection being made, it was so understood.
Mr. McDONALD withdrew his motion that the
committee rise. i
Mr. CROW ELL then said: Before I retire from i
the seat w^ich 1 have occupied in this Hall for .
the last four years, and my associates upon this
floor, I feel, sir, that it is due, not only to those
who have sent me here, and honored me with their
entire confidence, but to myself to givAhe reasons
for the votes which I have given upon two or three
important questions, (hitherto silent votes,) and
to place myself correctly on the record upon those
subjects. I have sought the floor on this occasion
for the purpose of very briefly stating the reasons
which have governed me in these matters. It is
my purpose, if I should write out my remarks, to
review somewhat at length some of the topics em-,
braced in the late message of the President of the
United States, communicated to Congress at the
commencement of the present session.
First, sir, it is my purpose to remark upon the
modification of our existing revenue laws. In the
second place to give my views very briefly upon
the constitutional and sound policy of improving
the rivers and harbors of the country; and in the
third place, I propose to say a few words upon ,
one or two of the measures embraced in what has
been characterized as the compromise measures of ,
the last session of Congress. Upon all of those sub-
jects I have given votes. Upon none of them have
I expressed an opinion in any of the discussions
which have taken place since I have occupied a
seat upon this floor.
First, then, upon the modification of the exist-
ing revenue laws. This, sir, is opposed, upon the
ground of opposition to the principles_of protec-
tion. Upon this question my mind has long been
made up. I have no constitutional difficulties to en-
counter. I have no constitutional scruple to over*
come. I should look upon your Government and
your Constitution as unworthy of our patriot
fathers, if it was impotent to protect us and the
great industrial interests of this country against 1
the competition of the pauper labor of the mon-
archies of the Old W orld. Sir, if such had not been
the uniform practice of this Government from the
very first session of Congress under the Constitu-
tion, yet.1 should hold that it was a power clearly
implied in the provisions of that instrument. But
when, upon the pages of the history of our legisla-
tion, I find that the framers of that instrument,
many of whom were members of the first Con-
gress under the Constitution, have made a cotem-
poraneous exposition of its provisions, and in the
very first act of Congress under it, in the first sec-
tion, it is recited that one of its objects was to
protect the manufactures, and thereby the industry
of the country. Sir, every man's experience in
this country, and the experience of all other agri-
cultural and manufacturing nations demonstrates
the necessity of its protection. Why, the doc-
trine of free trade may do well enough for closet
philosophers and speculative theorists, but it will noi
stand the test of practical experience and sound
statesmanship. Arts, sciences, and the knowledge
of manufactures, the difference in the civilization
of the various nations of the earth, make a distinc-
tion. And, sir, it is in vain to say, that their can
be with a just regard to the interests of all, a per-
fect freedom of trade between the different nations
of the earth, in which and among which this differ-
ence is known to exist. Look, for example, to
our great commercial rival, Great Britain, and
mark the distinction between the people—the in-
dustrial interests of that country, and those of our
own. Here, thanks to the patriots of the Revo-
lution, every man is a sovereign, and has a voice |
in the legislation of the country—a potential
voice. There society is divided horizontally.
The great masses of tne community are oppressed
by the rich and powerful, and the laboring men of
the country are subjected to toil, for a naked sub-
sistence. And, sir, let me tell gentlemen, that
until they can place the sturdy freemen of this
country, the bone and sinew of republican America,
in the same condition under which the toiling mil-
lions of the Old World and Great Britain are now
groaning, you can never manufacture here as cheap
as they can there; and the necessity for the pro-
tection of these great interests will be, and con-
tinue to be, apparent to every practical legislator
and statesman of this country. I do not intend
j to say that there are not now in this country pa- !
: triots and eminent statesmen, men whose love of 1
their country is equal to that of their fellows, who |
have doubted the constitutional power of thisGov- !
ernment to protect the industry of the country.
Sir, I respect those doubts. I respect the opinions
of my countrymen, and of the legislators of my
country. At the same time, it is just and right for
me to express, in manly tones, my dissent from
their opinions. And when I am not able to agree
with them, I claim for myself, what I cheerfully
concede to others, the right to my own opinion.
I stand here as the representative of freemen, to
express boldly the opinions I entertain,and which
I am commissioned to vindicate on this floor—the :
great council chamber of republican America.
And, sir, may it continue such to the " last sylla-
ble of recorded time."
In order that I may not exceed the limits which
I have assigned to myself, I will pass now to <he
second topic, the bill more immediately under our
consideration, making appropriations for the im-
provement of rivers and narbors. I have listened :
with attention (as I always listen with attention) to 1
the remarks which have been urged by gentlemen j
against this great measure. Sir, I make on this !
subject the same remarks that I have made in re-
lation to the protection of commerce and industry,
that statesmen, eminent for their attainments and
enjoying the respect of their countrymen, have
entertained different views upon the subject from
those which I entertain, and which a large major-
ity, as I believe, of my countrymen now enter-
tain. Those opinions are entitled to weight and
to the gravest consideration, if they have pro-
■ ceeded from great and good men. But, sir, it can-
! not be disguised that a liberal, nay more, a prac-
tical interpretation of the Constitution of this
country will authorize appropriations for this pur-
pose. The power to regulate commerce necessa-
rily implies the power to facilitate it, and that is
the construction which you have put upon this
clause of the Constitution from the earliest time
to the present moment. Sir, I unfold the pages
of your legislation upon the subject of the pro-
tection of commerce. And let me ask gentlemen
who rise upon this floor and contend that your
Constitution is impotent to furnish power to make
these appropriations,by what authority have you
appropriated millions and millions out of the
Treasury of the United States at the return of
every year, and at the meeting of every Congress,-
to protect our foreign commerce, if you have no
power to do it under that clause of the Constitu-
tion?
Mr. Chairman, the principle of protection is
written on every page of our national history; and
unless you pervert the plain meaning of language,
and blot out the pages of your legislative history—
unless you pervert the plain meaning of the Con-
stitution itself, you must admit the correctness of
that principle. I hope you will not depart from
this exposition, from this construction upon which
you have acted so long.
Mr. Chairman, the teeming millions of the great
West, from which you and I come, ask nothing
from the nation j Treasury, or from the other sec-
tions of the country, but simple, even-handed jus-
tice. I appeal to tne gentlemen on this floor, who
represent the western States—I appeal to the mem-
bers who represent the great West and Southwest,
if they have ever withheld from any portion of the
country that ample and generous aid which has
been needed or asked for. I do not pretend, sir,
that the West have been more liberal, more just,
than other sections of the country, but I may
claim for them an equal praise for justice. I
claim that they have been liberal; I contend that
they have been just; and we ask from our country
now nothing more than justice. Sir, the broad
fertile plains of that vast extent of country have
borne for the last fifty years, in an unbroken cur-
rent, the rich fruits of our industry into the lap of
each of your great commercial Atlantic cities.
Each one of those cities have eagerly sought to
give direction to that- current, and they have been
enriched by it. Cut it off from Boston, from New
York, from Philadelphia, from Baltimore, and
from all those seaboard cities around to New Or-
leans, and in a few years the grass would grow in
the streets of those great commercial emporiums.
Why, then, do you stand here hesitating and fal-
tering at the miserable sum of a million or two of
dollars to facilitate the transmission of these rich
fruits into your lap? Why, you appropriate
five to ten millions annually to foster the in
mate from
meagre
amount of your foreign commerce, varying only
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred mil-
lions of dollars, while the internal commerce of
the country is three or fourfold more than that,
and yet here are two hundred and thirty-three
members upon this floor, hesitating, and faltering,
and delaying their action upon this great question—
upon this appropriation—all of which is for the
purpose of facilitating the transmission of these
rich fruits to the Atlantic coast. Your foreign
commerce, for which you in the year past have
appropriated #10,000,000, would languish on your
borders if it were not fed by that perennial stream
flowing from the fertile regions of the West and
Southwest.
Mr. Chairman, I have not my notes before me,
(and I should not have time to read them if I had,)
to show the House the extent of the commerce on
each great point in our' western country, upon
which it is proposed to make an appropriation of
a few thousand dollars; but it is sufficient for my
purpose to say that the western country has been
more severely taxed within the last year, in the
shape of loss of life—which cannot be estimated
by dollars and cents—in .the loss of property,
owing to the want of these river and harbor im-
provements, than any other portton of the country
within the last seven or eight years.
Mr. JONES (interrupting) was understood to
ask if these losses upon the western waters have
not been tenfold more on account of the bursting
of boilers on steamboats, and by collisions of
steamboats, than for want of proper improvements
in the rivers and harbors ?
Mr. CROWELL. I have not the means at
present for answering the question of the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee, but if I may be
allowed to express an opinion, I would say that I
think the amount of losses from the causes which
the gentleman from Tennessee has mentioned
do not equal the amount of loss sustained in con-
sequence of a want of proper improvements in the
commercial districts of the great West. I know
more about the navigation of Lake Erie and the
Ohio river than any of the other rivers and lake*
in the West. And the damage to property and
loss of life from those causes which the gentleman
from Tennessee has mentioned, upon those waters,
is a mere trifle; while the records of every year
will show the loss of hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars—and I might say millions^—from want of ne-
cessary improvements upon those inland seas.
Sir, it does seem to me passing strange that
any gentleman should come into this Hall—should
hesitate in making these impropriations. I say
this without the slightest disrepect to any gentle-
man on this floor who differs from me as to the
propriety of making the appropriations proposed
in this bill. If they have constitutional objections,
I respect those objections, at the same time that I
dissent from their opinions. I contend that the
power of the General Government to make pro-
vision for their inland or domestic commerce is as
ample as it is to protect our foreign commerce.
Now, why is it that we are so profusely liberal
in making appropriations for the maintenance of
our Navy, the great purpose of which is the pro-
tection of our $200,000,000 of foreign commerce ?
I say, why is it that gentlemen will come .forward
and vote for an appropriation of $8,000,000 or
$10,000,000 annually for the support of our Navy
that protects our commerce which whiten every
sea, and yet, when $1,000,000 or |2,000,000 is
asked, to protect an inland commerce, amounting
to $800,000,000 annually, which is enriching your
seaboard towns from Boston to New Orleans—
why is it that the objection is urged that you have
no power to do it? I wish to know how gentle-
men can reconcile their votes in favor of liberal
supplies to sustain and protect one class or spe-
cies of commerce, and yet withold them, upon
constitutional grounds, from another, which is an
immensely more important branch—the domestic;
commerce of the country ?
Upon an occasion like this I must say, I regret
to see a disposition manifested to place this matter
upon mere party issues. I regret to see gentlemen
coming forward and making the inquiry, whether
this is in accordance with the principles of the Bal-
timore platform, or, peradventure, of the Buffalo
platform, upon which I have been suspected of
placing my foot? Is the power of the General
