542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
is there any reason which can overcome that rule ?
It seems to me reasons may be presented in a case
which would produce a unanimous consent of the
Senate; and I interpose the objection to granting
leave, in order that we may hear the reasons given
why we should step aside of the parliamentary
rule, and permit the Senator to introduce his bill.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator consider
an argument upon the merits of a question a rea-
"son why- it should be introduced ?
Mr. WALKER. I am not contending in re-
fard to that. I am contending that the Senator
as a right to proceed, as he was doing, to show
that we should step aside from the rule.
Mr. FOOTE. I have a great disposition to
Fractice courtesy, but I call the Senator to order.
do think this is all out of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair ^rill read an-
other portion of parliamentary law:
" When a member desires to bring in a bill on any sub-
ject, lie states to the House in ganeral terms the causes for
doing it, and concludes by moving for leave to bring in a
bill entitled, Stc. Leave being given on the question, a
committee is appointed to prepare and bring in the bill.
The mover and the seconder are always appointed on this
committee, and one or njgre in addition."
Leave must evidently be granted before a mem-
ber can enter into a general argument.
Mr. BENTON. I apprehend that what the
Chair has read are principles of parliamentary law
under control of the House; that they are not the
rules of this body to be enforced by the Chair.
That is what I understand They are not rules
of this body, but principles of parliamentary law
to be decided by a. majority of the body. Am I
right or wrong?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not pre-
cisely right. The Chair is bound to enforce the
parliamentary law as well as the rules. The rules
are positive, and the parliamentary law is his guide;
and whenever his attention is called to the enforce-
ment of it—although he may have usually suffered
a departure when his attention has not been called—
he is bound to enforce the parliamentary law as
well as if there was a strict rule.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Is it in the power
of the Senate to give leave ?
Mr. BENTON. I differ from the Chair in toto.
I maintain that the Chair cannot decide parliament-
ary law.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has read to the
Senate what is the parliamentary law upon the
subject. He said, at the same time, that if the
Senate chose to set aside the parliamentary law,
they certainly had the power to do so.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I ask the
consent <ff the Senate upon tne question of leave.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senate wishes it,
the Chair will read again that portion of parlia-
mentary law in relation to the introduction of a bill.
It rests with the Senate to say what they will do
with that law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I cannot object
to the conscientious decision of the Chair. I mere-
ly ask the Senate to give leave, and inquire of the
Chair if the Senate cannot give leave for the Sena-
tor to proceed with his remarks.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly. I am of that
opinion. The Chair decided simply upon the right
of the Senator to go into a discussion—not that he
had not a right to ask leave, although parliament-
ary law has been against, such a practice, and it
has never prevailed,, in the opinion of the Chair,
in this or even any other body. The question
will, then, be on granting leave.
Mr. DAVIS. The leave I asked was leave for
the Senator to proceed with the remarks that he
was making."
Mr. FOOTE. Is not that a proposition virtually
to repeal one of the rules of this body ? Can that
proposition be entertained in this form without no-
tice, (fee.? In other words, can a simple majority
at the present time extemporaneously allow a
member to violate it?
The PRESIDENT. It is not one of the rules.
It is very unpleasant for the Chair to be under the
necessity of restating what is not understood.
There is no express rule on the subject.. It was
not supposed to be necessary to have a rule, be-
cause parliamentary law is so plain, and so long
established, as to render a rule unnecessary. But it
has been departed from in some instances, and
gentlemen have made speeches before a subject
Has been introduced. The inconvenience of it is
apparent to all, because an argument in such a
' state of business cannot be replied to until leave is
I granted to introduce the subject. It is not in the J
power of a Senator, therefore, in offering a bill, to |
enter into a discussion of its merits for any pur-
pose whatever; but he must simply state the sub-
stance of it, as he would that of a petition, in or-
der that the Senate may determine whether they
will give leave or not. Is the Chair now under-
stood ? The Chair very much doubts whether it
will be in the power of the Senate to authorize a
Senator to make an argument upon a subject not ,
before it, which will preclude others from entering
into it, if there is any objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is due to my-
self and to the Chair that I should say that I un-
derstood the decision of the Chair, ana did not ob-
ject to it. My whole purpose was to give leave
to the Senator to do that which, according to par-
liamentary law, he could not otherwise do. I am
free to say that I object to the practice, and I think
the parliamentary law is sound. We have speeches
upon bills upon their presentation.
The PRESIDENT. Very irregularly.
Mr. DAVIS. Very irregularly, I grant. I
only sought upon this occasion to give leave that
the Senator's remarks may be concluded.
Mr. BENTON. The Chair has no power to
enforce a parliamentary rule, but in any instance
may appeal to the body. The principle of the law
rests in the body of the Senate to decide, and they
decide what they please in regard to it. That is
the way I understand it; and it is precisely in con-
formity with that principle that I thought it pre-
eminently necessary that the principle of the law
should be dispensed with on thiS occasion. It is
a case in which a bill has been rejected, and an
application made to bring in the same bill. I stated
in the notice I gave yesterday that it was the same
bill. I opened this morning with giving the reasons
why the principle of parliamentary law shoald be
dispensed with in this case; and that question, I
hold, belongs to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair stated, in the
first instance, that it was in'the power of the Sen-
' ate to decide the question. But the Senator is cer-
tainly wrong in supposing that it is not the duty
of tne Chair to decide in regard to a question of
parliamentary law. He must prevent its invasion,
unless the Senate otherwise directs*
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask that the
greposition may be submitted to the sense of the
enate.
Mr. -FOOTE. I jpould suggest this point: I
understand that the parliamentary law, read to us
by the Chair this morning, constitutes a part of
tne rules of this body at present. Now, can any
alteration be made in regard to that rule which I
was insisting upon this morning, without the reg-
ular adoption of a new rule of order of the body,
or by the unanimous consent of the body ? It can
hardly be done by a simple majority in this ex-
temporaneous manner. Still, I say, if the Senate
chooses to accord to other Senators the privilege
which they accord to the Senator from Missouri,
I, for one, will listen to the speeches that may be
made with patience.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator makes no
question.
j Mr. UPHAM. Is there any question pending?
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
upon the motion of the Senator from Mississippi
, [Mr. Davis] to permit the Senator from Missouri
to proceed in stating the reasons why the parlia-
mentary law forbidding the introduction of a bill
similar to the one rejected this session shall be sus-
pended. That is the question, as the Chair un-
derstands it.
Mr. UPHAM. It would give me pleasure on
any other occasion to hear the Senator from Mis-
souri; but to-day is private bill day—and of the
three days when we should have considered them,
we have devoted only two hours of one of the
days to their consideration. Last' week they were
not taken up at all. Now I call, if it is in order,
for the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the private calendar, in order that one day at least
may be devoted to that business.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not feel
at liberty to call up that order when this question
is pending.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We depart every
day from the rule of the order of business, and we
constantly make special orders to interfere with
the calendar.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand the motion made by the Senator from
Mississippi to be precisely the one which was ori-
ginally presented to the Chair. The motion now
is, that the Senator from Missouri be permitted to
proceed to give the general reasons why the par-
liamentary law should now be suspended or re-
pealed, in order to grant leave for the Senator to
introduce his bill. That is a matter of right; and
when a proposition is made to repeal that law 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. There is no prop-
osition of that kind before the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will state his motion, I will see if I can un-
derstand it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I suppose I was
unfortunate in the little motion I made in explain-
ing it. I did not propose to repeal parliamentary
law. I even said that I thought the parliamentary
law was sound.
Mr. DAWSON. So I understood it.
Mr. DAVIS. But I chose to make this an ex-
ception, and asked the Senate whether it should
be made an exception or not.
Mr DAWSON. Then if the proposition be
changed in that way, and the Chair receives the
motion that the Senator be permitted to proceed, I
will move to amend it by adding, " and that any
other member may be allowed to reply."
Mr. FOOTE. I shall certainly vote for the
amendment to the first proposition, being very
much in favor of the freedom of debate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will always be
governed by the decision of the Senate; but if the
motion as amended is adopted, it places us in the
singular situation of a discussion springing up, and
continuing perhaps for days, with ho subject be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. BADGER I agree with what has been
said by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Upham.]
I think this day ought to be given to private bills.
I think, at all events, we have business enough to
keep us here without considering the same balls
twice over; and I desire to ask if it is in order to
move to lay this subject on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The motion for leave to
introduce a bill can, of course, be laid on the table-
Mr. BADGER. Then I make that motion.
Mr. BENTON. The yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. FOOTE. I would like to know whether
the'Senator from Georgia has withdrawn his prop--
osition to amend ?
The PRESIDENT. Bid the Senator from
Georgia make a motion to amend the proposition ?
Mr. DAWSON. I did so, by adding " that the
like privilege be allowed to any other member of
the Senate."
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missis-
sippi will reduce his motion to writing.
Mr. BADGER. At the desire of several friends
around me, I withdraw the motion to lay the sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, having reduced his
motion to writing, submitted it as follows:
"That the Senator from Missouri have leave to proceed
to show cause why lie should be permitted to introduce a
bill of which he has given notice."
Mr. DAWSON. To that motion I move as
an amendment, " and that the same privilege be
granted to every other Senator."
The PRESIDENT. The privilege moved to be
granted to the Senator from Missouri is simply to
show cause.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, is it in
order to say anything upon this subject now?
' The PRESIDENT. An amendment is being
prepared by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. DODGE. I understood the Senator from
North Carolina to make a motion to lay the sub-
ject on the table.
The PRESIDENT. That is withdrawn.
Mr. DODGE. Then I appeal to the Senator
from Georgia to withdraw his amendment, evi-
dently designed to embarrass the proposition of
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] I
wish to say, speaking for the gentlemen all around
me, that the privilege of reply will most certainly
be accorded to the Senator from Kentucky. There
is no desire to take any advantage is reference to
this matter. I regret exceedingly that my friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] has raised this ques-
tion. I think he ought to remember the courtesy
extended at the last session, when he and I were
