444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15.
wading when I wasiuterrupted, as being now com-
menced to be re-read, for I do not choose to have
my speech speckled over with all that has taken
placehere for an hour past. I be^in, after all that,
anew, and proceed as if nothing of the kind had
taken place.
[Mr. B. proceeded with his remarks at some
length, whicn, with the reply of Mr. CLAY, will
be found in the Appendix.]
The PRESIDENT put the question on the mo-
tion to grant leave to introduce the bill, but before
tha result was announced—
Mr. BE?{TON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and were—
YEAH—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Chase, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Feleh, Houston,
Jours, 3hirtd , 8ouI4, Walker, and Yulee— 13.
NAYS—Meaan. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury,
Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton,
Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Greene, IJaioJin, Hunter, King,
Mason, Miller, Morton, Vorris, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk,
Seward, Smith, Sprusnce, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood,
and Wales—31.
So that le ive was not granted.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent thefeiu, the doors were re-
opened.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move that the Senate take
op House bill 402, being an act to prescribe the
mod* of obtaining evidence in cases of contested
elections. I ask it as a matter of courtesy to the
House. It affects them, and cannot go into oper-
ation without our action upon it.
The motion wa  adopted; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill 402, as
in Committee of the Whole. The bill was read a
second time, reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, read atlurd time, and passed.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is a bill oikthe cal-
endar—House bill No. 75—an act for the relief of
Samuel Dewey. I am informed that he is an old
soldier in circumstances of great destitution, and
it would be an act of justice, charity, and propriety
to pass it. I hope that it will be passed, and I
now move to take it tip.
Mr. DAWSON. How large is the "appropria-
tion
Mr. DICKINSON. It is not much.
The PRESIDENT. There is a great many
communications upon the table which should be
disposed of.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the Senate now ad-
journ.
The question being taken upon the motion to
adjourn, by a division it was not agreed to—ayes
10, noea 13.
Mr. BADGER. As there is no quorum pres-
ent, I will renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is a quorum present
now, for several Senators have come in since the
question was taken.
Mr. BADGER. Very well, then; this will be
tha best way to find that out.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative; and thereupon
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satp dat, February 15, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock. The Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the'Union,
(Mr. Bml, in the absence of Mr. Meade, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
river and harbor bill.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, who was entitled to
the floor, addressed the committee in an hour's
speech against the bill.
Mr. F., in the course of bis remarks, comment-
ed with severity on the circumstances surrounding
the effort to enact this important bill at this late
period of the session, when it was utterly impos-
sible that its opponents could have a fair showing.
He urged the condition of the Treasury as a valid
reason against the enactment of the bill. He
argued at length to show that the Treasury was at
present in a condition equally as bad as when, in
1848, Mr. Polk, vetoed a river and harbor bill;
which act had been sustained by Mr. McLane,
on the ground of the indebtedness of the Govern-
ment. He next argued the constitutional ques-
tion involved, holding that the Constitution of the
United States embraced no provision justitying
the deduction of the power claimed from it. He
held tljat all the evils resulting from congressional
legislation had originated under views of the pow-
ers of the General Government on which those
demanding the enactment of this bill rested their
hope; and that, if such views ruled much longer,
the Union could not exist under them. He then
went on to show that if the policy contemplated
by this bill be carriod out for twenty years, hope-
less national bankruptcy would be the result; and
that the system involved great injustice in its dis-
tribution of favors.
Mr. CLINGMAN followed, in a speech of an
hour, in review of the whole system of Federal
policy in regard to slavery, internal improvements,
and taxation. He was adverse to any system of
internal improvements by the Federal Govern-
ment, as a general system, not on constitutional
grounds, but grounds of expediency. He was in
favor of appropriations for necessary and national
objects. He maintained that the New England
States had committed a great blunder by insisting
upon a high protective tariff, for the reason that it
had driven the South, in self-protection, to manu-
facture for itself. That, under a different system,
the South would have continued to be profitable
consumers to the East. He went on to show that
North Carolina, where labor and living were
cheaper by half than in the North, would be able,
after her manufactures were in a perfected condi-
tion, to undersell the manufactures of New Eng-
land.
Mr. TOOMBS next occupied the floor, in an
argument against the constitutional power of Con-
gress to appropriate money from the Federal
Treasury to works of internal improvement. He
opposed it also on grounds of expediency, main-
taining that if the policy was entered into, it would
swallow up all the means of the Treasury, and
swamp the Government itself; that if this bill was
passed, involving an expenditure of $2,000,000,
the money would have to be borrowed to meet
such an expenditure. If the Government, he said,
was going to enter into such expenditures again,
they should, at least, be made a system of, by
being made eaual and national,
j Mr. GORMAN obtained the floor, but yielded
i it to
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, who aaid that as
he had been asked whether it was his intention to
press the bill through that day, he would give no-
tice that at four o'clock (when the debate would
close by resolution) be would move that the com-
mittee rise, and resume the consideration of the
bill on Monday, with a view of disposing of it
then.
Mr. GORMAN spoke during an hour. He
denied that there was any constitutional power in
Congress to pass the bill. He denied the expe-
diency and good policy of passing it. He/illus-
trated the impolicy by reference to the system of
internal improvements adopted in his own State
•by log-rolling, which had involved that State in a
debt of some 015,000,000, and which had pros-
trated her credit. He further argued against the
impolicy of entering into such expenditures now,
by adverting to the condition of the Federal Treas-
ury. The Government, he said, was now in debt
some $84,000,000, which would be added to by
borrowing to supply an actual deficit of #7,000,000.
Besides which $2,000,000 would be added by the
new postage bill; #5,000,000 for French spolia-
tion; $10,000,000 for the indemnity to Texas, and
millions for custom-houses in California, and for
new lines of foreign mail-steamers; and some
850,000,000 would eventually be added by the
Whitney Railroad, or the great Benton railroad.
He asked the friends of the bill whether thepres-
ent and prospective condition of the Federal Treas-
ury warranted its passage? He said he could
view this bill in no other light than as one to in-
crease the tariff, for such would be its effect. He
wished he could have it in his power to say that
no Democrat had raised his voice in its behalf.
Mr. TAYLOR next obtained the floor, and -said
, that it was his purpose to ask the attention of the
j committee to some of the recommendations in the
annual message of the President. The bill now
before them afforded him an opportunity, and he
expressed his concurrence in this recommendation
for the improvement of rivers and harbors. He
could show that there were more appropriations
for rivers and harbors under General Jackson than
under all other Presidents. They amounted to
upwards of ten millions of dollars^ He was glad
of the opportunity to express his opinion that the
improvement of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers
and their tributaries was strictly constitutional, and
loudly called for by the best interests and com-
merce of the country—he meant the great internal
commerce, swelling to more than treble the foreign
commerce. He concurred in the recommendation
of the President, of the importance of modifying
the present tariff. The revenues of the country
demand it; the interests of our manufacturing cit-
izens demand specific for ad valorem duties. He
was, therefore, willing to modify the tariff so that,
while it would bring enough revenue to support
the Government, it would protect domestic manu-
factures. As a Whig, representing a Whiff con-
stituency, from a northern State, he highly ap-
proved of the recommendations of the President
for the settlement of all the questions which last
year so violently agitated the Union. The Presi-
dent acted with firmness, moderation, and pru-
dence; and, above all, with wisSom, which ought
to induce his countrymen to stand by him. He
believed thai nine tenths of the people are satisfied
with the settlement of the question, and will sus-
tain the President; and he referred to a letter writ-
ten by Mr. Webster, to citizens in Westchester
county, New York, saying that the President's
message in relation to tne settlement of the ques-
tion which last year agitated the country expressed,
, fully and plainly, the views of all those associated
witn him in the Cabinet as a compromise ques-
tion.
Mr. T. continued his remarks at some length,
in the course of which he was interrupted by Mr.
Giddings, in relation to the opinions of Mr. Cor-
win on the fugitive slave law.
Mr. Schekck and Mr. T. responded to Mr. Co-
dings in relation to the opinions of Mr. Corwm;
for a full account of which see Appendix.
[See Appendix for all these speeches.]
Mr. CLARKE obtained the floor, it wanting
five minutes of the time fixed for closing debate.
Mr. WENTWORTH (interposing) suggested
that the closing of the debate should be postponed
' for an hour or two, as there were still several gen-
tlemen anxious to address the committee.
! Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked thegentle-
j man from New York to give way to allow him to
move that the committee rise, with a view to
reconsider the vote closing debate.
Loud cries of "No!" "No!" and great con-
fusion.
Mr. McLANE. The object of my motion is
, not understood. The debate now closes at four
o'clock. My object in reconsidering the vote is
to close the debate, as I originally intended, at
, twelve o'clock on Monday. I now move that the
committee rise.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, begged to
call the attention of the gentleman from Maryland
, to the fact that the motion closing debate had been
I reconsidered yesterday, and that motion laid on
| the table. He could not, therefore, attain his.ob-
i ject if the committee rose.
Mr. McLANE said that it could be done by
unanimous consent in the House.
Mr. CLARKE. . My minutes are exceedingly
precious just now. I hope gentlemen will allow
| me to proceed.
The CHAIRMAN said that the question roust
first be taken on the motion to rise.
The question was then taken, and the commit-
tee refused to rise.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope the committee will in-
dulge me with the number of minutes to which
I was entitled when I obtained the floor,
j Mr. FEATHERSTON (interposing) inquired
I if four o'clock was not the time fixed on for
closing debate.
i The CHAIRMAN replied that it was, but that
hour had not yet quite arrived.
|; Mr. CLARKE, (resuming,) offered the follow-
I j ing amendment'' for the improvement of Sackett's
j Harbor on lake Ontario, and the removal'of a
! ship of the United States sunk therein, $10,000.
j Mr. C. said: I do not often trouble the House
! with remarks. I want but ten minutes now, and
!, if the committee will allow me that, I will not e*-
[l ceed it. The gentleman from Ohio has seen fit to
