THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Consress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1851.
New Series....No. 35.
introduce and discuss with much satisfaction, the
votes he gave and the course he pursued during
the last session of this Congress. I shall not fol-
low in Via wake, and like the devotees of Bacchus
at the feast of Alexander, of whom it was said—
" Thrice they fought their battles o'er again,
And thrice they slew the sHun."
I shall speak merely to the simple amendment I
have proposed. I am not going to discuss the
constitutional question here. 1 see that question
is in excellent hands. I am sorry that it could not
have remained on the opposite side ofihe House.
Light seems to be breaking in upon us, and the
old marble is beginning to crumble. We live in on
age of progress—progress in politics as well as
progress in everything else. There was a time in
ancient history—ecclesiastical history—when the
law of God was made of none effect through tra-
dition. Just so it is with the ancient Democracy
of this country. I was a Democrat. My father
before me, and all my ancestors, were Whigs.
The first song which ever I sung was "Jefferson
and liberty." I should like a good chance to sing
it now. [Roars of laughter, and cries of " Sing
it!"]
Why, sir, Jeffersonian Democracy was a very
different thing from the pseudo Democracy of these
degenerate days. In the better days of the Re-
public, President Jefferson said, " Place the spin-
ning wheel and the loom by the sideof the plough." I
President Jefferson was no friendto a great Navy; Jn
and John Randolph, of whom the sons of Virginia
ere justly proud, denounced this system which is
sow annually involving us in an expenditure of
£10,000,000. He denounced it, and said, " This
is that miserable system which every night brings
thousands of Englishmen supperlees to bed."
President Jefferson went for gun-boats. That was
his Democracy. What is our Democracy ?
Mr. JONES (interposing) inquired if the hour
had not arrived when this debate was to close ?
The CHAIRMAN said, the gentleman from
New York had submitted an amendment, on which
he had a right to speak.
Mr. JONES said, that when the debate closed
the gentleman who reported the bill had a right to
upeak for an hour.
Mr. CLARKE. I shall be through in ten min-
utes.
, The CHAIRMAN said, the gentleman from
Tennessee was right; but that by unanimous con-
cent the gentleman from New York could proceed.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. CLARKE. President Jefferson was a
friend 
The CHAIRMAN called die gentleman to order.
Mr. CLARKE. Th en I will go on and speak
to my amendment.
President Jefferson went for the ordinance 6f
1787—that blessed ordinance which devoted all the
territory north of the Ohio to freedom in those
days of progress. That has ceased to be Demo-
cratic—it is now a northern aggression. The ap-
plication of the same principle now to our terri-
tory is deemed by a large portion of the Democra-
cy to be good cause for a division of the Union.
The first time I have known a tariff for protec-
tion advised by any of our Presidents, is in one of
the messages of President Jefferson. That has
long since ceased to be Democratic; and in one of
the States of the Union, where Democracy has
full and unobstructed sway, it is deemed good
cause for secession from the Union*
The Democracy of President Jefferson was pa-
cific—it shunned ail war. Modern Democracy is
warlike—it goes for war and conquest. There is
scarcely a principle or practice of that great apos-
tle of Democracy whicn remains; the name only
remains.
President. Jefferson first, I think, of any of our
Presidents, recommended a system of internal im-
provements. That was good Democratic doctrine
till the State of New York wanted a portion of that
pame public domain which, in her generosity, she
had ceded to the Union, to enable her to make the
Erie canal. It then became unconstitutional for
35
the United States to aid internal improvements.
You gave his bronze statue the place of honor in
the Rotundo of this Capitol; then, having repudia-
ted his doctrines, you did well to turn out his
statue bare-headed, to the peltings of the storm.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Go*min] has
read us a lecture on the subject of Whig extrava- I
gance, and has more than insinuated that the debt j
of this nation is attributable to the Whig party.
Our debt originated in the war of the Revolution. '
The gentleman will hardly find fault with that
debt. The next debt incurred, was for the pur-
chase of Louisiana. The gentleman will hardly !
attribute that to Whigs. The next debt grew
out of the war of 1812. Does the gentleman com-
plain of that debt? Will he venture to impute j
that debt to any other than the Democratic party?
The next debt grew out of the purchase of Flor- j
ida. The next accession to that debt grew out of
that miserable war which was waged against the
Indians. The gentleman will hardly venture to
affirm that that miserable war and its abominable j
extravagances is attributable to Whigs. The next j
great accession of debt grew out of the late war 1 i
with Mexico, Will tbS gentleman say that the i
Whigs created that debt? In regular succession, ]
and as an incident to the war with Mexico, com^M
the J10,000,000 debt, which we have incurred, fV
hire Texas to accept of seventy million sqnare i
miles of free territory, and to graciously forbear to
go to war with the United States. I am not aware
that that was a Whig measure in its inception,
anfl am quite confident it Will not become so by
adoption.
Now, what has been the policy of the Whig
party? By a wise system of duties, by protect- \
lve tariffs, to create the means to extinguish the 1
debts which the Democratic party have created;
and it is amazing to hear the gentleman pretending
that the Whig party has created, or is reponsible
for any of these debts.
When it is alleged on this floor that ive shall,
in a few years, acquire all that portion of Mexico
that lies east of Vera Cruz—while expeditions
are fitted out against Cuba, and men of high rank
are engaged in that conspiracy—and when, to all
appearance, we are nearer to the annexation of 1
that Island than during the Administration of Mr. ;
Van Buren we were to the annexation of Texas,
is it to be wondered if Whigs should desire to
improve the country that we now own, rather
than to waste our means in the acquisition of
more? The bill which we are attempting to pass, j
has for its ebject the protection of the property of j |
millions of out people—its effect will be to save j i
thousands of lives. '
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. McLans,] who reported the bill, is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope, then, that gentleman
will let me proceed. I have a well-deserved com-
pliment in store for him. [Great laughter.] I
have before me a speech of his honored fathe*. I
want to quote a little from it. I want ten minutes
of his time. Will he grant it? "
Mr. McLANE said that he did not suppose
that any gentleman would object to this debate
closing at twelve o'clock to-morrow. He could 1
hot waive his privilege to close the debate, but ,
would move that the committee noifr rise, and in
the House would move to reconsider the resolu- 1
tion closing debate, and amend it so as to fix
twelve o'clock on Monday, which was the hour ,
at which he would address the House, if his con- |
venience was consulted. He moved the commit- j
tee rise. j
The question being taken, the committee rose, 1|
and Mr. Jones (in the absence of the Speaker) ;
having taken the chair, the chairman reported prog-
ress. |
Mr. McLANE moved to reconsider the vote i
closing debate on the river and harbor bill; pend- I
ing which motion
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved thattha h
House adjourn. *
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order in reference
to the motion of the gentleman from Maryland, i|
[Mr. McLane,] but waived it until the motion to
adjourn was disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, withdrew the
motion to adjourn, to enable
Mr. MORTON to ask for leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the papers in the case
of Commodore Jones, with a view of reference to
the Departments.
Leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the House thai
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ke.
"ftic following petitions, &c., were prescrad under fha
role, and referred to appropriate committees:
Mr. DORKEE presented the petition of H. Smith Young
and others, citizens, of Sharon, in the State of Wis-
consin, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law,
for th<? following reasons; That as American citizens they
feel themselves humbled that a law so odious to the spirit
and intention of the institutions of this Government should
have been passed by your honorable body, making it irap«-
rauve upon free citizens to aid and abet in the returning of
their fellow beings to perpetual bondage; and that said
law is an infringement Upon the rights, immunities, and
liberties of the citizens of this Republic.
Also, the remonstrance of John Picken and others, citi-
zens of Bock county, in the State of Wisconsin, against
the renewal of the patent for C. H. McCormick's reaping
machine.
Also, the petition of 6. W. Adams and SSI others, citi-
zens of the United States, praying Congress to cause the
public lands to be laid oil" into suitable farms and lots for
the free use of such citizens, not possessed of other lands,
ms will occupy them, and that said lands be ceded to the
States and Territories in which they lie, on condition tl)at
they dispose of them as above.
Also, the petition of Price H. Goodman and 43 others, of
Washington county, Illinois, praying for the repeal of all
laws and parts of laws adopted er enacted by Congress, by
which slavery ortlie slave trade is authorised or sanctioned
in the city of Washington, or in the District of Columbia,
and in the event of their non-repeal, the seat of the Na-
tional Government may be removed to some more suitable
place.
By Mr. JACKSON, of New York: The petition 6t
Charles G. F airman, an assistant marshal of Chemung
county, New York, and 57 citizens of said county, for an
increase of compensation for census duties. *
By Mr. ANDREWS: The petition of J. R. DeSerno, J.
Li. Merridan, and 15d others, citizens of Westport, Essex
county, New York, asking Congress ta impose specific du-
ties upon all articles of foreign merchandise that come in
competition with American products.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The remonstrance of citizens
of Illinois against the renewal of the patent of C.H. Mc-
Cormick, of Chicago, to his reaping machine.
By Mr. DIMMICK: The petition of Daniel W. Ding-
man and Wm. T. Wilson, of Pike county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the passage of a law by Congress to reimburse to
them the. money lost in its transmission by the United
States mail between Milfordand Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,
and to pay the damages sustained by them in consequence
of said loss.
By Mr. ROSS: The petition of David Jones, G. T. Har-
vey, and 35 other citizens of Bueks county, Pennsylvania,
asking for the same quantity of bounty lana for the volun-
teers of 1813, as was given to the soldiers of the Mexican
war.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 15, 1861.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his Pri-
vate Secretaiy, made in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of die 10th instant, transmitting a re-
port from the Secretary of State, on the said reso-
lution of .the Senate of the 10th instant, calling for
all the information communicated by the Mexican
Minister, M. De la Rosas, relative to the^d rafts
drawn by the Mexican Government on the Treas-
ury of the United States under the contract mads
by that Government with I. D. Marks, and the
wishes of the Mexican Government in relation
thereto. The Secretary says there is no informa-
tion of the character referred to in the Department,
nor is he aware that M. De la Rosas has at any
iime communicated to the Department any such
information, and sends a eopy of a note from M.
De la Rosas to the Department wherein it appears
that Mr. Edmund J. Forstall has made a contract
with the Mexican Government, pursuant to which
he has advanced to that Government $650,000 on
account of the installment due on the 31st of May
next, agreeably to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidal-
go. Tne message was read and ordered to be
printed.
