546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
A message was also received from the President
of the United States, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 28th of Jan-
uary, 18.H, reports from the Secretaries of State
and'Treasury, communicating all the correspond-
ence in the case of the British ship Albion, seized
in Oregon for an alleged violation of the revenue
laws; which was read and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Department of
State, made in compliance with the resolution of
the 31st ultimo requesting information touching
the expediency of adopting a graduated scale of
diplomaticservices, based upon the combined con-
siderations' of the importance of the mission and
the expenses of residence, &c. The Secretary
says, in reply, that the importance of the subject
and the necessity of obtaining information from
Tarious sources in order to enable the Senate to
form a mature judgment upon the whole matter,
together wA the advanced period of the session,
render it expedient, in his judgment, to defer the
answer to the next session, when a full communi-
cation would be made; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, made in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 31st of December last,
calling upon the Secretary to state what advan-
tages to the public service would be derived from a
transfer of the survejt of the coast from the Treas-
ury to the Navy Department, as recommended in
his report accompanying the President's annual
message, setting forth in full his reasons why the
administration of the coast survey should not be
transferred from the Treasury Department; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, made in compliance with the above
resolution of the 31st of December last, setting
forth the reasons why, in his opinion, it might be
Jhore appropriate and just, as well as economical,
to assign the coast survey to the Navy Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
'Also, a communication from the Department of
War, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 13th instant, inquiring whether or
not it would be expedient to surrender up the fort
ofChefMenteaur to the owner of the land on which 1
it is erected, transmitting a letter from the chief'
engineer stating that the fort ofChefMenteaur Pass
is an important military post, forming an indispens- !
able part of the works fortifying the approaches
to New Orleans, and that it would be inexpedient
to surrender up the fort to any person, whether
claiming title thereto or otherwise; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER moved to take up the report of
the Secretary of the Interior in relation to the room
necessary for the Patent Office, which was laid on
the table at his request a day or two since, that it
might be printed.
The motion was agreed to, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate presented a
memorial from the Committee of the Franklin In-
stitute of Pennsylvania, asking the appointment
of a committee to examine ana report on the ex-
pediency of amending the patent laws at the next
session of Congress, and tne postponement of all
further legislation until that time; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, asking a donation of land to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Dubuque to the
Red river, and for the construction of a bridge
across the Mississippi river at that place; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Philip
E. Voorhees, asking the reimbursement of certain
expenses incurred while in command of the United
States ship Savannah, in carrying envoys of the
United States to the Sandwich Islands and the
southeastern parts of Asia; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a me-
morial from ship-owners, ship-masters, and mari-
ners of the town of Barnstable and other towns on
Cape Cod, in the State of Massachusetts, asking
the improvement of the navigation of North river,
in Plymouth county, in that State; which was re-
I ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
I Also, documents in relation to the annexing of
Lynn to the collection district of Marbleheaa, in
Massachusetts; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from the
assistant marshals for taking the seventh census in
Cayuga county, in the northern district of New
York, asking to be allowed additional compensa-
tion.
Mr. S. took occasion to observe that he had
presented a large number of these memorials from
time to time, which had been hitherto referred to
the Committee of Claims; but as the Committee
on the Judiciary was thought to be th more ap-
propriate one, he would move that the present
memorial be referred to that committee, and if he
had the sanction of the chairman of the Committee
of Claims, he would move that that committee be
discharged from their further consideration, and
they be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE presented the memorial of the
legal representatives of John Forbes, asking the
execution of the ninth article of the treaty of 1819
between the United States and Spain; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Indiana in relation to the
' claim of Francis Vigo; which were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of citizens
Caledonia, in the State of Texas, asking that
mail route from Shelby to Henderson may be
so changed as to pass through that placet wnich
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial from citizens
of Clayton county, Iowa, asking a donation of
land for the construction of a bridge across Turkey
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Arkansas in favor of a donation of
land for the construction of a plank road from
Camden to Fulton, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee  n Public Lands.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a modification of
the bounty land law; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Michael
Nash, a guard of the penitentiary in the District
of Columbia, asking additional compensation for
the time he was employed on other duty in the
penitentiary; which was referred to the Committee
1 of Claims.
| Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial of citizens ,
I of New York, asking a modification of the patent i '
I laws; which was ordered to lie on the table,
i Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I am re- ,
Suested to present a petition of inhabitants of ;
•eer Isle, in the State of Maine, asking for the ,
establishment of a deputy collector's office in that
town. The petitioners represent that they now
have to do their business with the custom-house
at Castine, some thirty miles distant; that they are |
very largely interested in the coasting and fishing .
business, and own a great number of vessels; that ,
there are more than one hundred and fifty in that
town; they have occasion to change their papers
very frequently, and it would be a great conveni-
ence to them to have a deputy collector's office es-
tablished there. I make these remarks in the hope
that it may be found convenient, late as it is, for
the committee to give their attention to the sub-
ject at this session. It was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented seven petitions from cit- j
izens of different portions of Ohio, praying the
' immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law; which
: he moved to refer to the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary.
: On motion by Mr. GWIN, ordered that they
< be laid on the table.
[ Mr. BERRIEN. I have been requested to pre- ,
! sent the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce : j
| of the city of Savannah, in Georgia, asking the ;
! establishment of a navy-yard at that place. The ■
memorial represents that there is no site along the
; Atlantic seaboard that possesses the advantages
>j in position for such an establishment; that the i<
most recent surveys show a depth of water on [j
' the bar, and to within the Cockspur Roads,
I sufficient for the entrance of the largest frigates.
! The memorial also presents the gratifying fact that
, by expensive dry culture and draining in the sub-
urbs, no case"f autumnal or yellow fever has oc-
curred in Savannah for the Inst twenty years. I
beg leave to refer it to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ask that committee to give the sub-
ject all due consideration. The memorial was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have been requested
to present the petition of James Thomj son, who
represents himself to be the chief clerk in theThird
Auditor's office of the Treasury Department. Mr.
Thompson states in his memorial that he has occu-
pied that position for upwards of thirty years, and
that since his appointment the duties of the office
\ have been much more onerous than they were be-
fore. When he first went into the office there
were only about thirty clerks: now the number
has been increased to something like seventy or
eighty. He states that for sixteen years he has
been the disbursing officer for that branch of the
service, and of course has paid the salaries of the
' seventy employees in the office, and that recently
the amount of his disbursements has been some-
i thing like #80,000; whereas at the commencement
of his services they were but about $30,000 or
#40,000. During the time he has been the dis-
i bursing officer he has paid out $650,000 without
the loss of a cent to the Government. He praya
that in consideration of his long service and the
increased duties of his station, hereafter—he asks
nothing for the past—he may be allowed a small
percentage upon the amount of disbursements.
He calls the attention of Congress to the legisla-
tion of the past session upon that subject, and
refers to the act of Congress of August 12th, 1848,
• allowing percentage to paymasters, the disbursing
officers of the army, for disbursing the amount of
appropriations in satisfaction of the claims of sol-
• diers who served in the Mexican war. He also
refers to the act of the last session by which Cap-
tain R. A. Hetzell, an assistant quartermaster in
the*army, was allowed a commission of twa and
a half per cent, on disbursements made in the
Cherokee country in the years 1836 and 1838,
j amounting, it is believed, to over $10,000, in ad-
' dition to regular pay and emoluments. These are
i cited as precedents for legislation in his behalf; but
j instead of asking for anything for disbursements
I that are past, he only asks for the allowance*of
I one and a half per cent on his disbursements for
| the future. He says that while the duties of hia
I station are among tne heaviest and most compli-
, cated of any of the accounting officers of the
, Government, his salary is only $1,700 per annum,-
being $300 less than the chief clerk of fhe State,
Treasury, War, and Navy Departments, and Au-
1 ditor of the Post Office, and actually $100 less
; than he received as chief clerk prior to the reorgan-
, ization of the Treasury Department by the act of
; 3d March 1817.
The memorial was referred to the Conjmittse
on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am re-
quested to submit a petition of citizens of New
| York, who represent that they are all the persons
. in that city who are engaged in the manufacture
I of mathematical, optical, and philosophical instru-
ments. They represent that the tariff law, as it
now stands, permits the importation of such in-
struments free of duty as are required for the pur-
pose of education, and by academies and col-
leges, and that however necessary and proper such
a provision may'have been some time ago, when
colleges were poor, and the manufacturing of these
j articles was not established in this country, yet
now the home manufacturers are brought into
j competition with the manufacturers of sucn instru-
ments abroad, and the effect is most injurious.
They ask that they may be protected by a duty
of twenty-five per cent, ad valorem, to be imposed
on all such imported instruments. Without read-
ing, I ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
j The petition was so referred.
! REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mm SOULE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
importing merchants of the city of New Orleans,
asking an increase of the appraisers of the cus-
toms, reported a bill to increase the compensation
