1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54T
of deputr collectors and appraisers of the cus- |j
toms 111 certain cases; which was read and ordered '■
to « second reading. 1!
Mr. DAVIS,of Massachusetts, grom the Com- ,i
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred House :
bill No. 3S6 to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam," reported back the same without
amendment. |
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis- |
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the me- i
mori&l of the faculty of the medical department -
of Georgetown College in favor of an act of in-
corporation, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the same; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of James Frost in relation to his dis-
covery of a new element for the more safe and
speedy propulsion of locomotive power, reported
against printing the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the memorial of tUe
Chamber of Commerce of New York, in rela-
tion to the opening of a good inlet to Albemarle
Sound, reported against printing the same; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to which was referred House bill No. 436,
to authorize the Legislative Assemblies of the
Territories of Oregon and Minnesota to take charge
of the school lands in said Territories, and for
other purposes, reported back the same without
amendment, and said he was instructed by the
committee to ask its immediate consideration.
The Senate proceeded to consider said bill as in , j
Committee of the Whole; and, no amendment ,!
being made, it was reported to the Senate and or- j
dered to a third reading, was subsequently read a
third time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was referred House bill No. 421,
to amend an act entitled " An act to establish the
Territorial Government of Oregon," and "An act
to establish the Territorial Government of Minne- :
aota," reported back the same without amendment, I
and said he was instructed by the committee to ask |
its immediate consideration. I
There being no objection made, the bill was
considered in Committee of the Whole; and no
amendments being made, it was ordered to a third
reading, and was read a third time and passed.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill No. 85, for the
relief of Joseph B. Ward, reported back the same 1
with an amendment, and with instructions from
the committee to ask its immediate consideration.
The bill was accordingly considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Jt provides for placing the
name of Joseph D. Ward, who was a sergeant in
the volunteers in the late war with Mexico, on the
roll of pensions, at the rate of $20 per month, com-
mencing on the 9th day of March, 1847, and to
continue during his natural life. The amendment
proposed was that the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Isaac Watts Griffith,
late a sergeant in the army of the United States,
on the roll of invalid pensions at the rate of jJ16
per month, commencing on the 28th day of Octo-
ber, 1847, and to continue during his natural life,
in lieu of the pension to which he is now entitled
by law.
Mr. JONES. Mr. President. I will only say
that this bill, with the amendment, provides that
additional compensation be given to two brave
men who served with distinguished gallantry in
the recent war with Mexico. One of them, Ser-
geant Ward, lost one of his arms—which, I do not
now recollect—and has the other so mutilated and
disabled as to be of but little if any service to
him, on account of a wound in the hand. The
bill proposes to give him but $20 per month, but
ought, in my opinion, to give a much greater sum.
In the case provided for by the amendment—that
of Sergeant Isaac Watts Griffith—it is proposed
to give him but $16 per month for the loss of his '
right arm, whilst in battle at Churubusco, in Mex-
ico, and whilst he was leading his men into the
thickest of the fight, and which he continued to
do after the wound .was inflicted until constrained
to go off by the loss of blood, and the order of
his superiors. Such cases as these are rare, and |
call—not without reason, I think—for the sym-
pathies of this body, and of Congress. I beg my
friends to let the bill paas, as similar cases have
done by previous acts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi.* Some time since
I introduced a bill to found a military asylum. If
that bill should be passed into a law, all these
extraordinary pensions would be unnecessary and
improper. If that bill should fail, I will not op-
pose giving these extraordinary pensions to those
who have been disabled. I think we should not
make these special provisions until we have a
chance to try whether that bill shall become a law.
I hope, therefore, that tikis subject may be post-
poned until we can have some action on the bill
to found Jmilitaiy asylum.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator make
any motion ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not know
that there is any motion which I can make, unless
it is to lay the bill on the table, which I do not
wish to do. .
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can make
a motion to postpone it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will then move
to postpone its further consideration.
Mr. HALE. I desire to mak£ a single remark
with regard to the suggestion of the Senator from
Mississippi. If I mistake not, there was a bill
introduced some three years since for the relief of
Patrick Walker, who had lost an arm. The same
suggestion was then made as is now made. The
Senator from.Mississippi then opposed giving a
pension to Patrick Walker on the same ground—
that this asylum was to provide for such cases.
The Senate listened to the suggestion, and a pen-
sion of $40 per month was granted to him for one
year only; but when the year had passed away,
a petition came up from the same Patrick Walker,
and the Senate then renewed his pension for life.
The same suggestion was made three sessions ago
which is now made; but I think if there be any
merit in these cases, they should not be delayed
on aocount of the prospect of there being founded
a military asylum, which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi anticipates, but which it will be seen has
made no progress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. With great defer-
ence, I must say that the Senator's argument
seems to have very little in it. It is merely,
because the Senate has not passed a law, to argue
1 that it never will. The temporary provision re-
ferred to in the case of Patrick Walker might have
been renewed temporarily. It is certain that the
pension list.is swelling enormously, and that these
extraordinary pensions will have no limit. A
fixed law now governs them, and if it is allowed
. to remain in force, may make a military asylum
i of some value. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the further
consideration sf the bill be postponed until Mon-
day. I do it for this reason: I am not at all sat-
isfied that the principle in this bill is a correct one.
I do not know what is considered a total disabili-
ty under the existing laws; whether it is when
one arm is shot off, or both; but for a total disa-
bility the common soldier gets but eight dollars
per month under the general law. I have usually
been as liberal as most Senators in voting for these
appropriations. 1 voted to give the pension to
Patrick Walker; but I am not at all satisfied that
, the principle is a correct one. I know that when
appeals are made to our sympathies in strong lan-
guage, and a strong case is presented, we are apt
to be regardless of any principle on which we shall
■ base our votes, and we let the bill pass by accla-
mation. I consider this kind of legislation wrong
in itself. Whenever a bill is presented for private
relief, it should be passed upon some principle
upon which all similar cases should be decided.
Now, if it be right to give one soldier twenty dol-
lars per month, it is right to give all other soldiers
similarly situated the same. Those who have in-
telligence enough to come to the Congress of the
United States, or those who have friends to make
1 appeals to Congress for them, have the advantage
, over others. I think the principle is wrong, and I
should like to have time to look into the matter.
AH the House bills will be acted upon in the Sen-
ate sooner or later, and therefore there can be no
harm in delaying it till Monday.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope this bill will not be
postponed. I suppose the case is perfectly well
understood in the Senate, and I hoge H will be
acted upon now.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the Senator will permi^
j me to interrupt him, I will withdraw the motion,
and the vote can be taken now.
| The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes 24, noes not counted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in,
" The question then recurred on ordering the
amendment to be engrossed, and Ordering the bill
to be read a third time.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
: taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell. Borland, Cam,
Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Ewing, Fetch,
' Foote, Greene, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Joues^King, Miller,
Morton, Norns, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul6,
i Spruance, and Walker—31.
' NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Chase,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Hunter, Mason, Pearce,
i Tumey, Underwood, Upham, and Wlutcomb—13.
So the amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill ordered t<j be read a third time.
| SURVEYS OF SAN FRANCISCO BAT.
! Mr. GWIN. I wish to offer the following res-
j olution:
1' Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of directing the Secretary of
the Senate to purchase for the use of the Senate seta
of the recent surveys of the waters of the bay of San Fran-
t cisco and the river Sacramento, by Commander C. Ring-
11 gold, of the United States Navy.
II Mr. President, I hope this resolution will be
j acted on now, as the subject is one of great im-
!l portance to my constituents. These charts are
!' admirably executed, and not surpassed in accuracy
1 and beauty by anything of the kind that has been
published. Captain Ringgold, who made the sur-
veys, and is publishing the charts, is an officer of
the Navy of unsurpassed ability for the discharge
of this duty. His acquirements, experience, and
acknowledged integrity are a full guarantee of the
accuracy of the work. This is the only complete
survey of the bay and Sacramento river. The
commerce there is immense, as will appear from
the following extracts from the public press com-
menting on this subject: #
From the National Intelligencer of February 14th.
At the latest dates from San Francisco there were engaged
in the coasting and river trade of California the large number
of fifty-five steamboats. This does not include the steamers
running down the coast with the mails and passengers for
the Atlantic ports.
During the nine months ending on the 1st of January, the
shortest trip made between San Francisco and China was
performed by the British'barque Kelso, in forty-three days.
The next shortest by the American schooner Mary and
Eliza, in fifty days. Various other tguick trips were made,
varying from fifty-two up to seventy days.
California.—From the accounts given of matters on the
Pacific side of the continent, San Francisco is the wonder
of the age. A description of but one year's operations in
that city shows how extraordinary and suprising its growth
has been in that short period. During the year 1850 there
have entered the port of San Francisco, from all foreign
ports, 1,743 vessels; in the same period the number of ves-
sels which cleared was 1,461. The vessels arriving have
landed upon the Pacific shores 35,333 males and 1^48
females. The number which have left by said vessels and
steamers during the fame time was 26,593 males, and 8
females.
The total value of merchandise received from November
21st, 1849, to September 30th, 1850, in domestic vessels, was
$797,275 10; tonnage of vessels, 82,949 tons. Total amount
of merchandise received in foreign vessels during the same
period, $3,351,962 65; tonnage of vessels, 151,604 tons.
The amount of gold shipped during the year was $29,441,581;
bullion received, $1,722,600. There are now two lines of
steamships running regularly from the isthmus, which are
composed of eleven steamships. This number of steamers
running between San Francisco and Panama, is greater
than the number employed in the trade between New York
andLiverpool, and New York and Havre combined. There
are besides five other steamers engaged in the Panama and
Oregon trade. There are employed in the river trade forty-
six steamers, with an aggregate tonnage of 6,632 tons. San
Francisco has a population of35,000, which supportsMven
daily papers—as many as Philadelphia has with 400,000
population. But a few months ago there was nothing of
San Francisco but " cottfn houses now there are one
hundred and seven miles of streets laid out, one quarter of
which i£ built upon and occupied, and over seven miles of
it substantially planked. Sixty brick houses have been
built, and one marine insurance company has just been
started, with a capital of $500,000. These are some of the
chances which have been produced in San Francisco, and
they defy a parallel in the the history of any other country.
From other papers not now before me I am in-
formed that there are upwards of two hundred
vessels engaged in trade in the waters of the bay
