548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
of San Francisco. They are without charts, ^nd
great delay, and loss is occasioned by the want of
them. I have another reason why I wish the
.Government to have a large number of these charts
published. This work originated with the enter-
prise and liberal spirit of my constituents. They
raised the money that enabled Captain Ringgold
to equip an expedition and perform the service in
the admirable manner it is done. The enterprising
citizens of California have caused this survey to be
made, and the Government, which ought to have
made it without"imposing the expense upon private
citizens, should at least furnisn our commercial
marine with the 'work.
To show how the work was commenced and
has been completed, I will read the following let-
ter from Captain Ringgold:
" Washington, January 24, .1851.
"Mv beak Sib: In compliance with your request, I
have the honor to make the following statement in regard to
the recent surveys of the waters of San Francisco bay:
" During a visit to California in 1849 and 1850,1 was so-
licited by many enterprising citizens to undertake the sur-
vey of a large portion of the navigable waters, including
the Sacramento river to head of navigation, buoy out the
channels, and render to commerce every facility in my
power. At this time little was known of the rivers and other
waters. Vessels bound up to the points near the mining
districts were constantly meeting with delays and accidents
from want of knowledge of the channels. The citizens
raised the necessary funds, and I immediately organized a
hydrographic party. Buoys were constructed, anchors pur-
chased, and every preparation made to secure success. The
■urveys were made upon the principle of the coast survey
and exploring expedition. Tidal and other observations,
and every improvement which could in anywise add to the
usefulness of the charts have been carefully noted.
" The charts which you have done me'the favor to exam-
ine. and now in course of publication, are the humble re-
sults of my labors in the cause of California. I recom-
mend them, in full confidence, as faithful and aecurate.
The exclusive right to publish them was conceded to me by
the citizens for whom they were executed.
" I am, most truly yours,
"CADWALADER RINGGOLD,
" Commander U. S. Navy.
" Hon. W«. M. Gwin."
I have made these remarks and read these ex-
tracts from the public press and Captain Ring-
gold 's letter, to call the attention of the Committee
on Commerce, as well as the Senate, to the im-
portance of the subject referred to them.
The question being taken, the resolution was
Adopted.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate what are the rales which govern details in
the corps of topographical engineers; and also to commu-
nicate a statement of the duties on which each officer of
-■aid corps has been employed since 1838.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was concurred in:
Retolved, That the«Becretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to ascertain and report to the Senate what amount of the
stoek of the Louisville and Portland Canal Company was
subscribed for by the United States ; what additional stock
has been created, and how. the same has been disposed of;
what dividends have been received by the United States,
and when ; what arrangement has been made, if any, for
the purchase of the stock of said company, and with what
object: and whether the assent of the United States has
been given to said arrangement; and if so when, and by
whom; and what amount of stock is now held by the
United States, and by the several individual stockholders
respectively.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which lies over under the rule:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
to require the proprietors of the daily papers employed to
print the current debates of the Senate to publish the same
as furnished by the Reporters, without alteration being
made by any other person in their manuscript, and that so
much of the resolutions of the 11th August, 1848, and of
the 24th February, 1849, as authorizes the publication of
speeches revised or written out by Senators, shall be, and
is hereby, rescinded.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of
way through the public lands of the United States
to companies authorized by the State of Louisiana j
to construct plank roads in said State, with the j
right of preemption to a portion of the public
lands.
Mr. WHITCOMB gave notice that on Monday
next, or at some subsequent day, he will ask leave
to introduce a bill granting one half of the unsold
public lands to the State of Indiana, lying within
six miles on each side of a railroad from Martins-
ville, by way of Morgan town, to Franklin, for
the construction of the same.
FEES OF ATTORNEYS, MARSHALS, AND
• CLERKS. j
Mr. BERRIEN. I ask that the Senate proceed j
( to the consideration of-the unfinished business,
! which is the bill to regulate the fees of district
attorneys, marshals, and others.
After some discussion as to priority of business,
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and debated at great length, of which a
report will appear in the Appendix. Without dis- i
| posing of the bill, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
| Monday, February 17, 1851.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution making the
appropriation bills the special orderfor to-morrow,
j and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. STANLY objected until the river and har-
bor bill was disposed; of.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was not
in order at this moment, as there was a privileged
question pending which must be first disposed of.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that he be-
lieved the privileged motion pending was to recon-
sider the resolution to close on Saturday the
debate on the river and harbor bill.
The SPEAKER said that that was the pending
question.
Mr. McLANE said that his object in moving to
reconsider the resolution was to fix twelve o'clock
to-day as the time for closing the debate. He
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble.
The question being taken on the motion, it was
decided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The SPEAKER stated that the question next
pending was on the motion made by the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Wellborn,] on lastMon-
day, and which had laid over until to-day, to sus-
pend the rules to enable him to move that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from the further consideration of
Senate bill No. 210 entitled " An act to authorize
the Secretory of War to allow the payment of
interest to the State of Georgia for advances made
for the use of the United States in the suppres-
sion of hostilities of the Creek, Seminole, and
Cherokee Indiana.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whetlier it was
in order to move to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER replied, that such a motion
would not be in order pending the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. WELLBORN said that in view of the
pressure of business of more general interest to
the nation than this motion, he would, with the
permission of the House, defer it for the present,
trusting to the courtesy of the House to enable
him to take it up on some future occasion. He
would not withdraw his motion, but he asked that
it might lie over.
The SPEAKER stated that this could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAYMOND objected.
Mr. WELLBORN said that he must then in-
sist on his motion at this time.
. The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and two thirds not voting in the
affirmative, it was decided in the negative, and the
rules were not suspended.
The SPEAKER stated that the next question
pending was on the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to reconsider the vote by
which the House adopted a resolution authorizing
certain payments to the widow of Mr. Kaufman,
a deceased member of the House.
Mr. JONES said that he had but a word to say
upon that subject. The resolution directed the ac-
counts of Mr. Kaufman to be settled up to the end
of the session, instead of to the day of his death.
He thought this was wrong, and he therefore
hoped the House woald reconsider the resolution.
Thequestion was then taken on the motion to
reconsider, and it was agreed to.
So the resolution was reconsidered; and the :
question being on agreeing to the resolution as
follows—
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to set-
tle the acconnt of DavidS. Kaufman, deceased, late a mem-
ber of this House, allowing his per diem until the end of
the session, and pay the balance due to his widow; and that
the Speaker of the House be and he is heruby authorized
to pay the acconnt due the said deceased at the date of hi*
death, to his said widow—
Mr. JONES moved to amend the resolution by
striking out the words " to the end of the session,
and inserting the words "up to the day of his
death," in lieu thereof.
| Mr. GIDDINGS wished to inquire if the reso-
[ lution in its original shape was not in conformity
' with the general practice of the House? and
i whether it had not been the custom to pay the
! widows of deceased members up to the end of the
' session?
' Mr. VINTON said he had never heard of any
' such practice, and if there had been any such, the
: sooner it was arrested the better. If, for instance,
a member were to die the first or second day of a
long session, lasting seven or eight months, there
f would be no reason or propriety in paying his
i widow for the whole of that time.
■ Mr. HOWARD said that he was not in the
j House when the amendment was read, and he
should like to hear it.
[ The SPEAKER stated that the amendment was
| to strike out the words " till the end of the ses-
< sion," and insert instead, "till the day of his
1 death."
Mr. HOWARD said that if the amendment was
in conformity with the usages of the House, he
had nothing to say against it. He had inquired at
i the office of the Sergeant-at-Arms what was the
custom in such cases, and he would state to the
, House that the resolution which he had submitted
was a copy of the resolution adopted in the case of
Mr. King," at the last session.
Mr. VINTON had never heard of such a reso-
lution, and thought if passed, it must have been
passed through inadvertence.
Mr. FOWLER had not fully understood the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] and
wished to inquire if the gentleman had said that a
resolution similar to this had been adopted in the
case of his (Mr. F.'s) colleague, Mr. King?
Mr. HOWARD said that he had.so learned at
the Clerk's office.
Mr. FOWLER said that the gentleman was
misinformed; such was not the case at all.
The SPEAKER begged to refer gentlemen to the
case of the late Doctor Nes, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. VINTON said that if it had Keen done, it
must have been through inadvertence. At all
events, it was a precedent that ought not Jo be fol-
lowed.
Mr. HOWARD had understood that the reso-
lution. he had submitted was an exact copy of the
resolution adopted in the case of Mr. King. If it
was not so, he had nothing more to say upon the
subject.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to; and the resolution as amended
was adopted.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, to enable him to introduce a resolution making
the appropriation bills the special order for to-
morrow, and from day to day till disposed of.
Mr. JONES hoped the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would specify the bills he proposed to mak 
the special order. He would not vote to suspend
the rules, if the fortification bill was to be inclu-
ded within the special order.
Mr. BAYLY daid that he proposed to make all.
the general appropriation bills tne special order,
in the order in which they were reported.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked whether,
if the appropriation bills were made the special
order, they would not take precedence over the
river and harbor bill ?
The SPEAKER replied that, when the time ar-
rived for their consideration, they would take pre-
cedence of all business before the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON inquired if there were any spe-
cial orders now ?
The SPEAKER replied that there were none.
Mr. VINTON thought that there was then no
necessity for making these bills the special order.
The question being taken on Mr. Baylt'i mo-
