1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
tion to suspend the rules, it was decided ill the
negative.
So the rales were not suspended.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA.
Mr. INGE said that he had been urged by the
corporate authorities of Washington and George-
town to submit another motion to make the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia the special order.
Some time ago, the House made the business of
the District the special order, but. it was overrid-
den by other special orders. He hoped the House
would consent to do justice to the local business
of the District, by giving it another day. He
moved that the rules be suspended, to enable him
to introduce a resolution to make the business of
the District of Columbia the special order for to-
morrow. Pending this motion,
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland,
the rules were suspended, and the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Meade in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL. *
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] who reported
the bill, was entitled to the floor tor one hour, to
close the debate on the bill.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said: During this
debate many points have been touched upon, that
perhaps were not strictly at issue in the subject
immediately under discussion.
The political history of the past has been more
or less elaborately reviewed by the various gentle-
men who have participated in this debate. The
bill on your table has been objected to as a bill in-
volving all the mischiefs of a general system of in-
ternal improvements. Again, upon its own mer-
its, as judged of by a view of its details as a river
and harbor bill, it has been considered as equally
obnoxious with a more enlarged system of gen-
eral improvements. Before entering on a reply
to these objections, I may be permitted to make a
few observations in reference to remarks referring
more particularly to myself. My friend from
Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] seems to have been in-
dicated as the archer to aim at me the poisoned
arrow—an arrow poisoned somewhat with malice,
as well as folly. The malice I shall let sleep at my
feet, where it lira harmless, unless indeed, by some
unmerited turn of fortune, those feet may, per-
chance, be found upon the stool of power; then, I
shall find impatient to remove it those that let the
arrow fly.
Why the honorable gentleman should have felt
himself called upon to produce the Journal of the
House, and quote the record of yeas and nays on
certain resolutions in relation to Mr. Polk's veto
message, and point out my vote as given on these
occasions, is difficult to explain. It could not, cer-
tainly, have been that he disapproved of my votes,
because he voted with me on those occasions.
Neither could it be that he considered that those
votes could in any way affect the merits of the bill
under discussion; nor that they would expose me
to misrepresentation and misapprehension. It is
true, these votes were given under the pressure of
the previous question, notwithstanding which, T
had an opportunity, in general debate upon an
analogous question, to express fully to the House
the reasons that induced me to sustain the Presi-
dent, and to vote against the resolutions relating
to the Presient's veto and the other resolutions re-
ferred to. So far as my personal opinions, and
my character for consistency and steadiness as a
public man are involved in this question, so far as
my official relation to this House is concerned, by
those votes, my opinions were as well known in the
Congress where those votes were recorded as they
are known here to-day, as were also the opinions
of my Democratic colleagues on the committee. I
therefore submit to my friend from Louisiana that
his motive might be supposed to be, to injure me,
and embarrass me in my course as a public man,
. howsoever feebly.
Mr. MORSE. If the gentleman has concluded
his strictures on my remarks, I should like to
make a few observations by way of explanation.
Mr. McLANE. I have not yet concluded on
this point. When I have done I shall be glad" to
yield to the gentleman for explanation. Under
similar circumstances, I should not, nor indeed
shall I now take the trouble to search the record
for evidence of the gentleman's repeated depar-
tures from those principles of rigid and strict con-
struction of the Constitution and economy, of
which on this occasion he seems to be thechampion.
He considers this bill as a monstrous system of
internal improvements, and he protests against it.
He denounces me, in rather graceful phraseology,
as a " turn-coat," because I support and advocate
the passage of this bill. He tells methat unless I
am this "turn-coat," that he is a Whig, a Free-
Soiler, an Abolitionist, or anything, and in case
the bill passes, then all his doubts are removed,
and he will be a Disvnionist. That is his speech.
I do not doubt that he is in all four of these classes.
I do not doubt that he is all that he has painted
himself. But he must pardon me for saying that
he is all i^ith such confusion, and in such haste ,
and rapidity, that it would be very difficult to
I know and understand him in any one of these re- ,
i lations.
: Go and look over the Journals of this House, I
i and of the Senate, the very Journal that the honor- ;
{ able gentleman has quoted and brought into this
House to condemn and denounce the course which
I feel it to be my duty to pursue upon this bill.
Look at the votes upon Mr. Polk's and Mr. Ty-
ler's vetoes of river and harbor bills, precisely the
same in principle and in details as these bills on
your table—strict harbor and river bills, contain-
ing the same items in this bill. On these oc-
casions you will find the very men, the very
statesmen whom the honorable gentleman so en-
thusiastically admires and supports, and advan-
ces to and sustains in offices of the highest honor j
' and responsibility in this Republic, voting for
these bills. You will find the public men to whom
he would commit the destinies of this country
supporting these bills. Let him look, in all sin-
cerity and candor as a Democrat, at the list of
those who have filled the Democratic ranks, and
whom he would have preferred and did select as
leaders, he will find the names of Buchanan, Cass,
Dickinson, Douglas, Dix, Allen, McDuffie, Han-
negan, Sevier, &c.; and if he will go to the_records
of the Senate reports, as well as to the yeas and
nays, he will find in favor of the improvements of.
water-courses, the later and moat matured opin-
ions of the greatest of all southern statesmen—
Mr. Calhoun.
It is not necessary to take time in reading this
Journal, formy friend knows as well as I that the
votes upon these questions, to which I have called
his attention, are the latest votes given on harbors
and rivers—as late as 1844 and 1845. But he will
permit me, perhaps, to tell him and the committee,
that Buchanan is found voting for the Tyler bills—
the bill vetoed and the bill signed. Mr. Cass
voted for the bills Mr. Polk vetoed. Messrs. Dick-
inson, Dix, McDuffie, Allen, Benton, Sevier,
Douglas, &c., &c., are also found voting for the
bills referred to, in 1844, either the one vetoed or
signed. Now, what can explain my friend's weak-
ness, his want of steadiness, in the issues that he
takes with me? And if I were to trespass as much
as my friend on the freedom of parliamentary
speech, I conld ask him how he could explain his
folly? He exposes himself either to an impeach-
ment of fidelity to his principles or a want of in-
telligence in apprehending them.
If it so be that he has been an enthusiastic ad-
vocate and supporter of those public men, who
would encourage this Jackson policy of harbor
and river improvement, instead of the Whig pol-
icy already referred to,—I ask how can he except
himself from that character of Democracy and its
professors which I took the liberty to apply to my
friend from South Carolina who generally sits on
the opposite side of the House? [Mr. Holmes.]
Is he any more than a Cass and Butler Democrat?
or a Polk and Dallas Democrat? without the least
Regard to the principles or the measures that Polk
and Dallas advocate? or that Cass and Butler ad-
vocate? This definition, which I applied in deri-
sion and jest to my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmrs,] will attach itself to my friend from
Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,] ifiie fails to explain the
extravagant but explicit declarations of his opin-
ions on Saturday.
If he is, indeed, such an ultra man as he de-
scribes himself against river and harbor improve-
ments; if the passage of such a bill as tins will
make him a Disunionist—for that was his lan-
guage or a Whig, or a Free-Soiler, or an Aboli-
tionist; if the support of this bill cannot be tolerated
in a Democrat, how can he reconcile himself to the
support of men for the first offices in die Govern-
ment who are in favor of these very identical
measures ? How is it that he is an advocate of
Cass and Butler Democracy, and Polk and Dallas
Democracy? The committee must bear in mind,
that when my friend from Louisiana supported
Cass and Butler, he knew precisely what Cass
would do with reference to this question; and he
might have known what Butler would do, too, if
he had gone back to the record when Butler was
in Congress. My friend behind me [Mr. Botd]
tells us, that he [Butler] did not vote for them,
yet he was not so exclusive aa to refuse associa-
tion with those who did. He knew what Cass
would do. He, therefore, sinned with hi* eyes
open, and could be nothing more nor less than wnat
he gracefully terms a "turn-coat." [Laughter.]
So much for this record of my votes. So much
for these Journals. So much for the Democracy
that is involved in the passage or consideration of
that river and harbor bill.
Now a word to the gentleman from Louisiana
about the Democracy of Maryland. The gentle-
man made some allusion in his speech to the
Democracy of Maryland, or the Democracy of f
Baltimore, and he suggested to the committee that
perhaps the reason why she never gave a Demo-
cratic vote was because the leaders of the Democ-
racy in Maryland entertained opinions somewhat
like those which induce me to advocate this bill.
Now I have no right to expect much discernment
from my friend after the review 1 have taken of
his argument, but I do not think that he should
have indulged in so indisereet a reflection upon
the Democracy of Maryland or of Baltimore.
Louisiana, like Maryland, sometimes gives a vote
for the Whig candidate for the Presidency; and,
like Maryland, almost always votes for Demo-
cratic Senators and Democratic Representatives,
who you may find on the record voting together
for river and harbor bills, though my friend now
representing that State votes against such bills. I
have got the Journals here, by which I find that
for a series of years Democratic Senators and
Representatives from Louisiana have afWays sup-
ported these bills. I find, at a very late period, my
friend Mr. Slidell voting for Mr. Tyler's river
and harbor bill. My honorable friend from Louisi-
ana will not forget that that same Mr. Slidell was
the choice of the Democracy for United State*
Senator, but the Whigs obliged our friends to se-
lect another gentleman [Mr. Socle] to the exclu-
sion of the preferred choice of the Democracy. Am
I not correct in this?
Mr. LA SERE made some reference to Mr.
Soule, saying he was elected by Democrats.
Mr. McLANE said: I know it. My only
purpose was to refer to Mr. Slidell, not to Mr.
Soule, and am I not correct in saying that the
Whigs came to the support of Mr. Soule, and
made him Senator, when tHfey would not have
come to-the support of Mr. Slidell? Am I not
correct in saying that Mr. Slidell was the choice
of the Democracy, but failed of an election be-
cause he could not get Whig votes, advocate
though he was of river and harbor bills ? That is
the issue I make with the gentleman, and the only
issue. I say, therefore, that such allusions coming
from a Representative of Louisiana on this floor
are unfortunate and ill-timed.
So much, sir, for Louisiana and Maryland. I
understand his reflection to reach Baltimore city.
It so happens—I will not say that she is the Gib-
raltar, nor will I say anything that may excite my
friend's reflection upon the people of Baltimore—
but it so happens that she never voted for any
other than a Democratic candidate for the Presi-
dency since General Jackson's day to our own.
And further, it so happens, I think, that she never
sent a Democratic Representative to this floor who
voted against a river and harbor bill. So far as
she is concerned, I am satisfied as to the will of
my constituency . Baltimore also supported Jack-
son when he signed the river and harbor, bill,
and also supported Van Buren when he did so.
These river and harbor bills always comprised ap-
propriations for the harbor of Baltimore and for
the Mississippi riyer, so much> desired by the peo-
ple of Baltimore and of Louisiana, however in-
different to the voice of that people their tepresent-
ative upon this floor may seem. I understood
my friend from Louisiana, when he interrupted the
gentleman from'Mississippi [Mr. Featherston]
to say that he would not vote for the improvement
