560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
of the Mississippi, or of any of the rivers in his |
State, either as tney stood proposed in this bill^oi'
as separate and distinct propositions. So at least I
understood the i^ntleman. More than one of the
items "hi the bill have been placed there because
joint resolutions from the Legislature of his own
State have been passed ashing appropriations for
these objects. Will he tell me whether or not the
majority of that Assembly are Democrats? Will
he tell me whether or not the Governor of that
State was elected by Democrats? I know they
were. And yet, as the chairman of the Commit-
mittee on Commerce, I have to say that items
are contained in the bill, because of joint resolu-
tions deceived from that State, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce. One of these items—
an appropriation for the Mississippi delta—was
enacted into a law at the last session of Congress,
in a general appropriation bill; and I ask my
friend from Louisiana if he made any objection
to it, or to the principle involved in that appropri-
tion? My friend, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bayly,] did all he
could,! suppose, to exclude this appropriation.
The House will not forget, that if that appropria-
tion was put in, represented as Louisiana was and ,
now is, hy two accomplished and enlightened j
statesmen of the Democratic party in the Senate,
it must have been put in at their suggestion; and
if my friend from Louisiana was silent when that
bill came to the House, he cannot, as a man of
principle, arrogate to himself any other character
and judgment than one somewhat geographical and
sectional.
Mr. MORSE said he was absent.
Mr. McLANE. You ought to have been here.
Now, that is all I have to say in reply to the alle-
gation that those votes of mine in a former Con-
gress place me in any relation that demands expla-
nation,and with an apology to the House for having
consumed fifteen minutes of the time which I
ought to have devoted to the bill to incidental mat-
ters, I proceed to notice the objections which have
been advanced in opposition to the passage of the
bill. Gentlemen on both sides of the House will
concede that the argument against the bill has been
embraced pretty much in these two issues: first
! Mr. HOLMES. What do you really think
i Democracy to be ?
Mr. McLANE. Again that inquiry! In reply
to my friend from Soath Carolina, I should have
thought that he would have been satisfied with a
definition I have given him for his own personal
gratification; but if he again invites me to explain,
I may say that I think it is very easily explained,
either in this or in any other country. But befor.e
defining Democracy, I may premise that I do not
expect that my friends, either from Louisiana or
from South Carolina, will agree with me in that
definition, or that gentlemen from any State where
the suffrage is qualified, will agree with me, unless
they repudiate their own State constitutions. I
believe that Democracy consists simply*—
Mr. BURT, (interposing.J 1 wish simply to
set my friend from Maryland right. It is a mat-
• ter of surprise to me that the gentleman should
say that the sufFrage of South Carolina is quali-
fied 
Mr. McLANE. I refer to suffrage and repre-
sentation secured by it.
Mr. BURT. Sir, the suffrage of South Caro-
lina is not in the least restricted. Every white
man that has been two years a resident of the
State is entitled to a vote.
Mr. McLANE. If the gentleman will allow
me to proceed with my remarks, he will then better
understand what I intended to say. My remark
is not simply confined to the suffrage 
Mr. BURT. I repeat, that the suffrage of my
State is not restricted.
Mr. McLANE. I was about to say, when the
gentleman somewhat hastily interrupted me, that
my remark applies to the representation and suf-
frage, as they are arbitrarily established in South
Carolina. To continue my definition of what I
consider Democracy: I think that it is embodied
in the absolute and the sovereign right of the
people to govern themselves. I ao not know that
I can better define it than in this way. If I must
define yhat 1 mean by the ptople, I would say
that I refer to white citizens as the population.
Mr. HOLMES. What application have your
remarks to South Carolina?
Mr. McLANE. I am not speaking of South
of all, that this river and harbor bill is a bill to J Carolina now. In my opinion, Democracy in each
carry out a system of internal improvements—a
system which has been denounced and repudiated
bv the Democratic party of the country. Second:
That presented by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toom «,] is, whether that be so or not, this
bill itself is equally obnoxious with the general
system. The gentleman from Georgia had the
candor to make a broad distinction between the
two. He admitted that they were not the same.
He did say that the river and harbor system was
• system founded by General Jackson, when he
destroyed the system of John Quincy Adams, and
lie directed his arguWient as much againBt the one
as against the other. But, before I go fbrther, I
will return to another matter somewhat relating to
my own views of Democracy, suggested by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman.] The
gentleman said that it would have delighted him
if, in replying to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Holmes,] who asked me what Democ-
racy wat, I had said " that it consisted in a strict
construction of the Constitution, and the non-user
of aM doubtful powers." Well, sir, the gentleman
is a happy man to be satisfied with any such gen-
erality as that. Sir, I have never known any other
song sung, or any other rhyme tuned in this coun-
try by those who arrogate to themselves exclusive
excellence in politics, than that they are strict con-
tructionists of the Constitution as they understand
it, and are for the non-user of all doubtful powers,
as they understand the powers granted by the Con-
stitution.
State should consist in conceding to the people
thereof, each acting an equal part, the right to form
their own fundamental law, and within that law :
to govern themselves by representation according !
to population. Such is my notion of Democracy, j
It is not only expressed by universal suffrage, but
combined with it the proper representation of it. j
I would have, of course, representative government
based upon population. I should not have much
respect for universal suffrage without population i
as a basis for representation.
Mr. HOMES. Including niggers? ■
Mr. McLANE. Sir, you must have heard me
say white population.
Mr. HOLMES. Our representation is substan-
tially based upon that. |
Mr. McLANE. No, sir, that is not the basis
of representation in South Carolina. Like my ,
own State, it is founded on a basis of numbers
and a basis of territory, combined with a basis of
property.
Mr. HOLMES. Certainly; a concurrent ma-
J0X McLANE. I do not wish to be Inter- '!
rupted. I would have the representation of my • j
own State based on population alone, and I would ;'
call on the Democracy of Maryland  j j
Mr.HOLMES. I hopethat the Convention now
sitting will have too much judgment to do that.
Mr. McLANE. I should be sorry to see the
Convention of Maryland far behind tne expecta-
tion of the people of Maryland. Judging from the !
If I wanted to enact the demagogue, I do not || tendency and force of public opinion, which is
think I could find a better instrument in any State more irresistible than all the dogmas advanced hv
of the Union, than to give such a definition of
give
what«onstituted Democracy. I might, so defining
it, advocate anything, however inconsistent, ana
become the champion of men without regard to
measures.
Mr. HOLMES* Is that the Baltimore plat-
form?
Mr. McLANE. If my friend would take the
trouble to inquire, he would find Mr. Calhoun and
Lewis Cass both indorsing the same resolutions,
and both sanctioning systems of improvements
which suited their peculiar opinions.
more irresistible than all the dogmas advanced by !
my honorable friend, I have no doubt that in the i
course of four or five years, if not now, we shall i
have numbers as the basis of representation. I
Mr. HOLMES. It is mere speculation. J
Mr. McLANE. I would tell the honorable gen- I
tleman to let every man then indulge his own
dreams without offence. j
Mr. HOLMES. It is true that they are but j
dreams at best.
Mr. McLANE. Sir, they are dreams that will1
become substance and reality. When the popular
vote of Maryland shall have been taken on this '
11 subject,I venture to say that the result will be the
| accomplishment of the '«■ dreams" that I have ex-
I pressed here to-day.
! Mr. HOLMES. I hope it will not be so in
South Carolina. Ours is a good basis.
Mr. McLANE. I feel confidence in saying,
that in due time and season, from the State of
Maine to the Rio Grande, aye, even in South Caro-
lina, this principle will develop itself.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) I submit to the
gentleman from Maryland whether it is in good
taste in this reply to discuss the State constitution
of South Carolina, when he allows no one to re-
ply, and knows that no one can reply to him ? I
. would call him to order if I could be guilty of such
discourtesy; but I think he must see himself that
it is not in good taste.
Mr. McLANE. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will recur to the course of this debate, he
will see that I have been all along subjected to in-
terruption foreign to the bill by his honorable col-
league, [Mr. Holmes.] I certainly had no desire
to advert to his State, nor should I have done it,
h^4 I not been led by hi* colleague [Mr. Holmes)
to make some references, which necessarily in-
volved the existing constitutions of Maryland and
South Carolina.
Mr. BURT. Then 1 would suggest to the gen-
, tleman, that if he has any grievances against my
colleague they are of a personal character, and
that South Carolina should not be lugged in.
Mr. McLANE. The honorable gentleman's
colleague [Mr. Holmes] chose to insist upon a
definition of Democracy. 1 defined it to my hon-
orable friend, and I have to express to him my
regret that the Democracy of his own State should
be so far behind what I deem, to be the intelligent
views of my own people, and that he could not
sympathize with me. That is all I have got to
say. My reply was anxiously sought by my
friend from South Carolina on the other side of
the House, [Mr. Holmes,] and others have no
responsibility connected with this subject. Enter-
taining these opinions of what does constitute De-
mocracy, acknowledging the right of the people to
govern,and to be represented faithfully, and know-
ing that in advocating this bill I am executing with
; fidelity the wishes of the people I represent, may
! I not be surprised to find a gentleman who repre-
sents some other constituency interposing his
wishes, or his opinions, or those of his constitu-
ency, between me and my line of action, and sug-
gesting to me, as an obstacle in their way and
tnine, some dogma not known to the political organi-
zation that we mutually profess to support? Sir,
I am not to be moved from this course of duty by
such censorious criticisms, nor from the earnest
and zealous support of this measure, which I be-
lieve they approve.
Now,sir, to recur to the bill under consideration.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] con-
ceded in his argument to the committee that Mr.
Madison and Mr. Jefferson, whatever they might
have thought of the improvement of water-courses
and roads and canals, had not excluded from the
power of the General Government the improve-
ment of harbors. It is not necessary that either
he or I should waste time and ingenuity in ascer-
taining under what clause of the Federal Consti-
tution either Jefferson or Madison found their
power to improve harbors. It is to the other issue
alone that I would address myself. I venture to
say that those extracts from the messages of Mad-
ison and Jefferson which were presented to the
committee by thegentleman from Georgia, do not
exclude a well-defined system of improvement of
water-courses. The message of Mr. Madison to
which the gentleman from Georgia referred, is very
plain, and very marked in its phraseology. And
before I recur to those papers which were read to
the committee by the gentleman from Georgia, I
am very sure that I may be permitted to refer also
to other opinions, to other actions of the same
public men—not with a view to establish any in-
consistency on" their part, not with a view to de- .
grade those public men, as was intimated by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]—but sim-
ply and solely in order to interpret rationally the
documents which have been referred to. You
must first of all bear in mind that both Mr. Mad-
ison and Mr. Jefferson did sign certain river and
harbor bills, and did reject others. You must,
therefore, look first of all to the bills that they
signed, and to the bills that they fejected. in order
