THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17.
passage of the act, witbiti any bay, inlet, harbor, or port of
the United States, for rendering the navigation thereof easy
ud safe, should be defrayed out of the Treasury of the
United States; and further, that it should be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to provide by contracts, with the
approbation of the President, for rebuilding when neces-
sary, and keeping in good repair, the light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and public piers in the several States, and for fur-
nishing them with supplies. Appropriations for similar ob-
jects have been continued from that time to the present
without interruption or dispute. Asa natural consequence
of the increase and extension of our foreign commerce, ports
of entry and delivery have been multiplied mid established,
not only upon our seaboard, but in the interior of the coun-
try, upon our lakes aud navigable rivers. The convenience
and safety of this commerce have led to the gradual exten-
- *ion of these expenditures; to the erection of light-Houses,
the placing, planting, and sinking of buoys, beacons, and
piers, and to the removal of partial and temporary obstruc-
tions in our navigable rivers, and in the harbors upon our
great lakes, as well as on the seaboard. Although I have
expressed to Congress my apprehension that these expendi-
tures hare sometimes been extravagant and disproportion-
ate to the advantages to be derived from them, I have not
felt it to be my duty to refuse my assent to bills containing
tbem and have contented myself to follow, in this respect,
in the footsteps of all my predecessors. Sensible, however,
from experience and observation, of the great abuses to
which the unrestricted exercise of this authority by Con-
gress was exposed, I have prescribed a limitation for the
government of my ewn conduct, by winch expenditures of
this character are confined to places below the ports of en-
tiy or delivery established by law. I am very sensible that
this restriction is not as satisfactory as could be desired, and
that much embarrassment may be caused to the executive
department in its execution, by appropriations for remote
and not well-understood objects. But, as neither my own
reflections, nor the lights which I may properly derive from
other sources, have supplied me with a better, I shall con-
tinue to apply my best exertions to a faithful application of
the rule U|Km which it is founded. I sincerely regret that I
could not give my assent to the farll entitled 'An act to im-
'prove the navigation of the Wabash river;' but I could not
have done so without receding from the ground which I
have, upon the fullest consideration, taken upon this sub-
ject, and of which Congress has been heretofore apprised,
ana without throwing the subject again open to abuses
which no good citizen, entertaining my opinions, could de-
sire.
" I rely upon the intelligence and candor of my fellow-
eitizenS, in whose liberal indulgence I have already so
largely participated, for a correct appreciation of my mo-
tives In interposing, as I have done on-this and other occa-
sions, checks to a course of legislation which, without in
the slightest degree calling in question the motives of oth-
ers, T consider as sanctioning improper and unconstitu-
tional expenditures of pufflic treasure.
" I am not hostile to internal improvements, and wish to
jee them extended to every part of the country. But 1 am
fully persuaded, if they are not commenced in a proper
manner, confined to proper objects, and conducted under
an authority generally conceded to be rightful, that a suc-
cessful prosecution of them cannot be reasonably expected.
The attempt will meet with resistance where it might oth-
erwise receive support, and instead of strengthening the
bonds of our Confederacy, it will only multiply and aggra-
vate the causes of disunion."
General Jackson wouJd do for foreign commerce
what he hesitated to do .for domestic commerce, or
commerce among the States. Sir, what I would
do for foreign commerce I would also do for the
commerce between the States, so far as it was em-
braced by the principles which govern our action
in regard to foreign commerce. And again, Mr.
Polk does not differ widely in his first veto mes- i
sage from General Jackson, though in a subsequent I
message he took much more ultra ground. j
Let me now refer to the later and more mature !
opinions of one of the most eminent of all the 1
great southern statesmen (Mr. Calhoun) of our
generation. He says that the power to improve
the navigation of water courses was well defined
and easily understood. He would let the power of
the Federal Government commence where the
State power ceased. He says that it is true that two
States may make improvements in a river; but
that when it gets to three States it is impossible
that they should do it. Unquestionably it is so.
But I regret that he did not stop at one State. If
two States must come to Congress to get permis-
sion to do the work, and when Congress gives per-
mission, it is tantamount to Congress doing the !
work itself. And so it is in regard to tonnage du-
ties by the States, with the permission of Con-
freas—the commercial power having been surren-
ei;ed by the States tQ Congress, When Congress '
fives assent to an act of the State laying tonnage '
uties for commercial purposes, light-houses, piers,
improvement of navigation, &c., it is Congress,
ftna not the States, who exercise the power. It is
therefore only one mode of fixing a limitation to
the exercise of the power.
One won! in conclusion. In relation to the re-
marks that fell from the gentleman from Georgia,
to whose argumentl believe I have replied—though
;(^ret ' ^ave flowed myself to lose much time
of the poor hour assigned me by my own indis-
cretion m being drawn away from the legitimate
discussion of this subject—he concluded his ar-
gument by an appeal to the country, on the ques-
tion of economy. He stated, to this House and
the country, that the revenues could not exceed
$50,000,000, I think, and that the expenditures
were estimated at 452,000,000 or $53,000,000.
Now, sir, I have a different opinion on that sub-
ject. 1 wish to say, that, so far from the revenues
being deficient, with the balance of $6,000,000
which was in the Treasury at the end of 1850, the
revenues, I believe, will reach $59,000,000.
In support of his position, Mr. McL. then
read the following:
Mr. Corwin, in bis annual report, estimated the revenue
, for the fiscal year ending July 1,1831, us follows:
Customs t $45,000,000
Public Lands  1,967,000
Miscellaneous sources  635,000
$47,592,000
The actual returns for the first half of the
fiscal year, from July 1,1850, to December
31,1850, as ascertained, is $23,125,606 82
Jtdd actual retnrns for the month
of January, 1851, for ten ports. .$5,100,000
. Ports not heard from, including
California,Oregon, &c., &c.... 900,000
  6,000,000 00
I $29,125,608 82
Jlid for the remaining five months, average
§4,200,000 each, is  21,000,000 00
$50,125,606 82
•aid Lands $3,000,000
" Miscellaneous  625,000
  2,625,000 00
$52,750,606 82
Md balance in Treasury July 1,1850  6,604,544 49
$59,355,151 31
I say, therefore, the revenue can be safely esti-
mated at $52,000,000 for the fiscal y ear ending
July 1, 1851, together with the balance in the
Treasury, July ], 1850. Expenditures of 1851, as
appropriated, and to be expended, $53,853,598 00.
Here would be a balance of five and a half mil-
' lions, from which the excess in this bill over the
estimates for rivers and harbors could be easily
met. That excess does not exceed, I think, a
million of dollars, leaving four and a half millions
for other extraordinary and additional expendi-
tures.*
Mr. MORSE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a personal explanation, in re-
ply to what the gentleman who has just sat down
has said. I will not occupy the committee more
than ten minutes.
Mr. FOWLER objected.
Mr. MORSE then moved to amend the bill by
striking out the first section.
The CHAIRMAN said that there was an amend-
ment already pending.
Mr. FOWLER said that he would withdraw
his objection, as he had not understood what was
th" gentleman's object.
Mr. MORSE. I shall not take advantage of the
kindness of the committee to trespass for more than
a very few moments on their indulgence simply
for the purpose of making a personal explanation,
and to, reply to the tissue of miserable sophisms
that we have been entertained with for one hour,
And if I do not satisfy the Hpuse in ten minutes
of the fallacy of the gentleman's arguments, I
promise never to make issue with the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce again.
Sir, when the gentleman-who has just taken his
seat, who is the organ of one of the most important
committees in the House, undertook to tell us ex
cathedra what were the opinions of the Democracy
io the days of Madison, Jefferson, and Jackson,
and undertook, by a sort of side-blow, to denounce
those who differ to-day from what he holds to have
been their opinions on the subject of internal im-
provements, I venture to say that whatever might
have been their opinions, the gentleman from Mary-
land was certainly inconsistent with himself, and
diametrically opposed to himself, and I proved it
Note. This financial point was further discussed in the
subsequent debate, ahd Mr. McLane showed how steadily
oiir revenues were increasing in each successive year.
We increase for six months, ending December 31, 1850,
over the six months ending December 31,1849, was shown
to be over four and a quarter millions otf dollars, to wit:
Receipts from Customs:
{"Jy 1' 185®.January 1, 1851 $23,125,606 82
J uly 1,1849, to January 1, 1850  18,881,068 41
84,274,540 41
by his votes cm this question. Now, sir, the gen-
tleman is the father of a general system of improve-
ments of rivns and harbors. I endeavored to 1 eave
him a loop-hole which "he might have taken ad-
vantage of, by saying that perhaps, as the organ of
the committee, he was bound to present a measure
of which he. himself did not approve; but he
scorned to take advantage of that loop-hole, and
admitted that he went even further than the com-
mittee; and he boasted of his treason to what I
call Democracy; he boasted that he would have
tone further than the committee; that he would
ave increased the appropriations in this bill by
millions of dollars if he had not been checked by
the committee. The gentleman attempts to meet
my assertion that the distinguished statesmen to
whom he referred were not in favor of this system,
by reading a solitary exception to the rule, and by
showing that General Jackson and other distin-
guished Presidents have occasionally, under some
freat pressure from without, been induced to sign
ills contrary to their g-eneral principles. But in
every single message in such cases there is an
apology for that act, and an ingenious attempt to
draw a distinction. Sir, all that the arguments of
the gentleman amount to is, that these statesmen
have occasionally been inconsistent with them-
selves; but, sir, the gentleman has to-day endeav-
, ored, by a quibble, to get off from his inconsistency
I by saying, that these resolutions against which
| I have shown that he voted, proposed a mon-
strous system of internal improvements, and that
,j he would vote again against so large and undefined
! a system. Well, now, sir, this is the resolution:
" Resolved, That the General Government has the power
. to construct such harbors and improve such rivers as are
necessary and proper for the protection of our Navy and of
j our commerce, and also for the.defences of our country."
The gentleman voted"with a little corporal's
guard of fifty-three or fifty-four against that reso-
lution. And yet he has the assurance to rise in
; his seat here and tell this committee and die coun-
try that the city of Baltimore has always been
represented by men who have been in favor of
the improvement of rivers and harbors. The gen-
tleman when voting against that resolution, denied
the power of Congress to improve rivers for the
purpose of military defence, or for the benefit of
the commerce of the country. He has contra-
dicted himself to-day by voting to improve, at an
enormous expense, rivers that are not necessary
for the purpose of defence or for the protection of
the munitions of war. If the gentleman cannot
perceive that the resolutions against which he
voted, narrowed down the power to limits infi-
nitely smaller than this bill does, I am utterly at
a loss to understand his powers of conception.
But the gentleman, feeling the truth of the charge
of inconsistency which I fastened upon him, and.
which every man in this committee must per-
ceive, undertakes to defend himself by turning
upon me.
Well, sir, suppose that I had been inconsistent,
would that have been any answer ? But let us
see how the matter stands. Instead of taking the
record and pointing out a solitary vote given by
me during the seven years during which I have
been in Congress, inconsistent with the sentiments
that I profess to-day, what does the gentleman
do ? He reads us the votes of Mr. Soule in the
Senate of the United States. He tells us of some
joint resolution passed by the Legislature of
Louisiana. He tells us that a clause was insert-
ed in the last general appropriation bill for im-
provements in my State, and that I did not get
up to denounce it, when I happened to be soma
thousands of miles from Washington at the time.
Am I responsible for the votes of others ? Does
it fix the charge of inconsistency on me, because
some other^gentlemen may have voted in a par-
ticular way? And even if he had proved me.
inconsistent, would that have justified him? But
the gentleman brings it a little nearer. He says
that I voted for Cass and Butler, and he shows
that these gentlemen have occasionally voted for
bills similar to this. Well, suppose I did vote'for
Cass and Butler. It is very well known that the
Whigs, as a party, are in favor of a magnificent
system of internal improvements. And while I
agreed with Cass and Butler on most questions,
it may have been a source of regret, that I could
not agree with those gentlemen upon this ques-
tion. But it will be recollected that the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] whose name has
