1851.
THE CONGRE8SIONAL GLOBE.
553
been drawn into this debate, has never given us
a statement of his principles upon this subject.
It is stated that at Buffalo, the people there were
extremely anxious to hear something upon this
point, but the " noise and confusion "was so great
that we have never heard it to this day. Nojv,
there is one charge against me that the gentleman
has been led into by the error of the Reporter of
the Globe, which I desire to correct. I certainly
used very strong language, because I felt deeply;
and when I feel deeply, I do not care about weigh-
ing my words. But I am made to say here in the
Globe, that if this bill passed, I was in favor of
disunion. Now, I used those words, but there
were some other words between, which qualified
the position which I took in relation to disunion.
I was speaking upon the subject of this intermed-
dling with State rights upon the subject of slavery.
I said that this river and harbor business, this i
undertaking to go into the States, and embark in
a magnificent system of internal improvements,
was one of a series of encroachments upon the
part of the Federal Government upon the rights
of the States; and I went on to say, that it was
very much akin, and perhaps not less dangerous
than intermeddling with the slavery question. I
then went on to remark on the Union party, and
I stated that I was endeavoring to find my lati-
tude and longitude in relation to politics; and I
desired to state to the gentleman that it was never
my intention to read him, or any other man, out
of the Democratic party. But, on the contrary,
that I only desired to say that my position was j
that of the unfortunate wight who, finding himself
in one of' our western hotels, and being supplied
■ with a beverage, enjoined the waiter if that were
coffee to bring him tea, and if that were tea to
bring him coffee, but that he would have no more
of that. That is what I intended to say. I did
not intend to say that I was a "Whig, or a Free-
Soiler, or an Abolitionist; but that if the senti-
ments expressed by the gentleman from Maryland
were Democracy, I belonged to some other politi-
cal party. I then went on to say something upon
the subject of the Union, and the interference with
State rights, and that 1 had no superstitious devo-
tion for the Union; and, sir, I have none. The
Union was formed to promote the happiness and
prosperity of the whole people, and when it is
used by a reckless majority as the means of op-
pression—when a majority seeks to interfere with
the exercise of the civil or religious rights of the
States, I am then for coming out of the Union—
peaceably if we can, violently if we must.
Mr. CARTTER rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. McDONALD claimed the floor.
Mr. CARTTER asked the Chair if the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. McDonald] was entitled
to tie floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDONALD asked if the question before
the committee was not upon his amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said it was.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" For the improvement of the Wabash river above tbe
Rapids, the sum of $50,000. 
Mr. McDONALD. It was my desire when
this bill was under general discussion in this com-
mittee, to have obtained the floor for the purpose
of explaining my opinions upon it. I differ with
what appears to be the prevailing sentiment of the
great majority of the Democratic members upon
this floor in regard to the right of the Government
to make appropriations for the improvement of
the rivers, the harbors, and the lakes in this coun-
try. I shall take issue with no man, as to whether
the Government has the power to go into a gen-
eral system of internal improvements or not. I
do not think that it exists. If it did exist, I do
not think that it would be in accordance with sound
policy for the Government to exercise it. But
while the Federal Government retains sovereignty
over rivers, lakes', and harbors, I would like to
know if it is not appropriately within its province
to make appropriations for the improvement of its
own highways? If it has not the power, I would
like to know where that power resides.
I have offered this amendment not merely for
the purpose of making a speech, but I have offered
it in good faith, and with the hope that it may be
adopted.
I am not prepared to say, at this stage of the
bill, whether I shall support the whole bill as it
now stands or not. There are appropriations in
this bill which, in my opinion, are not within the
power of the Government to make—they tran-
scend the powers of the Government. I maintain
that this Government retains only the power to
make appropriations for the improvement of its j
own highways. So far as this bill makes such
appropriations, it shall have my cordial and hearty
concurrence. But I must sty, that it is not just ■
in its distributions to the different sections of the ;'
country. As far as the section of the country
from which I come, we have an appropriation for
the Ohio river above the Falls, an appropriation
for that river below the Falls, and for the Missis- 1
sippi river and its tributaries; but it seems it never
entered into the minds of this committee who
introduced this bill, that there was such a stream I1
in existence as the Wabash; and if it did, that
that river was navigable, and that there are cer-
tain obstructions in it which materially impede the ;
navigation of that stream. But it seems,because .
it is not regarded as a tributary of the Mississippi !
river, we are to claim no portion of the appropri- ;
ations which are contained in this bill. ,
I have said that there were difficulties in the nav- [
igation of that river. There are at certain points |
in the Wabash, sand-bars, which very materially i
impede the navigation of that river, and which the
public necessities demand should beremoved. That,
river is now navigable six months in the year. If
those obstructions were removed, the navigation
might be continued from eight to ten months in
the year.
Now, let me ask, if this Government has the
power, which few deny, to make improvements
in its own highways; and if it is to make appro-
priations in other sections of the country for the
improvement of those highways, I shall claim
equal-handed justice with the rest of the States; I
shall claim that comparative justice for this river,
in my own State, which the rivers in other sec-
tions of the 'country receive. I ask that the
amount which my amendment provides for—and
which I know is not an extravagant amount;
which is not more than simple justice to the sec-
tion of country which I have the honor, in part, to
represent—I say I hope this amendment will re-
ceive the favorable consideration of this commit-
tee, and that this House will mete out to us that
measure of justice which is our due, and which
has been so long delayed. This is all we ask.
Mr. CARTTER said: Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment just offered, and shall
continue my opposition to it until I shall hear bet-
ter reasons in its favor than have yet been given.
But it is not exclusively to oppose the amendment
that I have taken this occasion for addressing the j
committee, but for the purpose of explaining my I
reasons for opposing the bill. * |
I do not know that I comprehend the constitu-
tlonaljnetaphysics that have been introduced ifi i
the course of this debate for the consideration of j
the country; and I do not know that I have any j
desire to understand them. If I did, it would be j
impossible to draw any light upon the subject
from the experience of the great party leaders of
the past, oi;from the expressions of several of the
eminent party leaders of the present day. The
only result of reference to the experience of these ;
men has been to prove a perfect discordance of
i opinion on this subject. The only ground upon
| which I place the power of this Government to
1 make these improvements is the constitutional
1 right of levying and collecting revenues. This
Government has the power of floating a navy; it
: has the power of lighting that navy into safe
I harbors by means of lamps upon the seacoast. i
. It has the power of protecting the commerce of
the country by all the means necessary for its
protection. It has the power of opening the ports I
for the commerce of the country. Sir, I do not i
believe that this Government is a thing, or a
nothing; that is to be changed and directed by the \
freaks of fancy or the fanaticism of sectional
opinion. I believe it is an entity, is a fabric built
of too solid a material to be annihilated by the i
power of a single State. I believe it is a Deing
I naving existence, and the power of supporting
that existence. It is for these reasons that I shall
vote for such appropriations contained in this bill
as are designed for the protection of the commerce ;
of tbe country, and particularly the great internal >
commerce of the country on our western seas— j
those inland seas which bear upon their bosoms
a commerce amounting to $300,(306,000 annually,
and which send to their bottoms more than
$2,000,000 worth of property annually, by reason
mainly of a want of proper protection; seas which
send to eternity the mariners, and passengers, and
emigrants, who travel upon these waters, to the
amount of from two to six hundred persons an-
nually.
Mr. Chairman, in every point of view these
are national waters. They are waters which ex-
pose the country to three thousand miles of hostile
frontier—they are waters which have been signal-
ized and rendered immortal by the naval conquests
upon them daring the last war with Great Britain—
they are waters upon which a hostile fleet may
sweep from one end to the other in twenty-four
hours; and yet this vast amount of commerce is left
unprotected by any navy, and would be delivered
over to the mercy of an enemy in case of a war.
Why,uponthe coast of Lake Erie there is not a soli-
tary port which is not submerged by almost every
storm which wakes up the waters of that mighty
lake. If gentlemen on this floor will come here
and vote enormous appropriations for the mainte-
nance of our fortifications and for the support of
the Navy, and yet will refuse to vote for these ap-
propriations, they ought to be compelled to navi-
gate these lakes when worked into a fury by one of
the storms peculiar to them. It is the worst wish
I could give them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question now being upon the amendment
of Mr. McDonald, he demanded tellers, which
were ordered.
The question then being taken, (Messrs. Staw-
ton, of Tennessee, and Breck acting as tellers,)
it resulted—ayes 33, noes 84.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARKE offered the following amend-
ment:
'< For the improvenient of Suckett's Harbor, Lake Onta-
rio* and tbe removal of a atrip of the United Statei Nsvy
sunk there, $10,000."
Mr. C. said: I had prepared an argument upon
the constitutionality and general merits of this
bill, which I intended to have offered while it was
under general discussion, if an opportunity had
presented; but as I was denied the privilege of
making these remarks at that time, I shall con-
fine myself exclusively to the amendment which I
have offered. That amendment is subject to no
constitutional objection. It calls upon this Gov-
ernment to do a simple, plain, and obvious act of
justice. Sackett's Harbor is within about thirty
miles of Kingston, within the sound of the guns of
that powerfully-fortified city. It is a military
i post—the finest and most extensive barracks in
| America are there. It is a naval station, and
twenty-odd ships of war have been built there by
t the United States. One of them is now sunk in
) this harbor. It is, therefore, strictly constitutional
< to improve that harbor, as it forms a necessary
: point of the general defence of thg country. That
I harbor—and I beg gentlemen to pay a little atten-
I tion to the remarks 1 make—is formed at the foot of
! Lake Ontario, by a promontory running easterly
: from the main land into the lake about a quarter
, of a mile, thus embosoming that part of the lake
j lying between the promontory and the main land.
I This harbor opens to the east. Previous to 1812,
the general depth of the harbor was from nine to
1 fifteen feet, and it was comparatively easy of ac-
; cess. The promontory was at that time partially
covered with trees and shrubbery, the roots of
| which bound securely together the alluvial material
! of which it was composed.
! In 1813, the United States established a navy-
! yard there, and adopted it as a military post. It
j was the focus of all tbe naval and most of the
military operations of the United States on that
frontier during the war of 18.12. The United
States cleared off the promontory, and built ships
on it. There is now upon the stocks on the end
of that promontory one of the largest ships in the
world. The destruction of the shrubbery and trees
on that promontory, and the consequent decay of
their roots, exposed the alluvial material of which
it was composed to the action of the swell and
surge of the lake, and much of it was in conse-
quence removed, forming*a bar, commencing at the
east end of the promontory, and running thence
southerly about two thirds across the mouth of
the harbor, on which the water is from two to
