1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
Mr. CALDWELL appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. McGAUGHEY submitted, whether that
portion of the bill which has been put in by the
committee could be stricken out. at all ?
The CHAIRMAN said, it was in order to strike
out and insert, but it would not be in order to
strike out merely.
The question was then taken, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" and carried in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
_ Mr. McLANE. I only desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the importance of not in-
creasing the amount appropriated in this bill to so
great an extent as to operate in defeating the bill
itself. The bill, as it comes from the committee,
appropriates upwards of $3,000,000; and, so far
as my judgment is respected, I would resist any
increase of the"-aggregate amount appropriated.
And if we go on in making additional items, there
is no telling where we shall stop. I wish to call
the attention of the committee to the fact, that most
of the additional items which have been proposed
here came before the committee which reported
the bill, and were rejected by that committee. The
item making an additional appropriation for the
improvement of Lake Ontario, which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Clarke] has just pre-
sented, came before that committee; ana, after a ,
full investigation, we came to the conclusion that
it was not necessary.
Now, sir, the course which we are inviting this
committee to pursue, is the course, which every
committee opposed to the bill would be very glad
to have the House adopt. When the committee
have rejected an appropriation, the chairman of i
that committee, of course, feels it to be his duty to i
oppose that appropriation in the House. He i
might feel himself at liberty to go further: When !
he has reported an amount which is as much as he !
thinks ought to be appropriated, if a larger amount ' j
is introduced into the bill it might become his duty ji
to insist upon its rejection. I make this caution
and appeal to this committee, and that is all I have
to say upon this subject. • j
Mr. CASEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose j!
the amendment, to strike out and insert, offered by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. McLane,] and to express my sur-!
prise and regret at the course which he has seen
. proper to pursue in reference to this bill. I do not
recognize the right of any committee of this House,
composed of nine members, to come here with any
proposition, and especially one in which such great
interests are involved as are in the adoption of a ,
great system of improvements, and then to attempt J
to force it through this House without any alter- |
ation or amendment; and thus to smother the i
voice of the people's representatives in the appro- j
priation of large sums of money. This, like all
other committees, has the right to prepare meas- j
ures, and furnish information, but not in this man- j
ner to control the legislation of the country.
While, Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of a sys-
tem of improvements, the political party with
which I have acted have professed to be in favor
of such a system; but certainly, as I understand
it, with this limitation, that the improvements pro-
posed to be made are proper and necessary to pro-
tect, regulate or facilitate the general interests of;
commerce. This is what I understand to be the i
true doctrine upon the subject.
And holding these views, sir, I protest against
the principles upon which many of the details of !
this bill have been arranged. While there are ap- ,
propriations to some objects of great national im- j
portance in view of the wants of the commerce of
the country, yet I regret to say that there are also
many which, if not intended, are certainly calcu- t
lated only to benefit particular localities, and so far !
as the nation is concerned, are therefore partial i
and unjust. If we enter into a system of internal
improvements at all, let it be enlarged and liberal,
but judicious; and not this local, sectional, partial
policy, which seeks to advance local interests !
and private fortunes at the expense of the Treas- :
ury of the nation. While I differ with the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in most of his
positions on this question, I fully concur with ;
him, that in this matter, as in all others," equality
is but equity." And there can be no more cer-
tain way of bringing the whole system into disre-
pute, and making it odious to the country, than .{
I the exhibition we have here. Those who have
' been in favor with this committee, and the Topo-
graphical Bureau, have been enabled to get what-
ever for their section they may have desired,
while all others are excluded, and now those are
rallied and exhorted by the chairman of that com-
. mittee to vote down every amendment, right or
wrong, and in this way to force it through.
Now, the amendment offered by my friend from j
New York, [Mr. Clarke,] as he has fully demon- l
strated to the committee, commends itself, in my
judgment, to the favor of this committee much ,
beyond many of the appropriations in ihis bill.
And is he to be denied a fair hearing upon this
floor because he may not happen to enjoy the fa-
vor of that Committee on Commerce, or the corps
of Government surveyors ? Is his section of the
country, and that of every other member simi-
larly situated, to be denied the right of having
their propositions submitted to this House, ana
acted upon by the representatives of the people ?
Now, sir, I can only say, that I, for one, will al-
ways protest against such a course, and neither ,
the ties of party, or the combining of local and
sectional interests, can longsustain a system which,
without any fault in the system itself, but in those
who control it, confers local and partial benefits at
the expense of the Treasury of the whole country.
And while 1 shall endeavor to preserve and sus-
tain the system, so long as I have a voice to raise
here, I shall protest earnestly against not only its
abuse, but its prostitution to the advancement of
private and individual interests.
The distinction taken in regard to the right and
power of this Government to improve navigable
rivers, and improve harbors, to the exclusion of
all other means of commercial communication or
I transportation, I have been unable to perceive,
j It may, in view of the condition of the public
] finances, be prudent so to restrict the appropria- ;
I tions at the present time. But that the Govern-
> ment can make no improvements except upon the
! lakes, the large rivers, or the seacoast, is to deny
to that portion of the country more unfortunately
situated, all the bounty aad munificence of the
Government, although possessing the resources
I for a valuable commerce, if, by giving them their <
I due share of the public money, the means of con- 1
j ducting it were afforded them. If the Government |
! had the right to construct the Cumberland road— j
! a turnpike—why may they not have the right to
i construct a railroad or canal, or whatever may be
! necessary to facilitate the commercial intercourse
1 of the people of different sections of this country?
' I hold that the Mississippi, or the lakes, are no
more national highways than the Cumberland road,
J or any other thoroughfare which this Government
| might construct. :
I hold) then, Mr. Chairman, that the people of J
this country, who do not happen to live in the j
neighborhood of lakes or of navigable riven, as '[
gentlemen are pleased to call them, but who pay j
their proportion to the support of Government, <
and bear its burdens, are equally entitled to its
benefits, in projecting and carrying out a scheme
to aid and benefit the commercial interests. And I
I hope they may receive their proper consideration I
at the hands of this committee, notwithstanding
the appeals chat have been made to vote down all j
amendments.
[Here the hammer fell.] 1
Mr. TOOMBS moved to amend the amendment'
by striking out $14,000. He agreed with the gen-
tleman' from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Caset,] as to
the course of the Committee on Commerce. First
they come herewith such items as they may think
fit to present. They do not want the House to ,
adopt a general system of improvement, but their 1
system. The debate on the bill is confined to six
hours, of which these friends take, the greater
share. They close the debate, and will not allow
any item to be put into the bill, how important so-
ever it may be, except what they themselves have
reported. The chairman of the Committee on
Commerce urges the House not to vote upon the
amendments, whatever may be their justice or pro-
priety, unless they have been recommended by the
committee. There were some points in the speech
of the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
which he should take occasion to answer when the
House should go into Committee of the Whole on
some of the appropriation bills. In reference to
the estimates made by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [MR. McLaite,] he would say, that the Sec- ,
retary of the Treasury has shown that at the end
of (he year in 1852, you will be behind $865,000;
but the gentleman says that there will be a surplus
of six millions. The French spoliation bill is yet
to come before the House, as it has already passed
one branch, and $5,000,000 is the sum provided
for in that bill. You will have to provide for tea
millions of your debt falling due in 1853.
Mr. McLANE said: Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] That gentleman has al-
: luded to the estimates which I had made in this
committee, i am very sorry that he has mistaken
my position in relation to the bill. Sir, I beg to.
say to the gentleman from Georgia that I do not
think I have presented any argument in closing'
the debate which I did not present in the opening
argument.
Now, sir, as to the estimates to which the gen-
tleman from Georgia alludes, he says I might as
well have placed the estimate for the present year
at $10,000,000 as $5,000,000. Now, as the gen-
tleman has not in his remarks justified his asser-
; tions, but has merely made his assertions in the
form of a loose declamation, I submit that I owe it
tomyself to say that the estimates are well founded.
Six months out of the year for which my estimates
i^vere made have already passed, in which the act-
; ual receipts are $23,125,000. I have only estima-
j ted $50,000,000 for the year. In the six months
I which have already passed, we have received more
i than $23,000,000. One of the other six months
has already passed, and we have collected in ten
ports alone $5,100,000. I have made the very
moderate estimate that wehavereceived $1,000,000
| from all the other ports, making $6,000,000 in all
I during the month of January. If you take this
i month as the standard for the remaining five
: months of the half year, the gross amount of the
j revenues for the whole year would amount to
$72,000,000; but instead of placing my estimate
for the six months at six millions per month, I
have reduced it to about $4,000,000, making the
proper allowance on the period of the year.
Mr. TOOMBS (interrupting) asked if the gen-
tleman from Maryland estimated the receipts from
April to July by those of January ?
Mr. McLANE (resuming) said: Certainly not.
I have reduced my estimates upon the month of
January, from six to two millions. But to the
point. I have said that the revenues from customs
will, in my judgment, amount to $50,000,000 for
the fiscal year ending July, 1851—we havealready
received over $23,000,000 in six months. I have
placed my estimates for the remaining six months
at two millions less per month than we had re-
ceived in the month of January. I think if the gen-
tleman from Georgia will take these facts into con-
sideration, he will agree with me that $50,000,000
for the year is a moderate estimate from customs.
Now, as to his argument in relation to the French
spoliation bill, I can tell him that that bill does not
involve any portion of this $50,000,000. There ■
is no such bill as that to which the gentleman
from Georgia alludes, appropriating $5,000,000 in
money. The bill proposes to issue stocks. It
cannot therefore have any influence whatever upon
the condition of the Treasury at the end of the
fiscal year 1851.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY rose to oner an amendment, but
The CHAIRMAN said no amendment was in
order.
The question then being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,]
it was taken, and 61 gentlemen rose in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. ALBERTSON demanded tellers, which
were ordered, and Messrs. Robinson and Bocock
were appointed. The question was then taken,
and the tellers reported—ayes 67, noes 67—a tie.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the negative, and
the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWE offered the following amendment:
" For the survey of the Alleghany river, $10,000."
Mr. H. said: Mr. Chairman, I wish to say to
this committee, that this appropriation is very im-
portant to the Alleghany river, as it is the grand
artery of the Ohio. The Alleghany and Monon-
gahela rivers form the Ohio. The Alleghany also
goes into the State of New York, and the Erie
railroad connects with the Alleghany river at a
place called Little Valley, two hundred miles above
