THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J nj_—I— ! 1  1 ' 1 ■■■ I 'I'll' It Will  
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Sessiow.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1851.
New Series....No. 36.
appropriations altogether, or else we must pass
them.
The gentleman, my colleague, has no right to
say if you will insert the Wabash river he will
Vote for this bill. When you have done that
he will require you to strike out thp St. Louis
appropriation, and do various other things he in-
dividually wishes. Ijrepeat, he has no right to
say, if you will do all of these things he will vote
for the bill; because he knows these things can-
not and will not be done. He therefore puts his
support of the bill on an impossible condition.
No! Let the Democracy, if it must needs op-
pose this bill, at least oppose it openly and on
principle. Let my Democratic colleagues say they
are opposed to the bill, and that when the strug-
gle comes, on the final passage, .they intend to
vote against it, and not let them pretend that their
opposition is attributable to pretended injustice to
their own section.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, but gave way
Mr. McDONALD, who said: My worthy col-
league is mistaken in supposing that I was seeking
out a controversy with him on this subject. He
has chosen, however, to construe the few remarks
1 made with regard to the course he has thought
proper to pursue in reference to the appropriation
for the State which he and I jointly represent, into
an attempt on my part to fasten upon him a con-
troversy over this bill. Such was not my inten-
tion; but I stand, like him, ready to repel any
assaults that may be made upon me, either here
or elsewhere, for the course which I may choose
to pursue as the Representative of my district.
[Cnesof "Ohf" "oh!"]
Mr. McGAUGHEY. If I am to understand
that as an intimation that I am to meet the gentle-
man at Bladensburg, I must decline the honor.
[Laughter.]
Mr. McDONALD. No such invitation was
intended by the remark T made. 1 know my col-
league too well for that. My respected colleague
has told the committee that I was here sailing
under false colors. Now, sir, who made him such
a discemer of colors, as to enable him to detect
whether I was sailing under proper colors or under
false colors? I do not think that he has any right
to call in question my motives. I have told this
committee (and I believe my word is regarded, at
least where I am known) that I am in favor of the
improvement of the highways of this Government,
such as rivers, lakes, and harbors, while I am
opposed to every item of the bill that passes
beyond the strict limits of such improvement, and
fastens upon the Government and upon the coun-
try a system of internal improvements. I have
told this committee that if the bill is conformed
to that standard, I will give it my support. Now,
1 ask my colleague what is there in my pres-
ent position, or what has there been in ray pa£t
history, that induces him td get up and say,
that when I make these declarations, 1 am not
stating what my real sentiments are? He says
that because I was in favor of making the general
appropriation bills the special order, that there-
fore I am opposed to this bill. I do not think
that any such vote as that should be regarded as
the test of my sentiments upon a subject like this.
I have seen from the beginning of this Congress,
that we should be called upon by the present Ad-
ministration for enough money, without going
into any further expenditures than those which
were necessarily forced upon us; and knowing
the insidious character of a measure like this, I
was not disposed that it should be taken up out
of its order, overriding everything else, and post-
poning the consideration of the important general
appropriation bills till the last hours of the ses-
sion. My worthy colleague has certainly not
eulogized the fertility of the valley from which he
and! come heyond what it merits; and how he
can rejoice because an appropriation for the im-
provement of the river of our State has been voted
down, I cannot imagine. If it is right, if it is
proper, if it is just to the State from which he
ana I come, in the name of God, upon what prin-
36
' ciple can he justify himself in rejoicing that it has ,
been voted down! |
[Here the hammer fell.] j
Loud cries of'' Question '•'' from all parts of the
Hall.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the committee rise.
Mr. MILLER, of Ohio, called for tellers on the
motion, which were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler
and Durkkf. were appointed.
The question was taken, find the tellers report-
ed—ayes 23, noes 102. j
So the committee refused to rise.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mc-
Gaochey's proposition, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYL\ moved to reduce the amount of
the appropriation proposed to be stricken out to
$25,000.
Mr. B. said: I desire the indulgence of the com-
mittee for a few momenta, whilst I make a remark
that ia due to myself and to the committee over
which I preside, in response to a remark from the
fentleman from Indiana on the other side of the
louse, [Mr. McGaughey.] The gentleman stated
that my object in persevering in motions to make
the appropriation bills the special order, was with
a view of defeating this bill. Now, sir, I am in-
capable, in any official capacity, of any such par-
liamentary manoeuvre 
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I did not say that the
gentleman persevered in his motions with a view
to defeat this bill, but that that was the effect of
his motions, and that my colleagues supported his
motions with that view.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman undertook to
avaign his colleague [Mr. McDonald] for voting
to sustain me in those motions, inasmuch as his
votes tended to defeat this bill. Now, sir, I have
felt from the outset, and I have tried to make the
House feel, that the appropriation bills are in great
peril. They are in greater peril now than they
have been, and they will be in greater peril to-
morrow than they are to-day. We have but
twelve days of the session left, and there are eleven
appropriation bills to be acted on. That only
leaves a little more than one day to each bill; and
when you consider that those bills have to go to
the Senate, and will probably come back with
amendments which will liave to be discussed, you
will see that there will be really less than half a
day for each of these general appropriation bills.
I wish to say, further, in reference to the effort
which is made here to prolong the debate on this
bill under the five minutes rule, that unMfea a dif-
ferent disposition is manifested on the part of the
House, the general appropriation bills cannot and
will not pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interposing.) I desire to
ask the gentleman whether all the appropriation
bills have yet been reported ?
Mr. BAYLY. All of them but one have been
reported. Ten of them have been reported "to the
_ House. And it was under a high sense of their
imperative duty that the Committee of Ways
and Means—seeing thit the House had but little
time to give to the consideration of the appropri-
ation bills—have sought,under the circumstances,
to scrutinize them closely before reporting them.
As I have said, there are now ten awaiting the
action of this House.
Mr. McLANE. I desire to say that I fully
appreciate the anxiety of the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to get at
the general appropriation bills; and I will say that
I trust that this committee will not rise until it is
ready to report the bill to the House.
Mr. BAYLY. The remark of the gentleman
from Maryland renders it necessary for me to say
that it was entirely unnecessary, so far as I am
concerned, as the gentleman and the committee
know, that I have exerted myself all this day to
get this bill clear of the committee.
Mr. ASHMUN asked if the gentleman from
Virginia did not know that at least six motions to
rise liad been made, and all by gentlemen on the
Democratic side of the House.
. Mr. HALL moved the committee rise.
The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused to rise.
Mr. BAYLY. I will say in reply to the gen*
tleman from Massachusetts 
Mr. DUER rose to a question of order. He
believed the gentleman from Virginia was not
speaking in favor of or in opposition to liny
amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I think it proper, when an in-
terrogatory is addressed to me, that gentlemen
should indulge me by permitting me to reply*.
The gentleman from Massachusetts cannot pre-
tend but that the rules of this House were over-
rode to bring this bill before the committee, to the
exclusion of the general appropriation bills, against
the wishes of this side of the House. This bill,
not necessary to the operation of the Government,
was made to supersede the general appropriation
bills by the action of the other side of the House.
[Confusion in the Hall.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayi.y's
amendment to the amendment, and it was reject-
ed.
The question then recurred on Mr. McDon-
ald's amendment, and the question being taken,
it was also rejected.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg to say to the House——
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called the gentle-
man to order, but afterwards withdrew his point
of order.
Mr. BAYLY. Before it is  
Mr. DUER (interposing) said that if the gentle-
man from Virginia was allowed to proceed by
general consent, and his remarks had a tendency
injurious to the bill, some gentleman on the other
side must be allowed to reply to him.
Mr. BAYLY. I assure my friend that my re-
marks will have no such tendency. I desire only
to move that the committee rise, in order that I
may introduce a resolution that the House shall
meet hereafter at eleven o'clock.
Mr. WENTWORTH. We will do that after
we have passed the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the committee rise.
The question was put, and the committee refused
to rise.
Mr. BAYLY. This is the only day on which
the motion can be made, and I hope the committee
will rise to let the motion be made in the House
before it gets any later.
Mr. McLANE called the gentleman to order.
Mr. BAYLW. I move that the committee rise.
I have a right to make that motion.
The question being taken, the committee refused
to rise.
Mr. FREEDLEY offered an amendment, the
purport of which was not heard, nor could it be
ascertained; which was ruled out of order by the
Chair.
The Clerk proceeded to read the next section
of the bill, as follows:
" For the continuation of the Delaware breakwater,
$50,000."
Mr. HOUSTON said: It is to that paragraph
which I propose the amendment which I have sent
to the Clerk's desk to be read. It is the same
amendment which was presented a short time
since, and ruled out of order. I believe it is in
order now. I therefore offer it to come in at the
end of the clause read above.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" And that full power and authority ii hereby gi^en to
John W. Walker, of the town of Lewes, Delaware, to con-
struct, at his own cost and expense, a floating dock in the
harbor of the said Delaware breakwater, and to move the
same at such points of tbe stone-piles thereof as may he
convenient; and also to construct a small houde on the
said stone pile, for the accommodation of the fixtures and
machinery of said dock, subject to be removed from, the
6aid harbor and the said stone pile, whenever be shall be
notified and required by the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States to remove the same, or either of them."
Mr. McLANE. That amendment ia riot in or-
der at the* present time, under the decision of the
committee.
lir. HOUSTON. I will state, in regard to-this
amendment- 
Mr. McLANE. I call the gentleman from Del-
aware to order.
