562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
Mr. HOUSTON. I apprehend I have a right
to state the object of the amendment.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman is out of order
in stating anything in regard to the amendment,
which in itself is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I wish merely
to state 
Mr. McLANE. The amendment is clearly not
in order. It is not to amend the section, but to add
an additional paragraph to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose to add a
new paragraph, but merely to complete the para-
graph which is already there. [Laughter.]
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chairrules the amend-
ment to be oftt of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon what ground ?
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground that it
proposes an additional appropriation, and is not
necessary to perfect the paragraph.
Mr. HOUSTON. It proposes no appropria-
tion 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled the
amendment to be out of order. The Clerk will
read the ne^t section of the bill.
It was read, as follows:
" For the improvement of the Ohio river above the Falls
at Louisville,$80,000." %
Mr. MARSHALL offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the clause just read:
"For the purchase of the'stock in the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company, which remains in the hands of
private individuals, so as to render the navigation around
the Falls of the Ohio free of tolls,' $385,000."
Mr. McGAUGHEY made a point of order
against the amendment; and
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment, to be
out of order, according to the former decision of
the committee.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I desire to offer an
amendment to this paragraph. I move to insert
after the word "the" the words " natural chan-
nel," so that clause will read: •
" For the improvement of the natural channel of the
Ohio river, above the Falls at Louisville, #80,000."
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, I wish merely to
make a remark upon this amendment. There has
been a great deal of bad management in the ex-
penditure of appropriations upon the Ohio river.
Obstructions have been made in the channels by
the officers of this Government, in the vain at-
tempt to change the course of the natural channels
of the river. In doing so, they have generally
made them worse. This fact renders these ap-
propriations for the removal of obstructions in that
river exceedingly unpopular among the people in
the neighborhood where these appropriations have
been expended. They do not desire money to be
appropriated as it has heretofore been appropria-
ted, or rather applied as it has fceen heretofore
applied. The Government has appointed men to
superintend and direct these, improvements, who
know no more about the navigation of the Ohio
river than the Ohio river knows about them. I
mean the engineers. As I before said, in conse-
quence of the obstructions which have been made,
under the direction of the Government, the navi-
gation of the river has been made worse than it
was before the Government took it under its fos-
tering care.
I therefore move this amendment, the effect of
which will be, that when the money is appropria-
ted for the improvement of the Ohio river, the par-
ticular direction for which it is appropriated may
be pointed out.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move an amendment to
the amendment, to increase the amount to be ap-
propriated to #150,000.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. The gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,J or myself, is under a
misapprehension. I specified no amount to be ap-
propriated for the improvement of that river.
Mr ROBINSON.- That is just what I pro-
pose to do. I move that the amount be increased
to «150,(>f>0.
Mr. CABLE. But my amendment did not
specify any amount at all; it merely provided for
the manner in which appropriations. shall be ex-
pended.
Mr. ROBINSON. I understand that. My ob-
ject is to move an additional amendment for in-
cre^iner tlie amount. #
The CHAIRMAN. There is an •amendment
pending, which must first be disposed of before
the amendment which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Robinson] proposes to offer will be in or-
der.
Mr. McDONALD. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce [Mr.
McLane] whether the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Cable] meets his concur-
rence or not ?
[Cries of "Order! order!"]
The question was then taken on the amendment !
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cable;] and it i
was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I now move to increase the
appropriation for the Ohio, from $80,000 to
4150,000. As my colleague [Mr. McGaughey]
has charged some of my other colleagues with sail-
ing under false colors, I would like to know
whether he includes all his colleagues in that
charge ?
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I excepted only two.
Of course the honorable gentleman who has the
floor is one of those I have not excepted.
Mr. ROBINSON. I do not understand to what
my colleague alludes when he talks of sailing un-
der false colors. I desire him to explain.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. Does my colleague wish
an answer?
Mr. ROBINSON. I do.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. Some of my colleagues
profess to be in favor of this bill, whilst their ac-
tions show that they are against it. They will I
not even vote for the bill should the amendments
they themselves offer prevail. Therefore I say
they have no right to be considered among the
friends of the bill. They have no right to sail
under these colors. This is what I referred to
when I spoke of them as sailing under false col-
ors.
Mr. ROBINSON. As far as I am concerned,
-I have never pretended to be in favor of the bill.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. If my colleague avows
his opposition to the bill in any shape, and will
not vote for it if his own amendment is adopted,
then of course I exonerate him from the charge of
sailing under false colors.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have always voted against
such bills whenever they came up. I shall vote
against this now, if I have an opportunity to meet  
the question fairly. I told my constituents that I
should vote against it, and that I would not vote
for a bill of this character if they should put in
#400,000 for the Ohio. I shall vote for no system
of internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment. I never said I would so vote, and I believe
I never shall. I am opposed to it upon principle;
and I will not concede that the General Govern-
ment has the right to make these improvements, i
My constituents will be satisfied with the simple
fact, that if those two millions, in round numbers,
are appropriated for the purpose of internal im- ;
provements this year, the Government will have
to borr<^v money, and they will have to be taxed
to furnish it. They have already had some useful
lessons at home in this very matter. But I wish
to call the attention of my constituents and the
whole country, especially of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi valleys, to this important fact, that this bill,
which has 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
point of order, and that is, that the gentleman is
not supporting his amendment at all.
Mr. ROBINSON. Wait until you hear me
I was just coming to that point. The
Whigs in the section of the country I represent,
were in favor of internal improvements, and my
political opponents met me upon the stump with
this argument, that you will vote away millions for
the Atlantic and the northern lakes, but nothing
for the Ohio river. I say, I will vote for no ap-
propriations for internal improvements for any
section of the country in the present condition of
the Treasury. I wish to call the attention of
these gentlemen to this fact, that in the two mil-
lions of appropriations authorized by this bill,
there are hut $80,000 appropriated for the Ohio
river above the falls—the river that washes six
or seven of the best States of this Union. I say
to my friend from Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] that
this is a sectional measure. I have no doubt he ,
intended to report an impartial measure that would
benefit the different sections of the country alike;
but it so happens that we get but $80,000; and in
looking over the constitution of the Committee on
Commerce I find that the Mississippi valley has
not a solitary sentinel upon the tower to watca her
interests there. The northern lakes have Went-
worth and Bingham. I know that the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Featherston] is upon
it; but he is a gentleman known to be opposed
upon principle to all these internal improvements.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Loud cries of " Question!" " question!!"
Mr. GORMAN. I do not desire to make a
speech. I hope that the committee will give me
their attention. I would ask my colleague over
the way from the Putnam district, [Mr. Mc-
Gaughet,] if he means to include me in his remark
when he speaks of his colleagues sailing under
false colors? 
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to know what is the
question before the comrnitflse?
Mr. McGAUGHEY. The question is, whether
I am to smoke out my colleagues or not. [Laugh-
terj
The CHAIRMAN. It is only in order to speak
against the amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I ask if it is in or-
der to speak against the amendment of my col-
league?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to speak against the
amendment, for the reason that I think $80,000 is
too much for the Ohio river, unless it is expended
in a different manner from what the appropria-
tions heretofore made have been expended. I
will vote for the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr Cable,] to confine the improve-
ments to the natural channels of that stream. And
I would take now the statements of old and expe-
rienced engineers and steamboat men, rather than
the opinions of your graduates from West Point.
These experienced men tell you that the system
of internal improvements has injured instead of
benefiting the Ohio. I have a word to say to my
colleague over the way. I have to say to him that
I took issue with my competitor upon every stump
through my district, declaring that I should not
vote one dollar of money from the national Treas-
ury for works of internal improvement. That
was the only distinct issue made. 1 have avowed
myself here against this measure, and shall vote
against it, regardless of whatever appropriations
may be put into the bill, whether for the Wabash,
Ohio, or any other stream. Mr. Chairman, va
have got to fight this question. We may as well
commence it now while this matter is in its infancy,
before it grows to a mammoth growth, so that it
will break down and destroy this Government and
its revenues. For my part I shall vote against
such appropriations.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cable's
amendment, and it was not agreed to
Mr. CALDWELL proposed to offer an amend-
ment. He did not, he said, know whether it was
in order now or not. If it was not, he wished to
know when it would be in order?
The amendment was read, as follows:
" Provided, That no portion of the money appropriated
by this bill shall be expended until it shall be ascertained
that the current revenues of the Government shall be suffi-
cient to cover all the expenditures authorized by this aBd
all other acts of Congress for the year ending June 30,1852."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a point
of order, that it was not in order to offer th«
amendment at the present time.
The CHAIR ruled that the amendment would
only be in order at the end of the bill.
Mr. McDONALD offered an amendment, to
come in at the end of the appropriation for the
Mississippi river, the Ohio below the Falls, <fcc.,
viz:
" For the improvement of the Wabash river above the
Rapids, #120. 
Mr. McD. said: It will be observed, Mr. Chair-
Mr. MARSHALL made a point of order
against the amendment, that it provided for an <
appropriation for an object distinct from the para-
graph to which it was proposed to be attached.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. McDONALD desired to call the attention
of the House to that section of the bill to which
he offered an amendment. It was read, as fol-
lows:
" For the improvement of the Mississippi river, the Ohio
river below the Falls at Louisville, and the Missouri and
Arkansas rivers, $940,000."
Mr. McD. contended that the amendment
which he proposed to offer waa for the improve-
