1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
ment of the river which forms a part of this very
etream provided for in the paragraph read. He j
maintained that the amendment was germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is simi-
lar to one which has been already decided by the'
Chair, and, therefore, it is out of order. Does the
gentleman take an appeal ?
Mr. McDONALD. The sum I propose is dif-
ferent, and 1 take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN has decided the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
McDonald,] making an appropriation for the
Wabash river, to be out of order, and from that
decision the gentleman takes an appeal.
Mr. McDONALD asked for tellers, but they
were not ordered.
The question was then taken, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee? and decided in the affirmative. So the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky. I believe, sir,
that the appropriation in the bill is $240,000 for
improving the navigation of the Mississippi. I
move to increase that sum to $350,000.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I am instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to make that mo-
tion at the proper time.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman make
that motion ?
Mr. McLANE. No, sir. I simply gave no-
tice that I would make the motion when .the proper
time arrived.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will then withdraw my
amendment.
The next paragraph was read, as follows:
" For the repair of the dam at the bead of Cumberland
Island, in the Ohio river, $50,000."
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, moved to amend that
section by striking out the word " repair," and
inserting in lieu thereof " removal."
Mr. C. Mr. Chairman, it is urged upon me by
the river men of Ohio, to use what little influence
I have, to get that dam removed. It is a mere
ledge of rocks th*own in there upon which prop-
erty to the value of millions of dollars is lost
in boats that are staved. Hence the neeessity of
removing it. It is the opinion of those who navi-
gate the stream, that a dam can never be perma-
nently built there, which will not involve great
destruction of property. The object of throwing
the rgcks into the main channel in that place, was
to change the eurrent of the river and carry it over
to the Smithland side, there being a bar at the
lower end on that side. It seems impossible to
change the channel, and indeed, a competent en-
gineer would never undertake to obstruct the main
current of the Ohio river by throwing rocks into
the channel for that purpose. If he desired to
change the current of the river, the diversion would
be commenced miles above. I am informed
from good authority, that millions of dollars worth
of property have been lost on that ledge of rocks,
thrown in there by the authority of the Govern-
ment. I offer this amendment, as I did the other
one, in good faith, and I do hope that each and
every member who desires to improve the naviga-
tion of the Ohio river will vote for this amend-
ment. I repeat, it is to strike out the word " re-
pair " and insert "removal."
Mr. BOYD. I regret that the gentleman from
Ohio has felt it to be his duty to make the motion he
has submitted. For, sir, if there be an item in that
bill possessing merits far above all others, it is
that which proposes to repair the "dam" at the
head of Cumberland Island in the Ohio river. The
gentleman proposes to remove the "dam," and
in support of that proposition he offers his opinion,
that for all the great interests concerned, it will be
better to remove than to repair that structure.
Now, sir, in opposition to this solitary opinion of
the gentleman, we have the judgments of one thou-
sand four hundred and forty-eight memorialists,'
who appeal to us in the most earnest and impres-
sive manner not to remove, but to repair the
"dam." Among those memorialists we find the
Merchants and Insurance Companies of the cities
of New Orleans, Memphis, Nashville, Clarks-
ville, Louisville, Cincinnati, and intermediate
towns; and last, though not least, we have the
names of one hundred and ninety-four masters and
other officers of steamboats navigating the Ohio
river—all—all bearing the most unequivocal testi-
mony in favor of repairing the work. These me-
morialists clearly set forth, and as clearly estab-
lish the fact, that the " dam" was originally con-
structed for the double purpose of relieving the
navigation of the Ohio and th#Cumberland rivers
from formidable obstructions occasioned by the
formation of sand-bars at the head and at the foot
of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river, and that
although, from unavoidable causes, the "dam"
never was completed, that from its construction
in 1834 to the time of its giving way some three
years ago, the dam did accomplish that -desirable
object. ,
In addition to this, I have before me the report
of a competent engineer, (Colonel Long,) which
is clear to the point that, by repairing this work,
the current of the Ohio will be thrown into the
channel on the Kentucky side of the island, by
which the accumulation of sand-banks will be at
once swept out, and the navigation of the Ohio
river be thereby made as good as God and nature i
made it, on the one hand, whilst the navigation of
the Cumberland river would be relieved from the j
most formidable obstructions to be found in that
stream, from the city of Nashville to its junction
with the Ohio river. Sir, aside from its having j
settled, the proof is entirely clear that no breach
has been made in the original " dam," but that
throughout its entire length it remains entire and
unbroken, and retains its original form and posi-
tion as perfectly as when first constructed, except
the breach which has occurred between the lower
end of the " dam" and the head of Cumberland
Island, where the " dam" appears to have been
but partially built, and was not sufficiently deep
and broad to resist the undermining influence of
the water.
Sir, from the whole history of the case, the con-
clusion is irresistible, that by the application of the
appropriation proposed, the work may be com-
pleted and rendered permanent, and the munifi-
cent purposes of its original construction secured
forever to the commerce of the Cumberland as well
as the Ohio river.
One word as to the necessity of action, immedi-
ate and efficient action on this subject. By the
sinking of the " dam" in one place, and a breach
in another, the water of the Ohio river has been
diverted from the Kentucky chute, and its naviga-
tion destroyed, and the navigation of the Illinois
channel so obstructed by means of the " dam" as
to subject all ascending steamboats, in addition to
delays and dangers, to a tax of from $50 to $100
each, to pass the " dafti" by means of local steam
power during the whole of the low-water season.
[Here the nammer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cable, and it was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the item
which reads, " For the repair of the dam at the
head of Cumberland Island, on the Ohio river,
$50,000," by adding thereto the words, " and also
the removal of so much thereof as will leave the
channel free for navigation."
Mr. S. said: Mr. Chairman, the House will
understand the effect of this amendment. Instead
of appropriating for the repair of this dam, or for
its removal, I propose to leave it in the alternative
with the engineers, under the direction of Govern-
ment, to repair or remove, as they may determine
the case shall require. My own belief is that the
work is but an obstruction, injuring the navigation
of the river, and ought to be removed in whole or
in part.
I would not have troubled the committee about
this matter, as 1 have not with anything else du-
ring this debate, but for thepeculiar circumstances
in which I am placed. I am pledged to a great
many citizens, captains of steamboats and others
interested in the trade and travel on the Ohio river,
to bring the subject to the attention of this House.
When that pledge was made I was having myself
some experience and lively sense of the existence
of the obstruction of the river at that point. I
was left two days and a half lying there, a pas-
senger in a little steamboat in which I was ascend-
ing—or at that time trying to ascend—the river,
and had an opportunity of learning fully the char-
acter of the difficulties at that point. I am no en-
gineer; but I made a thorough examination of th$
work and its condition, and became satisfied that
it ought to be removed. In a small boat—a yawl—
I went about the channel, above and below Cum-
berland and Dog Island, and on both sides of the
river, and observed the course of the currents and
the shallows and bars, and was convinced that the
dam, or a portion of it, had better be taken away,
for that no repair would probably put the naviga-
tion of the river at that place in anything like as
good a condition as it was naturally. This was
not only the result of my own observations, but
the conclusion also, I believe, of all the other pas-
sengers and navigators of the river who were there
with me in several steamboats, all detained to-
gether at the same time. You may be sure it was
a subject of interest to us, under such circumstan-
ces, and our attention was fairly bestowed upon it.
The extreme low stage of water, too, "enabled ua
to see and examine with advantage. Indeed, I was
led to doubt whether the intended improvement
was ever anything better than a local work for the
benefit of the town of Smithland. But however
that might be, I think there was an original mis-
take made in running the dam too straight across
the stream from the middle of Dog Island to the
head of Cumberland Island, instead of starting
from the head of Dog Island, against which the
bend of the river sets the current. If this be so, no
repair would avail anything without a new dam.
But I do not think this committee ought to un-
dertake the work or judgment of engineers; and,
therefore, I have proposed, that instead of pro-
viding for either the repair or the removal of the
same absolutely, it shall be left to the discretion
of the Government officers or agents to be em-
ployed on the work. If they decide to remove, it
I will only require as much of the obstruction ~to be
taken away as may be necessary to secure a free
and clear channel. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] has told us of a memorial of ninety-
seven boat captains in fevor of the repair of the
dam. Well, sir, I can bring against the opinions
' of those captains, to back my own decided con-
! viction, acquired, as I have told you, on the spot,
the just as decided belief concurring with mine, of
, the scores of persons who were with me there, in-
cluding, in the cqjirse of the time, the captains and
pilots of eight or nine steamboats. Now I have
! great faith in that sort of testimony which cornea
right up from the spot. Those who so testify are
1 apt to have a feeling sense of what is in the way,
and to appreciate the best mode of getting it out of
their way. With them it is no abstract Speculation,
but a present and very practical thing.. I recollect
j one old fellow whom I found there with a scow,
| or a sort of keel boat, who had then been there, he
] told me, with his nose against the lower side of
j the dam, for seven long weeks, waiting to get
, over. He was bound for some place only sixty
: miles above, where he was carrying a boiler and
! machinery for his iron works. He was still
there when I left, and how much longer he stayed
j I do not know. He may be lying there now for
j aught I knoi^. [Laughter.] The only manner in
| which he could get over the obstructions was by
| hiring another boat as a tug, which let down a
i float to us at the end of a cable or hawser from
' above the dam; and catching by that and making
i fast, we were dragged up. For this service, ours
I being a small stern-wheel boat, we paid but thirty
' dollars. The usual price for such help to each boat
I that came was fifty dollars. There was one boat
I lying constantly, at that time, above the dam, r«-
! joicing, I think, in the name of " The Countess,"
i or some other aristocratic appellation, the proprie-
| tors of which had provided her for this duty, and
were making large profits by these tolls levied from
] your citizens. And this, I believe, is the condi-
' tion of things from two to three months every
; year. It ought not to be so. Your improvement
' is now only a nuisance. My amendment pro-
! poses to do just what may be ascertained to be
j best for abating it—either to repair or remove; and
i I hope it will receive the favorable consideration
! of the committee.
' Mr. EWING said.-Mr. Chairman, the., bill
of the committee proposes an appropriation of
$50,000 for the repair of the dam at the head
of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river. The
amendment of the gentleman faom Ohio proposed
to amend the bill, by adding after the word repair,
or removal, so that it may be left optional with
the officers of the Government, whether the dam
should be repaired or removed. I am not very
much afraid that the officers would undertake to
remove the dam, if the discretion on that subject
was vested in them, for here is the report of Mr.
Long, the engineer, who, after submitting his
estimate* for the cost of the repair of the dam.
