W51.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
565
Mr. McLANE aaid that he was epeakiug in
opposition to the amendment.
Mr. BURT said that he had made no remarks
on the amendment, and the gentleman had there-
fore no n>;ht to replv.
Mr. Me.LA.NE hoped the committee would
vol? dow n the motion, on account of the import-
ance of this improvement to the general commerce
of the country.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
. merit was not agreed to.
Mr. MA RSHALL offered the following amend-
ment as an additional paragraph:
*■ For the construction of sna* and dredge boats, to be
ewplojed on the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, $100,000."
Mr. M. said: The appropriation of $50,000 for
the construction of these boats upon the coast of
Texas suggested to my mind the fact that all these
boats u|k>u the western waters were destroyed.
To reconstruct them would require almost the en-
ure sum made for the improvement of the rivers.
I trust, therefore, that this or some other amend-
ment will be carried to enable the appropriation
that lias been (Uready made applicable for the re-
moval of various obstructions to the navigation.
Mr. STRONG moved the committee rise, as it
had already gone through the paragraphs of the
bill.
Mr. MARSHALL suggested that pending his
amendment a motion to rise was not in order.
Mr. STRONG remarked that a motion to rise
was always in order; he did not move that the
committee rise and report the bill.
Mr. McLANE stated that he had an amend-
ment he desired to propose.
Mr. STRONG demanded tellers on the motion
to rise, and they were ordered.
The question on rising was taken by tellers,
Messrs. McLean, of Kentucky, and Thomas
acting,} and was decided in the negative—ayes 62,
noes 66.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired if it was in order
to offer an amendment to the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was. but that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
was entitled to the floor on his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL said: I have but a few
words to say in addition; and that is, there is al-
ready an appropriation in the bill of $240,000 for
the removal of the obstructions of the navigation
of all our great rivers of the interior. The snags
in the .Mississippi cannot be removed except by
these snag and dredge boats, and I fear that the
whole appropriation of $240,000.will in fact be all
swallowed up in the construction of the vessels
preparatory to the removal of the snags.
Finding an appropriation in the bill for the
construction of snag boats on the coast of Texas,
$50,000,1 thought such an appropriation might
be made in this case. By such an appropriation
we should preserve intact the appropriation al-
ready made for the object originally intended.
Mr. RICHARDSON said: I am not sure that
this proposition which has been offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky is not one that is calcu-
lated to injure rather than to improve the naviga-
tion of the W estem waters. What is the history
of the past in relation to these waters? Is there
not a proposition now before the House to re-
move the improvements which have been made in
the Ohio ? Wherever, almost, those improvements
have been made they have, in my judgment, been
a serious detriment to the navigation of those riv-
ers. And unless the gentleman from Kentucky
can propose some better means than the old mode
of suag and dredge boats, his proposition is not,
in my judgment, calculated to advance the inter-
ests of the improvement of those rivers. I am not
prepared to say, however, that when a general
system is indulged in of plundering the Treasury
for public improvements, we should not have some-
thing to dispose of amongst our people in the
West; but when we do get money appropriated, it
should be appropriated so as to be of some ad-
vantage to as.
I have not time now to enter into a discussion
of the constitutional question as to the power to
make these improvements. It is sufficient for me
to say that I concede, bo far as I am concerned,
that you have the constitutional power. Itbecomes,
then, a matter of expediency how far you will ex-
ercise that power. What is proposed by this bill ?
Why, sir, while millions are lavished on the At-
lantic seaboard, the great Valley of the Mississippi
gets a mere pittance forthe improvement of all
those vast rivers pn which there is more com-
merce, and more of the munitions of war, than on
the whole Atlantic seaboard. I am not willing, as
one member from the West, to take this miserable
pittance that is doled out to us. I cannot support
a measure of this kind, unless we are to be placed
upon terms of equality with those who live upon
the Atlantic seaboard. I cannot vote for this sys-
tem, unless gentlemen have some proposition to
bring forward that will do more for us of the West
and place us upon terms of equality with those
who live upon the Atlantic seaboard. I am not
prepared to go with those of my Western friends
who are willing*to take this pittance, and to give
their support to this infamous measure. What are
the facts connected with this bill ?—and I speak of
it as a whole. There is scarcely a port on the At-
lantic seaboard that is not included, while the great
Valley of the Mississippi is overlooked, or gets
comparatively nothing. While we are to be given,
I believe, about $400,000 for the improvement of
all the rivers of the West, we are called upon to
come up and vote millions for improvements upon
the Atlantic seaboard.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MARSHALL called for tellers on his
amendment; which were ordered, and Messrs.
Breck and Thompson of Pennsylvania we're ap-
pointed., ,
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 61, noes 59.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MOORE offered the following amendment:
For repairing and preserving the piers in the harbor of
Chester, on the Delaware river, $5,000."
Mr. M. addressed thecommitteeas follows: Mr.
Chairman, in offering this amendment, I wish
merely to say that the interests of the Government
imperatively demand that this appropriation should
be made. These piers were originally constructed
by the State of Pennsylvania at ft-cost of about
, 4:20,000, and by an act of the Legislature in 1825, •
were to be ceded to the United States when Con- i
gresa should extend the piers. By a subsequent f
act of Congress in 1827, the cession of the same j
wasaccepted, the terms having been Complied with,
and the United States became the absolute owner I
of them, under the obligation to keep them in re- j
. pair by the act of 1789. And for some years past j
these piers have been very much out of repair, so j
much so as to render them almost useless for the
purposes for which they were originally con-
structed; and unless this appropriation is made to 1
put them in repair, it is much to be feared they>
will become entirely useless, and I hope this com-
mittee will make the appropriation, and thereby ;
save or prevent that loss to tne Government which
must otherwise unavoidably accrue.
Mr. McDONALD would inquire of the chair- -
man of the Committee on Commerce whether the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
had been submitted to that committee ? and wheth- i
er or not it had received their sanction ? ;
Mr. McLANE said that it had been submitted
to that committee, but had not been directed to be
reported to the House.
Mr. McDONALD opposed the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. GORMAN offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
" And for the improvement of the Wabash river,
$50,000."
Mr. G. said: Is this amendment now in order?
If it is not in order it never will be. It is well
known that I am opposed to this whole bill, and I
do not offer this amendment for the purpose of of-
fering factious opposition.
Mr. HOWE wished to know if the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana was in order, why
his amendment was not, when he offered it a short
time since to the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky ?
The CHAIRMAN stated that since that time
the bill had been regularly read through, and such
an amendmeut was now in order.
Mr. HOWE said he had offered it again, since
the bill had been read through.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he was not aware
of the fact, as he had been temporarily absent from
the chair.
Mr. GORMAN said: I was about to remark in
support of my amendment, that I did not intend
to offer any factious opposition to the bill, although
I am wholly opposed to it.
Mr. WALDO rose to a question of ordef. The
pending question was on the amendment of the
fentleman from Pennsylvania, and until that was
isposed of no other proposition could be enter-
tained.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
i of the gentleman from Indiana was in order as an
' amendment to the amendment.
j Mr. GORMA.N said that he had so distinctly ex-
■ pressed his decided opposition to the proposition
under consideration, that he presumed that his
i amendment would meet with but little favor. He
wished so to express the decided character of his
hostility to a general system of internal improve-
ments by the General Government. But he sup-
posed that if the committee were to go to hand
over hand in a scramble for the money of the pub-
lic, Treasury, that justice was intended to be done
to all parties. I ask, that if the distribution must
be made, that it be made fairly and impartially.
The honorable gentleman from Arkansas gets an
appropriation of some $70,000 for the Arkansas
, river, another appropriation of about $80,000 for
theRedriver. Everv gentleman from the West and
j South knew that the navigation of the Wabash
; was more susceptible of improvement; that there
, floated upon its bosom an amount of commerce
| alntost equal to that of the Ohio; that the navi-
i gation of the river extended from some seven to
j ten months in the year by improvements.made iii
I it by the State of Indiana; and by the organizatiop
[ of a company to improve the rapids below Vin-
cennes,itwas more susceptible of improvement
j thanever. If justice were intended, he called upon
j the committee to consider that a bill had been
passed years ago making appropriations for this
Wabash river, which had been vetoed by Jackson,
and that those who most warmly opposed that
veto were now supporting this bill. He (Mr. G.) .
agreed with Jackson then; and he would ask gen-
tleman with what show of consistency they would
say that the improvement of the Wabash was not
in the same line of improvements necessary for the
protection of, and to facilitate the commerce of the
country? There was an appropriation to the Ar-
kansas, and yet it was hardly to be classed above
the Wabash. Anotherfor theRedriver, a river no
more navigable than the Wabash. If perfect jus-
tice were intended they must make an appropria-
tion for the Wabash. He told the chairman of
the^Committee on Commerce so. And what did
he say? He said that Jackson vetoed that bill;
and he (Mr. G.) presumed he could not pass it
through the House. He (Mr. G.) would ask with
what oonsistency, with what degree of reason aritt
common sense they could appropriate for improve-
ments in the rivers of which he had spoken, and
not for the Wabash? He asked if these distribu-
tions of public treasure were to be made according
to the wants of the country, and to facilitate com-
rrjprce, that every section of the country should re-
ceive its just share.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky. I shall not oc-
cupy half the time allotted to me under the rule.
I simply desire to say to my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Gorman,] who seems a little leaning over
towards making necessary appropriations in the
West, it strikes me that the people of the West
will be, and are, indeed, in favor of these infernal
improvements, and will in future send men to rep-
resent them here, who will vote in favor of meas-
ures like this. The gentleman from Indiana re-
minds me of the man who was a little atheistical,
and was about to die, and who, finding such the
case, and beginning to fear, said " Oh! Lord, if
there is any, have mercy on my soul, if Is have
any." The reason why I oppose the amendment
of my friend from Indiana is, that I am afraid
that the ghost of Old Hickory might rise up here,
and we would not be able to get him down again
this session. [Laughter.] ,
Mr. McDONALD demanded tellers on tBe
question of the adoption of Mr. Gorman's amend-
ment; and they were ordered.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messfs.
Thompson of Mississippi, and Hallo way acting,)
waa decided in the negative—ayes 27, noes 90.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE proposed the following amend-
ment to the pending amendment, [Mr. Moore's:]
" For a survey of the Alleghany river, $10,000."
Mr. H> said: I am not going to make a spe«£h.
