586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
In my opinion, the worst enemies of this bill are
to be found among its friends. The amend men t
I have proposed, appears to me to be a meritor.-
ous one, or I should not lmve offered it. The
improvement of the Alleghany river is an objeot
of national importance. 1 think that this river is
as much entitled to the fostsring hand and care of
this Government as any of the tributaries of the
Mississippi or the Ohio. I am not prepared to
state the exact amount of shipping and tonnage,
or the amount of commerce, but I know that it is
no inconsiderable amount. It is navigable for
six or eight months of the year, and during that
period boats are constantly plying a chstance of
one hundred and eighty miles. Take it in any
aspect you may, it is an important river, and has
as good a right to be improved as any of the rivers
that are appropriated for in the bill. It is a mis-
fortune that I now realize, that I did not submit
this
and
proposition to the Committee on Commerce
had it introduced into the bill reported to this
Mr. D. said that he offered this amendment in
good faith, and it did seem to him to be an amend-
ment that must strike every member of this House
as a just and proper one. He need not speak of
the amount of commerce on the Ohio river. He
need not tell geutlemen that upon that river floats
the commerce of three or four of the most fertile
States in the Confederacy. And yet, whilst the
Treasury of their country had been poured out
for the benefit of the commerce upon the lakes and
the Atlantic seaboard, the commerce of the Ohio
river had been taxed to supply the revenues for
the improvements that have been made on the
lakes and the Atlantic seaboard.
It was, he said, a crying and a burning shame
that there should be this disparity and injustice in
the treatment of different sections of the Union.
It was true that there was a eanal at the Falls of
the Ohio, on the other side of the river, but every
man knew that that canal was not one quarter
sufficient to meet the demands of the commerce of
House, if the committee had deemed that it was * the Ohio.
There was, he said, a proposition now pending
a proper object for an appropriation. In future,
I shall be better informed of the best means to
adopt in introducing such propositions.
I am in favor of improving the rivers and har-
bors of this country, notwithstanding that for a
time, perhaps, full justice may not be done to all
sections of the country.
I submit my amendment to the favorable notice
of the committee.
Mr. McMullen rose, amidst loud cries of
" Question!" to oppose the amendment. When
1 can be he heard, (he said,) I desire to say a few
words. 1 desire to make an appeal to those gen-
at the other end of the Capitol to make that canal
free. He should vote for that, and thought that
it ought to be made free. But that canal, even if
widened, would not have sufficient capacity to
meet the demands of the commerce of the couutry,
arid during the whole time whilst it was being en-
larged the commerce of the river Would be entirely
stopped. He hoped that the committee would
make this appropriation, and allow the survey to
be made.
Mr. MARSHALL said: There is no necessity
for the expenditure which the amendment of the
tlemenon this side of the House who, like myself, ! gentleman from Indiana contemplates. The Bu-
are opposed to this amendment and to the bill. It    i _ j
is manifest to my mind, as it must be to the mind
of every gentleman here, that there is a clear and
decidea majority of this House who intend to pass
this bill. [Cries of "Good!" and "Thars a
fact!"] Sir, I sajf, let them pass it. [Several
Voices:" " That's right!"] Let the responsibility
fall upon their shoulders. [Laughter, and loud
cries of'' Good! "J I beg gentlemen to remember,
and particular] v those upon the Whig side of the
House, that all the general appropriation bills are
yet to be disposed of, and if they undertake to de-
feat those bills, the fault and the responsibility will
reau of Topographical Engineers already contains
the result of several surveys of the falls of the
Ohio. No light can be thrown on that character
of obstructions to the navigation of the river by
any new survey. Captain Cram, a gentleman
whom I know personally, spent months in making
a survey of the falls and reconnoissanCes in the
vicinity, and he has returned to the bureau a
memoir containing no less than eight plans of im-
proving the navigation by artificial constructions.
Mr. Ball, a civil engineer, who visited the falls
at the instance of persons interested in a canal on
the Indiana side of the river, has made a report on
the same subject. And, finally, Lieutenant Col-
be theirs, and not mine,
I am utterly surprised at the course pursued by ; onel Long, wfio is stationed at Louisville, a dis-.
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, in tinguisheu officer of theTopographical Corps, has
regard to this question. I heard, before I can* to returned a memoir, illustrated by maps of'great i
Congress, that that gentleman was a Democrat; beauty and minuteness of detail, exhibiting his
but if the principles he has avowed here are the , views of the proper improvement. The map ac-
principles of Democracy, then I do not belong to l companying the memoir of Lieutenant Colonel
that party. Long shows the various levels of the falls, from
Sir, I beg gentlemen on the other side of the ; their foot to the head, by horizontal sections; the
House, ana particularly gentlemen from theNorth, ; soundings by lines and figures; and the course of
to be careful how they pass thia bill, and the va- the currents, atr various stages of the water, by
rious amendments that are about to be tacked to it. proper marks. My neighbor from Indiana [Mr.
I beg them to remember that the people of the
South are yet sensitive upon the subject of nortS-
em legislation. I beg gentlemen, and I beg the
Democratic party especially, to remember, that if
they pass this appropriation bill of two millions of
Dunham] cannot want anything more than this i
paper. No new survey will throw any light on i
the subject.
But, apart from the want of a necessity for this
expenditure, there is no propriety in it, for the
dollars, it is but an addition to the tariff upon the j people of the Ohio Valley will not want a canal
people of the South of two millions of dollars. *' 1 ■ - '1 * v '
Disguise it as you may, if you take this money
out of the Treasury for appropriations for the riv-
ers and harbors of the country, you will have to
fill up the vacuum by a tariff. I do not blame
those gentlemen who advocate a high tariff for
voting for this bill, and the various amendments;
on the Indiana side of the river, when public sen-
timent is correctly sounded, and the public mind
sounds all the views to be taken of that subject.
The Louisville and Portland Canal can be en-
larged so as to meet all the wants of commerce
for a century to come, by an expenditure of about
$350,000. The remaining stock, in the hands of
but I must be allowed to express my surprise and private stockholders, can be obtained by the Uni-
indignation that gentlemen bearing the cognomen
of Democrats should come up and vote for this
bifl.
But, sir, I beg gentlemen to remember that this
bill must pass. Let us, then, bide our fate like
men. [Laughter.] Let us vote against its pas-
sage, but let us not impede the legislation of the
country by factious opposition
cries of" Good !" " good!"]
The question was taken on the amendment to
thf amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Moore's
amendment, and being taken, the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM, who was almost inaudible in
consequence of the great confusion which prevailed
m the Hall, then again offered his amendment
making appropriation for a survey for a canal
round the Falls of the Ohio, on the Indiana side.
ted States immediately, for the sum of $375,000;
and I do not believe that a canal, suited for navi-
gation, can be constructed on the Indiana side for
less than a million and a half.
I attempted, during the progress of this discus-
sion, to obtain the floor, to enter into a general
examination of the questions which have been de-
[Laughter, and bated here, and, especially, the question of power
■ to make appropriations to improve our western
; rivers; but ! was not able to obtain the floor. I
shall abstain from entering into that subject now,
except to put a single case to my Virginia friend
who has, a moment since, addressed the House,
[Mr. McMullen] , with such emphasis against
the constitutional power, of the Government. It
is a case in his own State, and he will no doubt be
familiar with it. The Virginia Legislature, by an
1 act, authorized a suspension bridge to be swung
i i* mid-air serosa the Ohio, from Wheeling to
! Zane's Island, both termini of the bridge being in
j Virginia, and at sixty or seventy feet above the
usual water level. The bridge wa3 built. Be-
cause it has been found, at the highest stages of
water, to interfere with the chimneys of steam-
boats navigating that part of the Ohio, Pennsylva-
nia applied to the United States court to have the
bridge retnoved <ts a nuisance. That United States
court is a creature of the Constitution—a part of
the Federal Government,and has entertained juris-
diction of the case. Now, I want my friend to
say if Virginia can submit to the proposition that
i a Government which is so jealous of the freedom
of the navigation of the Ohio as that it cannot tol-
erate a bridge across that stream, seventy feet
above its surface, shall in the next breath deny its
obligation and even its power under the Constitu-
tion to improve that navigation ?
One word more, and I will resume my seat. I
entertain no doubt about the constitutional power
in question, and no doubt as to the expediency,
nay, necessity of this class of appropriations.
The people of the western country will understand
the issue which is formed with gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber who, representing them
on this floor, refuse to vote to take the snags from
their rivers, or to remove obstructions to naviga-
tion. I am willing to abide their verdict on that
issue, and to await with the amendment I offered
yesterday—to free the navigation of the Ohio by
the removal of tolls upon its commerce—until the
l voiee of the people can be heard 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNHAM said, that at the suggestion of
some friends, he asked to propose an amendment
to the amendment, so as to increase the amount to
| $6,000.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to a question of order,
j He believed debate was out of order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was, but that
the gentleman from Indiana could alter his amend-
i ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dunham's
amendment, and it was lost.
Mr. offered the following amend-
ment:
" For improving the harbor of Saybrook, Connecticut,
by removing the bar at the mouth of Connecticut river,
•if40,000."
Mr. W. said that he would only trespass a few
minutes on the time of the committee, and that
■imply to explain his amendment; and if they
would give their attention for a time, he did not
| doubt but that the friends of the bill would be in-
• duced to support it. The harbor was one that
! had formerly received the benefit of Government
appropriations. In 1836, a small appropriation
: had been made for the river and harbor at Say-
brook, and the navigation had been very rnate-
: rially improved. If an appropriation could now
j be made, they would be enabled to complete the
1 work, so as not only to benefit the navigation otf
the river at that point, but so as to benefit the
commerce of the eastern States and southern
States. The commerce of the eastern States passed
through thia bar to the South, and it was neces-
sary that ships should have some safe and easily
accessible harbor in case of storms. It would- be
able, with the improvements that could be advan-
tageously made upon it, to be made to accommo-
date several hundreds of large ships. The Con-
necticut was navigable fifty miles to Hartford for
sloops. In the county of Hartford there were
over six hundred manufactories, in which up-
wards of nine thousand persons were employed; and
the raw material, from Pennsylvania and from the
South, and a large amount of commerce, in the
shape of lumber from the eastern States, had to pass
over the bar at the mouth of the river, in order to
arrive at Hartford. The manufactures amounted
to about $10,000,000 of goods. The tonnage of
the commerce passing over this bar annually was
something near two millions of tons; and the com-
merce below the city was even greater than at the
city itself. He therefore hoped that the amend- "
ment would be carried.
Mr. ROOT said: I believe that every friend of
this bill is in favor of confining the appropriations
to great national objects, except it be in his own
district. [Laughter.] If this amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Connecticut pre-
vails, I shall expect to see an amendment offered
to provide a harDor in some raging canal. [Laugh
ter.J As I understand the position of this harbor
