m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
warrant the opinion) that they inexhaustible.
The white fish of the upper lakes are now a staple
article of food in nearly all the marketsof the lake
valley, and as early as 1847, the amount exported
from Lake Superior and Mackinac is said to have
been valued at $113,000.
But it is for the richness of its mineral resources
that the upper peninsula of Michigan is most dis-
tinguishea, and it is those resources whose devel-
opment will, most of all, be more immediately
effected by the construction of the proposed canal.
In the present condition of the country, all the
exports and imports of the Lake Superior country
must be unshipped, transported around the Falls
of St. Mary's, and then reshipped before they can
readi their places of destination. The expensas
of transhipment, 1 am informed, amounted in a
single instance to $1,500, independently of loss
from detention of hands, which might have been
saved by a canal of less than a mile in length.
In respect to iron, this region contains some of
the most wonderful deposits in the world. There
are none, it is believed, in this country, which
«urpass them in extent, richness, and quality of
ore. Connect these deposits with the lake States,
by a continuous navigation, and they will soon
supply a large portion of the country with the
most useful ana necessary of all the metals. 1
cannot speak of them from my own knowledge, as
1 have never visited them; but I am confirmed in
what I have asserted, in relation to their extent,
by the report of the mineral-land agentj who has
visited them. He thus describes them:
" This new and remarkable appearance of iron is located
in different places from twelve to twenty miles from the
lake in Marquette county, in many places out cropping from
the earth m large bluffs and mountains of ore containing
seventy-five per cent, of pure iron. From representations
made, we expected to And something extraordinary in the
way of iron; we found our expectations more than realized.
To ascend Is the summit of a bluff two hundred feet high
and proceed to a point where the bluff presented a perpen
dieular wall of solid iron of two hundred feet was indeed
remarkable.
" In ascending the summit, we started from their placcs
blocks of iron ore,from one hundred to fire hundred pounds
weight,loosely placcd on the snrface.
"The facility of obtaining the ore is such that a two-
borae wagon can in a short time be loaded with a ton,
gathered from the surface.
" At one place we found a man loosening the ore from
the great mountain. He had collected four hundred tons in
this spot ready to be taken to the lake."
But there is something more to be found there ,
than mere iron deposits. The forge and other '
works of a substantial character have been already
erected, and are now employed in the manufacture
pf iron. Two companies, I am informed—the
Jackson Company and the Marquette Company—
are now engaged in the manufacture of iron for
export. Tnere may be others, whose names are
unknown to me. .These mines are just beginning
to attract general attention;and it is expected that
another year will bring into operation many sim-
ilar establishments. The ore has proven to be so
rich that, as is supposed, it could with profit be ,
transported. If that be so, the completion of this
canal would lead to the manufacture of iron in
many of the lake cities, where, for various rea-
sons, it could be carried on with greater economy
and profit.
In respect to copper, the southern shore of Lake
Superior is, I may say, the most distinguished.
There is no other country in the world, I believe,
which can boast of its vast masses of pure native
copper, often weighing several tons. The mineral
land agent thus writes to me on this subject:
" The matter is aow settled in reference to the
' extraordinary richness and inexhaustible extent
' of the copper mines of Lake Superior. The time
' must soon come when the importation of copper !
' will cease, and the United States will be supplied
' from this source. The purity and abundance of
' tliiS" mineral fully warrant this conclusion." It
may be truly said of these mines, that they are
to the world in respect to copper, what those of
California are in respect to gola.
When .these mines were first explored a few
years since, they were the subject of many stock
and paper speculations. These speculations have
passed away, and the business of copper mining
is now carried on there, upon a solid and substan-
tial .basis, and with great success. Many of the
mines «je now in th$ Jiands of able and permanent
companies, which have already invested in them
large sums of money, and are now employing,
Summer and "Winter, large numbersof experienced
miners. The first shipment of copper from this
mineral district was made in 1845, by the Cliff
fining Company. The following schedule will
furnish some idea of the extent as well as the in-
crease of copper mining in that region:
Tons. Ton*.
The CUIFMining Company shipped in 1845,23; in 18501,000
11 Minnesota<£ " 1848, 6; in 1850 80
" Northwest<( " 1848,10; in 1850 900
l( Siskawit ti u 1848 - in 1850 19
•• Pittsburg and Isle Royal " 1848 - in 1850 10
1' t'liion '1 ■' 1848 - in 1850 9
Total shipped in 1850 1,318
Thus we see, that the copper export of Lake
Superior has risen from twenty-three tons in 1845
to one thousand three hundred'and eighteen tons
in 1850. There are many other organized compa-
nies, engaged in explorations and the necessary
preparations for mining, and some of which have
furnished shipments of copper for the eastern
markets. The aggregate exports of all the copper
mines, from the first shipment in 1845, now amount
to three thousand five nundred and seventy-two
tons. On the other hand, as to imports, I have
been informed upon reliable authority, that the
amount sent forward, upon account of the mining
interests of Lake Superior and the population resi-
dent there, for 1850, does not vary much from sixty
thousand barrels bulk of freight.
If any desire to be still further informed as to
the extent of the present mining interest of this
region, let them observe its population and the
number of men now actually employed in the busi-
ness of mining. I have taken some pains to pro-
cure, from aTeliable source, information upon this
1 subject, and the following schedule emboaies the
result:
List of working Copper and Iron Companies on Lake
1 Superior, November 1, 1850, xcith number of men
I employed.
Names of Companies
and places.
No.|
of
men
Norwich Mining Com'y
Ohio Trap Rock "
Collins Mining "
Forrest "
Minnesota " "
Furme " "
Piscataqua " "
Chesapeake " "
Algonquin " " I
N. American "
Albion "
Eureka "
Iron City '•
Lac la Belle
Names of Companies
and places.
12 ;Peninsnlar Mining Co.
35,Ontonogan " "
6|Ridge " "
451 Adventure " "
175 Merchants' " "
8lAstec " "
20!Bohemian " "
No.
of
men
16
! 35!
j 110
£5
; 15
I 36
15
Phmnix
Zeolite
Northwestern
Northwest
Cape
Agate Harbor
North Shore
It
45
40
40
10
15
15
-40
10
30
114
40
12
300
25
250
130
Isle Royal " Comp's 1001 Douglas Honghton'*
Palmer's location Co. I 12nP. k. B. Cliff mine
Jackson Iron " 130;|Marquett Iron  
Total of men employed in mining 1,921
Families of mining men not above enumerated  500
Residents at Eagle river 100
Do. at Copper Harbor  20
Do. at Eagle Harbor  50
Bo. at La Ance 300
Do. at La Pointe 300
Do. at Ontonogan  80
Do. at Fond du Lac .200
—-1050
Total population ,3,471
The mineral region then already exhibits a
population of three thousand four hundred and
seventy-one, of whom one thousand nine hun-
dred and twenty-one are now engaged in the ac-
tive business of mining. To these facts I should
al30.add, that during the past year, a large capital
has been invested in the erection of smelting works
at Detroit, which have just been completed.
These works, I perceive by a statement in one of
the public journals of our State, made last fall
their first shipments of copper in pigs, to the east-
ern market. This fact is worthy of notiee, aa
marking a new era in the history not only of the
State but of the country. Such is a brief repre-
sentation of the present condition of the mineral
region of Lake Superior, its resources, and its
wants. Shall it be longer restrained in the devel-
opment of its wealth, by the natural barrier of
the falls, which can be so easily overcome ? That
is the question involvsed in the measure under oon-
sideryXion.
What now are the objections to be urged against
the adoption of this amendment? Shall it be said
that the State of Michigan should construct this
canal, upon its own account and with its own
means ? But I have already shown that it is not
a State, local, or sectional measure in its character
and importance. If the State construct it upon
such a principle, then of course it will have an eye
to its own advantage and profit, and tl^ General
Government and the whole Lake Valley must be-
come tributary to it, by the rendition of such tolls
as it may see fit to exact.
If this objection be persisted in, that the State
should build the canal on its own account and
with its own means, then I answer further, that
the State did once undertake its construction, but
wan prevented by the General Government. As
early as 1837, by direction of the State Legislature,
a survey and estimate of expenses were made, and
the excavation was actually commenced. But
our men and laborers were driven off by the Gov-
ernment—by the Government troops. Yes, sir,
they were driven off at the point of the bayonet.
We have ever since been calling on the Govern-
ment to do that which it prevented us from doing,
and which, but for such interference, would long
since have been accomplished. We are now re-
peating that call. Michigan is not anxious to in-
volve herself in this work, except as a matter of
necessity to secure its completion. She prefers to
see it a national work, free to the whole country.
But, as I have already said, after being driven off
by the Government, she has waited for thirteen
years, but in vain, to see the first blow struck, or
the first foot of earth moved by the Government,
toward the construction of this canal.
Its route is short, being but about three quarters
of a mile in length, and lies upon the margin of
the falls, which separate the United States from
British North America. In proportion to its
length it is more expensive than ordinary similar
improvements. It therefore admits of no analo-
gous grant of alternate sections. Besides, in re-
, spect to the benefits to result to the General Gov-
] ernment, it has in its favor all the argument that
( grants of alternate sections have. It will con-
: nect the whole of Lake Superior, and its border
country, with the lakes and States situate below
It will enhance in value, bring into market and
promote the sale of all the lands upon Lake Supe-
rior. This amendment, for all practical purposes,
proposes ,ta open a canal along the whole southern
shore of that lake, from six to eight hundred
! miles in length, and not a canal merely, but a
great inland sea. The line of actual work and
: improvement is short, but yet adds hundreds of
: miles of continuous navigation to that which is
now enjoyed by the commerce of the Lake Val-
ley. If it were proposed to construct a canal from
Sault Ste. Marie to Pond du Lac, or the western
terminus "of the lake, a grant of alternate sections
might be asked for. But this amendment pro-
poses a far more meritorious work than that. It
; proposes to reach that terminus through a great
1 navigable inland sea, by means of a canal less
than a mile in length, and to be constructed at a
i comparatively trilling expense. I trust, then, that
Congress will treat with a just liberality that re-
mote section-of the country, which is cut off from
us in Winter by its snows and ice, and in Summer
by the natural barrier of the falls; and which,
though remote, is yet as strong in its attachment
to the Union, as are the mineral bars which it
contains.
Mr. FULLER offered the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
1 " For the erection of a pier or shirewatcr, at a place
called the ' Sedge,' in the tide-waters of Paaaamaquoddy
Bay, and about four mites below the city of Calais, >>.5,000."
Mr. P. said that he had received a petition from
a number of very respectable ship owners of Ca-
. lais and the vicinity 
Mr. McLANE raised the point of order, that the
, amendment of the gentleman from Maine was not
1 in order as an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Buel,] as it
was for an entirely different work. '
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment in or-
der, as the Chair had entertained other amend-
ments to amendments of a precisely similar char-
acter.
Mr. PULLER said that he perceived that the
' bill appropriated $2,000,000, and he computed that
the share of his constituents, of that appropriation,
would amount to $10,000; the bill already appro-
priated #5,000 to them, and if the committee
would grant them this additional $5,000 they
would have their fair share. Mr. R then briefly
explained the object of his amendment, and the
nature of the work asked for.
