1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£71
in my judgment, ought to have weight with this
0°Tl'ie TJ mpssee river drains a country of unsur-
passed fertihty and productiveness, and of un-
bounded sources of wealth—such as mines of iron,
coal and copper. It is susceptible ot being ren-
dered navigable for more than a thousand miles,
at a comparatively trifling expense. Having its
sources in Virginia and western North Carolina,
it runs through East Tennessee from northwest
to southwest near three hundred miles, and enter-
ing Alabama, curves through the northern part of
that State, and again enters Tennessee, and pass-
ing through the western portion of that State, enters
and runs"through Kentucky, and unites with the
Ohio river some seventy-five miles above the junc-
tion of that river with the Mississippi. Colonel
Long, a distinguished and scientific engineer, after
careful surveys and estimates, with respect to the
practicability and cost of removing the obstructions
to the navigation of the Tennessee river, reports,
that above "the junction of the Tennessee and Ohio
rivers, the volume of water is much greater in the
former than in the latter. Within the last twelve
months a line of railroads has been completed,
which, commencing at Charleston, in South Caro-
lina, terminates at Chattanooga, on the Tennessee
river. . .
Mr. Chairman, make the appropriation which
I ask—remove the obstructions to the navigation
of the Tennessee river, and you open to the rich
products of the great valley of the Mississippi a
channel of transportation by which those products
will find new markets in the southern Atlantic
States; and you establish a connection between that
valley and the southern Atlantic States, the conse-
quences of which, whether viewed in a social, com-
mercial, political, or military point of view, will
manifestly be most valuable to the whole country. '
I am candid when I say that it is, in jny opinion, by
for the most important improvement, in its const- ,
qutncta, contemplated by the appropriations already j
embraced in the bill. So strong is the necessity
for this improvement, in a commercial point of
view, that individuals have voluntarily associated :
to< -ether, and contributed their labor and capital to ■
the removal of those obstructions which impede :
and interrupt the navigation of the Tennessee river, i
The Legislature of the State of Tennessee has re-
peatedly made appropriations for the same pur-
b<)se. But these efforts of individuals have been
too feeble, these appropriations by the State have
been too small, to accomplish the great object—the
completion of which is demanded by the highest
interests of the whole country. Let this Govern-
ment put forth its legitimate power, and do that
which individuals and the State of Tennessee have
ineffectually attempted. . ..
Mr. Chairman, why will this committee dis- :
criminate against this great improvement, which, j
if accomplished, will create one of the greatest
commercial thoroughfares in the Union. Why
discriminate against the State of Tennessee? What
State of this Union has shown a more patriotic ,
readiness at all times and under all circumstances, :
in peace and in war, to perform every duty which .
patriotism enjoiiis? j|
Mr. SACKETT obtained the floor for the pur- !
pose of saying that he was opposed to the amend-
ment, and would not occupy the time of the com-
mittee with a five minute's speech.
Mr. ANDERSON called for tellers on the ques-
tion of the adoption of the amendment, and they
were ordered. , . , , _
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, desired to offer
an amendment to the amendment by striking out
the aom therein proposed to be appropriated, and
inserting in lieu thereof the sum of $1.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
could not be entertained pending the count on the
question of tile adoption of the amendment.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs. j
Kmc, of New York, and Daniel acting,) and I
was decided in the negative—ayes 39, noes 81. '
So the amendment was rejected. j
Mr. DOTY then offered the following amend- |
ment:
« For the improvement of the harbor of Ozaukee, in Wis-
consin, according to the report and eaumate of the Colonel
of the Topographical Engineers and Secretary of War,
§20,000."
The report of the Colonel of Engineers was
read in support.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
Mr. Doty's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, offered
the following amendment:
Sec. — Be it enacted, 4 c, That it shall be the duty of
the several superintendents of the works,herein author-
ised to be constructed, to cause specifications to be nude
of the amount and kind of materials to be used in the con-
struction thereof, and as far as practicable, ot the work to
be done in the execution of the same, and shall advertise
to feceiva proposals for furnishing said materials, or execu
ting said work" in one or more newspapers nearest the
nlace of the construction of said work, for at least six
weeks before the time fixed for the receiving said propo-
sals, and the said superintendent shall oil the receipt of
said proposals, in all cases, contract with the lowest real
bidder, ill the name of the United States, fbr furnishing ma-
terials or doing said work, according to said speculations.
And it shall be the duty ot'the said superintendent to make,
or cause to be made, from time to time, during the execu-
tion of such contracts, estimates not less frequently than
once a month ot'the materials furnished,or work done, un-
der said contract, which estimates shall be paid out ot the
specitic appropriation for said work, retaining out of each
estimate the sum of fifteen per cent, a* security lor the duo
performance of the same, which said retained per cent,
shall be iucluded in and paid in the final estimate on such
contract, if the same shall have been complied with ; but ll
any contract so entered into shall be abandoned or detect-
ivity complied with, the said retained per cent, shall not
be paid over, but become part of the fund for the execution
of said work: Provided, That the said supermtendentshall,
as heretofore, be under the control and supervision ot the
Chief of tho Bureau of the Topographical Engineers of the
United States: Jlndprovided,further, That no contract or
contracts shall be let tor any work hereby authorized which
shall exceed in amount the specitic appropriation for such
W<Sec. —. Be it enacted, $c., That it shall be the duty of-
said superintendent to proceed in like manner, in allre-
spects, to contract for the construction of the dredge-boats
herein authorized to be built, in one or more contracts;, as
may be deemed to be most conducive to the public inter-
ests, to be paid for in thesame manner as is provided for in
case of contracts for materials furnished, or work done, in
the preceding section. And all the expense incidentto ad-
vertising and letting the toregoing contracts, ehatk£j>aid
out of the specific appropriation for the work so lef^
Mr. T. said: Althougli the hour is now far ad-
j vanced, I feel that I ought to move the amend-
ment that I have just sent to the Clerk s table. i
will not, at this late hour of the evening, trouble
the committee with a speech, but will merely ex-
plain that the object of that amendment is to .make
these works subject to such regulations a* shall
tend in the best manner to economize the public
monev. I would have the works let out to com-
petition by contracts, whereby the best labor
' might be secured at the lowest price.. The vessels
of Government and the Army and Navy are all
supplied by contract. I am satisfied that if we let
these works out at contract, that by the competi-
tion that would be excited, the lowest possible :
prices would be obtained. Heretofore the Gov-
ernment has been paying too frequently $2 and
SI 50 for wages, when contractors could com-
mand equally good and industrious men at^l 50 .
and ftl 25. I offer this amendment to effect, if
possible, some degree of economy in our adminis- j
tration of the affairs of the Government.
Mr WILLIAMS moved that the committee
rise, as the House could meet again at ten o'clock
to-morrow morning.
The question being taken, the committee re-
fused to rise. .
The question was then taken on the adoption
of Mr. ThompWi amendment, and was decided
in the negative. .
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GOULD offered the following amendment:
" For removing obstructions in the Kondout at it« junc-
tion with the Hudson river, $20,000.".
Mr G said: Mr. Chairman, the amendment
which has just been reported is one of very great
commercial importance, and I Aink it should be
adopted; and, Mr. Chairman, I shall proceed to
cive some reasons why I have come to that •on-
clusion, and I hope the committee will agree with
! me and adopt the amendment. The point where
Rondout intersects the Hudson nver is the termi-
nus of the Delaware and Hudson Canal, and is
the depdt of large amounts of coal from the mines
of northern and eastern Pennsylvania, which is
carried through most of the large^eastern cities
in boats loaded at this place of deposit. It is also
the deposit of large quantities of leather from the
counties of Ulster, SuUivan, and Orange, m the
State of New York, and also of hides to supply
the tanneries of the same section of country, and
also the merchandise and return produce of all
this region of country. There are a large number
of sloops that navigate thutetreamloaded withcoal,
merchandise, lumber, and flour, besides several
steamboats which carry passengers and have their
landing-places on this stream, and are very much
hazarded by the obstructions which have been
| made by the action of the river tides and the
winds, producing extensive sand-bars; and also
the fresnets of the Rondout have washed down
u1c hcollcia vi uic xvkiiuuuu   
logs and other obstructions, to the great damage
of navigation. This stream is an important inlet
of the Hudson, and its navigation should secure
the favor of Congress.
The question was then taken on Mr. Go old s
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr.McLANE offered a substitute to the entire
bill. In doing so he would state that there were
only four or five amendments to the original bill
contained in it. He would suggest that the Clerk
only read those amendments.
The Clerk then read the following substitute:
A BILL making appropriations for the improvement of cer-
tain harbors and rivers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That a sum of money be, and the same is hereby
appropriated, to be paid out of any unappropriated money
in the Treasury sufficient for the following purposes? viz :
For a breakwator structure at the harbor at Burlington,
on Lake Champlain, $15,000.
For a breakwater structure at the harbor at Piattsburg, on
Lake Champlain, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on
Lake Champlain. #10,000.
For repairs ana working of dredge on Lake cnamplam,
&9 000
For improvement of the harbor at Port Ontario, on Lake
Ontario, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Oswego, on Lake
Ontario, $40,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Big
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Little
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000,
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, .<*20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Oak
•Orchard Bav, on Lake Ontario, $10,500.
For a dredge boat on Lake Ontario, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Buttalo, on Lake
Erie, and the repair and extension of the sea wall thereat,
^ For the improvement of the harbor at Dunkirk, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cattaraugus, on
Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Ene, on Lake lane,
^ For the improvement of the harbor at Conneaut, on Lake
Erie, $15,000. _ . . , _
For the improvement of the harbor at Cunningham s Bay,
on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Ashtabula, $15,0w.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth ofGraud
i river, on Lake Eric, $15,000.
J For the improvement of the harboratCIeveland, onLake
1 ^ For^the'improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, on Lake Ene, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Ver-
i million river, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Huron, on Lake
Erie, $10,000. . ^ , .
For the improvementof the harbor at Sandusky, onLake
' Erie, $30,000. - „ _ ,
For the improvement of the harbor at Monroe, on Lake
Erie, $90,000. . m
For a dredge boat on Lake Erie, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Michigan City, on
LFor nle^i^rovfmemof the harborat Chicago, on Lake
Michigan, and for repairs of-dredge and dredging, $27,176.
Far a breakwater structure at the harbor of Waukegan,
°nFor Uie^nprogremfntoftlie harbor at St. Joseph, on Lake
MFortoe'improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Kalamazoo river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000. .
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
riVFeo'r°3.eLimVo—t'!J0,r!.arbor .« Milwaukic, on
L^or 2IeCimprovf®«nt of the harbor at Eacine, on Lake
MFor?the'i^r'oveinentof the harbor at Southport, on Lake
; Michigan, $15,000.
For a dredge boat on Lake Michigan, $90,000. .
! For continuation <^jhe surveys ot the northern and north-
ofthe harbor at Dubuque, on the
MFor*t he* im pro vement*oV the harbor at St. Louis, on the
MFoM7e^rov'eS^f the harbor at Havre d. Grace, in
MFoyrlaandbr?fk'r«er rtmcture at Great Point, NSnmcke.,
M^heUim^,—'of «>e harbor at New Bedford, Ma*
^Fo"8 the' improvement of the harbor at Provincetown,
MFo?mnSpro?S't of the harborat Wilmington, North
Carolina? and a resurvey of the Cape Fear nver below Wil-
■ninotnn and for the survey of the harbor at the mouth of
NewrivW, 4i^Jack«.nriUe, North Caroliaa, «10,00 .
