81%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
For Die improvement- of the harbor at Bridgeport, Con- |1
nectieut, $10,000. 11
For the Improvement of the harbor at Savannah, and the .,
naval anchorage near Fort Pulaski, $50,000.
For the construction of a breakwater structure at Statu- .1
ford Ledge, in the harbor at Portland, Maine, $20,000. ,
For the improvement of the harbor at Falmouth, Massa- i j
chuxetts, between Buzzard's Bay and Vinyard Sound, :
#4,500.
For the improvement of the harbor at Providence, and .
the removal of a rock in Saukonnet river, Rhode Inland, !
$5,000. |
For the improvement af the harbor at New Castle, Dela-
ware, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Newark, New Jer-
sey. embracing the Bay of Newark, and the Kills westward
of the mouth of the bay, $15,000.
For the improvement ol the harbor at Port Penu, Dela-
ware, embracing the Reedy Island Shelter, $25,000.
For the completing of the removal of the sand shoal in I
Pamlico river, below Washington, North Carolina, $5,000.
For the continuation ofthe Delaware breakwater, $50,000. j
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor at ■
Baltimore city, below the Port Warden's hue, and the Pa-
tapsco river, from the said Port Warden's line to the mouth
of said river, $30,000.
For the repair and preservation of the harbors on the coast
of the Atlantic ocean, #20,000.
•For the removal of obstructions to the navigation of the
Hudson river, above aud below Albany, $75,000.
For the removal of the obstructions to the navigation of
the St. Clair river, connecting the upper and lower lakes,
#40,000.
For the improvement ofthe Ohio river above the Falls at
Louisville, $60,000. . I
For the improvement of the Mississippi river, below the
rapids, the Ohio river below the falls at Louisville, and
the Missouri, Illinois, Tennessee, and Arkansas rivers,
$•140,006. ,
For the improvement ofthe Red river,jtj;tSO,900.
For the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland ,
Island, in the Ohio river, $50,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Stamford, Connec-
ticut, #5,000.
For the improvement of the IIog-IslaniT channel, in the .
harbor at Charleston, South Carolina, $35,000. ; j
For the Improvement ofthe harbor at Manitowoc, in the |
State of Wisconsin, $10,000. I
For the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, in the
State of Wisconsin, #10,000. '
For the improvement of the upper and lower rapids of ,
the Mississippi nver, $50,000.
For the improvement of the Hurl gate ohannfil, in New
York harbor, j}30,000.
For the. removal of rocks obstructing the navigation of
Cobscock Bay, near Falls Island, below the Port of Pem-
broke, on the coast ofMaine, $5,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the month of Sag-
inaw river, in Saginaw Bay, on Lake Huron, $10,000
For the improvement of the Bayou La Fourche, in Lou-
isiana, $05,090.
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor at j,
the mouth of Clinton river, on Lake St. Clair, in the State , J
of Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Pultney ville, in the
State of New York, on Lake Ontario, $10,000. ;'
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black !
river, in the State of Michigan, $10,000. 11
For a survey of the harbor at Beaufort, North Carolinina, •
with an estimate of the cost and advantages to said harbor,
of connecting the river Neose therewith, $2,500. j.
For the survey of the Mississippi river above the Falls of
St. Anthony, for the purpose of ascertaining what improve- |
inents (and the expense thereof) can be made in the navi- . [
gabon at Sauke and Pike rapids, $5,000. ;
For the improvement of the harbor at Mobile, $50,000. 1
For surveying the entrance to Taunton harbor, Massa- . 1
ehusetts, $1,500.
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor at <
Richmond city, Virginia, and the James river from said har-
bor to the mouth of said river, and from the junction of said '
river with the Apponiatox river, to the city of Petersburg,
$20,000.
For the construction of snag and dredge boats, and dis-
charging scows, for the removal of obstructions in the har-
bors on the coast of Texas, $50,000. i1
For the removal of Middle Rock, designated on the chart
as Rocky Buoy," in the harbor or New Haven, Connec
ticut, #6,000, or for the erection of a beacon thereon, at the
discretion ofthe Secretary of War.
For removing the raft in the Colorado river, Texas,
$20,000.
Tor removing the obstructions in the Rio Grande river,
Texas, $25,700.
For the improvement ofthe harbor of Port Jefferson, Nety
York, $5,000.
• For reopening a communication between Albemarle
Sound, North Carolina, and the Atlantic ocean, $100,000.
For a sea-wall on the Great Brewster in the harbor of
Boston, Massachusetts, $15,000.
For the construction of snag-boata, dredge-boats, and
discharging-scows, to be used on M Mississippi, Ohio,
Missouri, Arkansas, and other western waters, #100,000.
For a breakwater at Richmond Island, in Portland har-
bor, $10,000.
Mr. CLARKE inquired if it was in order to offer
an amendment to the substitute that had been read?
Mr. IVifcLANE said he believed he was entitled ,
to the floor. He merely washed to add, that the
Clerk had so rapidly read over the various items ;
contained in the substitute, that some gentleman
might imagine that some items are left out. He
begged to say that the substitute contained all that
the original bill contained with a few additional ap-.<
proprintions. ,
Mr. CLARKE offered the following amendment
to the substitute: - 1
" For the improvement of Sackett's Harbcr.on Lake On-
tario, and for the removal of a ship of the United States <
Navy sunk there, $10,000."
Mr. C. said: I propose this appropriation for
the removal of a ship of the United States, which
was sunk in Sackett's Harbor, and is now, and has
been for a long time, a great obstruction to the com-
merce of the harbor. It simply asks that you will
perform a simple act of justice, to restore that har-
bor to the condition in which it was before it sua-
tained the injury. I trust that the committee will
not, therefore, offer any objection to the introduc- i
tion of the amendment to the bill. 1 have seen i
that the object has evidently been, by the proposal
of a substitute by the chairman of the Committee j
on Commerce, to cut off this amendment, amongst '
others. I trust that the committee will not con- j
sent to it, but that their votes will be given as I
think a sense of justice should direct. The manner
in which this bill has been carried hitherto through
the committee, makes me look upon -it as a species
of close corporation, [laughter,] where it is difficult,
nay almost impossible, to get any amendment
passed that is not introduced by one initiated. I
am glad to see that -there are some who seem dis-
posed not to act simply because the party acts. 1
call upon gentlemen, by their sense of justice, to
pass this amendment, which proposes an appro-
priation for as meritorious object as any in the bill.
Mr. BAYLY said: I have seen no proposi-
tion that demonstrates more clearly the impropriety
of this sort of legislation than this proposition of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clarke.] I
had the curiosity to-day to look at the maps and '
measurments that he produced. "Well, I know
something about harbors, and I undertake to say
tha|%e very things that he complains of have im-
proved that harbor. [Laughter.] The sole object
is the expenditure of money. Sir, I am not speak-
ing unadvisedly. The gentleman had his maps
and charts here, and I looked at them, and I un-
dertake to say that if that bar which he is com-
plaining of had not been made by nature, they
would nave been here asking for a breakwater to
effect the very thing that he wishes now to remove.
[Great laughter.] The gentleman cannot complain
of my saying this, because I told him so to his
face.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Chairman, I move an
amendment 
Mr. BAYLY. Stop a little, I'm not through >
yet. The gentleman from New York is so mu'ch
accustomed to see that 1 never take out my five
minutes, that he thought I was through before I
really was. Now he is perfectly right in saying
that this is a sort of " close corporation," in wnicn
the game'is fixed, and a gentleman like himself,
who is not in the secrets of the matter, has no
chance. And 1 therefore advise all such persons
and the country against this sort of close corpo-
ration, where none but the initiated can get in.
[Laughter.} I think that the gentleman himself,
after the experienee he has had of this sort of
legislation, had better go against the whole sys-
tem.
Mr. CLARKE. Will it be in qfder for me to
withdraw that amendment and offer another ?
Loud cries of "No, no!" and "Question!"
The CHAIRMAN said that the question was
upon the amendment.
The uproar in all parts of the Hall was very
great.
Mr. CLARKE. The gentleman from Virginia
perhaps knows something about harbors 
Loud shouts of "Order!" "Order!"
The question was then taken on Mr. Clarke's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE then offered the following amend-
ment:
" For the improvement of Sackett's Harbor $3,000.''
My object (said Mr. C.) in offering that amend-
ment, is to snow the injustice of the remarks of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.1
Tnat gentleman takes occasion to say that he.
has examined the map of Sackett's Harbor, which 1
I have exhibited, and thinks that the bar at its i
mouth is not injurious, that he is much acquainted
with harbors, and has no doubt that if that bar,
which renders the entering and departure from
that harbor so difficult, were removed, the people
of that country would be here asking for an appro-
priation for a breakwater to be put in its place, 1
And sums up the whojp matter by the offensive re-
| mark, that the appropriation is asked for merely
: for the purpose of scattering the money in the
i neighborhood.
' Tli£ gentleman's district bounds upon the At-
lantic, and it would he fair to presume that he
knows something about harbors. Indeed, if my
rpcoUection is not entirely at fault, I have seen the
gentleman in very deep water—I will not say,
nearly "half-seas over —on which occasion ne
came very near getting aground. The gentleman,
who knows so much of harbors, is of opinion
i that the people of my district are either so igno-
rant that they do not know their own interests, or
j so venal that, for the sake of having a few dirty
! dollars spent in their neighborhood, they would
I destroy tne finest harbor on our whole northern
frontier!
I, too, should know something of harbors, hav-
ing been born and brought up at a place where we
saw the sun rise out of the ocean; and I should
know something of this harbor, having been ac-
! quainted with it many years.
A harbor, sir, besides being spacious, deep,
and secure, should be e.asy of access and depar-
ture. Their great value in the case of a storm is,
| that they can D,e.entered with almost any direction
1 to the wind; and I think it would puzzle thegen-
| tlemap to show that tjiie harbor is rendered any
1 more safe, or any more accessible, because'a bar
I stretches two thirds across its entrance. This
i remark of the gentleman shows such entire igno-
| ranee of the subject upon which he speaks, and is
■ so offensive in the motive it imputes, that it seems
1 amazing, .that a gentleman of his great height and
'I proportions, and who always sees through his
.! glasses—sometimes darkly—should indulge in
I their utterance!
I ask for nothing but justice; I ask that the
:; Government should undo th,e mischief it lias done;
; and when the Committee of the Whole, impressed
; with the justice of my amendment, adopt it, the
1 committee which reported this bill has formed a
species of close corporation, claiming to include
; and exclude at pleasure when in the committee
room; and after having feathered its own nest, and
the nests of its friends, comes on to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and assumes to dictate that no
■ amendment should be made to its nimble anibi-
; dextrous work.
i I do not hold in very high respect that nimble
: practice, which substitutes an entire new bill, in-
; creasing the appropriation some huhdreds of thou-
sands, merely, as it seems, to get rid of the amend-
: ment suggested by me.
; The pomposity, the supercilious arrogance and
1 swagger, with which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, with spectacles on nose, urges his objection,
is worthy of the renowned Colonel Pluck; but the
, imputation it contains is not, I think, worthy of
himself—it certainly is unworthy the State he in
part represents.
( Gloriotts Virginia! whatever may be her con-
dition now, once raised great men—men who were
apt to understand their subjects before they spoke,
and usually remembered those courtesies of life—
those rules that should always govern legislative
proceedings, that made them forbear to impute un-
worthy motives for the actions of others.
If the gentleman fancies that from his greater
experience in this House he can indulge in such
remarks as he has made, without rebuke, he will
, find himself wonderfully mistaken.
Mr. BAYLY said: I should be very much in-
clined to respond to tl>e appeal of my youthful
friend from New York, [laughter,] who appeals
; to his youth in comparison with my age, if it
' were not for some rather ungenerous flings' that
, he made at me. He talked of my " standing high
■ in my boots," ttnd that "I wore my spectacles
upon my nose." Well, sir, the gentleman wears
his upon his head. I carry mine for use; but
, from his remarks'ou his juvenility in comparison
with me, I must needs infer he wears his on his
head for ornament. [Roars of laughter.] As to
my standing " high in my boots," I cannot tell
i how it occurs; I certainly meant no reproach to
| the gentlemaa who came here with five feet four
inches,although I am six feet... [Laughter and
; confusion.]
The question was then taken o  Mr. Clarke's
amendment, and it was lost. (Cries of "Ques-
tion!" question!")
Mr. HOUSTON. I have an amendment to
