1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
States Navy to California to bring back their suf-
fering sons and daughters, held in bondage by
poverty and disease, that they may again greet
their connections and friends; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BELL presented a memorial from clerks
employed in the office of the post office at Nash-
ville, in the State of Tennessee, asking an increase
of compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
• Mr. "WALKER presented a petition from the
mayor and aldermen of the city of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, and a petition from citizens of New
York, asking that the public lands may be granted
in limited quantities to actual settlers not possessed
of other lands; which were ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial from citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking such modification of the
bounty land law as will secure to the soldiers of
the war of 1812, in all cases, one hundred and j
sixty acres of land; which was referred to the i
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Gloucester county, New Jersey, asking the im-
mediate repeal of the fugitive suave law; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial of the citi-
lens of Alleghany county, in the State of Mary-
land, asking a modification of the tariff of 1846;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUTLER submitted additional documents
in relation to the subject of increasing the salary
of the judges of the United Slates court for the
district of New Hampshire; which were referred
to the Committee on'the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted additional
documents in relation to the claim of Sarah K.
Jenks; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
THE FUGITIVE SLATE LAW.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received a memorial
signed by D. L. Milliken, William Milliken, J.
H. Haines, and other residents of Burnham, in '
the county of Waldo, in the State of Maine, ask-
ing for the repeal or modification of the fugitive
slave law; and inasmuch as the subject of that law
is before the Committee on the Judiciary, I move
that this memorial be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The petition is in the following terms:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Whereas Congress, at its late session, did pass a bill en-
titled " An act to amend and supplementary to an act enti-
tled ' An act respecting fugitives from justice and persons
escaping from the service of their masters,' " approved
February 12,1793, which said enactment was approved by
the President September 18; 1850:
We, the undersigned, residents of the town of Burnham,
in the county of Waldo and State of Maine, regarding that
act as in conflict with the Constitution of the United States,
and also as infringing upon tile duties which we owe to
benevolence, to humanity, and to God, and being unwilling
to comply with its requisitions or submit to its penalties,
earnestly ask its speedy repeal or modification.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no objection myself
that any of these petitions should go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Most of them have been
laid on the table, though 1 know that some have
found their way to that committee. But I give
notice that I shall have nothing to do with them.
There are gentlemen of that committee who may
take charge of this petition, if they think proper;
but I give this notice because it is perfectly imma-
terial to me whether that law is modified or not.
Mi. ATCHISON subsequently rose and said:
May I inquire what was the character of the me-
morial which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary ?
The PRESIDENT. It was a memorial for the
repeal or modification of the fugitive slave law.
Mr, ATCHISON. I move, then, that the vote
by which it was referred to the committee be re-
considered. I make the motion, because I can
see no good reason why a memorial presented by
  the Senator from Maine, upon the subject of the
repeal of that law, should not be laid upon the
table, as well as those of a similar character which
were presented by the Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] or the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale:]
Mr. HAMLIN. It is known to all that I have
presented various petitions of a somewhat similar
character, and that 1 have myself moved to lay
them on the table, not because I believed it was |
right, but because that was in accordance with a ;
determination of the Senate. This is a memorial
which asks for a modification of that law, and I
| believe the Committee on the Judiciary have a bill
j now before them for that purpose; and cqjning
from such a respectable source as this memorial
did, asking for a modification of that law, signed
by members of the State Senate and others who
have been members of our Executive Council and
State Legislature, and others of our most worthy
citizens, in the discharge of my duty I could not
do otherwise than to ask that the memorial may
receive as favorable consideration as those which
ask the Senate to consider a bill which has been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. Even-
. handed justice requires that such a course should
be pursued.
The PRESIDENT. On looking at the memo-
rial, the Chair finds that the names are on several
pieces of paper pasted to a printed petition at the
top. Whether it was there when the paper was
signed originally cannot be ascertained from the
paper itself.
Mr. FOOTE. I think the Senatorfrom Maine
is mistaken as to the character of the measure, if
he refers to the bill introduced by the Senatorfrom
Indiana, [Mr. Bright.] I believe the bijl to which
I the Senator refers does not propose to alter the
, law, but simply to declare what the late law was.
For my own part, recognizing what we have done i
j as a definitive settlement, I cannot vote for any- ;
i thing that will tend to renew agitation. I there- !
■ fore move to lay the subject on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to re-
consider the vote by which the memorial was re-
ferred to the committee.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well; then I withdraw my
i motion.
Mr. CHASE. I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is mistaken as to the character of the bill
. introduced by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright.] It does not propose to explain the late
law, for it does not need any explanation, and 1
hardly think that any explanation which might
be given to it would amount to much if it did.
But it proposes to revive the old law so far as to
ji enforce the penalties which are imposed by it, in-
| asmuch as the district court'of Indiana have de-
II cided that the law of 1850 repealed the law of
11 1793 as far as that is concerned. The district
11 court of Indiana has so decided.
i1 Mr. FOOTE. I think not.
Mr. CHASE. Well, it is feared that the dis-
i trict court of Indian will so decide.
Mr. FOOTE. I understood the Senatorfrom
Indiana to say that it was simply a matter of dis-
|! putation there, and, being so, it was looked upoif
■ i as desirable that the proper interpretation of the
i' law should be fixed. I do not understand that
i there has been any adjudication, or that there was
any serious apprehension that the courts of Indi-
| ana would not decide as they will be bound to
i decide ultimately.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on re-
considering the vote by which the memorial was
'! referred, and not the bill presented by the Senator
from Indiana.
11 Mr. CHASE. I am aware of the state <jf the
question, and I did not mean to trespass on the
i rules of the Senate at all. I think it may beprop-
' er to say that if no such decision has been made,
ij there has.been, as stated by the Senator from
ij Mississippi, an apprehension that such a decision
I may be made. The act of 1850 provides for
i heavy penalties, much greater than those of the
act of 1793, and being upon the same subject-mat-
1 ter, it is supposed tfcat it may be repealed.
!; I pass from that subject. That bill, however,
whatever may be the character of it, has been re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. There
is now a petition, vouched for by the Senator
;l from Maine as coming from a gentleman of the
I very first character in his State, praying for sim-
il ilar objects; and I submit to the Senate, without
a single word of observation further, whether they
1 are prepared to make a distinction between memo-
rials, petitions, and bills upon one side of this sub-
ject and those upon the other side?
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the record of
i the Senate shows this to be the character of its
past action on this subject: That when a petition
i, relating to the laws concerning fugitives from
|{ service was presented it was referred, if its ob-
| ject was to render those laws more stringent than
1 they are now adjudicated to be. A bill the
effect of which is to increase the rigors of the law,
has received a reference. Petitions for the amend-
ment of those laws, so as to render them less rigor-
ous, are denied a reference. That is one discrep-
ancy. The record shows another, viz: that when
a petition is submitted to the Senate, on the mo-
tion of a Senator from Pennsylvania, praying even
for an amelioration or a repeal of these laws, it re-
ceives a reference. When a petition for precisely
the same object is presented by a Senator from
New York, it is denied a reference.
1 shall vote against the reconsideration of the
reference which has been made, as well because
I am in favor of equal and exact justice to both
sides of this qpiestjon, as because it is my duty to
insist upon equal and exact justice from the Sen-
ate to all its members. But I shall vote against-
the reconsideration for another reason. For the
' reason that I think it most injudicious and most un-
; wise to deny a reference to a petition of any class
of citizens of the United States, whether they be
such as those who have sent here the petition now
presented by the honorable Senator from Maine,
consisting of what has been called here the elite cf
society, or whether it be sent here by plain, unas-
suming republican citizens. I hold that all are enti-
tled to equal legislative respect and consideration,
! and I never stop to inquire to which of the two
classes petitioners belong. I have never obtruded
; upon the Senate the character, title, or rank of
any person whose name was annexed to a peti-
tion relating to the present subject presented by
myself.
But there is still another reason that I am glad
to have an opportunity to state; and that is, that if
the object of the Senate be to suppress agitation, *
in my poor judgment they take exactly the wrong
course to do it. For years upon years the Con-
gress of the United States, in one or other branch,
refused, in one form or another, to receive and
consider petitions on the subject of slavery. The
effect was a denial of the right of petition. His-
tory, I think, has settled the point, that that de-
nial of the right of petition increased the agitation
on the subject of slavery instead of diminishing it.
Now, I hold it to be precisely the same in effect,
j whether the Senate shall refuse to receive the peti-
| tion and reject the petitioners from their doors, or
| whether they shall go through the formality of re-
, ceiving the petition, laying it upon the table, and
i denying it reference and consideration. Whatever
| my opinion, then, of the merits of petitions may
i' be, I am in favor, when they are respectful, of
giving them not only a hearing, but a considera-
tion.
But I desire to state further upon this subject,-
, that I am in favor of receiving these petitions for
, the purpose of consideration and legislative action.
The Congress of the United States at the last ses-
sion attempted to do this thing 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator understands
i the Question before the Senate, does he not?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly, sir, I do. I am
speaking of the fugitive slave bill of the last ses-
i; sion, which is the subject of the present memorial}
ij a law which attempted, by" very rigorous enact-
ji merits, to enforce upon the free States of this Union <
ji the domestic and social economy of the slave
States; an experiment which I believe has reacted,
' and will continue to react, upon the institution of
slavery itself. It is of the same class Qf legislation
as that which demanded in Great Britain a con-
formity in religion on the part of the Catholic pop-
1 ulation of Ireland to the Protestant ceremonies and
the religion of England. I believe such experi-
ments will fail, ana I believe so because they are
not founded in true political philosophy, in what
i constitutes the true political philosophy of this
Government, which should treat the States of this
j Union as being intrusted with the management of
their own domestic concerns, and should leave the
sentiments, and, as far as possible, the domestic in-
; stitutions of the States to the care of the States
themselves; and, where uniformity cannot be com-
pelled, should be content without exacting entire
harmony.
Whether these petitions are now referred and
considered, or whether they shall be allowed to
accumulate1, as they will, in my humble judgment,
continue to accumulate from session to session, the
result will be that those who flatter themselves that
they have arrested agitation will find that they
