1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
dicating upon cases which were presented to that j
office under the existing laws. This bill was 1,
framed under the existing circumstances to meet j
that class of cases which, from the position of the ,
Third Auditor, would not be met in his office. It
was not the design—I know it was not the inten-
tion—of those who passed the existing; law, to
make a law as restricted as it is now administered.
I know that among the troops which were em-
ployed in the Mexican war, and nearly all the
men from the State which I have the honor in part
to represent, were mounted men, and that from
the time they left the frontier of Missouri until the
time when they returned to it, seldom, if ever, any
forage was furnished these troops by the Quarter-
master-General's department. While they were
in the States of Chihuahua and New Mexico,
they were compelled to purchase grain from their
own private means for their animals. If their
horses had been furnished with the grain neces-
sary, it would have more than exhausted the
monthly wages and emoluments of the privates;
and it is to be recollected the troops are not paid
in advance, so that often these brave troops were
unable to procure forage. The duartermaster-
General, in his report to Congress, tells us that
there is not a single animal belonging to the. Gov-
ernment which costs less than $19 82 per month
at Santa Fe, to provide it with forage. In that
report he makes estimates of the cost of foraging
the animals belonging to the Government of the
United States, at several posts which I will men-
tion:
Jloerage coit of forage for one horte one month.
At the forte in Missouri, Iowa, and Minnesota 90
Fort Kearny 27 72
Fort Laramie 34 94
In Texas W 30
In New Mexico 19 82
Many of the horses belonging to the'volunteers f
were lost, in consequence of the Government fail- i
ing to furnish them with forage. They were
themselves obliged to furnish their animals with
forage from their own private means, for their
monthly pay was entirely insufficient. Every i
dollar of it would be required to furnish forage ,
for their animals.
I have made these few remarks for the purpose
of endeavoring to show that this bill ought to pass.
I will not trespass upon the time of the House by
continuing these remarks further, but will content
myself with answering such objections as gentle-
men may urge against the passage of the bill. I
have carefully examined the bill, and I believe it
is right, and 1 believe it ought to pass, and will
not object to the amendments recommended by
the committee, with the exception of the first
amendment. ;
I hope the bill will not be sent back to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it will not be reached again the present ses-
sion. If you wish to relieve the Third Auditor
from the pressure of claims which have been lying j
in his office for the last two years, and do justice
to the mounted troops engaged in the Mexican
war, which has already been too long withheld
from them, I appeal to gentlemen to assist in pass-
ing this bill. ' [
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GIDDINGS expressed the hope that it
would be voted down.
Mr. HARALSON asked the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw that motion, so as to allow
him to make a few remarks upon the bill.
Mr. STANTON said that his object in moving
the previous question was to cut off discussion.
He refused to withdraw the motion.
Mr. NELSON inquired whether it would be in ,
order to move to commit the bill ? j
The SPEAKER said it would not, pending the '
demand for the previous question. |
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired
whether there was a motion pending to refer the
bill? ;
The SPEAKER said there was not.
The question was then taken on seconding the ,
demand for the previous question, and there was i
a second. j
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to lay the bill upon |
the table; and upon that motion he demanded the .
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. j
. The question was then taken on the motion to j
lay on the table, and deeided in the negative. 1
The question now recurred upon ordering the
main question, which main question being first on
agreeing to the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, it was ordered to be
put.
Mr. HARALSON asked the unanimotis con- j:
sent of the- House to make a few remarks upon j'
the bill. * [ i
Objection was made. i
Mr. HARALSON. I desired to say but a
word 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia i
is out of order.
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection,
all the amendments of the committee would be
included in one vote.
Mr. HARALSON. I desire a separate vote
upon the first amendment of the bill. I am not in
favor of that amendment, but am in favor of all the
others.
The question was then taken on the first amend-
ment, and it was agreed to. .
The other amendments of the committee were
then agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time. |
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote by i
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and |
read a third time, and moved tor lay the motion to !
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to. !
The bill was then read a third time; and the
question now being, Shall the bill pass ?—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved the pre-
vious question; which received a second, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill; and
they were ordered.
The question was taken upon the passaeeof the
bill, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 128, nays ,
54—as follows: I
TEAS—Messrs. Albertma, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashe, Ashman, Beale, Bocock, Bokee, Bowlin, Boyd,
Breck, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, ;
Burt, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. Cald- ,
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Cleve- |
land, W. R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, I
j Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot,
Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gilmore, Gor-
1 man, Grinnell, Hall, Hampton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham
' G. Harris, Sampson W.Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hil-
' liard, HoagUmd, Holladay, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. jack-
son, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, John A. King, La SSre, Leffler,
Levin, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matteson, McCler-
nand, McDonald, McDowell, McGanghey, McKissock,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, John K- Miller, Moore, Morris, Morri-
son, Morton, Oullaw, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Pit-
man, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Rose, Boss,
Savage, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn. Schoolcraft. Seddon,
Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
A. H. Stephens, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas,
Toombs, Venable, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins,
Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, and Young—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Averett, Bayly, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Booth, Brisbin, Burrows, Calvin, Campbell,
, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Crowell, Dickev. Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Giddincs, Goodenow,
Gott, Gould, Hay, Henry, Howe, Hunter,William T. J*£k-
son, Julian, Horace Mann, Meacbam, Nelson, Orr, Otis,
Putnam, Reed, Beynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey,
Sackett, Sclienck, Silvester, Spaulding, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman,
Tuck, Van Dyke, and Wilmot—54.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was referred the bill of
the Senate for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late General Walker K. Armistead, of the
Army of the United States, reported Ihe same back
without amendment.
Mr. C. asked that the bill be now put upon its
passage.
The SPEAKER said if there was no objection,
the bill would be put on its passage.
Mr. JONES inquired of the gentleman from
) Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] if the bill was for
; the refunding of money paia out by General
Armistead, or for the payment of commissions on
his disbursements?
Mr. CHANDLER said it was to indemnify
for money paid- out to other persons, and not for
commissions.
The bill was then read through, and ordered to
: be engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed according to order, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which it was passed, and to lay that
motion on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to,
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made adverse reports on the following
cases; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed:
On the petition of John Pate and others, of Illi-
nois, for allowance for money due for back
rations, &c.;
On the petition of Captain W. T. Sherman, of
i the United States Army, for an increase of pay
while acting as assistant adjutant-general in the
tenth military department, on the Pacific division;
and
On the memorial of the officers and soldiers of
the Georgia battalion in the late Mexican war,
praying for remuneration for the loss of horses in
the said war.
Mr. E., from the same committee, reported a
bill to pay to Captajn Augustus Buchel the bal-
ance due him for his services as interpreter in the
Mexican war; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
j Whole House, and made the order of the day
j for to-morrow.
I Mr. E., from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, Senate bill No. 13,
entitled an act for the relief of Cincinnatus Trous-
dale and John G. Connelly, of Arkansas; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.
CLASSIFICATION OF CLERKS IN THE MILI-
TARY BUREAUS.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Mili'my
| Affairs, reported back, with sundry amendments,
' and with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate
bill No. 267, entitled "An act to provide for the
classification of the clerks in the military bureaus,
: and to equalize their salaries."
The amendments of the committee were read.
They were:
1. To strike out from the first section the word
" two," and insert the word " three," so that the
bill shall provide for " three" clerks of the second
class in the Adjutant-General's office.
2. To provide for the office of the Colonel of
Topographical Engineers, one clerk of the first
class, and substituting one clerk of the third class
for two of that class in the same office.
Mr. EWING asked that the bill be put upon
its passage. He said: This bill was reported to
the Senate by their Military Committee, and
passed. * It has been laboriously examined by our
| committee, and is now reported to the House with
a recommendation that it be put on its passage. It
proposes no addition to the number of the Clerks,
and is intended for classifying and regulating the
duties and salaries of the officers of the various
| bureaus. It increases the aggregate of the salaries
' over $9,000, after reducing some and increasing
' others. These offices have been created by vari-
ous laws from 1815 up to this period. The law
making the office, usually fixing the duties and
amount of compensation, there is necessarily a
great want of uniformity now in the bureaus; and
in "the progress of our Government, there has
been an immense increase in the labors to be per-
formed. The expenses of living have greatly
advanced in Washington, and many faithful and
competent persons in the Department can scarcely
sustain their families with the most rigid econo-
my. Large amounts of public funds now pass
through the War Department, and true economy
requires that it should be faithfully managed.
I am as much in favor of economy as any other
person, but, sir, not that false parsimony which
would squeeze out of the labors of officials a few
dollars, and leave the public money no sufficient
1 guard from the pressing wants of its keepers.
I The best security for faithfulness and integrity in
the performance of duty is a sufficient reward for
the service sought. It is true that you can get
1 men to perform these labors for the present or
I much smaller compensation—lean and hungry ex-
I pectants, who are hanging around the Treasury,
j gazing with delight on the public hoards, and ready
! at any moment and on any reward to cast them-
I selves into the stream. But, sir, these are not the
| individuals whom we ought to countenance either
for their competency or honesty.
