584.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
The expenses of living in Washington, fbr a
single individual) cannot easily be reduced below
*15 per week, when you include all their outlay.
This would be at the rate of $780 per annum.
What, then, is to become of a man with a
family on $800 per annum or even on $1,000 or
$12,000 ? Shall we restrict the offices to unmar-
ried men?—afford a premium to celibacy? My
faith is to encourage reasonably the maintenance
and education of children. A family is a pledge
for sobriety, faithfulness, and honesty, and no
Government ought to restrict salaries so as to ex-
clude them.
The officers of all the Departments ought to be
classified and their duties apportioned. They are
now wholly irregular, and much injustice exists
in the system. We have undertaken the subject
in the War Department, and you have the results
of our labors. I hope it will pass.
Mr. CARTTER said: This is one of a series
of measures presented, and to be presented to Con-
gress, to raise the salaries of the clerks in the dif-
ferent Departments. Now, if the matter compre-
hended some uniform regulation for the entire Ex-
ecutive Departments, there might be some merit in
the proposition. If the argument be true as to the
necessity of the classification proposed, it must be
equally true in regard to other bureaus; and the
provisions of the bill ought to be extended to all
the clerks in the employment of the Government.
But it is not true. A man can sustain himself as
well in this city at the lowest salary paid by the
Government to the clerks in the Departments as
he can in almost any other business.
The bill which the committee have introduced
here proposes, in a single Department, under the
disguise of equalizing the salaries of those clerks,
to take from the Treasury $10,000 annually. The
same description of measure was presented to us
here during the last session for raising the salaries of
clerks, in the aggregate, to the amount of $70,000.
Now, I object to this measure at this time; I can
see no necessity for it; but if there is to be a re-
formation in one ofthe Departments—if you pro-
pose to raise the salaries of the clerks in one of
the Departments, you ought to go further, and com-
prehend all the clerks in all the Departments of
the Government, and have a uniform price for all
those who perform an equal amount of labor. If
you increase the salary of one you should do the
same with them all. If you increase the salaries
in one Department you should do the same in all,
and go into a general system of equalization, or
what is called leveling up.
Now, sir, 1 move to recommit this bill; and if
it is necessary to go into an equalization of the
salaries of the clerks at all, let the committee so
provide that ail the clerks in all the Departments
shall share equally, and not single out those old
rusty clerks in the War Department. Why, I
have heard it said that the clerks in that Department
were too old to go oil crutches. I hope this bill
will not pass. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. My colleague says he believes
the salaries under existing laws are too low, and
that the services of competent men cannot be had
for the present prices. I would ask him if they
have not competent clerks in all the bureaus at the
present time? 'I would ask him if there is a soli-
tary clerk in the War Department or in any of the
bureaus who now contemplates resigning in con-
sequence of the amount of his salary?
Mr. EWING. I would reply that I have let-
ters from these clerks stating that they find it im-
possible to get on with their present salaries.
Whether they will resign or not I cannot say, for
a resignation from office involves frequently a great
many things, and one most important considera-
tion-is the difficulty of getting into other business.
Are ycu doing right to withhold reasonable salaries
because these clerks do not resign their offices ?
Mr. JONES. If every one of these clerks was
to resign his office before the sun should go down,
my word for it, there would be ten applicants for
every vacancy before the setting of to-morrow's
sun. You can call up in this city from one to five
hundred men who would think they were compe-
tent to discharge the duties of these clerkships for
the salaries now paid.
Mr. EWING. I admit that you could get
clerks at fifty-six dollars a year. And you might
get those who would do it for less. But the ques-
tion is, whether you would find competent men to
perform these duties at low salaries. You might
find men who would undertake to perform the
duties of a judge of the Supreme Court for one
hundred ana fifty dollars a year, but the question
is whether you could get competent men for such
a salary as that.
Mr. JONES. This is {^peculiar time. I believe
that the officers of every Department of this Gov-
ernment—the clerks in the post offices throughout
the country, of all the offices, almost withoutexcep-
tion, are now applying for increase of compensation.
Sir, the clerks in the post office of the town where
my colleague resides are sending up petitions to
Congress for an increase of compensation. And
so it is in all sections of the country and all branch-
es of the Government. Now, my colleague says
that the expenses of living here are so high that
competent men cannot be engaged to render the
services as clerks for the present salaries, and he
proposes to give many of these clerks $1,600.
There is a judge of the district court of the United
States, living in the same town with my colleague,
who holds courts in three different places, and
travels a distance of two hundred miles to attend
to his duties upon the bench, whose salary is only
$1,500 per annum.
Mr. EWING. There are clerks now receiving
$1,700 in the War Department, and we reduce
their salaries down to $1,600 so as to classify
them. We have reduced the salary in some cases
as well as raised it in others. I will state to my
colleague, that the judge to whom he refers lives
in Nashville, and we can get as good board there
at the hotels for three dollars a week as you can
get here for five dollars a week.
Mr. JONES. He must have reference to some
second-rate hotel, I think. I remember distinctly,
when I was a member of the Legislature, that I
paid at the rate of $9 75 a week, and could not get
good board for less.
Mr. EWING. My colleague was perhaps ex-
travagant. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I had what I believed to be good
living. At a hotel they charge enormously for
board. In the same way it is here. The clerks in
the Departments, or those who live here, do not
pay for board the same prices that members of
Congress do. We are charged about double the
amount that anybody else would have to pay,
whether it be for board or anything else. But I
will not detain the House with any further re-
marks. I hope the bill will be referred.
Mr. BURT- I profess, Mr. Speaker, to have
a regard for economy in all the expenditures of
this Government. I profess to be as great an
economist as my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] or anybody else who has a sane mind and
sound understanding. But while I oppose any
system of extravagant appropriations by Congress,
I trust I shall never see the day when my con-
stituents, or anybody else, shall endeavor to teach
me that humiliating lesson. I would scorn their
instructions. I hope never to see the day when I
would withhold from an honest, able, and ex-
perienced officer in the Government, a moderate
compensation for his services.
Now, sir, I know that there are very few in this
House, or elsewhere, who will be willing to with-
hold from them reasonable compensation. The
question presented here for this House to (Jeter-
mine is, whether these officers in the various
bureaus of the War Department do receive ade-
quate and reasonable compensation. My friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Ewing,] and my colleague
on the Committee on Military Affairs, has told the
i House that the compensation of many of these
clerks was fixed as far back as 1815. He has
told you that their compensation is from $100 to
$200 below the compensation of the other clerks
in the various departments of this Government
, who reside in Washington city.
Well, now, I submit to my friend from Tennes-
see, if it is not just that the clerks in the military
bureau in this city should receive for the perform-
ance of similar duties, the same compensation that
is received by the clerks in the other bureaus? I
am sure he will not object to it. Their services,
we all know, are of the most important character,
and we all know that from these bureaus in Wash-
ington proceeds at this time by far the largest ex-
penditure in this Government. Honesty and
fidelity are therefore indispensable qualities in these
clerks.
I subnlit to this House, if it be any proper an-
swer to the recommendations of the Committee
on Military Affairs to be told that other persons
would perform these services without so much
compensation. I ask my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] who submitted an argument of that
kind to this House, why he has not felt himself
pledged, in performing his public duty, to reduce
the compensation of the clerks in the other bureaus
in this city? Why he has neglected to do this?—
that is the question. I ask why the compensation
of the clerks recently appointed, or the salaries
that have been recently fixed by law, within a few
years past, have been placed in the economical
class $200 above that of the clerks in the War
Department? The answer is obvious, these sala-
ries are inadequate.
Sir, I make this proposition in behalf of that
class (if most meritorious public officers. When
this Congress shall reduce the salaries and com-
pensation of the other clerks in the other bureaus
of this Government, these officers in the bureaus
of the War Department will either resign or submit
to a reduction of salary. But, sir, will anybody
attempt to give a reason why the clerks recently
appointed under recent laws should receive salaries
of $200 more than the same class in the War
Department? I have heard of no reason assigned
at all. I have had some little experience of living
in Washington city. I have tried it, sir, in the
hotels* in the boarding-houses, and I have tried it
in my own house. I have tried all ways, and my
experience teaches me, that laying aside luxuries,
with which I may indulge myself at home, and
discarding wines, living simply and frugally, it
costs me at least $10 a week to live in this city.
So help me God, I would not to go to a boarding-
house that would undertake to board me for less
than $10 a week. I should be afraid that a board-
ing-house that would take me for less would break,
or that I should be half starved. [Laughter.] I
have paid in this city $7 a week for the board and
lodging of my servant. Am I to be told, then, that
one can live as cheaply in Washington as in other
places in many of the States ? It is a notorious
fact'that living is extravagantly high—that the
markets are enormously high. I know, from my .
personal knowledge of some of these clerks, who
are as worthy and capable men as you can find
anywhere, with respectable families, having abso-
lutely to spend whatever little private fortune they
Eossessed, to remain in their offices in this city.
Ir. Speaker, let us, in the true spirit of retrench-
ment and economy, strike at the basis—let us not
seek to withhold the very small compensation which
is absolutely necessary to sustain in decent re-
spectability these officers of our Government and
their families. •>
Mr. ASHMUN. In the true spirit of retrench-
ment and economy, to stop a deoate which costs
much more than the clerk hire, I move the pre-
vious question. [Laughter.]
The demand for the previous question Vas sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered.
The question now being on the reference Of the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
ofthe Union,
Mr. BURT called for tellers; which were or-
i dered; and Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee, and
, Levin were appointed; and, the question being
1 put, the tellers reported—ayes 64, noes 71.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays on
the question; which were ordered. The question
was then taken, and the result was—yeas 97,
nays 84, as follow:
i YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Bay,
Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowlin, Boyd, William
J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Cartter, Clarke, Cleveland, Colcock. Conger, Daniel,
Danner, Dimmiek, Duncan, Dunham, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Giddings, Gilbert, Gilmiwe,
Gorman, Gott, Gould, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haral-
son, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Hibbard, H oagland, Holla-
\ day, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann,
McClemand, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, McLan-
ahan, McMullen, John K. Miller, Millson, Morris, Mor-
rison, Olds, Orr, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps,
Powell, Reynolds, Robbins, Robinson,Root, Ross, Sack-
i ett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Spaulding, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser. Thomas, James Thompson,
Toombs, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, and Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashnmn, Bell, Bennett, Bo-
kee, Breck, Briggs, Brisbin, Burt, Butler, E. C. Cabell,
G. A. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clingnian, Cole,
Corwin, Deberry, Dickey, Doty, Duer, Eliot, Ewing, Freed-
lev, Fuller, Gentry, Goodenovv, Gnnnell, Hampton, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hav, Haymond, Henry, Hilhard, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, W. T. Jackson, James h. Johnson,
