1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
this bill. Southern gentlemen refused to taSfe the
appropriations. Take one example of the sec-
tional character of the bill: Last night, when the
bill was under consideration, the gentleman from
Jfew York—he meant that one to whom the
chairman of the Ways and Means referred good
humoredly as being only five feet four inches high,
"[Mr. Clarke,] who, if the mind is the measure
of the man, is very tall—moved an appropriation
of $10,000 for Sackett's Harbor, but his amend-
ment failed. This morning, the member from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] succeeded in obtaining
an additional appropriation of $100,000 for several
southern rivers, and this too in a House where
the North has a large majority of members. Was
this evidence of sectional feeling? He hoped that
the gentleman from Virginia would give facts, and
not merely charge that this bill was sectional. It
was not, according to his knowledge of facts; it
never had been a sectional bill, and he had seen
no disposition on the part of northern members to
make it such. From his knowledge of them, he
never expected to see this the case.
If there was not a large appropriation in this bill
for the southern States, it was the fault of south-
ern members. They had sometimes constitutional
scruples. They refuse to call the "attention of the
committee to the wants of their constituents; they
refuse to move appropriations for the benefit of
their sections, and they warmly oppose this bill.
He most earnestly hoped that this tttll would pass.
The interest of his State would be greatly pro-
moted by it. It was another bond of Union. And
after the passage of the glorious compromise meas-
ures, give them this bill, and then a little improve-
ment m the tariff, and it would be the cap-sheaf
adorning the whole.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hathontj's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved a pro forma amendment,
and said: I desire to say that nothing could show
more clearly the impolicy of such a measure as
this, than the remarks which the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Staxlt] has submitted.
What has he not said here to this committee and
to the country ? He has said that the inequality
in these appropriations which 1 have shown to
exist, is because gentlemen having constitutional
difficulties of voting appropriations 
Mr. DUER here rose to a point of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the gentleman to forbear,
and let me finish what I have to say.
Mr. DUER. The bill has been already suffi-
ciently debated, and general discussion is not in
order on these amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must confine himself to the amendment be- ]
fore the committee. |
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stastlt] was in order, I am in or-
der in replying to him. There is no parliament-
ary rule better settled than that if one gentleman
is permitted to speak out of order, another may
reply to him. Now, what has not the gentleman
declared ?
Mr. DUER. I must insist on my point of or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must confine his remarks To the amendment
pending.
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman from New
York will indulge me now. I promise that I will
not trouble him with another speech. I want
simply to say that the gentleman from North Car-
olina has avowed here that these appropriations
are made, not in reference to what the interests of
the country may require, but in reference to the
votes that members from different sections may
give.
Mr. STANLY. I said no such thing.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from North
Carolina did not say that.
Mr. STANLY. I said nothing like it.
Mr. MORSE said: I desire to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia. I cannot
vote for that amendment, and I regret that it is
not in order to amend it now. I hold in my hand
an amendment, which, at the proper time, I shall .
offer. I think that what I intend to propose
should be added as a clause to nine tenths of the
appropriations provided for by this bill, or pro-
posed in amendments; and particularly should it
be added to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia. I want to provide that Congress shall
never be called upon to remove or destroy these
internal improvements, but may abandon them to
the States whenever the same may be deemed use-
| less.
This amendment should, I say, be added to
! every proposed appropriation; and especially
j should it be incorporated in the amendment of my
|. friend from Virginia. I wish also to say, that
in asking for these appropriations for particular
| rivers it has generally happened that all the
information that is furnished relative to their ne-
cessity, is given by gentlemen living on their
banks, and who are immediately interested in
their improvement. Parties are brought forward
who 'are stated to be able engineers, and upon
whose estimates appropriations of $50,000, or
$100,000 perhaps, are proposed. After all, what
is effected by these appropriations? You have
hardly appropriated for this Cumberland dam be-
fore you are asked to remove it, a clear admission
that the appropriation was wasted.
Mr. DUER rose to a point df order. The gen-
tleman's remarks were clearly not relevant to the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Loui-
siana must confine his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. MORSE. 1 will simply, then, further add,
that we may expect to have applications for the de-
struction or removal of the works for which ap-
propriations are proposed in this bill, unless we
are furnished with more information in relation to
each, and are enabled to act understanding^ upon
them. The amendment I intend to propose,
should, I think, as I have already said, be added
to nine tenths of the amendments proposed, and
to the appropriations contained in the bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. INGE offered the following amendment:
" For the improvement of the navigation 9f the following
riven in Alabama and Mississippi, to wit: $10,000 for the
Bigby, above its confluence with the Warrior; the same
sum for the Tombigbv below said confluence; $10,000 for
the improvement of the Mohile river; $10,000 for the im-
provement of the Warrior river."
Mr. I. said: It is only necessary to look through
i this bill, to perceive that it is sectional in its char-
i acter, and that a vast proportion of the appropria- j
tions are in the northern and northwestern States j
of the Union. I have made no calculation myself, J
but I have no doubt that the result which the gen- i
tleman from Virginia stated to us a moment ago
is correct.' It presents, sir, but a fair exposition
of the sectional injustice of these bills-^ihe original
bill and the substitute. The amendment which I
have offered will enable the committee to correct,
in some measure, the sectional injustice that is
committed.
But the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stavlt] takes issue with the statement of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and he de-
clares that he sees no sectional injustice in this
bill. Well, sir, I confess that this does not sur-
prise me. When did the gentleman from North
Carolina ever perceive sectional injustice in the
action of this Congress ? If the South was to wait
for that gentleman's warning, it would sleep in
eternal unconsciousness; it would sleep until the
assault was perpetrated, and until the spoliation of i
the South was consummated. I am not surprised !
to find this statement coming from the gentleman i
from North Carolina. It is not from him that I
should expect admonitions of danger to the South.
The gentleman from North Carolina says that
he can see no sectional injustice in the bill, and
that no items can be pointed out. . I ask him to
justify to me the appropriation of #75,000 for the
improvement of the Hudson river above and be-
low Albany. How can it be justified except upon
the ground that it is a northern State? And yet it
was necessary to adopt it in order to pass this hill. 1 ]
It is a part of the infamous system Of log-rolling j
alwaysindispensableintheconsummation of tneas- |
ures of this kind. Let me ask him how he could
justify an appropriation for the Illinois river? !
How is that to be justified but upon the same
principle. Now these streams are 'surely not en-
titled to more consideration than the Streams em-
braced hi the amendment -which I have offered.
Certainly the Illinois river does not compare in
importance with the rirers embraced in my amend-
ment. Look at the exports from the city of Mo- :
bile. It is not necessary for me to state to the '
committee that Mobile is the third exporting city ,i
in the United States. [Here the Chairman's ham-
mer fell.]
Mr. STANLY. I have a single-word to say.
I do not believe the gentleman from Alabama wants
the appropriation which he asks; but he has offered
the amendment, under the rule, that he might make
an unkind and unprovoked fling at me. I do not
know what I have done to incur the gentleman's
displeasure.
Mr. INGE. I merely stated facts and drew in-
ferences.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman said that the
spoliation of the South could take place before she
would hear a warning from me. The gentleman
shows that he has little sense and less charity when
he charges me with being unfriendly to the South.
I repeat, I am unconscious what unicindness I have
done to provoke the gentleman.
Mr. INGE. I did not hear the gentleman. Will
he be good enough to repeat what he said ?
Mr. ST ANLY. I say you have little sense and
less charity in charging me with unfriendliness to
the South.
Mr. INGE. I say that that remark is ungentle-
manly and unparliamentary, and comes from a
blackguard.
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Chairman, he charges me
with being a blackguard. He has just shown to
the House and to the country that he is one.
The CHAIRMAN. Personalities are not in
order.
Mr. STANLY. No; personalities are notTn
order. I am willing to let our conduct be judged
of by the public; and let them estimate his char-
acter and mine. As to my friendship for the South,
let the record and my conduct speak, whether I
have not more friendship for the South than those
noisy traitors who impeach others, and seek the
applause of the grog-shops at cross-roads at home
by their own professions of devotion, and by cry-
ing out eternally, " there is danger—danger to the
South." Even those who voted with a majority
of southern members updft- certain measures are
uncharitably assailed.
I regret 1 have been called on to say anything.
I was unconscious of giving any provocation. The
gentleman cast the first stone, and he will make the
most of what I have said. I shall hereafter treat
remarks from that quarter with the contempt they
deserve.
The amendment of Mr. Inge was rejected.
Mr. J. A. KING offered the following amend-
ment:
" For a survey of the harbor of Ogdensburg, NewYork,
92,000."
Mr. K. said: I offer .that amendment on behalf
of a colleague, [Mr. P; King,] who, from accident,
is unable to offer it himself. It is for the improve-
ment of Ogdensburg harbor, on the St. Lawrence,
at the lowest point of navigation. It requires an
amount of dredging, and by proper improvements
can be made susceptible of a large amount of ton-
nage. The St. Lawrence, as gentlemen well know,
is the great highway for the commerce of the
Lake, and the amount of that commerce is very
great. Over one hundred thousand barrels of flour
come every year from the Western country to that
port, for the purpose of transportation over the
new road from Ogdensburg to Rouse's Point, on
Lake Cnampiain, connecting with the northern
railroads through Massachusetts and New Hamp-
shire. If the harbor be dredged, as it requires, it
will be rendered approachable at all times. It
seems to me that the application is a perfectly rea-
sonable one. I have offered it, with these few re-
marks, on behalf of my respected colleague, as he
cannot be here to speak for himself.
I wish to make one more remark in reply to
what has been said on the other side, that New
York had received the larger share of the appi%
priations contained in this bill. It is truethatshe
will receive appropriations, if the bill should pass,
amounting to between $.200,000 and $300,000.
But then it must be remembered that improve-
ments in New York are beneficial not simply to
the commerce of that State, but to the commerce of
all the States and the world generally. Besides, a
vast amount of the revenues are collected at the
port of New York, and that some appropriations
of money should be expended there to facilitate
that commerce which tends to enlarge the rev-
enue, is certainly neither improper-nor surprising.
New York has not been wanting to herself in
the improvement of that favorable position which
