588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
she now holds by the enterprise and forecast of j
her citizens. And having nobly done her duty at
home, she has the better right to demand that
the General Government shall fulfil its duty to-
wards the States of the Union, by the improve-
ment of the rivers and harbors of the country—
the channels and safeguards of its widespread
commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that he had
no particular hostility to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from New York but he spoke
as^inst it on this ground: that nearly all the
amendments had been offered which had any
prospect of success, and that if they were to go
through the bill to-day, the friends of the bill must
abstain from offering any more amendments. For
his own part, he had between twenty and thirty 1
amendments which he desired to offer, but he had
restrained himself, and he hoped that other friends
of the bill would do the same, and be content with
voting on the amendments that might be offered
by the opponents of the measure.
The question was then taken on Mr. J. A.
King's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, offered the fol
lowing amendment:
" For the improvement of the navigation of the Pearl,
Big Black, and Yazoo rivers, in the State of Mississippi, :
each $25,006." |
Mr. B. addressed the committee as follows: I ,
iRd not intend to propose any amendments to this
bill. In looking over its provisions as it caine
from the committee, I observed that the State
which I have the honor in part to represent has
been entirely overlooked, ana I took it for granted .
that it was a part of the sectional character of the j
bill to leave out those States and those Congres- I
sional districts from which no hope of help was
expected. It was well known that my colleagues
and myself would vote against this bill, and I
took it for granted that for that reason our State
had been entirely ovtfiooked in the large appro-
priations which the bill proposes to make.
Judge of my gratification, then, when the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
announced to us that there was no intention of
making this a sectional bill, and that appropriations ,
were not voted to the southern States because
southern members did not ask it. I ask it in this
proposition. I ask it for a State that has had no
money appropriated to it in this bill which pro-
poses to appropriate nearly two and a half mil-
lions of dollars. I ask it in the name of the six
hundred thousand people of that State. I ask it
in the name of the vast commerce of that State. I
ask it in the name of justice, and in that spirit of
anti-sectionalism that has been so much spoken of
here. If it is the intention to appropriate money
equally among the Stales, why, then, give to my ;
StAte at least some portion of that which belongs
to her. I tell you now, that so far as I am con- '
cerned, I do not intend to vote for this bill. I
would not vote for it if you were to appropriate
to my State the whole of the two millions of dol-
lars appropriated in this bill. I am not to be
bought or to be bribed to support this measure,
which I believe you have no constitutional right
to pass. But as the gentleman from North Caro-
lina has given us to understand that we are to
expect nothing from Congress in this general
scramble but what we ask for, I ask that this
appropriation may be inserted in the bill. But I
tell you now, that even if you put it there, I shall
vote against the bill.
Mr. FITCH said: In giving my reasons for
objecting to and opposing this amendment, I shall [
present the reasons that lead me to oppose the j
whole substitute. I am sorry that the gentleman !
himself lends himself to the impression of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that this bill, as originally
framed, was so framed upon sectional principles,
for such I know has not been the fact. This bill ,
was framed by the committee under the recommen-
dation of the proper Departments, and it cannot j
be supposed that our National Government would
lend itself to fostering any particular sections of
country abave others. Whatever the charges
may be that may be brought against the particu-
lar committee that reported this bill, those charges
cannot be brought against the Departments. I do
not believe, indeed, that any charge of this kind
can be properly brought against the committee.
It does not contain appropriations for objects that i
are strictly local in their character, and that are
confined entirely to any particular State.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked if the
Hudson did not lie in New Ywk State alone?
Mr. FITCH. That is true, but that stream,
on account of the vast amount of commerce that
is borne on it, is of a different character and im-
portance.
Mr. SPAULDING said that the Hudson was
not confined to New York alone, but that it washed
the shores of New Jersey.
Mr. FITCH. Yes, that is the case. I said
that my opposition to the amendment did not more
apply to it than to the entire substitute. My op-
position, in fact, arises from two general rMsons.
One is that the substitute embodies in it appropria-
tions for works that have not been based upon the
estimates of the Department. Now, I am willing
to take upon trust the recommendations of the
Department, but I cannot take the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Commerce, unsustained
by that of the Department. The other is a special
reason, having reference to the discrimination.that
is made between rivers in the same State—having
reference to the discrimination between the Wabash
and the Illinois, in the same State. If one must
be provided for, so should the other equally be
provided for. When rivers tire navigable for the
same class of boats, as these are, I do not see why
there should be any discrimination.
It has been urgea here that this bill was framed
with a view of buying votes. Those who make
this charge make themselves amenable to the
charge that their votes are in the market. It is to
be presumed that they are to be bought them-
selves. If they make this charge the* should sub-
stantiate it, or show good reasons why they make
it, or the inference I have drawn is reasonable.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
and it was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following amend-
ment:
" Towards completing the Cumberland road from Spring-
field, in the State of Ohio, to the Western boundary line of
that State, $50,000."
Mr. S. said: I shall confine myself to a remark
or two upon the amendment itself, and not go into
any general debate. Believing, as I do, that this
doctrine of internal improvements, which I hold to
be constitutional, is amphibious, and extends to
both land and water; and knowing, as I do, that
this great national work has been too long ne-
glected 
The CHAIRMAN, (interposing.) Upon reflec-
tion the Chair doubts whether this amendment is
in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I can inform the Chair that
I have got this provision into three river and har-
bor bills before, and I regret to say that Mr. Polk
j vetoed it once.
The CHAIRMAN made a remark which was
not heard, but he was understood to say that the
gentleman could proceed, unless he was called to
order.
Mr. SCHENCK proceeded. I was about to
speak of the condition of this great national work.
It was commenced in the time of Jefferson, and
was continued through successive Administrations
down to 1839, when the annual appropriation for
it was cut off, and the road is now left in an un-
finished condition. It commences at Cumberland,
in the State of Maryland, and passes through the
Blue Ridge in that State, along through Pennsyl-
vania, through Virginia, into and through Ohio,
, and into the State of Indiana. The road is com-
! pleted from Cumberland continuously to Spring-
j field, in Ohio, and has been surrendered to the
, States to be kept in repair. In Indiana it has been
surrendered to that State to be finished out of the
proceeds of public lands granted for the purpose.
' A portion of the road, in the State of Ohio, from
' Springfield to the western boundary of that State,
j is in a state of partial completion. It has been
i commenced and a great part of the work done; and
I every farmer through whose lands the road passes,
t has surrendered his right to the land, and furnish-
ed wood, stone, and all the materials necessary for
the construction of the road. A formal surrender
in writing has been taken from each individual.
I hold in my hand a copy of these surrenders,
but-I have not time now to read it. These sur-
i renders have been given to Government for the
j completion of the road, and they embrace about
tweffty acres of land in each section of a mile
square through which it passes. Besides this, ma-
terials for its construction have been taken. The
road has been bridged, and thousands upon thou-
sands of dollars have been squandered upon those
bridges, which, if left in their present condition,
lifted up between earth and heaven upon their
abutments, are of no earthly use to any one.
The road is impassable in its present condition.
The land, property, and materials of the people
of the country have been taken, and it still lies in
this incomplete condition, a disgrace to the Gov-
ernment, that has abandoned this great work. It
is a nuisance to the people of the country through
which it passes, in its present condition. What
we ask for is a small appropriation towards its
completion. The part thus remaining to be fin-
ished is but fifty-three miles. The five minutes
allowed me for explanation will not permit me to
speak of the merits of this great work. It may be
said that turnpike roads, as public works, have to
a great extent been superseded by the more modern
improvements of railroads and canals. But then
such works are in some sense monopolies, as this
is not. A magnificent thoroughfare like this is
common to all, and diffusive in its benefits to the
whole country" through which it passes. It may
be used for all modes of conveyance, and along it
must flow that great tide of emigration which is
annually pouring from the East to the West. But
as matter of justice arid contract too 
[Here the Speaker's hammer fell.]
Mr. TOOMBS said that he was opposed to the
gentleman's amendment, but he admitted that
there was some force in it, According to the con-
struction of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLane,] no one was to have the benefit of Gov-
vernment money except those who had the good
luck to live upon rivers or harbors. A greater
outrage than this could not be conceived upon
roads and canals. If money was given for im-
provements on water, it should also be given for
improvements on land. The State of Georgia, he
said, had built, or nearly built eight hundred
miles of railroad, at a cost of $4,000,000, and she
has paid to the Government upwards of $1,000,000
in duties on the materials. She has no rivers, and
i when our people want to carry their produce to
market they must take it over the roads. The
Government charges us $1,500,000 for building
our road, and then gives that money to those who
live on rivers. We want roads to carry our pro-
duce to market. You charge us $1,500,000 on
railroad iron, and then you turn round and give that
j money to those who are lucl^r enough to live upon
j rivers. The people of Georgia would be very glad
to have the Mississippi, snags and all. He said
that this whole system was a system of plunder,
and that he trusted to God the people would hold
i these men who participated in it responsible. He
; never expected to see many of them here again.
[A laugh.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Schenck'b
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLBORN moved to reduce the appro-
priation for the Hudson river from $75,000 to
$50,000. He said: Mr. Chairman, the complaint
on the part of at least a minority of this House is,
not that the committee in reporting this bill had it
in contemplation to benefit the non-slaveholding
States as such at the expense of the slaveholding
States. At all events I do not myself allege that
such motive entered into the report of the commit-
tee. I do not believe that it influenced the report
of the committee, that appropriations went to the
North, or to the South, to the East, or to the
West. The argument against the bill is neverthe-
less true, founded upon a charge of partiality. Its
partiality consists in its consultation of the strength
of its support, or, in other words,upon an estimate
of the numbers who can be brought to its advo-
i cacy, rather than the claims of the appropriations
, made. That is the argument against the bill. I
do not believe that gentlemen from the northern
or western States can derive the slightest pleasure
from the reflection, that in appropriating a sum of
i money to the North or West, they are taking it
from the South. But" I do believe that when it
was proposed to carry this bill, the vote of such
States as New York, and others more especially
provided for in this bill, were known to be indis-
pensable, and that if it had been necessary, in or-
der to obtain the support of gentlemen from New
York, the appropriation for the Hudson river, for
