590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
that, in.consequence of my sUence here, some of
my constituent inquire whether I am not dead ?
Tiiey will now learn that Iain still "alive and
kicking-."
A:r in, sir, I desire to say that I am in favor of
this mil, and of the policy of improving our great
r.ters and harbors. 1 have always been in lavor
of it, for reasons which 1 have not now time to
give. True, sir, I represent a rural—an agricul-
tural district, m which none of the money pro-
pped to be appropriated under this system will
l>e expended; suit 1 cannot see the force of the
i r'ument just now presented bv the honorable
geutlen en from t-ie.irsia," [Mr. Toombs,] that no
region is to be benefited except those which have
in them navigable rivers or harbors. Sir, you
cannot confine the benefits of these improvements
to the districts in which they are made. Sir, I
hoid that the value of every acre of land under
cultivation in the treat Mississippi valley, from
the Alleghany to the Rocky Mountains, as well
as of the labor of the industrious millions there, is
enhanced by the improvement of that " King of
Rivers " which carries the products of labor into
the high seas.
But, sir, late last evening, my colleague [Mr.
Mii.lxr] and others, denounced this as a grand
s'-hetue of robbery. The honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, .too, [Mr. Brisbin,] denounced,
it as a scheme of plunder, and, as a matter of
course, its friends as the plunderers and robbers of
the people's Treasury. Now, sir, I repel this
charge, and call the attention of the committee to
the strange and most unenviable position in which
the honorable gentleman's inconsistency places
him and his constituents. He (Mr. B.) denounced
it as villainous robbery, and in the same breath
offered an amendment proposing a large appropri-
ation of money to be expended in his own district.
It is true, that when interrogated, he said he would
not vote for the "bill if his amendment carried, but
begged that the committee would give his constit-
uents a share of the plunder! Now,sir, in my
region we see no difference between the moral guilt
of the robber and of those who knowingly receive
the stolen property; yet the gentleman, by his
course, represents his Pennsylvania constituency
as a people who are at all times willing to share
in stolen property, provided they can only get some-
body else to sreal it for them. Sir, I leave the
gentleman's constituents to decide whether he rep-
resents them in their true character. I can respect
the position of the man who, like the honorable 1
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Bcrt,] and
others, openly declares his belief that it is an out-
rage upon the Treasury, and refuses to accept an
appropriation. There is something in such a posi-
tion to command our respect, whilst that assumed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania deserves
contempt. - ■*
It is said that the appropriations are sectional,
and an attempt has been made by some southern
gentlemen to get up a Sorth and South issue upon
the bill. Sir, I come here with no sectional feel-
ings upon this or any other question. I am in fa-
vor of so legislating now, and at all times, as to
secure the greatest degree of happiness and pros-
perity to the greatest number of people. My con-
stituents send me here, sir, to act for the whole
country, to aid in improving all its natural advan-
tages from one end of the Union to the other. I
regard the bill as fraught with lasting benefits to
every section of the country, and I shall snpportit
cordially and heartily, without stopping to inquire
whether a dollar of the money expended under its
provisions will ever reach the district I represent.
Mr. BRISBIN asked if it would be in order to
offer an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said not until the pending j
amendment was disposed of. |
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Caldwell, of Kentucky, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following
amendment:
" Provided, That if the expenditures authorized or tn be
authorized for the fi.ical year terminating on the 30th of
Jane, 1851, exdaKivc of those authorized by this act, shall
exceed fifty millions of dollars, this act shall not take
effect." 1
Mr. McC.said: If the framers of tbeConstitu- I
tion were here they could not fail to be surprised 1
at the scene now being enacted. They could I
Hot fail to b« inspired with fear for the result j
■ of their own noble labors. What do we see?
Contrary to their expectation, the Government
has been rapidly tending to that fate which marks
the decay and ruin of so many governments.
From a few hundred thousand dollars, the ex-
penditures of the Government have ipcreased in a
startling ratio, until they have reached a multipli-
cation of millions. Lei us not deceive ourselves.
Already are we largely in debt, with deficient
revenues und increasing expenditures. The Gov-
ernment of England had existed centuries, when
tiie avocation of nations was war, before its an-
nual expenditures reached theamountof our own.
Monarchy though it was, its expenditures during
the most troublous periods of lite dark and bar-
barous ages, were less than our own. This was
when the Prince had to obtain his supplies before-
hand to carry on wnr. Looking to the degraded,
oppressed condition of millions in Europe, caused
by loans, is it not a question whether the expe-
dient of credit, whereby rulers are enabled to mort-
gage the labor and gains of posterity—is it not a
question whether this expedient, at least, in its
application to governments, is an evil and a curse?
We claim for ourselves the virtues of economy
and simplicity that should distinguish republican
institutions; and yet our practices grossly falsify
these professions. Danger, a greater danger than
war itself, beleaguers ana threatens the integrity of
our institutions—the danger of extravagance,
bankruptcy,and corruption, which although, slow-
ly and sometimes imperceptibly, yet none the
less certainly saps the foundation of justice and
freedom, and perverts the means of public good
into the instruments of tyranny and wrong.
Let it be understood—I call the attention of the
country to the fact, the startling fact—that the ex-
penditures of the present Administration, including
those of General Taylor's administration, with
those of the two years to come, will largely ex-
ceed those of Mr. Folk's administration for a like
period of four years, including a period of foreign
war. Yes, sir, upon this basis it will cost the
people of this country more to carry on the pres-
ent Whig administration m time of peace, than
it cost to conquer Mexico—yes, seven millions
of people, and to acquire an empire, in respect to
territory, under a Democratic Administration. Is
not this a startling and an alarming fact? Let the
people ponder it. Let good men of all parties rally
to the rescue. Let those of us who would stay
these excesses, who would avert these enormous
expenditures, unite upon this amendment, and if
we are defeated, let us appeal to the people to de- [
cide between us and our opponents.
[The hammer fell.]
Mr. BURT. I desire to say a very few words,
Mr. Chairman, which are rendered necessary by
what I had the honor of saying upon yesterday.
I stated to the committee that I had evidence and
an official statement from the Register of the Treas-
ury of the amounts expended in the different States
for harbors, roads, and rivers. I was using these
statistics to illustrate the inequality and partiality
which of necessity existed in any appropriations
for internal improvements—as well those heretofore
made as those contemplated to be made in the bill
now before the committee. The honorable gen-
tleman who sits near me, from the West, called my
attention to the report of Colonel Abert, the chief
of the bureau, who had charge of these works of
internal improvement. Upon an examination of
that report, I find that, in many respects, there
were materia) differences in the amounts set down
in the official report which I had received from the
Department and in that report. I have not had time
to examine and see how far the statements I did
use, from the tables sent by theTreasuay Depart-
ment, are confirmed in this report of Colonel
Abert. I believe, however, that there must be
mistakes in Colonel Abert's report; there may be
mistakes in the Treasury report from whiclj I took
the statements I made on yesterday. It was my
purpose to have published the few remarks I then i
made, with the tables sent from the Treasury De- '
partment. Inasmuch as I find that they-do not |
agree with the statements of Colonel Abert, and !
as I suppose there may be inaccuracies in both— i
desirous as I am to send to the country nothing j
but candid and truthful information—I shall not '
feel myself at liberty to publish these statements. 1
I shall avail myself of some early opportunity of
calling for statements which will be reliable. Now,
sir, that these appropriations are local, and to that
I extent partial, I apprehend that nobody here can
deny. As evidence of that fact, I would point you
to the amount expended for the improvement of
the harbor at Chicago in the State of Illinois.
We find from Colonel Abert's report, and the
Treasury statement, that the sum of $247,601 has
been already expended on that harbor. Chicago
is now one of the chief objects of this hill. It is
monstrous, Mr. Chairman, to appropriate to the
removal of obstructions which nature has eternally
interposed in the mouth of a small stream like that
of Chicago, the revenues that are collected from
the other ports of the country. By the statement
of Col. Abert, not one dollar appears to have ever
been expended for South Carolina. Her exports
are more than six millions, while those of Chicago
are comparatively nothing. When my friend from
Maryland [Mr. McLanbt] tells us that the object
of these improvements is to renderasafe and cheap
mode for the transportation of the commodities of
the commercial marts, I trust he will remember
the fact to which we will now call his attention.
It is not to be disguised that the object of these
appropriations is to distribute revenues obtained
from those who receive nothing, to those^who con-
tribute either nothing or but little to the revenues
of the country. I trust that the attention of the
whole country will be directed to this subject by
the debates of this House, and by these proposi-
tions for internal improvements. Do not think
that the South will let them begin to carry out a
system which is to pervade our whole country. I
reside, sir, only some twenty-five miles distant
from my honorable friend from Georgia, [Air.
Toombs.] I reside on the banks of the Savannah
river, a stream which is navigable some three hun-
dred miles by steamboats and by the common keel
boats—a stream upon which is sent commerce to
the amount of millions in value. I will not un-
dertake to say how many bags of cotton.are sent
down the Savannah river, but an immense num-
ber of them 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRISBIN asked if it would be in order to
move an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said an amendment was
already pending.
Mr. BRISBIN wished to move an amendment
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman's amend-
ment would not be in order until the pending
amendment was disposed of.
The question wap then taken by tellers (Messrs.
Corwin and Harris acting) on Mr. McCler-
nand's amendment, and decided in the negative—
ayes 67, noes 75.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Cries of "(Question !" "question !"
Mr. McMULLEN submitted the following
amendment:
"For the improvement of the North Fork of the Holstein
river, frbm 3aHville,in the county of Washington, Virginia,
to its junction with the main Holstein river, $50,000."
Mr. McM. said: Mr. Chairman, I am very
anxious to bring this matter to a close; but I feel
myself, nevertheless, called upon to offer this
amendment. I have not offered it for the purpose
merely of making a speech, but in good faith, and
with the hope that if the bill is to pass this House,
that it may be incorporate^ in it. I desire, sir,
that my constituents may know th&t the Com-
mittee on Commerce, who reported this bill—■
which purports to be a system of great national
improvements—have entirely forgotten that great
portion of the country which I- have the honor in
part to represent. Sir, the chairman of that com-
mittee has done this great section of the country
great injustice, in his distribution of the appropri-
ations which are contained in this bill. While he
has made liberal and extravagant appropriations
to the North and West, he has gimi to the people
of Virginia the sum of $20,000 only.
Sir, the chairman of that committee denied that
the bill contained anything sectional or local in its
provisions. I regard it as partial and sectional
in its character, and one which ought to be dis-
•carded by every Democrat on this floor. I am
opposed to the principle of the bill itself, but if the
committee and the House are determined to pass it,
then 1 wish to see the amendment I have offered
incorporated in the bill, for it provides for nothing
more than justice to that section of country to
which the amendment refers.
I repeat, sir, that the bill is partial and sectional
