594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
grossment of the first branch of the paragraph, I
as follows
" For the improvement of the Mississippi river, the Ohio
below the (Wis at Louisville, and tile Missouri and the Ar-
kansas rivers, §240,000."
Mr. ALBERTSON demanded the yeas and
nays on the question; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the first
branch of the paragraph was ordered to be en-
grossed
The question now being on ordering the en-
grossment of the second.branch of the paragraph,
as follows:
" And for the Illinois and Tennessee rivers, $30,000
each"—
Mr. JONES inquired whether the second branch
was not divisible, so that a separate vote might be
taken on each river?
The SPEAKER decided that it was not divisi-
ble.
Mr. JONES called for a separate vote on the
second braneh, and the call was seconded.
The question now bein<^, " Shall the second
branch of the item be engrossed ?M
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
99, nays 78—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Bokee. Bowie, Bowlin, Briggs, Bur-
rows, Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Doty, Dner, Dun-
can, Duvkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gnnnell, Hallowav, Hampton,
Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Ilaymond, Henry, Houston, How-
ard, Howe, William T. Jackson, James L. J olmson, Robert
W. Johnson, Kerr,George G. King, JamcsG. King, John A.
Kins, Leffler, Levin, Horaee Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McGaughey. MeKissock, Robert M. McLane, Finis K. Me- i
Lean.Meacbam, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morehead, Mor-
ton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Putnam, Roy-
nokis, Richardson, Risley, Rnbbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose, 1
Rumsev, Saekett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Sliepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Spracue, Stanly, S weetser,
Taylor, John B. Thompson, Tlmrinaii, Tuck, Underbill,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
and illiams—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly, Bcale, Bell,
Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Brisbin, Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cleveland, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colcoek, Daniel, Danner, Deborry,
Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewini, Feather-toil,
Fiteh, Freedlev, Fuller, Gerry, Gil more, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Tsham G. Harris, Hibbard, Hoag- !
laud, Holiaday, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew John- 1
son, Jones, Littlcfield, Job Manu, Mason, McDonald, '
MeLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade,
John K. Miner, Millson, Morris, Morrison, Morse, rtrr, I
^Jwen, Parker, Peaslee, Powell, Robinson, Ross, Savage, !
So the item was ordered to be engrossed. j
On the above vote Mr. Gorman, and Mr. Stan-
tov of Tennessee, stated that they had paired off, i
with whom was not dictinctly heard.
The remaining items in the bill were then sev-
erally ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time; and
The said bill having been engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
The question then recurring on its passage,
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question; which was seconded,and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put.
The question now being, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. DANIEL demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered-^tnd the question beingtaken,
it resulted—yeas 103, nays 87—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowie, Bowliti, Breck, ftriggs, Buel,
Burrows, Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler,Clarke, Cole,
Conger, Corwin, Crowel!, Dickey, Doty, Duer, Duncan,
Dnrkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Fowler, Giddingj, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, Grinnell, Hal-
loway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Houston, How-
ard, Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Julian, Kerr, G. A. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Leffler, Levin, Horaee Mann, Marshal], Matteson,
McGaugbey, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Finis E.
McLean, Meacham, D. F. Miller, Moore, Morehead,Mor-
ris, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Saekett,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaulding, S prague-Stanly, Frederick P. Stariton, Sweet-
•cr, Taylor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thur-
man, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Wat-
kins, Wentworth, White, and Williams—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Brisbin, Joseph
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cleveland,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Danner, De-
i'mi'nick, Dunham, Rdmundson, Ewing, Feather-
won, Freedley, Fuller. Gerry, Gilmore. Gorman, Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham Q. Harris,
i Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hoag-
, land, Holladity, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew John-
son, Jones, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClnrnand,
McDonald, MeLanahan, McMullen, McUueen, Mr Wil-
lie, Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morrison, Morse,
Morton, Orr, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Pcnn, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Richardson, Robbius, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Saw-
telle, Seddon, Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong,
h Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Veuable, Waldo,
• Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Woodward, and Young—
87.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAVAGE moved to amend the title, so as
to make it read, " The American Spoliation Bill."
The SPEAKER ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. MILLER, of Iowa, gave notice of liis intention to
introduce a IhII granting eighty thousand acres of land to
aid in the construction of a plank road from Fort Madi-
son to Fairfield, by the way of West Point, Salem, and
Glasgow, aud to authorize the corporate aurhonties of Fort
Madison to have the control and direction in the selection
of the said lands, and for the sale and conveyance of the
same. •
Also, that he would, at the first opportunity, introduce a
bill to confirm the opinion delivered by the late Attorney
General Johnson, on the law granting "land to the State of
Iowa for tlie improvement of the Des Moines river; and
which continues the grant to extend to the head waters, or
source of said river, and that another object of the bill will
be to cause to be paid to the State of Iowa all of the money
received by the United States from the improper sale of a
portion of said laud during the administration of President
Polk.
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. OGLE: Resolutions of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania relative to the establishment of a line of mail
steamers between San Francisco and China, and Philadel-
phia, Norfolk, and Europe.
Also, resolutions of the same Legislature to proenre the
distribution of the reports of the decisious of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of William Boyd, Evan
Totvnsend, William A. Springer, and others, for a mail
route from Oshkosh, by Little River, to Plover portage.
Also, a petition for a mail route from Beaver Dam to
Wyocena.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin for an
appropriation for a light-house at Bailey Harbor, on Lake
Michigan.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin for an
appropriation for a road from Twin Rivers to the Door.
By Mr. ALLEN: The petition of 75 citizens of Prince-
ton, Massachusetts, for the repeal of the fugitive slave law;
Of 113 citizens of Sherburne, Massachusetts, for the same;
of 59 citizens of Needham, Massachusetts, for the same;
of 17 citizens of Natick, for the same; of 47 citizens of
Lancaster, Massachusetts, for the same; of 84 citizens of
Norton, Massachusetts, for the same; of 343 citizens of
Raynham, Massachusetts, for the same.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of William Hopkins and
40 others, citizens of Hancock county, Maine, praving
Congress to establish Sedgwick as a port of entry within
the present collection district of Penobscot.
Also, the petition of Benjamin C. Sargent and 14 others,
citizens of Hancock county, for a like purpose.
By Mr. ALBERTSON: The petition of Samuel Hum-
phreys and 64 other citizens of Posey county, Indiana, in
reference to the freedom of the public'lands.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, aski ng a modification of the tariff of 1846; and, also,
that a capitation tax may be levied on emigrants to our
country.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition ofDe Witt C. Brown,
assistant marshal, for an increase of the compensation
allowed by the act of May 23,1850, to assistant marshals
for taking the seventh census.
By Mr. DISNEY : The memorial of certain citizens of
Cincinnati, asking Congress to remove the obstructions to
a free navigation around the falls of the Ohio.
By Mr. ROSE: The petition of Emery B. Pottle, E.
Wells, Griffin C. Sabin, and other citizens of Naples, On-
tario county, New York, praying for additional compensa-
tion to deputy marshals.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of Lyman Marshall, one of
the deputy marshals for taking the census in Madison
county, New York, praying for an increase of compensa-
tion.
By Mr. GIDDINGS : Petitions for the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law—of Daniel Grain and 25 other citizens of
Morrow county, Ohio; of John Hayden and 11 other citi-
zens of Morrow county, Ohio; of David Reese and 32
other citizens of Morrow county, Ohio ; of W. Hance and
30 other citizens of Morrow eounty, Ohio.
By Mr. SPAULDING: Four petitions of citizens ofErie
county, New York, for an increase of compensation to as-
sistant marshals, for taking the census.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The resolutions of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania, asking Congress to provide for the distri-
bution ot the reports of the decisions of the Supreme Court
of tha United States,
Also, resolutions of the same, asking Congress to aid in
the establishment of a line of mail steamers between Snrj
Francisco and China; and between Philadelphia, Norfolk,
and Europe.
i Also, the petition of Arnold Brnluni and 11 others, of
! New York, praying that twenty-five and tillv cent puces
I may be no longer coined; and that instead thereof, a law
may be pnssed authorizing the coinage of twenty and forty
cent pieces.
By Mr. REED: The petition of Carver Tomlinson and
136others, citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
for the repeal oftlie fugitive slave law.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania to
procure thedistrilmtion of the reports of the decisious ofthe
Supreme Court of the United States.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition of Joseph Philbriek
| and 103 others, citizens of the town of Bloouilield, in the
! State of Maine, praying tor the speedy and nnconditioiiiil
repeal oftlie fugitive slave law.
| By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of William Bonlmm,
i assistent marshal, and 38 others, citizens of Steuben conn-
i ty, New York, for additional compensation for taking the
; census.
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition of J. Hall and others,
of Broome county, New York, for additional compensation
to the assistant marshals.
By Mr. McIIOIVALD: The petition of Merrick Sayne
, and 11 others, citizens of Congressional Township iVtu.
, twenty one, north of range ten west, in the Crawl'ordsville
land district, Indiana, praying the right of selecting a shore
section.
By Mr. GIDDINGS : Petitions Iftr repeal of the fugitive
slave law—of Joseph Chnttin and 53 citizens of Gloucester
county, New Jersey; of Joseph Mann and 19 citizens of
Potter county, Pennsylvania ; of Abigail Beck ord and 15
1 ailies of Monroe county, Ohio; of George Langworiby and
75 citizens of Otsego county, New York ; of Owen Ship-
ley and 15 citizens of Lake county, Ohio ; of' Jonathan
Garland and 58 citizens of Winslovv, Maine.
Also, the petition of Harriet K. Rose, and 13 other ladies
, of Campbell county, Virginia, praying Congress to abolish
slavery in the. District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of William Shattuek and 98 other citf-
zens of Cattaraugus eounty, New York, praying that those
colored citizens of the free States who have been sold into
southern slavery may be delivered up on demand of their
; wives and children, and that such laws may be enacted as
to secure this object.
' By Mr. BENNETT: The petition of Charles B. Jacobs
' and other citizens of Chenango county, for additional coni-
| pensation to the deputy marshal for services in taking the
! census.
I Also, a like petition from the deputy marshal and other
citizens of Chemung county, New York.
Also, the petition of Ohauncey C. Cook and 27 others,
citizens of Oneida county, in favor of additional compen-
sation to assistant marshals for taking the census.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of Patrick Connolly, Panl
Juneau, James Mathews, and others, for a mail route from
Ozaukee, by Saukville, Newburg, Theresa, Mayville, and
Horrikon, to Beaver Dam.
Also, the petition of Tyler Caldwell, Frederick Street,
George W. Taggart, and others, for a mail route from Ber-
lin, by Willow Creek, Poysipi, and Lind, to Waupaka.
By Mr. CALVIN: Petitions asking for a modification of
the tariff ot 1846—one from William Kelly and 21 other
citizens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania : one from J. G.
Fleck and 57 other citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania;
one from Philip Clingman and 17 others, citizens of the
same county ; one from D. E. Kobison and 7 others, citizens
•f the same county.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY : The petition of David Hender-
sbott, John Miller, and others, praying for the establishment
of a post route through the township of Liberty, in the
county of Washington, State of Ohio.
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of William S. Gile, as-
sistant marshal, and 94 others, citizens of Steuben eounty,
New York, for additional compensation to marshals for
taking census.
By Mr. DISNEY: The petition of J. B. McAllister and
82 other citizens, praying for the modification of the tariflf
laws of 1846, so that the lhanufacturers of iron, cotton,
wool, and glass articles may receive more protection.
Also, the petition of Milton Way and 49 other citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying thatno more slave States may be ad-
mitted into the Union, to prohibit the holding of slaves in
the Territories of the United States, and abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Joseph Wiley and 63 other citizens
of Chester eounty, Pennsylvania, praying that Congress will
admit no more slave States, to prohibit the holding of slaves
in the Territories of the United States, and to abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of James H. Walker and 62 others, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Isaac Jackson and 49 others, fortbe
repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania : The petition of
citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying for the re-
peal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. REED : The memorial of 185 citizens of Beaver
county, Pennsylvania, complaining of the obstructions to
western commerce by the insufficiency ofthe Louisville and
Portland Canal, and praying Congress to take measures for
the removal of said obstructions.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Benoni Carpenter
and 35 other citizens of Pawtucket, Massachusetts, praying
that the fugitive slave law may be repealed immediately, on
the ground that, in their judgment, it is immoral and inhu-
man.
Bv Mr. ALLEN: The petition of Josiah Sheldon and
252 others, electors of Fitcliburg, Massachusetts, for the re-
peal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts : The petition of Jared
Benson and 270 others, (42 of whom are legal voters,) eitj-
aens of Blackstone, in the State of Massachusetts, praying
for the immediate repeal ofthe fugitive slave law.
By Mr. WIJ1TB: The petition of Wendell St. Van Ben-
