18S1.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
thuyMn, printers to th« Thirtieth Congress praying for re- 1
naMnUJon.
B? Mr. WALDEtf: The petition of Pbine&s Brigbam,
assistant marshal, and citixens of Otsego ctmnty, Neto
York, praying that the compensation allowod by the act of
May £3,1859, to assistant marshals for taking the seventh
census nay he iuereased.
By Mr. B OYD: The memorial of a very large number of
the citizens of Philadelphia, asking a grant of 160 acres of
land lo the officers, soldier*, seamen, and marines, who
have fterrod in the war of lSli,
Abo, the memorial of Aiao* 8t J. E. Kendall, prayiug
Congress to secure to them moneys due to them from the
" Old Settlers," or Western Cherokee Indians.
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of Henry J, Piatt and 50
others, eitisens of Redding, Connecticut, praying a discon-
tinuance of the present ostein of selling (lie public lands,
rod the grant oflimited quantities to a^iuil settlers.
By Mr. FREEDLEY : The petition of Thomas Brooke-,
of Delaware county, Pennsylvania, for a pension as an in-
valid volunteer.
By Mr. ROSE: The petitioa of William Johnwn, of
Senp-ea, Ontario count}*, !?ew York, prayin* additional
compensation ft>r services as deputy marshal.
Also, the petition of 129 citizens of Hlmitv eonnty, Indi-
ana, prayiug Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law
parsed at the la>t session.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of
Genesee, Henry county, Illinois, for a grant of land for a
railroad from Warsaw, Illinois, to Rock ford, Illinois.
By Mr. DISXEY: Two memorials from certaiu eitisens
of Ohio, remonstrating against the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. 3CHERMERHORtf: The memorial of 0. For-
syth and others, asking additional compensation for ser-
vices performed by Hciyy Gaul, of Rochester, as assistant
marshal for the northern district of New York, on taking
the seventh census.
Also, the petition of John Armstrong and others, citizens
of NorthHeld, Summit county, Ohio, praying the repeal Of
the fugitive slave law of the last session of Congress.
By M. HOWE: The petition of John McCounell and 58
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to repeal the fugitive slave law.
Also, the petition of J. W. Plannett and 38 others, dti-<
sen* of the same county, upon the same subject.
, By Mr. BRIGGS: The petition of executors of Lieuten-
mnt Stephen CJapp, Massachusetts line, for commutation
pay.
By Mr. CLARKE: The memorial of the assistant mar-
shals of the county of Jefferson, of the northern district of
the State of New York, showing that tue compensation
allowed for tnking the census is nut an equivalent for
labor, &c.
By Mr. JUL IAN: The petition of $10 citizens of Wayne
county, Indiana, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive
slave law passed at the last session.
IN SENATE. i
Tdbidat, February 18, 1851.
Mr. MORTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida, recommending the estab-
lishment of a Bureau of Agriculture in the De-
partment of the Interior at Washington, whose
province it shall be to superintend and promote
tiie great interest of agricultural improvements in
the nation; which was ordered to be printed and
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Also, a resolution of the same, in favor of the
establishment of a tri-weekly mall between Mari-
anna and Ocheesee, and between Marianna and
Abe's Springs, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the same, in favor of a do-
nation of land for the Alligator and Jacksonville
plank road; which was referred to the Committee
en the Public Lands and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the same, in favor of pla-
cing buoys to show the channel over Mosquito
bar; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce and ordered to be printed.
Also, a series of resolutions from the same Le-
gislature, one asking some immediate provision by
law whereby all worthless sixteenth sections ap-
propriated for the use of schools may be relin-
quished', and lands suited to so munificent and
praiseworthy an object be selected; one asking a
donation of land to aid in the construction of the
Atlantic and Central Gulf Railroad; one in favor
of the enactment of a law to graduate the price of
the public lands in that State; and one urging upon
Congress the passage of a law granting to the
State all the lands belonging to the United States
within its limits, to be appropriated by the Gen-
eral Assembly for the direct benefit of its citizens
individually; all of which said series were referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a memorial from
inhabitants of New Albany, in the State of Indi-
ana, asking that provision may be made for re-
moving all that portion of the African race who
are both willing and ready to emigrate; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. ,
' Also, a memorial of the lata and present regis- 1
ters and receivers #f the land office at Indianap-
olis, Indiana, asking additional compensation for
locating military bounty land warrants; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr, CLAY presented a memorial of citizens of
Philadelphia, asking such modifications of the
bounty land law as will secure to the soldiers of
the war of 1819 one hundred and sixty acres of
land; which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Clarion
county, Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the
tariff; which was referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I have been re-
quested to present a memorial signed by ninety
members of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, set-
ting forth that they cannot but earnestly urge upon
Congress the adoption of the plan so ably recom-
mended at the last session by the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the House of Representatives for
the establishment of a line of steamers between
the United States and Africa. They set forth
what in their opinion would be the advantage of
such a communication between this country and
that, and earnestly recommend to Congress to pass
the bill, which proposes to give such aid as me-
morialists have lieretofore asked on that subject.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. COOPER. I present two petitions: of the
import of that which has just been presented by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, in refer-
ence to an increase of the quantity of bounty land
allowed to a certain class of officers and soldiers.
The memorial was refefred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I,hold in my
hand nine petitions from citizens of Pennsylvania,
both from the east and from the west, on that topic
of which the Senate have heard a good deal, and
upon which I hope they will act before very long—
I mean the tariff. *
The petitions Were referred to the Committee
on Finance. .
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand also a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying for the repeal of the act of Congress ap-
proved 18th September, 1850, for the recapture of
fugitive slaves. I have been in the habit of moving
the reference of such petitions to the Judiciary
Committee, but as the Senate has given a different
direction to these petitions, I move that it be laid
upon the table.
It was laid upon the table accordingly.
Mr. W AL&ER. I have been requested to pre-
sent a petition of the Industrial Legislature of the
State of New Jersey, which was lately in session
at Trenton in that State. It briefly reviews the
policy which the Government has pursued in the
sale of the public lands, and concludes with a
prayer that the course heretofore pursued may be
abandoned, and that the lands may be made sub-
ject to settlement by actual occupants.
That this petition may be understood, I will
briefly remark that the industrial classes of the
different States are organizing what they term a
National Industrial Congress, and in the indi-
vidual States they are organizing Industrial Legis-
latures, for the purpose of taking into considera-
tion industrial interests and pursuits; and it is one
of these bodies, one of these State Industrial Le-
gislatures, that has sent this petition to Congress.
They have intrusted it t# me; I introduce it to the
Senate, and I shall move that it be laid on the table;
but in the first place I desire to make an observation
in explanation of the reason why I shall make
such a motion. A great many of these petitions
have been sent to me heretofore, and on my motion
they have been laid on the table. I have received
some letters expressing some surprise at this, the
reason why it was done not being understood. It
is known here, and I wish it to be known to the
country, that there is a bill upon this subject now
pending before the Senate and under discussion,
and therefore the subject is not before any com-
mittee; Consequently the petitions are laid upon
the table. I wish to say, however, that, at .ne
next session of Congress, if the subject be not
acted upon and disposed of at the present session,
I shall move to take up these petitions and refer
them in the aggregate to the proper committee,
that they may give us another report upon the
subject.
The memorial was laid Upon the table.'
Mr. SEWARD submitted additional-documents
in relation to the claim of Captain Hiram Paul-
ding, of the United States Navy; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE submitted additional documents in
relation to the claim of Thomas Butler; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. NORRIS submitted additional documents
relating to tne memorial of Isaac Adams, for an
extension of a patent; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred House bill No. 281, for the
relief of the legal representatives of Robert S.
Burrough and Stephen Hopkins, reported back
the same without amendment and recommended
its passage, and asked for the present considera-
tion of the bill.
No objection being made, the Senate proceeded
to consider the same as in Committee of tne Whole,
and no amendment having been made, it was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to be read a third
time, and was read a third time by unanimous
consent and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mt. Youno, their Clerk:
Mr. President : The Hoqie of Representative* have
passed a bill for the relief of the widow of the late Colonel
William Gray, to which they re(gne«t the concurrence of the
Senate.
' They have also parsed the bill from the Senate for the
relief of the legal representatives of the late General Wal-
ter K. Araistead, of the Army of the United Stites.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. CLEMENS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the issue of a land patent to Britain Franks, which
was read a first ana second time by its title and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of Caroline L. Eustis; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAYMENT OF INDIAN ANNUITIES.
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary ofthe Interior communicate
to the Senate what lifts been and is the practice ofthe Gov-
ernment in paying the Indian annuities, whether to tl*
chiefs or per Capita; and upon what authority ia said practice
founded. Did not the decisons made by Mr. Eiving, late
Secretary of the Interior, in the cases alluded to, divert the
Indian annuities tYora the per capita as had been the prac-
tice?
Mr. EWING, at a subsequent period of the
day, rose and said: I would ask the Senate to take
up the resolution offered by the Senator from Ten-
nessee. It looks like an honest purpose to get at
the truth. I hope it will be taken up and passed
without a word, so that we may have an answer
to it to-morrow.
The resolution was taken up and adopted.
EXPENSES OF THE ARMY AND NAVT.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate the annual
expenditures for the support of the Army and Navy have
reached an enormous, extravagant.and unnecessary amount,
and have become oppressive and burdensome to the Treas-
ury and the people, and that it is the duty of the President
of the United States to recommend such a plan of reduction
of the Army and Naval establishments of tne United States
as will bring the annual expenditures for the support of both
within the sum of $13,000,000.
PRIVATE CLAIM.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Baldwin, was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions foe instructed
to inq uire into the justice and expediency of so amending the
act for the relief of Charlotte Lynch, sole surviving child of
the late Lieutenant Colonel EbenezerGray, ofthe Connec-
ticut line of the revolutionary army, as to provide for the
payment of an equal share ofthe amountgranted by said act
to Charlotte Lynch to the children of her deceased brother,
Samuel Gray, as being equally With the said Charlotte
Lynch representatives of the said Lieutenant Colonel Ebe-
nezer Gray, and entitled to succeed to his rights.
THE OFFICIAL REPORTS.
The Following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he instructed'
to require the proprietors of the daily papers employed to
