596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
print the current debates of the Senate, to paNish the same
as furnished by the Reporters, without alterationibeing made
by any other person in their manuscript, and that so much
of the resolutions of the 11th August, 1848, and the 24th
February, 1849, ais authorises the publication of speeches
revised or written out by Senators, shall be and is hereby re-
scinded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The object of
that resolution is to secure the publication of the
current debates as they occur in the Senate, so
that what a Senator says may go to the country,
and that that may not go to the country which he
did not say. If a Senator may revise the notes of
his speech and strike out what he did say, he
leaves him who replied in the attitude of replying
to something which was not said. On the other
hand, if he can introduce new matter into his re-
marks, it follows that it goes before the country
as having stated that ■tfhic.h is not replied to, but
which required reply from him who engages in
debate. That is the object of the resolution. It
has been suggested to me that there should be an
exception with regard to speeches, termed set
speeches, which the Senator may request, before he
begins, shall be withheld for revision. After some
reflection, I doubt whether it is necessary, in the
printing of the daily papers, to make such an ex-
ception, inasmuch as the Congressional Globe fur-
nishes an opportunity for every Senator to revise
his remarks, which paper constitutes really the
record before the country of the debates as they
occur in Congress.
Mr. CASS. I trust that, on reflection, the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will withdraw that resolu-
tion. It will place some of us in a very unjust
position, and deceive the country. Certainly it
would do so in my own case. Many gentlemen
enunciate, as the Senator from Mississippi does,
so distinctly that every word can be heard by the
reporters as it is uttered. There are others whom
the reporters can never report, and I am, unfortu-
nately, among that number. There was a Senator
here some years ago, known to many of us, with
whom I have talked over this matter, and he told
me that he never could be reported. It is not the
fault of the reporter; but there is an indistinctness
in the enunciation, or a complication of sentences
of some Senators, which forbids their ever being
reported correctly. There was a gentleman here
from Ohio who never said a word which could
not be reported. I have repeatedly observed the
notes of the reporters of my own speeches, which
sometimes contained sentiments which I never
ktought forward, and which were totally different
from those which I had advanced. I take it for
granted that no Senator would change his remarks;
he might amplify, but he will never so change
them as to place his opponents in a wrong attitude.
I repeat, it would be exceedingly unjust to many
Senators not to allow them to have an opportunity
to revise their speeches.
Mr. HALE. I confess I sympathize entirely
in the unfortunate situation of the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, as an individual case. But
I think, taking what is called a national view of
the thing, his suggestions are rather an argument
in favor of the resolution. He suggests that it
may deter some of us from speaking so often. If
it would have that effect, I think it would be a
very salutary law. If it would have a tendency
to make us fear that we shall not appear quite as
well before the country, and induce us to talk less,
it would be a very desirable resolution. Besides,
I confess that I have suffered in a manner different
from that named by the Senator from Michigan.
I have endeavored, in my poor way, to reply to
remarks in relation to some tilings suggested in
the Senate; and when I have thought my proposi-
tion vindicated, and afterwards have looked at the
reports as printed, my speech, such as it was, was
there, but the one I had undertaken to answer had
gone, the Lord knows where, and in its place
there was something that I had never heard. I
think this is as great an evil as that from which
the Senator from Michigan suffers. I think that
what purports to be a report of the debates ought
to be a report of the debates, and not something
which we would have said if we had only thought
of it in time. I remember once hearing a gentle-
man in the Legislature of New Hampshire speak-
ing to one of his friends whom he thought rather
quick, and, said he, " I could make as good a
speech as you, but I am troubled with after-
thoughts." Now, I do not think a man who is
troubled with afterthoughts should have the priv-
ilege of inserting them in the public debates of the
Senate. I think justice and common honesty re-
quire that what purports to be a literal report of
what is done in the Senate should be that, and
nothing else.
In regard to the other part of the resolution,
which relates to set speeches, I am entirely indif-
ferent. I hope I may never make a set speech as
long as I live. My way is to get up, if I have
anything to say, and say it, and then sit down,
and not get up for the purpose of making a set
speech; and if this resolution should have a tend-
ency to cut off some set speeches, it would not be
a bad thing. But, inasmuch as the resolution
looks to the honest execution of what the Senate
proposes, I hope at least that that part of it will be
adopted.
Now, one word as to the reporting for the Sen-
ate. I have read these reports, and I have read
others, and I have conversed with gentlemen who
have read reports of deliberative assemblies the
world over, and I venture to say that better re-
ports never went out from the proceedings of any
deliberativeassembly in the world than have gone
out under the system which we have adopted. I
think that members make a mistake when tliey un- ,
dertake to correct them, for I think the reporters ,
leave us better than we shall leave ourselves. I |
would not have this considered so strictly that we 1
should not be permitted to correct any little slips
of false grammar, or to insert a preposition if;
we choose, or, as my friend from Mississippi [Mr.
Foote] suggests, the correction of a little Latin or
of poetical quotations. But this substitution of
something else for what was actually said in de-
bate, should not be tolerated. !
Mr. CLAY. The resolution embraces matters
of some importance to the country, and more par-
ticularly to individual Senators. I confess, for one,
that I have not given the resolution that consider-
ation which it deserves, but I think that its con-
sideration had better rft>t consume much more of
the time of the Senate till we have had an oppor-
tunity to examine it. I move, therefore, that it be
laid on the table.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to state that I entirely
concur in what has been said by the Senator from
Kentucky. In answer to the argument of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, that gentlemen can have
their speeches in a revised form put into the regis-
ter of debates in the Congressional Globe, that
would remove a great objection. But I observe
that that publication is be discontinued after the
close of the present session of Congress. I now
renew the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the Sena-
tor will withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. BADGER. I withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should much
prefer to discontinue the publication of the current
debates as they are now published, as authorized
in two daily papers, because if the publication of
the Congressional Globe were discontinued, here-
after the debates of our time would be published
in some more expensive mode than that which we
now adopt, as we have done by those who went
before us. I would prefer, therefore, rather than
discontinue the Congressional Globe, to abandon
1 the reporting of the curr^t debates in the Union
and Intelligencer, and to leave it to be done by the
, newspapers of the country.
Mr. COOPER. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will suggest that I have been told that the Con-
i gressional Globe is not to be discontinued,
i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is the Daily
Globe which is to be discontinued. I did not refer
to the Daily Globe in my remarks, but to the Con-
gressional Globe, the Appendix to which contains
the speeches written out during the session. The
Senator from Michigan refers to those who find
themselves misrepresented. With some this may
be the result of the rapidity with which they speak,
and with others it may be the result of not having
made preparation. "fhat is my case. I often ad-
dress the Senate without having prepared myself
as to what I was going to say, and I always find
in nuch cases that the reporter has failed to report
me correctly. On occasions when I have reflected,
I usually find the reports are correct. The fault
rather is in the speaker than in the reporters, so
far as my case is concerned. But it may be said
that if the debates are published as taken by the re-
porters no one will consider a member responsible
for what may be found in the daily paper. An
extended idea will never be mistaken by the re-
porter,an argument cannot be misconceived. There
may be error in the language; sentences may be
wrong; and sometimes these sentences will con-
tradict a general argument—and in such cases any
intelligent reader will correct them; but he who
seeks to hold one responsible for what is said here
will go to the Congressional Globe, and if the mem-
ber allows what is reported to have been said here
to pass into the record of debates, he then is re-
sponsible, and not till then. I think, therefore,
that little is to be lost in regard to the point of
which the Senator speaks. It may happen that a
Senator in revising his notes will insert what he
| did not say. That constitutes the case which I
J wish to prevent. It may happen that a Senator
] will say what requires a reply, and that reply may
\ be improper as an original remark, but justifiable
j as a reply. To strike out the original remark is
: to censure him whose remarks remain as delivered
upon the record. I was told by a very expe-
rienced reporter that after a discussion which
took place among scientific men, he passed be-
tween them time after time, because the first had
corrected some of his remarks, with which correc-
tion the other party claimed the privilege also of
correcting his own remarks, and thus they cor-
rected them backward and forward until the whole
character of the debate was changed. If the notes
of each member could be sent to others who have
taken part in the debate, so that they may correct
their own remarks to correspond, the. evil now
spoken of would beless; but if we give the promise
to the country that> we will publish the debates as
they occur, let the reporters' notes stand. 1 am
willing that my own remarks should stand and be
published as they are taken by the reporters. I
am willing that they should go out in the careless
and poor language in which they are delivered, in
order that there may be a fairness in the record,
fairness in the representation as it goes out to the
country.
Mr. BADGER. I now renew the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
The question being taken, there were—ayes 26,
noes 13.
So the motion was agreed to.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE RESCUE IN BOSTON.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Ci,ay, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to lay before the Senate, if not incompatible with
the public interest, any information he inay possess in regard
to an alleged recent case of forcible resistance to the execu-
tion of a law of the United States in the city of Boston,
and to communicate to the Senate under the above condi-
tion what means he has adopted to meet the occurrencc,
and whether, in his opinion, any ndditional legislation is
necessary to meet the exigency of the case, and to more
vigorously execute existing laws.
Mr. CLAY. The resolution, sir, which htta
been read embraces three objects: the first to as-
certain what is the actual state of facts, so far as
the Executive can give it to us, in relation to the
J obstruction to the execution of the law which is
said to have occurred on Saturday last in the city
of Boston. The next object is to ascertain from
the President, if compatible with the public inter-
ests he can disclose, what measures he has resorted
! to for the purpose of supporting the authority of
: the law and in vindicating that authority. The
' last of the three objects of the resolution is to as-
| certain from the President whether there be, or
! whether there be not, any defects in the existing
1 law which ought to be cured by other laws, in
order to secure their supremacy throughout the
country.
Mr. President, until the information which is
called for is received, it will be premature to enter
into a discussion at length upon the subject-mat-
ters of the resolution, but I cannot forbear to avail
myself of the opportunity of saying that I have
been shocked, distressed, astounded by the occur-
rence of which the newspapers give, I fear, too
faithful an account, in the third State of the United
States—the first, perhaps, or at least the second in
point of wealth, and inferior to none in point of
intelligence.
What are some of the distinctive features of that
occurrence? It is not simply that the law has
been impeded in its execution, that the officers of
