598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
hopeless. George III. tried this experiment in
Boston, when there was but a handful of people
there compared to the present population. He
sent his royal army there, and they shot down
the citizens in State street. That law which .it
was attempted to enforce was odious to the peo-
ple, and it could not be enforced, though the pop-
ulation in Boston was not one tenth of what it
now is. It cannot be done now if the moral sense
of the people of Boston is against it, and will not
support it; and it is the idlest thing on earth to
send any force there to enforce the law. No, sir,
such is not the foundation on which our institu-
tions rest. They rest upon the moral sentiments
and judgment of the people, and when they fail to
sustain any measure it is idle to fall back upon
standing armies.
I think the consequences of this movement have
been exceedingly magnified. I have no doubt that
the people of Boston will maintain all proper reg-
ulations and laws; Lam as confident of that as I
am that the sun will rise to-morrow as usual. I
am not a citizen of that State, nor do I represent
that State; but if I were one of the citizens of
Boston, I should look upon it as the foulest insult
offered to my State to assume that the laws cannot
be executed; and the fact that violence has taken
place is not the least indication that the laws can-
not be executed. I apprehend that the part of the
account which relates to taking the sword of Jus-
tice down'and flourishing it over the heads of the
officers- is all fancy. I have read an account by
the deputy marshal from whose custody it is al-
leged the fugitive was taken.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I think, per-
haps, that that account is a mistake.
Mr. HALE. It is suggested to me that it may
be a mistake. Whether it be so or not, I cannot
tell. I think this ir.ove is entirely premature, and
that we had better wait and see what movement
the authorities there will make; that we had better
leave the laws to the quiet operation of their own
government, among the people where the laws are
to be executed, before we attempt to magnify this
into any great and serious consequence. I do not
think there is any serious danger of any manifest-
ation of resistance to the law in that quarter.
Mr. FOOTE. As the honorable Senator has
thought proper to refer to a certain occurrence in
the State in which ( reside, I must inform him
that he is in error as to the fact. It is not true
(frat any Federal judge in the State of Mississippi
refused to perform his duty; that he delayed issu-
ing a certain process whilst our Legislature was
is session is true; but that he subsequently issued
a writ, and that the Governor of Mississippi went
to the city of New Orleans in the custody of a
marshal, and appeared in court, and there claimed
a speedy trial, without the least show of violence,
without the least disposition to commit disorder,
is certainly most true, as the newspapers prove,
and as various letters which I have received also
attest.
Now for another fact, for which I fear the Sen-
ator has relied too much upon madame Rumor with
her hundred tongues. There never was seen any
organized body of men, marching through the
streets of the city of New Orleans or any south-
ern city, destined to the island of Cuba, or any
other foreign port. There was some suspicion ex-
isting with regard to the connection of some
southern citizens with the late Cardenas affair,
and this Government deemed it its duty to insti-
tute a scrutiny at once, and that scrutiny has gone
on,-and the trials are now in progress. If that
had not been done, there is no true-spirited south-
ern man who would not have deemed the Govern-
ment wholly unworthy the support of. every law-
abiding citizen. There has been no opposition in
any part of the South, so far as I know, to the
supremacy of the laws, and I am bound to say
that in my judgment ninety-nine hundredths of
the people there would turn out for the purpose \
of aiding in maintaining the supremacy of the law ,
and the Constitution.
I am fearful that what I said yesterday was
misunderstood by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]—perfainly it was, if
he understood me as he has intimated. I did not
believe that the good people of Massachusetts
would not, when called upon, perforin their duty
as good citizens. Certainly it is my opinion that
ey would, and it has been my opinion eon-
mntiy. I have no doubt that the people of Mas-
I sachusetts are a law-abiding people, and that they
will give all proper aid to the Government in
maintaining the supremacy of the law within their
limits. But, Mr. President, by way of a little
testimony on this subject, I will state that it did
so happen that when I received the first intelli-
gence of the unfortunate occurrence in the city of
Boston, I was standing in one of the most public
rooms in this city, and when I expressed the in-
dignation which I naturally felt at what has taken
place, as it was published in the New York Her-
ald of yesterday morning, it so happened that I
had just been introduced to some eight or ten gen-
1 tleraen from Massachusetts whom I had never
seen before in my life, all of whom concurred in
this language. We rejoice, said they, that the
occurrence has taken place, for now it will give a
fair opportunity to the patriotic people of our
i! State to vindicate themselves against the injurious
I; aspersions which have been cast upon our Gov-
ernment. There is not a volunteer from our
. State, was the emphatic language of these gentle-
i men, who will not turn out for the support of the
; Government and maintenance of the laws, and we
are glad to show that we are a law-abiding peo-
ple.
But a single remark in reply to the honorable
, Senator from New Hampshire, who lias made
one of his usual flourishes of rhetoric this morn-
ing. The honorable Senator seems to think that
it is not the duty of the President, in such a
case as the present, to employ a military force. I
am not one of the advisers of the President,
nor do I know what course he intends to pur-
sue, but I do mean to say that the President
| is sworn to maintain the laws, and I do not
i doubt that he will be governed by his oath. He
i is more responsible than the people of any State
I in this Union. So Washington thought, and
so he acted; and he did not hesitate, in a case
not a great deal more (Serious than this, to call into
exercise all the powers committed to him by the
Constitution, for the purpose of maintaining the
dignity of the law, and he did maintain it. The
honorable Senator has referred to the time when
the acts of the Confederation were still existing as
| the supreme law of the United States. AH the
j power granted by the Constitution was exercised
I in the time of Shay's rebellion, when General
Washington was written to by various citizens of
I the State of Massachusetts; and in a book now on
} my table containing letters in answer to those
communications, he urges in the most emphatic
language that the military force should he at once
l called into action for the purpose of putting down
| violent opposition to the law. His language was,
j that no delay should occur in such a cfise. It is
j most honorable to the State of Massachusetts, and
| I am very glad to have an opportunity of saying
j so, that on that occasion the Governor of the State,
although the insurgents were some four or five
■ thousand strong, at once put himself at the head
, of all the military force of the State, and put down
the insurrection. I hope the present Governor of
the State of Massachusetts will not hesitate to do
his duty as Governor Lincoln did his, on a former
occasion. I trust the President of the U«ited
States will not hesitate to supply all" the necessary
aid for the purpose of enabling him to execute his
duty. The Governor of Massachusetts at the
present time, I do not doubt, is willing to perform
his duty; but I do not #ee the necessity of en-
couraging any citizens to perform their duty in a
case so startling to me, and to those who have
spoken on the present occasion.
I will remark, in conclusion, what I really should
not have thought of stating but for the doubt which
seems to be entertained by the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire as to what would be the
proper course of the President of the United States
in such an emergency. I confess that upon the
subject of maintaining the dignity of the laws in
every section, whether South or North, East or
West, I have given my views at all times. I have
made them known publicly and explicitly, and
they are just such views as are applicable to every
section of the Confederacy. \Vith regard to this
subject, I have been a diligent watcher of the events
that have occurred, and I have been prepared to do
my duty as an humble citizen in supporting the
law, and have been prepared to encourage and
support others in doing so likewise. It did so
.happen that in the performance of my duty as a i
sort of an honest inquirer in relation to what was I
going on, and likely to go on, that I learned a fact
so honorable to the Executive that I fear I should
do injustice if I were to withhold it. It is, that
when the city of Philadelphia, generally as quiet
and law-abiding a city as any other, was excited
by the appearance there of violent opposition to
the law, during the last year, the President, when
applied to for aid to support the judicial authori-
ties, did not hestitate to send an order which, I
think, should have been publicly declared. He did
not hesitate to send an order to Commodore Read,
commanding at the station of Philadelphia, when-
ever called upon to turn out all his marine force to
sustain the law, and maintain its dignity against
all opposers. This little anecdote serves to show
the spirit of the President of the United States,
and it will show the Senator from New Hampshire
that, if the President deems it necessary, he will
direct' the employment of the military force in
Massachusetts^ or in any State in the Union, in
order to maintain the law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
when the bill providing for the recapture of fugi-
tive slaves was under consideration, I was one of
those who sought to give it the greatest efficacy
of form. I was also one of those who expected
no great results from it. I feared then, what seems
to be too well realized now, that there was not a
sentiment in the northern States to enforce the
law, and without that public sentiment, without
that consent, I felt that the law was useless.
Here and there, perhaps, a fugitive may be re-
covered, but it is seldom that he can be found;
seldom, indeed, that the process can be executed
against him. In commercial communities it may
occur, in rural communities perhaps never. I did
not then anticipate that if a fugitive were arrested
and brought legally before the commissioner or
judge, a mob could have, the power to release him.
Without that, I still thought the law would be in-
effectual, to a great extent useless for the contem-
plated purpose.
Opposition has gone further than I expected.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts says the common
sentiment is in opposition to the law, and a Sena-
tor who did not address the Senate, but spoke in
tones which reached my ear, said " the universal
sentiment," strengthening the assertion of the
Senator from Massachusetts. If it be so, then it
follows that the law is dead, as to that particular
State. As to the particular case which has oc-
curred, I regret it as much as any one. I regret
, it, because it is an indication of that downward
i tendency in the people of the United States, which
j seems to manifest that they are unworthy of the
Government they have inherited. It is a Govern-
! ment which is wholly inoperative whenever th&
I people cease to have sufficient virtue to execute it.
| Whenever mobs can rule, and law is silenced be-
: neath tumult, this is wholly an impracticable Gov-
ernment. It was not organized as one of force.
Its strength is moral, and moral only.
j The Government of the United States has power
! to suppress insurrection and to repel invasion.*
j What insurrection do you suppose is contem-
j plated? Only insurrection against the authority
j of a State, in which civil government shall be par-
alyzed by physical power. The occasion, too,
I     ——— .
*The following is an extract from the proclamation of
General Washington, then President of the United States,
dated August 7,1794, in relation to the whiskey insurrection
| in Pennsylvania:
" And whereas, by a law of the United States entitled
j ' An act to provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel
j invasions,' it is enacted,' That, whenever the laws of the
' United States shall be opposed, or the execution thereof
obstructed, in any State, by cojnW nations too powerful to
be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by th*t act,
the satue being notified by an associate justice or the dis-
trict judge, it shall be lawful for the President of the United
' States to call forth the militia of such State to suppress such
combinations, and to cause the laws to be duly executed ;
and if the militia of a State where sue!) combinations may
happen shall refuse, or be insufficient, to suppress the
same, it shall be lawful for the President, if the Legislature
of the United States shall not be in session, to call forth and
employ such numbers of the militia of any other State or
States most convenient thereto, as may be necessary; and
the use of the militia, so to be called forth, may be contin-
ued, if necessary, until the expiration of thirty days after the
commencement of the ensuing session: Provided, always,
That whenever it may be necessary, in the judgment of the
President, to use the military force hereby directed to he
called forth, the President shall forthwith, and previous
thereto, by proclamation, command such insurgents to dis-
perse and retire peaceably to their respective abodes within
a limited time."
