1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
must be sudden and ephemeral. If the masses of
any State choose, they have the power, and it is
undeniable, to change their whole form of gov-
ernment. An insurrection, then, must be one
against a State, and a State may seek the aid of
the Federal Government to justify it in introduc-
ing its power in the State for the purpose of SUP~
pressing insurrection. In the better days of the
Republic, may I not say the purer days of the
Republic, the militia of the States were relied upon
for the enforcement of the laws against those who
resisted them wiihin the borders of the States.
Thus General Washington's Secretary of War
balled on the militia of Pennsylvania to put down
the whiskey insurrection. He did not call on the
Army and Navy of the United States,
But, sir, the case in Boston seems to be the
legitimate result of an event which occurred not
not heeded- Itis not fbr me to complain. You are the ag-
grieved party. My comae in this matter meetsthe approval
of some of tile most patriotic citizens near me. I sincerely
hope, as it was dictated alone bv my sense of duty to the
j State, it may meet the approbation of m3' fellow-citizens.' ,
Then let the Senator from New Hampshire
! learn that this Governor, surrounded by a people
attached to him, a man himself of military fame,
and who might, therefore, the more readily have
been suspected of seeking a resort to arms, re-
signed the office which he held, abandoned the
trust copfided to him, that he might go and an-
swer to a charge which he believed to be a charge
entirely unfounded. So much for the reference of
that Senator to the State of Mississippi.
Now, Mr. President, while I am quite willing,
i I may say anxious, to know what measures the
Executive may take, as the question of military
force has been drawn into this debate, I take this
long since, when the officers failed to do their.duty, i occasion to say that I hope the day is far distant
ana the marshal who so failed was not removed. | when the militia of the States cannot enforce the
What was this but a direct encouragement to a , jaws 0f t}le United States, cannot suppress insur-
the militia to his aid, and commanded theinsurgents, and all
persons concerned in abetting their acts, to disperse and re-
tire peaceably to their abodes before the first day of Sep-
tember. .
" Having sent out this proclamation, as a preliminary
measure exacted by the laws, he next made a requisition
for militia on the Governors of New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, and Virginia. The insurgents chiefly resided in
the western counties of Pennsylvania. It was supposed
there were among them about sixteen thousand men capa-
ble of bearing arms, and that they could bring at least seven
thousand into active service. The number of militia at
first ordered out was twelve thousand, and it was subse-
quently increased to fifteen thousand. The Governors of
Pennsylvania and New Jersey took the field at the head of
the troops from their respective States, and die command of
the whole was conferred o" Governor Leo, of Virginia.
The place of rendezvous for the Pennsylvania and New
Jersey troops was Bedford. Tho«e from Virginia ar.d
Maryland assembled at Cumberland, the site of old Fort
Cumberland, at the junctiou of Will's creek with the Poto-
mac river. From every quarter the militia came forward
with alacrity, and" the best disposition was shown by offi-
cers and privates to execute the orders of the Government.
u The President, accompanied by the Secretary of War,
inspected the army at the two places of rendezvous. He
went, by way of HarrUburg and Carlisle, fir^t to Cumber-
I . . ' * , n ii< a.  J .a. fr fhtHv
see this law enforced, who would advocate the
use of the Army to secure its enforcement. I hold
that when any State in this Union shall choose to
set aside the law, it is within her sovereignty, and
beyond otir power. I hold that it would be a total
subversion of the principles of our Government if
the strong arm of the United States is to be
brought to crush the known will of the people
of any State in this Union. Such is my theory
of this Government. If the people of Massachu-
setts choose to nullify the law, if they choose to
obliterate the Constitution, if they choose to deny
the supremacy of the laws of the United States,
they will have but one step more to take, and the
impulse with which they will be moving will com-
pel them to take it; that is, to declare the authority
of the United States abrogated, aad the bonds of
the Union to be no longer over tbem. We of the
South have been constantly arraigned as those
who oppose the Government of the United States,
who nullify its laws, and who manifest a violen t re-
sistance against their execution. The charge is as
untrue as it is common. Look to the history of
the country, and find in times past where the laws
of this Government have been nullified. Else-
where they have been •, in the planting States never.
But special reference was made to the State of
Mississippi. Now, sir, whatever newspaper re-
ports the Senator who made that reference may
have, I tell him those reports are utterly untrue.
Process in the case to which reference was made
was delayed, and I have yet to learn sufficient
cause why it was not longer delayed, when the
Executive of a sovereign State, charged with high
functions of office which he could not lay down
except by resignation, proposed to give the Gov-
ernment security to go to New Orleans and stand
a trial, if they would suspend the process until his
term of office closed. This, it seems, they could
not grant. Justice was hungry for that sacrifice.
Why, I will not say. Many others have passed
unnoticed. Offenders against this fugitive slave
law have gone unpunished. Actors in the Cuba
invasion avowing the fact, have remained unno-
ticed. Still there was one against whom the shaft
unerring must be levelled, and that was the State-
rights Governor of Mississippi—a man who had
grown old in honorable service, civil and military,
and whose gray hairs had brought him accumu-
lated honor. He must be dragged from the duties
of his station to answer the charge of aiding and
abetting an expedition from the United States, in
which it was well known from his public position
he could not have been a participant. I will read
a part of the proclamation of that Governor when
he laid down his office:
"I therefore,fellow-citizens,now resign the high trust
confided to my hands, with no feeling of personal regret,
except that I could not serve you better; with no feeling of
shame, for I am innocent of the causes which have induced
the necessity of this step; on the contrary, although per-
sonally 1 fear no investigation and shun no scrutiny, I have
spared no efforts, consistent with self-respect, to avert this
result. Sp soon as I learned that attemps would be made,
under an act of Congress of the last century, to remove me
from this State, I formally offered to the proper authorities
of the United States, any pledge or security to appear m
New Orleans, and meet the charges against me, so soon as
my term of office should expire; and I remonstrated
against the indignity thus about to be offered, not to my-
self, but to the State, in dragging from his duties her Chief
Magistrate.
" My proposition was not accepted, and my remonstrance
dience upon a State. If this free negro mob
represent the true feeling of the State of Massa-
chusetts, if such be the action of the State her-
self, if she wills to be free of the obligation of the
Union, let her go.   - -   — - 
I, for one, will never give my vote to extend a ji -p|lis discussion is certainly not in order.
quire. Ascertaining: from personal examination that every-
thing was in readiness, and leaving written instiuctions with
General Lee, he returned to Philadelphia. Congress waa
; soon to meet, and it was important for him to be there at
j that time."
Mr. NORPJS. I rise to a question of order.
jingle arm of the Federal power for her coercion.
I trust that tlie history of our Government may j
never record such scenes as horse-guards charging j
upon the peasantry, or steel-clad cuirassiers turned
out to ride down the ignoble rabble.* The people ;
are the sovereigns. Let them act as their wisdom
and their patriotism may direct, and when they
cease to have wisdom and patriotism necessary of
their volition to sustain this Government, I say the
Government is at an end.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply ,rise for the purpose of
putting myself right with regard to an historical >
point. I had no idea of saying anything more.
Perhaps I have said more than is necessary. I j
referred to an insurrection which took place in the
State of Pennsylvania, called the " whiskey insur- !
The PRESIDENT. It has gone much further
than the rules allow.
Mr. FOOTE. I think I am perfectly in order.
The gentleman is mistaken, that is all.
Mr. NORRIS. I call upon the Chair to enforce
the rules.
The PRESIDENT. The simple question is on
the adoption of the resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky. The Senator will therefore please con-
fine himself to that.
Mr. FOOTS. The Chair has allowed a fre*
range of debate to other gentlemen.
The PRESIDENT. The debate has gone fur-
ther than the rules allow, but the Chair disliked to
interrupt gentlemen.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator from
rection," some years ago. I said that the Presi- [| Npw Hampshire [Mr. Hale! referred to various
dent of the United States at that period—General 1 — — : —"
Washington—had performed his duty as Presi-
dent of the United States, by taking the proper
steps to suppress the insurrection. It was a case
of insurrection in the bosom of one of the States
of this Confederacy. It was not suppressed bv ,
the military of Pennsylvania, unaided by the mil-
itary forces of other States. The history of it is ,
entirely different; and as I have an authentic ac- 1
count before me, I shall content myself with sim-
ply reading a few extracts, that all may under-
stand what General Washington thought to be
! his duty in such an emergency as then arose. It j
' will be very high authority, certainly. The his- '
torian (Sparks in his Life of Washington) narrates
the matter in this way:
"Soon after Congress adjourned, the President's atten-
tion was called to another subject of very serious import,
both as it regarded the authority of the laws and the stabil-
ity of the Union. The act of Congress imposing a tax on
distilled spirits had, from its first operation, edited much
uneasiness in various parts of the country, and in some dis- 1
tricts ithad been evaded and openly resisted. The inspect- i
ors of the revenue appointed by the Government were
insulted, threatened, and even prevented by force from dis-
charging their duty. To so great a length had these out-
rages gone in some places, as early as September, 1792, that •
a proclamation was published by the President, admonish- j ]
ing all persons to refrain from, combinations and proceed- ,
ings which obstructed the execution ol the laws, and re- ,
quiring the magistrates and courts to exert tliepoweravested
in them for bringing to justice the offenders. Bills of in- ,
dictment were found against some of these persons and the
marshal attempted to serve the processes issued by the
court. He was met by a bodv of armed men, seized, de-
tained, and harshly treated, i'he malcontents proceeded
from one degree of excess to another, holding seditious
meetings, arming themselves, abusing the officers of the ,,
Government, and bidding defiance to the laws, till they have ,
assumed the attitude of insurrection, and prepared lor an j
organized resistance.
" The moderation and forbearance which, according to ■
his usual practice, the President has exercised toward these
deluded people for more than two years, served only to In-
crease their violence and encourage their determined spirit
of hostility. He could no longer hesitate as to the cotir c
he ought to pursue. He resolveil to employ the means en-
trusted to him bv the laws, and suppress the insurrection by
a military force. As a preparatory step, he issued a procla-
mation, dated on the 7th of Au?ust,in which, after briefly
narrating the criminal transactions of the insurgents, and ,
what had been dene by the Government to allay their dis- j
contents and turn them fiom their treasonable practices, he
declared his determination to execute the laws by calling
...  The case of the " whiskey insurrection,
in Pennsylvania, has been referred to, and it has
been said that the State authorities maintained the
dignity of the law and put down the insurrection,
and that it was not the duty of the Federal Gov-
ernment to call out any force to put it down. I
read from a historic record to show what the wise
men of the Washington era thought of their duty
in such an emergency. I read it simply for the
Furpose of sustaining myself in the position which
assumed. I think it was perfectly in order to
read it, and I think that all who choose to read
the debate hereafter will see that what I have read
is not only to the point, but is elucidative of the
case. ...
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I merely wish to
say that I have before me a letter from the Secre-
tary of War at that time, Major McHenry, who
called on the brigadier general of the militia in the
State of Pennsylvania to enforce the laws of the
United States in the western part ofPennsylvania.*
'•Letter from the Secretary of War to the Governor of
Pennsylvania.
Wa Department, March *20,1799.
Sir : To suppress the insurrection now existing in the
counties of Northampton, Bucks, mid Montgomery, m tho
Btate of Pennsylvania, in opposition to the laws ot the
United States, the President has thought it necessary to
employ a military force, to be composed, in part, ot such or
the militia of Pennsylvania, whose situation and state of
preparation will enable them to march with promptitude.
The corps of militia first desired on this occasion are the
troops of cavalry belonging to this city, and one troop from
each of the counties of Philadelphia. Bucks, Chester, Mont-
gomery, and Lancaster. These troopa I have the honor to
request vour Excellency will order to hold themselves in
readiness to march on or before tin* 98th instant, under
the command of Brigadier General McPherson.
I have the honor to be, with great Jwpeot.nr,.your obe-
JAMES McHENRi.
dient servant,
His Excellency Governor Mifflin.
From the Instructions given to General McPherson the
following are extracts:
War Dfpartment, March 21,1799.
Fir: In pursuance of the President's proclamation, bear-
in" date the 13tlidavoi thW month, i: has become indispen-
sable to determine upon and put in motion the military forca
proper to be employed for suppressing the insurrection in
the counties of Northampton, Montgomery, aad Bocks, in
S this State.
