60Q
Tm QQmRmiOmb GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
ment for his fee? Does not every one know that
courts of justice will not permit an attorney to be
cheated outof his fee by a dishonest client? And
yet, when this is tht law in every tribunal on the
face of the earth where justice is administered,
gentlemen want to interpose to prevent the attor-
ney getting his fee.
Mr, VINTON. This amendment does not
propose to cut off the pay of the agent, but that
the money shall be paid to the Indians, and if the
attorneys can get it, very well. The bill only
provides that this money shall be paid in strict
pursuance of the treaty, and says nothing about
the agent for the Indians.
Mr. BAYLY. This provision of the amend-
ment is either unnecessery or improper. The di-
lema is perfect. The amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means expressly provides that
it shall be paid in strict conformity with the terms
of the treaty. Now, if the amendment does not
vary those terms, it is unnecessary; if it does, it
is improper.
Now, sir, I have to advert for a few minutes to
some remarks that have been made in the course
of this debate. The first is the charge that the
expenditures of the War Department have grown
to a most alarming extent, especially in the Quar-
termaster's department. In reference to this I
undertake to say, that a large portion of this ex-
penditure is in consequence of the improper placing
of troops in Oregon and California. If there is a
body of people on the face of the earth who ought
to be required to defend themselves, it is the people
of California, because they are all, comparatively,
able-bodied and healthy men, unencumbered with
many women and children.
- If such a population as that cannot defend itself
from a parcel of feeble, passive, and cowardly In-
dians—(and such I understand to be the character
of those in California)—I say, if they eannot de-
fend their scalps from such enemies as these, they
have got scalps not worth defending.
The same remarks will apply with nearly equal
force and justice to Oregon. It is this putting of
our troops improperly into extensive regions of
country where they have not been required that
has been the cause that these expenditures have
grown to such an extent.
But this is an administrative matter, over which
Congress has no control, or very little.
A word in reference to the mounted infantry.
When this proposition came ihto the House at the
last session of Congress, with die recommendation
Of General Taylor—certainty a very high authority
in military matters—I nevertheless resisted, it on
the score that a more preposterous proposition, in
a military point of view, was never heard of. To
say nothing of the difficulty of mounting infantry
under any circumstances, I knew that the rank
and file of our infantry regiments consists nine
tenths of Dutchmen and Irishmen, of whom not
one in a hundred was ever on the back of a horse
•in his life. The idea of taking these Dutchmen
and Irishmen, who have never been on horee-back
in their lives, and undertaking to mount them to
fight the Camanches, the best horsemen on the
-face of the earth, was so preposterous that I was
obliged to resist it on this floor.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) I must say, in jus-
tice to the recruiting officers of the Army, ana in
order to a proper understanding of the materials
of the Army, that but one third of the recruits are
Americans, and that two thirds are foreigners. •
Mr. BAYLY. I speak from what 1 have seen.
I have seen something of these regiments. It hap-
pened that for several years I presided at the cir-
cuit in Virginia, where Old Point is situated, and
there was scarcely a session of the court that I did
not have a score of these fellows before me on ha-
beas corpus, to be discharged, on the ground that
they were foreigners, and had been illegally en-
listed. I discharged a great many upon that ground,
and I still think the enlistment was illegal, but the ;
cases were carried to the Supreme Court of Vir- '
ginia, and my decision was reversed. The interest j
that the Government took in it at the time was, as
I was informed by the officer in command, because ,
that decision would absolutely disband the army, j
for that there were very few American citizens m
the army,- and that very few of them could be en-
listed. That was the information on which I re-
lied; but the information of my fMend from South
Carolina is of course more precis^; but even on his 1
own showing two thirds are Dutch and Irish.
Now, what sort of a regiment of dragoons
would such recruits make ? Vou may be pretty
sure that in charge of those dragoons, to which
the gentleman from South Carolina has referred,
those who were able to keep their seats were the
Americans, and those who fell off and were unable
to keep their seats were the Dutch and Irish.
Mr. HOWARD, it is true that only two thirds
of the Army are foreigners; and it is also true that
nearly all the troops in the Army are employed on
the frontiers. But one word in relation to the
subject alluded to by the gentleman from South
Carolina. It is untrue that the Texan rangers are
inefficient in any place where they may be placed.
They were efficient troops in the Mexican and
their own wars—in all circumstances of danger in
which they have been placed. When a bill was
brought in here at the last session of Congress, I
opposed it, and moved an amendment providing
for two mounted regiments in place of it. I took
upon myself to state that it was most absurd, in-
efficient, and inadequate to accomplish the object
intended. Well, the result has been a vast ex-
penditure and the existence on. the frontier of a
body of soldiers that has only served to invite the
Indians to come and plunder.
If you will take away this body of infantry
from Texas and New Mexico, and give the peo-
ple there the money you pay to the (Quartermas-
ter's Department, then they will put down these
Indian hostilities. But the gentleman says that
these Indian tribes are not hostile. Not hostile!
I do net know how it may be in South Carolina,
but in Texas when you cut a man's throat it is
considered an act of hostility.
Mr. BURT, (Mr. Bayly still yielding the
floor.) I do hold that the cutting of throats and
the blowing out of brains constitute a state of hos-
tility, and the people of Texas are in that way
eternally in a state of hostility towards themselves.
' I do not know any country on this continent where
those amusements are indulged in with a keener
relish than in that part of Texas. I have said of
these Texan rangers, that braver men, better
horsemen, or better soldiers are not to be found.
But does the gentleman from Texas not know, on
the authority of one of the most respectable of the
captains of those Texan companies, that there is but
a single company amongst them that has been in
the service of the United States', which can, in the
absence of the enemy, be kept in a state of disci-
pline and subordination? Sir,thecomplaintagainst
them—and nobody has ever denied it—is not that
they have not courage and capacity, but that they
will expose themselves, and that when they come
to be mustered out, their horses are invariably
fagged. The complaint is, that they will not do
what they can do.
Mr. HOWARD. With regard to the people
of Texas, I am glad to be-able to say, that there is
not a more peaceful, & more law-abiding people in
this Union. I do not know how it may be in
South Carolina and the southern States, but we do
not always hear that it is so there. I repeat that
the Texans are a peaceful, law-abiding people.
In respect to the charge that the Texan rangers
were worthless, it may he true that one or two of
the officers of the-army may have said that some
companies were useless; but if you look to the
reports upon your desks you will find that the
charge cannot be substantiated.
Mr. BAYLY was about to proceed, but
Mr. LEVIN requested him to yield to him.
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot, be interrupted again,
but I am quite willing to yield to the gentleman.
Mr. LEVIN (Mr. Bayly yielding the floor)
said: Mr. Chairman, the honorable gentleman
from Virginia has alluded to the comparatively
few native Americans who have enlisted in the
Army. Sir, that is true. Native Americans en-
list in time of war, when it becomes necessary for
them to fight or die in defence of their native land.
The gentleman has also alluded to " the ignorant
Dutch and Irish," and their inability to manage
or ride a horse. Now, sir, if, after an enlistment
of foot years in the Army, they are so stupid or ig-
norant as to be unable to manage a horse, I ask if
my honorable friend is willing to acknowledge that,
after a mere probation of five , years, he Considers
them competent to rtianage the American ballot-
box', or exereise the glorious privileges that apper-
tain to the rights of American citizenship ?
Mr. BAYLY. I have heard of a great many
qualification! for voting, but I never heard before
in the course of my life that to be able to ride on
horseback was one of them. [Laughter.] If you
make ability to ride on horseback a qualification
for voting, how well must a man be able to ride?
Must he be able to ride well enough to ride in a
steeple-chase?
Mr, LEVIN. I put it to the gentleman's can-
dor whether he is stating the case fairly? My
proposition is this: If, after five years' service,
these men are not able to ride on horseback, how
long ought it to take them to be able to exercise
the right of suffrage?
Mr. BAYLY. They enlist in infantry regi-
ments, which walk and do not ride, and therefore
, their five years' service has nothing to do with the
matter. I think that the gentleman from Texas
has shown entirely too much sensitiveness in rela-
tion to his State. That State is so notorious for
being a harmonious and peaceable, and in every
respe :t so marvelously a proper one, that I am very
much surprised that he should have thought it
necessary to say anything in its defence.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the Senate amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALL offered the following amendment
1 to the amendment:
Provided, That in no case shall any part of the money
hereby appropriated be paid to any a ent of said Indians, or
to any agent of any one or more of said Indians, but it shall
be paid to the Indian or Indians to whom it is due per capita,
and to no other person or persons whatever.
Mr. H. said that he regretted that the mere sug-
gestion that he intended to offer this amendment
had been distateful to the gentlemen from Georgia
and Virginia. When he intimated his intention to
. offer it, he had no knowledge who acted as the
agent or attorney of the Indians, or that anybody
so acted. He had offered it because he found that
it had been the policy of this Government to pass
provisions of this sort in relation to all moneys
due to Indian tribes. It had been done so in 1846,
by the Congress of which both those gentlemen
were members, and no individual who then sup-
ported it was accused of even squinting towards
I Galphinism. He found also, that at the very last
session of Congress, the Committee of Ways and
Means had recommended a provision almost in the
precise words of the provision which he (Mr. H.)
had now offered; but no one was then accused of
Galphinism. All that he desired was, that this
money which was to be appropriated—amounting
to nearly $800,000—should be paid out under the
principles of the treaty of 1846, and of the act of
last session. He asked it not for the purpose of
injuring the agent or attorney of the Indians, nor
for the purpose of protecting the Indians; but he
asked it for the protection of this Government, be-
cause he well knew, that when the money was
j paid to agents, no matter how honest or honora-
j ble those agents might be, the Indians always
; complained that they had been defrauded, and de-
■ manded the repayment of the money by the Gov-
! ernment.
He had not intended in any way to reflect upon
the character of the gentleman who was said to be
the agent of those Indians. He knew nothing of
: him except by report, and that report was favora-
j ble. It had been said by the gentleman from Vir-
i ginia that this proposition was in violation of the
: terms of the treaty of .1846. He (Mr. H.) denied
, that. Thetreatyprovidedthatthismoneyshould be
paid to the Indians per capita, and his amendment
provided that the money should be paid to the In-
i dians, in accordance with the terms of the treaty,
j per capita; but that it should be paid to thelndians
j themselves, and not to any agent. What ground
I was there, then, for saying that it was intended
j to violate the treaty of 1846 ? It was not so in-
| tended, nor would it so operate. It would, on the
| contrary, cause the treaty to be executed accord-
ing to the plain meaning of its terms, and in a
manner that would, doubtless, be satisfactory to
the Indians themselves.
Mr. TOOMBS said that the amendment of the
gentleman related to all the Cherokees, whereas
the western Cherokees had been paid, and this
was intended solely for the eastern Cherokees.
Mr. HALL stated that he had modified his
ameadment so as to obviate that difficulty.
Mr. SCHENCK said: It strikes me that we
are making difficulties out of a matter that is ex-
ceedingly plain. I have before me the treaty made
with the Cherokee Indians in 1846, and looking
