608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19.
academic board, which imposes upon hira, during
the two anaual examinations in January ana
June, much additional labor.
When we take into consideration the fact, that
West Point is one of the most important military
posts of the army, and that the officer, acting as
adjutant at that post, performs all, if not greater
service than the customary duties of an aajut&nt
of dragoons, certainly justice requires that he
should receive at least the pay of that grade.
The Military Academy there established, was
the first institution of the kind in the world. It
was admitted to be so in England and France,
and he desired to see a compensation paid to all
the odicers, professors, and teachers of the Acad-
emy, constituting both the academic and military
staff, which should be, at least, adequate to their
comfortable maintenance and support, and that of
their families. It was a national institution of
which we might justly feel proud, and one deserv-
ing the fostering care of the Government. It had
bees mainly instrumental in forming and estab-
lishing the high character which our army now
sustains before the civilized world, and he desired
to see it chcrished with a wise and liberal policy!
Mr. S. said, he hoped that the amendment
which he had proposed would receive the favora-
ble consideration and action of the committee.
Mr. SWEETSER said he understood that the
amendment proposed to increase the salaries of
officers; on this account he hoped it would not
prevail.
The question now being upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Sawtelle]—
Mr. SAWTELLE demanded tellers.
Mr. HOLMES rose to apeak in favor of the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said it was too late to speak
on the amendment; that a division was now being
taken upon the question.
Mr. HOLMES insisted on his right to address
the committee, and proceeded to speak in favor of
the amendment. He said this increase of pay
had been recommended by men who ought to
know a great many things about this matter which
members of Congress did not know. The adju-
tant at West Point had duties to perform which
required a much higher order of talent than a
rammoa field oflicer. The officers of West Point
were deprived of the Opportunity of acquiring re-
nown on the field of battle. For these and other
reasons he thought the officers at West Point
ought to receive a higher rate of compensation
than those of the same grade in the regular ser-
vice.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
Mr. CHANDLER said he had an amendment
to offer.
Mr. BAYLY said he believed his motion was
in order.
The question wss then taken, and the motion
prevailed.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman report-
ed that the committee had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the Military
Aeademy bill, and had come to no anal resolution
thereon.
Mr. BAYLY moved the usual resolution to
close debate on the Military Academy bill in five
minutes after the House shall have again gone
into committee on said bill.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. McClebnand in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Mili-
tary Academy bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to move an amend-
ment, which I will ask to have read.
The CHAIRMAN asked whether the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] moved
his amendment as an amendment to the amend-
ment or as an additional section to the bill?
Mr. CHANDLER said he wished to offer it as
an additional section.
Mr. HOLMES asked if the question pending
was upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine? (Mr. Sawtelle.]
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative,
and said it would be in order for the gentleman
from Pennsylvania (Mr. Chandler] to offer an
amendment to the amendment if he wished.
Mr. CHANDLER replied he did not wish to
offer it at present unless he could do it as an addi-
tional section.
The question now being upon the amendment
of Mr. Sawtelle—
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Briggs and
Thomas were appointed; and the question being
taken, the tellers reported—ayes 74, noes 47.
Mr. CHANDLER proposed the following
amendment to the bill, viz:
" That hereafter the assistant professor of French and the
assistant professor of drawing in the West Paint Academy
shall receive the pay and emoluments allowed to the other
assistant professors."
Mr. BAYLY rose to a question of order. He
said the amendment provided for changing the ex-
isting law: the bill was not for making laws, or
changing the law, but simply for carrying the ex-
isting laws into effect.
Mr. CHANDLER said his amendment would
not have the effect of changing the law.
The CHAIRMAN. Then it is in order.
Mr. CHANDLER said that, instead of offering
his own views upon the subject, he proposed to
read a communication which he had before him.
He read as follows:
! "Every professor has an assistant professor, who is a
lieutenant in the Army, and (excepting the two above-men-
tioned) who receives by law the pay of captain. The two
above-mentioned, alone, of all the first assistant professors,
receive, as such, no addition whatever to their allow-
ances as lieutenant*.
"The assistants in these two departments are, like all
others, drawn from the officers of the Army by detail; and
they have thus imposed upon them duties as responsible
and laborious, to say the least, as those of any other assist-
ant* ; and indeedjt is doubtful whether, in any department
of instruction, it is more difficult to find officers of adequate
qualifications, who are at the same time willing to go
through with the drudgery of instruction.
" In each professional department, the first assistant pro-
fessor is the one on whom all the responsibility and labor
of the professor devolves, in the absence of the latter from
the sections; while, at the same time, none of his own
labors, as a steady teacher, can be intermitted; for which
reasons, with some others, there is a discrimination between
his allowances and those of the junior assistants, the latter
receiving no allowances beyond those appertaining to their
Army rank. In every branch but French and drawing,
this discrimination has been already equitably made by
iaw; and I see no reason why these assistant professors
should not be as favorably considered as those who teach
mathematics, geography, English grammar, &c.
" I have no doubt that where we can find in the Army
one officer fully competent to teach French and drawing,
who has, with facility in imparting knowledge, a taste for
employments of that nature, we could find many well
qualified to teach in other branches.
" I take leave, therefore, to urge, that in the Military
Academy bill there be also introduced a provision, ' that
' hereafter the assistant professor of French and the assist-
' ant professor of drawing shall receive the pay and emolu-
'ments allowed to other assistant professorsthese being
the words employed in providing for the assistant professor
of chemistry in the act of July 5^ 1838.
" The effect of this provisidffwill be to give to each of
these officers an annual addition to his allowances of $348,
making his whole income 91,183; and there being two
of them, the expenditure on the Academy will be augmented
an annual amount of "
Mr. C. said he had nothing further to say upon
the subject.
Mr. FOWLER, who, on account of the con-
fusion in theHall, was indistinctly heard, spoke in
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler.] He said he
hoped the amendment would not be adopted. He
thought it about as agreeable a position at West
Point for an officer of the Army, as in a frontier
regiment. Officers in the Army ought to be well
paid, but the whole system had grown into a great
abuse. Its tendency was to have a demoralizing
effect upon those officers. It was a great ana
radical wrong. The pay they already received
was more than sufficient for all practical purposes.
He hoped the amendment would not be adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Chand-
ler's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. SACKETT moved an amendment pro
forma, and mjde an inquiry of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bayly,]
which was not distinctly heard.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sackett] will recollect, that at the last ses-
sion of Congress we had a debate about the salaries
of these officers. At that time we fixed upon the
salaries as they are now provided for in this bill.
This bill does not change the law in any respect,
as far as the salaries are concerned. At the last
session a decrease of compensation was made in
the case of one of the professors, and an increase
of salary in the case of others. Our committee
reported it precisely as it was at the last session.
Wedid so, because we took it for granted that the
same body that enacted the provision at one ses-
sion, would desire to retain it at the next.
Mr. SACKETT asked leave to withdraw his
amendment, but objection was made.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sack-
ett's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL moved the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the clause providing
for the salaries of the officers:
Provided, further, That hereafter the President may ap-
point the superintendent of the Academy from any corps of
the Army.
Mr. BAYLY made a point of order against the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said that the point of order
was well made, and he ruled the amendment out
of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. On what ground?
The CHAIRMAN. Because the amendment
is not germane to the bill—to the particular clause
contained in the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL understood the proposition
under consideration was for providing salaries for
all the professors. His proposition was to pro-
vide that the superintendent of the Academy may
be selected from any corps in the Army.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky appeal from the decision?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved to increase
the salary of the professors of engineers, philoso-
phy, mathematics, ethics, and chemistry from
$2,000 to $2,500 per annum, and that of the pro-
fesssrs of drawing and French from $1,500 to
#2,000 per annum.
Mr. K. said, I wish to submit one remark only,
and it is this, that the professors at this Academy
receive less than the professors in other institu-
tions. If a professor anywhere should receive a
high salary, it is at West Point. That Academy
requires the highest degree of talent, and conse-
quently its professors should receive more than
those of any other college in the country.
The question was then taken upon Mr. King's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to increase
the salary of the professor of drawing from $1,500
to $1,700 per annum.
Mr. E. said: Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
only a few words upon this subject. The pay of
the professor of mathematics, natural philosophy,
and chemistry, is fixed at $2,000 per annum. The
professor of ethics is paid $2,000. I do not know
why ethics should be paid for at a higher rate than
drawing. Drawing requires talent—genius, the
other does not.
The professors of ethics, mathematics, and
; chemistry, all publish books, and they sell them
! to the cadets as well as to the country at large; and
instead of $2,000 a year, they will have received
by the addition to their salary from the sales of
books, at least $3,000. They make large profits
upon their works. Some of these works are on
natural philosophy, and other scientific branches,
and display a great deal of talent. Professor Bart-
lett published a treatise on natural philosophy,
which is one of the finest treatises that has ever
been published in this country, and for which he
is entitled to great credit. The professor of draw-
ing has no opportunity of obtaining compensation
in any such way as the other Professors have,
by the publication of books to be sold to the cadets
and the country at large. This gentleman—the
professor of drawing—who possesses the finest ge-
nius in his line in the country, has a large family
to support. The salary which he is now receiv-
ing, is certainly insufficient for a gentleman situated
as he is. He painted the beautiful picture—the
Embarkment of the Pilgrims—which hangs in your
Rotundo. You will observe that it shows genius
of the highest order, and daguerreotypes of this
picture are selected above all others, and copies
of it are frequently taken and sent to different
parts of the country. A more Christian gentle-
man, and a more talented man, I do not know
than Professor Weir. The salary of $1,500 a year,
which he receives, is entirely inadequate to support
himself and family. Some of the other professors,
as I have already remarked, by the publication of
works, receive twice the amount perhaps of their
regular salaries. The professor of ethics, the gen-
