THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31j8t Cwsgrkss, 3b Stsuoj,-.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1851.
New Series....No. 39.
*r
tleman connected with the department in that in-
stitution of ethics and morals, gets a salary of
f3,000. Why should he get a greater salary than
the professor of drawmg > I know of no morals
ought in any of the schools of the tend, that are
not contained in the law books. I consider that
the professor of drawing should receive at least
|2,000. I will not say that he should receive more
than that.
Mr. &AYLY. It is true, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. E^v.vss] says, that some of
these professors make money by writing books.
But they cannot make a great deal by it, because
I believe book-making'is not a very profitable
business. The professor of drawing, while not
engaged iti his duties, paints pictures. He can
lpakfe as-many pictures as fie pleases, and sell as
many aw he can And purchasers for. Among
other things,, he painted'the beautiful picture in
the'R^tunuo/for Which, 1 believe CoflgTess paid ,
KiWI $3,00®.
Mr. EVANSwHshedttv withdraw his'amend-
ment, with'<Jw F« ia«Bj pfi li fi so as to
q^lce tbe swm ja^ttOjNbut ejection being raty^e,
%e wa  not granted. , ,<* <j
. The question was then taken upoptheauiwid-,
ment of Mr. Evaks, and it was decided in the
"C CHANDLER offered thefpllowiug aaiend-.
ment: • ,
Sec. 9. Ji-mA it it further enartei. That in the Board ot'
Visitors to the Military Academy at West Point, New
York, provided for in the ait of Congress approved August
g, 18«, the number of members actually serving in the mili-
ttt nay, at die discretion of the President of the United
States, be limited to two; and that the President of the United
States be authorised to jtttaah to-aoid b^vd, U members
thereof, whenever lie may think that the public Reprice will
be benefited thereby, officers of experience in the Army antfc
Navy of tke United States, in number not to exceed two
from each branch of the service, anything in said act to
the eontrary notwith sanding.
Mr. BAYLY made a point of order against the
amendment that it-went to change the existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amenUneat out of-
odder.
. Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike out a por-
tion of the bill, (not distinctly heard by the Re-
porter.) , • i
Mr. BURT. If the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. J would allow liiru, he desired to
say to tlip cliairmaa of the Committee of Ways
and Means., that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ciiandlkr]
cftntefroat the Committee on Military Affairs, ana
}>£ thought, out of respect to that committee, we
ought to entertain the amendment. He trusted
that tk& poiut of order would be withdrawn, that
the amendment might be considered by the House.
Mr. CHANDLER said, the amendment was of
the wm highest importance.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. Theamendmenthas been
decided to be out of order, and I object to return-
in^teahat paragraph-
CHAIRMAN lias already decided the
amendment to be out pf order.
- Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike out from
the bill the -appropriattioB of $500 for practical in-.
^ruction in held engineering. He made this mo-
tion because the appropriation, ww.utteriy useless.,
Mr. BAYLY- I bee to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshal!,] that 1 appre-
hend- that he.doea not entirely understand the
Objects of the appropriation. The -engineering dfr>
partment recommend, in very earnest terms, that
tbe-cadeta at West Point should receive practical
instructions in engineering and ditching, as their
instructions at, present are only theoretical. They '
desire us to purchase the- requisite tools, timber,
6c., so that the cadets .may receive practical in-
struction in these necessary branches. We should
giro them these necessary tools, so that, in case
ofanotherwar, the ditches will not be put on the
wrong side. It is with a view of giving them
pnctieal instruction on this point—not merelythe-
arfttical—that we should favor this proposition.
Uis for this reason thatl think this provision
would be proper.
39
Mr. MARSHALL. It never was a graduate
qf West Point who put the ditch on the wrong j
side. - |
, The question was then taken upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, froip the Committee on
Military Affairs, moved to add to the bill the fol-
lowing section:
" Be it further enacted,That in the Board of Visitors to
the Military Academy at West Point, New Yorfc, provided
for in the "act of" Congtess approved August 18,1846; the
number of members actually aervinr in the militia may, at
the tteereuon ot'tto President of the United 8tatesk be lim-
ited to two; and that the President of the United States he
authorized to attach to said board, as members thereof,
whenever he may think the public scrvice will be benefited
thereby, officersof experience intke Army and Navy of the
United Stales, ui number not to exceed two front each
branch of the service, anything in said act to the contrary
notwithstanding."
Mr. C. I take occasion to say, when the law ,
was passed instructing the President to select a
certain number of officers from the militia of the '
United States, to report in regard to the schools .
under the charge qf tits Government, the state of
thipga wasi>wiiefc}iing different from what lt is at
preseuti That arm of the national service is no*i,
lidWabtfto-^ippIy So'Many.nien tft'examilie and
r^oi't updVi tlte state of affiiiraajt W*est, .Po'ilit [is it
•was then-i Wirhave also a NavalScboolat Annap-
olis, and it would be an extremely good thing, V
maintain, if the professors in that schodl :\vere
froHi time to time called upon to visit West Point, ,
that they might compare the regulations, instruc-
tions, and studies pursued there one with the
other, and see how far the studies of, one school
would apply to the other. It is a very difficult
matter for the President of the United States, in
selecting the board of annual visitors to West
Point, to find six persons attached to the militia :
of the State to which theybeioqg, competent to
render any essential service to that committee. I
, hope, therefore, (this amendment will pass.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I rise to a point of order
upon the amendment. 1 do not think this amend-
ment can be made to this appropriation bill. The
bill is ngt to make laws for the government of the
President in the selection of a board of visitors; its
object is to pay these men for services rendered in
1 pursuance ef the laws heretofore passed. I think,
therefore, this amendment of the gentleman from1,
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] would not be in
j order as a new paragraph. It is not certainly in I
:i order as a separefte atyl distinct section to this
; bill.
The CHAIRMAN thinks the pointof order to i
i be well taken, and therefore rules the amendment
to be out of order.
Mr. BURT. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and it is with great respect and. deference
that I do this. I merely want to say a word  
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is not.
, debatable.
Mr. BURT. Will the Chair, allow me to make
a single suggestion ? By looking into the rules in
relation; to the appropriation bills, you will find
that there is nothing to prevent such a proposition
as this from being-entertained.
The CHAIRMAN will remind the gentleman
■ front South Carolina, [Mr- Boa*,] that on a former
occasion, when the gentleman himself was- in the
Chair* I offered an amendment as chairman of the
Committee on Foreigu Affairs,, which waa ruled
out of order, for the same reasons which theChair
has now ruled this amendment out of order, be-
cause it contained an appropriation which was not
authorized under the existing laws.
Mr. BURT. Not at all. The cases are very ;
different, in my opinion. The amendment w«s-
then ruled out of order, because it contained en
appropriation which was not authorised under ex- i
istmg laws. The amendment now offered does
not make an appropriation.
The question was then taken upon the appeal,
and the, decision of the Chair sustained.
Mr. CHANDLER offered an amendment, as a ,
separate section to the bill, as follows:
Sec. 2. Beit further enacted, That from and after the !
thirty-fire* day of June: 1851, the pay or allowance for each
qadpt in tile Military Academy shall be twenty-eight dollars
a month; any existing law, or part of a law, to the con
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. C. said: The compensation of the cadets has
been reduced by a recent act to $24 per month.
Their expenses for books, board, washing, and
various other .expenses which are necessary, must
exceed that. sum. It has been the policy of this
Government to introduce into the West Point
Academy the sons of poor parents—to find young
men of genius in the lower ranks of life, as they
are called, and to give them th'e advantages of this
national instruction.
Mr. CARTTER, I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,]
whether the Government has any great difficulty
in procuring cadets? !
Mr. CHANDLER. The Goverombnt, J am
happy to say,-has nothing to do with supplying
cadets for West Point. It is a duty devolved upon
members of Congress. . I will state, for my part,
thatl find ggeat, difficulty in, selecting from the
great number 0f /w#rU^y applicants. I desire to
say further, that the sons of rich parents deposit,
E*sum'necessary t«r m«et ftheir 'annual eTfpecses.
This places the ppo* boy* iuiA very unpleasant
situation. The sm&U sunvwhwitte proposed by
tikis arfieadfnenMo-;lie.added)t> theif will not
enable them- to meet imore-'tlum flecesswy. ex-
panses. . I ask it as ,'a Democratic principle^ jthat-
you should make-this,addition (if $4 to'their pres-
ent pay. •
Mr. McGAUGHEY; I tleuire to say thatl
think m per month is amply sufficient to meet
all the necessary expenses of the boys at that
Academy. I think it is about time to inquire into
the abuses which'exist theare4 There is no neces-
sity for an increase. A hoy call be educated there
or at any other school for $34 per "mouth, and if
j it is a fact that they do spend more, than that,
■ there is an abuse of some fund in the institution
among the boys, which will not add either to their
intelligence or their mortdity. I think it would be
I much more proper, instead of increasing the pay
of these boys for the'purpose of economizing their
. extrayagant expenses, that we should take neces-
sary steps to hunt -into and ascertain what is the
' reason of this unnecessary expenditure of the pub-
lic money. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
j [Mr. Chandler] has spoken of his great trouble
I in making a selection of applicants for this Acad-
emy. Sir, that trouble does not arise from the
want of applicants, but rather from the number of
them. This is a position which is anxiously
sought after in every poHion of thecountry. The
only difficulty is in making the selections out of
the great number of applicants. I do not believe
there is.a Congressional district in the country
where there are not ten applicants to one vacancy
under existing laws. I understand by a gentleman
on my left, that he has received twenty-five appli-
cations this day. Now when we- have so many
applications with the pay we now allow, where is
the necessity or propriety of increasing the com-
pensation, tne effect of which will be to increase
thfe number of youths who are looking to this in-
stitution for their education by hundreds. Now,
I am in favor of encouraging these youths to look
to themselves for their education, and not to the
Government. For* my own part, I am not willing
that my constituents shodB look upon this insti-
tution as a means of their education.
But it is said you must do this for the purpose
of educating the poor. My God! can all the poor
in this country be educated at the Military Acad-.
emy ? Do you want to take all the poor youths
in the country, and turn them into the disreputable,
business of throat-cutting ? At least, does this
proposition come with good grase from the Rep-
resentative of the city of Brotherly Love? I want
i these young men, when they come to this Acad-
emy, to receive a small allowance. I want them
i to learn .economy, as well as science. I do not
j want them to be brought up to luxury and extrav-
, agance, and thus destroy usefulness forall military
purposes. I want to put a stop to this, and let the
I young men of the country look to their own exer-
