1*51.
THE <X)TOft«88IWA*/ >QLtWE.
611
with certain places on the eastern and western |
coasts of Africa, and for other purposes; which j
was read and passed to a second reading. j
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com- ]
merce, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate inquiring into the expediency of purchasing
for the use of the Senate copies of the surveys of
the Bay of San Francisco, reported the following
resolution, which was read:
R£soIrcJ, Thai the Secretary of the Senate b« authorised
nnft directed to pir.-eb;i-e one thousand copies of the rharts
of the Hav of San Francisco and Rdiarenl water?, with the
jBttilmff direction.0, by ComiaanderC. Kinsc'Id. of tile i'nitfi!
States Navy, at a pri"e not exceeding four dollars per set,
one half to be distributed equally amongst the Senators;
tiTip fonrrti with the Secretary of the Navv, fbr the use ofthe
Navy; and the other fourth to be deposited with the Secre-
tary ef I lie Treasury, to be by him disposed of as he shall
direct.
On the motion of Mr. GWIN', the resolution
was considered and agreed to.
BftASCH MINT IW CAtrFOHNTA.
Mr- EWI,?1* G, from the Committee on Finance,
to whicli was referred the bill to establish a branch
.Mint of the Unired States in California, reported
liack the same with an amendment..
Mr. GWIX. I hope that bill will be npw pat
upon its passage. It has jtassed the Senate here-
tofore, and therefore I do not apprehend any.de-
t*te will arise upon it.
Mr. EWING,. I desire that the amendment
-may be read and.that the bill may- be how con-
sidered. *  
Mr. FOOTE. Is it likely to lead to any de-
bate?
.Mr. EWING. I think not.
Mr. FOOTE. If it will I must object, for I
.have very urgent.business to bring before the Sen-
ate. • _
Mr. WALKER. I wish to inquire whether
this is the same bill as was passed by the Senate
a  hort time ago, and if so, I desire to know how
it came here again.
Mr. GWIN. The portion in relation to the
branch at New York has been stricken out.
Mr. WALKER. Then it is not the same bill.
Mr. RUSK. The Senate has been for several j'
days engaged on an important bill of which it is !
desirable to dispose, and with the disposition of
which, I fear, the consideration of this bill will I
interfere. I must therefore object. |
Objection beingmadethebillwasnotconsidered.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. FOOTE. I move the postponement of the
further moftiing business that the Senate may go
into executive session. I have delayed making ,
the motion for several mornings, to avoid interfer-
ing with other matters, but I now assure the Sen-
ate that an executive session is indispensably ne-
cessary. A session of some fifteen .or twenty
minutes will be all that will be necessary, but
there are matters of imperious urgency that re-
quire it. t
Mr. YULEE. I would inquire from the Sena-
tor from Mississippi if there is any urgent neces-
sity to induce the Senate to go into executive ses-
sion at the present moment, and whether it would
not do as well at a later period of the day? J
Mr. FOOTE. I have experimented upon the
flan suggested by the Senator from Florida, and |
have not found it to answer. If it were not an .
urgent matter I would not have made the motion. '
Mr. RUSK. I hope the motion will not be
agreed to, as the Senate can go into executive
session at a later period of the day. We can de-
vote an hour or two to the Post Office bill now,
and afterwards transact executive business as
well as at the present moment. I beg to remind
the Senate, too, that there are but ten working 1
days left to us ofthe session, and I hope they will
be given to the dispatch of business, of which we
have an immense amount before us.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am not aware of the object
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re- ;
lations, but I hope, On his statement that there is
a necessity for it, the Senate will not refuse to go
into executive session for a few minutes. j
The vote was taken, and there appeared to be23
in the affirmative and 14 in the negative. j
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays, and j
they were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I rt'ill state, as a reason for my ,
objection, that if we go into the consideration, of j
executive business we shall necessarily postpone i
action on the cheap postage bill, through,the entice
day.
Mr. BADGER. Not at all.
Mr. CHASE. _ The adoption of this motion, it
appears to me, will be equivalent to a resolution to
put off that bill for another day, at a period of the
session when every dtty is so important.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator from
Ohio could not have heard my explanation. J said
it was impossible that the business could Occupy
more than fifteen or twenty minutes* and yet he
seems to think that it will occupy the whole day.
How he could indulge in such imaginings I am at
a loss to understand. And I am equally at a loss
to understand how he can imagine that nobody is
interested in cheap postage but himself.
Mr. CHASE. "The honorable Senator says the
executive business will not occupy more than fif-
teen or twenty minutes. That is a reason why
the motion should not be adopted; for why should
the morning business? be interrupted and the galle-
ries disturbed, when the executive business can
be quite as well done at the close of the day?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I think the Senator
from Mississippi has lost sight of his usual cour-
tesy oil this occasion. I am utterly confounded
atld astortistied t^iat he shrtuld still persist in his
•motion. - I art Certain that he' c'Anhot fraye looked
at the galleries', or K^'Would not hav^'Hfjnesb'.,.'
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator froin
Iwnra is mistaken. I most "'as/puredly did look at
the galferies, and I regret'that. I am compelled, bv
an imperious duty," to disregard those tender con-
siderations. I hope that will be considered by the
Senator as conclusive proof of the extreme neces-
sity of the case.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. ' I hope the Senate, by
common consent, will agrefe to have an executive
session nt the close of the driy.
Mr. GWIN. T have heard that Course sug1-
ffested before, and I have itlways found it to fail.
I hope the Senate will now go into executive ses-
sion. I have for many days been trying to get an
executive session at the close of the "day, and have
not succeeded. [
Mr. BORLAND. • I think the suggestions of I
the Senator from Iowa, and the Senator worn Ohio,
are of great weight. If fifteen or twenty minutes i
are all that are required by the business alluded to j
j by the Senator from Mississippi, I think that !
they should not be taken at this time, but at the
close of the day's session.
Mr. FOOTE. Can you give any assurance that
there will then be a quorum present ?
Mr. BORLAND. If, however, tTie Senator
j from Mississippi says that a crisis has arrived in
1 our public affairs which requires the immediate at-
tention of the Senate, I will vote for his motion.
But unless the business is of such a nature that
we cannot postpone it until the close of the day, I
shall be opposed to going into executive session
at this time. "
The yeas and nays were then taken, and re- j
suited as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AMliison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bnt- j
ler, Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dick-
inson, Cwirsr, Felch, Foote, Gwin, Mason, Miller, Pearee, j
Phelps, Seward, Smith, Turaey, Underwood, Upham,
Wales, Whiteomb, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Borland, Bradbury, |
Cass, Chase, Davis of Mississippi. Dawson, Dayton, Dodge 1
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Hamlin, 1
Jones, Kin?, Norris, Pratt, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Soule, Bpruance, Sturgeon, and Walker—26.
So the motion was not agreed to. ,
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolution !
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretory of War be direete'd to com-
municate to the Senate a copy of General Order No. ST7,
dated 27th December, 1850, by which Brevet Colonel J.
Plympton, lieutenant colonel of the seventh infantry, was
assigned t<> duty according to his brevet rank, whilst sta-
tioned at Jefferson barracks, and under which he was as-
signed to the command at that post, and that he inform ttje
Senate whether by virtue of said order an officer then in
command of the post at Jefferson barracks of -superior rank
in the Ifne ofthe.armyto Brevet Colonel Plympton, was su-
perseded ; and if so, that he further inform the Senate nnder
what law said order was issued, or if under a rule or regu-
lation of the army, that he communicate the same to the
Senate, together with all. correspondence or other docu- i
ments connected with said order.
Mr, DO WJ^S submitted ths following resolu- !
tion for consideration: *
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans- ;
mit to the rienate a copy of the report of Mr. Slide!), civil j
Engineer On the railroad route surveyed by him in 3850, ;
from Great Beigi, on-Hedtmr* to BrotMteoca, op. ttee Mis-
sissippi river, in Louisiana. - i ,
MUSKETS, RIFLES, AND
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Meroh-ed, That the Secretary of VPar communicate tn the
Senate the number of muskets, riftos, And-pistols now be-
longing to the TTnitecl States, aad also.the estin*aiednum-
bers which the materials now on hand would serve to com-
plete.
RATtROAD TN ' " 1
! Mi-: YULEE- I ask the Seii&te to
bv taking up Senate bill to grant to the^State of
Florida alternate sections of the public faftd for &
railroad between the waterfc of the Atlantic and
Gulf of Mexico. It ha^!t?een reported from the
CommiU^e on'PtibHc Lands, and is exactly'con-
formable to the precedents Wnfch have been estab-
lished by *the Senate irk other similar cases. I am
desirtms that it should reach the House of Repre-
sentatives in time to take its place with otherfbilIs
of the same character; and, as it will lead th no
discussion^ I shall fed obliged if the Senile will
take it uf>. ..... ...
'Mr. RUSK.' I firtpe^f)t,fBr tlietrtfurliks'no^-
ttfrired'fof tHe-ctfnsitferation of''the s^eciaf ordferS
of th£ da^. ' The fil-st special <ird^r has already
been discussed, two days, and it is desirable that
'b^dferWs^d'of -as soon as possible; but
it -wilt'b® lost iPit 19" be kept back by the
discussirin of ttwrning trtisiness. '•
Mr. YULEE. If this biH shoufd" lead to arfy
distals8um, I will consent to its postponement.
The itaotion to take up the bill 'was agreed to,
and it wafr considered as in Committee of the
i Whole.
Mr. WALKER. I more to attend the bill by
' adding the following sections, which are, in fact,
those embodied in the'bill No. 297, which has
beeft reported by the Committee on Public Lands,
to grant to the State which I iri part represent the
right of way and a donation of publip land fof the
i purpose of locating and constrifctin g a road from
Green Bay, in ^Wisconsin, to, St. Paul, ih the
■ Territory of Minnesota:
! Be it enacted, frc., That tta rigjit of way through tbe#ab-
I lie lands be and the same is hereby granted to the Stsfc 6f
Wisconsin, for the construction of a road fitwri Green Bay,
[ in. said State, to the western border of said State, oppo-nte
St. Paul, in the Territory of Minnesota, with the.right
also to take necessary materials of earth, stone, and timber
II from the public lands of the United States adfacerot to <aid
j road for the constructi#! thereof: Provided, That the right
1 pf way shall not exceed one hundred f^et on each side«f
' 1 the length therepf. and a copy of the survey of said road^
'[ made under the direction of the Legislature, shall be for-
warded to the propftr local land offices respectively, and to
' the General Land Office at Washington city, within ninety
days after the completion of the tame. - , .
SEp.—. And be it further enacted, That there; be, an#
is hereby, grantee to the State of Wisconsin, for ilie purp6s£
of aiding in taafcing the road aforesaid,' every alternate pec^-
tiOfi of land designated by even pttmbere, for-one section in
width on each side of said road; but in ,<;«!£& itishali appear
that the United States have, when ce IFrie o* route of said
road is definitely fixed by the autttonty WfbVe^aid^ sold any
part of any section hereby granted, or tfi&t the right of pre-
emption has attached to the same, then it shall be lawful 4ar
any agent or agents, to be appointed, by the G«wtniar of
said State, to select, subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, from the lands of the United States
most contiguotta 60 the tier of-sections a bow specified,-so
much land, in alternate sections or parts of sections, as
shall be equal to such lands as the United States have^old,
or to which the right of preemption has attached as afbre-
said, which lands being equal in qtrantitt to one half of one
section in width on each side of said road, the Stateof Wis-
consin shall have and hold to and for the use aad,purpose
aforesaid: Provided, That the lands to be so located shall
in no case be further than fifteen miles fVom the line of th 
road: Provided, further^ That the lands hereby granto i
shall be applied in the construction of said road, and sltr.il
be disposetd of only as the work progresses, and shall be
applied to no other purpose whatsoever: Jindfrovydc\
further, That any and all lands reserved t6 the United
States by any act of Congreseyfor the purpose of aiding i 1
any object of internal improvement, or in any BUintter for
any purpose whatsoever, be, and the same are/hereby, r<-
served to the United States from the operations of this a^',
except 60 far as it may be found necessary to focate there uio
ofthe said-road through 6uch reserved lands.
Sec. —• Jind be it further enacted, That the stetions and
parts of sections of land which by saeh grant shall resna <1
to the United States within one mile on each side of sn.d
road, shall not be sold for less than' double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the said Jamta*
hereby granted to the said State shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature thereof, for the purposes aforesaid
and no other; and die said road shall be and remain a pub-
lic highway for the use of jtho Government of the United
States, free from toil or other eharge upon the trans|>ortation
of the mail or any public property or troops by or Under
contract with the United States.
See. —. And be it further enacted^ That if Ae said road
shall not be completed within ten yeara^ifte aatd £l&t&ol
Wisconsin shall be bound to pay to the United Stales the
