01U*
TH®' eONOtttfSSIONAI/ GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
According to all human probability, the Got- |
em merit will never pay to Mr. Thompson one
single ceut. What is fiis proposition? I do not
thiuk it is understood by gentlemen here. He
proposes that you shall issue stock for five mil-
lions of dollars, and that himself and his friends,
who are the owners of the line, are to supply one
million of dollars more, making in all six millions
of dollars, to be applied for the building of these
ships. As the money is supplied he gives per-
sonal security for the payment of the interest on
the loan; anil for the ultimate redemption of the
principal he executes a mortgage upon the ships
covering the five millions that are loaned by the
Government, and the one million put in by him-
self. The contract is to last for ten years. He
is to pay the interest on the loan annually; and at
the end of five years he is to pay ten per cent, of .
the amount loaned by the Government, and so
every year until the expiration of the contract;
so that when his contract shall have expired at
the end of the ten years, he will only owe one half
the amount loaned, viz, $3,500,000; and the Gov-
ernmenC will, according to the contract, have a
lien upon the ships, on whiVh were expended not
only the five millions of dollars, but the one mil-
lion which he himself paid in. By the passage of
this bill, thei, we see that ten ships—ten useful
steamships are to be provided, which the Govern-
ment can call into service at any time it desires.
But it has -been said by some, that these ships
will be of no value in time of war, and that they
will not answer the purposes of war vessels. But
how will this be the ease, when it is provided, by
the terms of the contract, that these vessels shall
he built under the superintendence of the officers
of the Navy, bo as to make them fit for war pur-
poses? Do gentlemen who make such statements
believe that the officers of the Navy will not under-
stand how to build these vessels? I say, then,
that these vessels, when built, will be brought into
the service of the Government whenever the Gov-
ernment will need them; and they will be em-
ployed in useful, laudable, and available purposes
when they are not needed by the Government.
There is a line between San Francisco and Shang-
hai, a most important line, and which ought to be
established speedily if at all, or we may lose the
great China and East India trade, that stream I
which enriches all nations through which it flows.
There is great danger of its being secured by '
Great Britain, for that Power has already, with its ;
usual sagacity, provided that there shall be a line I
of steamers put upon the route from Panama to
Shanghai a• soon as practicable. We must ex-
pect, at no very distant day, that there will be
Borne land communication, by railroad or other-
wise, from San Francisco to some point upon the
Mississippi. Private enterprise of the people in
Virginia and Tennessee is rapidly providing a
railroad from the valley of the Mississippi to Nor-
folk, in Virginia.
From Norfolk it is proposd to establish a steam
line to Antwerp, one of the most important points
in Europe. When that is done, you will have a
great chain of trade from China to Antwerp in
Europe. Thus you will bring into this country
the most important trade of the globe, and you
will build up the interests of the country.
Now, sir, I do not understand that rule of con-
stitutional construction which sees unconstitution-
ality in every scheme which builds up certain
localities, ana which do not apply to all local-
ities. I do not understand that rule of consti-
tutional construction which can say any scheme
for building up New York is all right—any scheme
for building up Boston is all right, but as soon as
a scheme undertakes to give anything to Virginia
or Norfolk, it isall wrong. Look, sir, at the river
and harbor bill, passed a few days ago. That
bill appropriated #2,000,000. Virginia has a rep-
resentative population of something like ofie fif-
teenth of the whole representative population of
theeountry. According to that ratio, she would
have been entitled to £150,00#. But did she get j
It? With the most extensive sea-board of any !
State in the Union, she only got some #20,000. I
Our State has more harbors than any State in the
Lnion, and when she was clearly entitled to
onl7 received the pitiful sum of
v>20,000.
The Government now pays $285,000 to the
Collins line from New York to Europe: #258,000
« the line from New York to Bremen; #290,000
frrtm New York to Chagres, nnd #199,000 from
Panama to San Francisco. For these sums, we !
have provided seventeen steamships, which, with j
the four war steamers built by the Government,
make twenty-one steam shins. England has
more than one hundred and sixty war steamers.
We need more to be able to contend with her.
Yet, to build and keep the rerjuisite number at
the expense of the Government, would bankrupt
the Treasury. We ask that these lines shall be
authorized, which will supply ten war steamers,
to be used in war, and which in peace will not 1
take anything from the public Treasury, and we j
are met by the strict-construction river-and-liar- ■
bor specific-tariff land-Squandering men with the |
assumption', that the proposition we present is a 1
most unprecedented and unwarrantable one. 1
My object in rising now was merely to reply to
the gentleman from Maryland. At some future
time, under more favorable circumstances, I may
ask the indulgence of the House while I shall at-
tempt to show the immense benefits to the trade,
commerce, and wealth of the country which will
result from the establishment of these lines. If
would give to the Government a vastly increased
revenue from Customs, which at present would be
an important consideration. It would infuse new
life's blood into-the venerable State of Virginia so
dear to me. It would result in consequences to
all too important and interesting for the hurried
consideration which alone I could give at present.
I beg pardon now for having detained the House
so long.
Mr. MILLER, of Ohio. I regret that I was
not In the House yesterday when this report was
made, and that I did not have the opportunity of
recording my vote, as I should have done, for the
motion to lay the bill on the table. In mv judg-
ment, that was the disposition which should have
been made of it—that was the fate it merited. Sir,
I protest against bringing in this bill at this lat«
period of the session, when we are admonished
almost every hour in the day, by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, that we have
no time to lose if we would pass the necessary ap-
propriation bills. 1 protest against bringing into
this House these important measures, and forcing
action upon them, without investigation or discus-
sion.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, (interrupting.)
I beg to say to my friend from Ohio [Mr. Millf.r]
that I did not attempt to force action upon this
measure. I distinctly stated this at the time when
the report was made, but at the same time, after
what has transpired here in relation to this bill, I
do not pretend to eav what I shnll now do.
Mr. MILLER. I did not refer particularly to
the gentleman from Tennessee, but to those who
voted yesterday against laying the bill on the table,
thereby disclosing their purpose to urge its passage
at this session. But the gentleman from Tennes-
see forewarns us now, that he will not say what
he will do, which, interpreted, means that, he will
endeavor to put the bill upon its passage, and thus
force this measure upon the country. Under this
intimation of the gentleman, I will be compelled
to abandon my purpose when I rose, of merely
protesting against immediate action, and urging
its reference to the Committee of the Whole nr.
the state of the Union, and to present some of the
objections to the bill itself, and to the system of
which it forms a part. I repeat, however, that I
would prefer that the bill should be laid on the
table; and I am only restrained from submitting
that motion by the conviction that it would not
be successful. I prefer it, Vecause we have not a
very strong guarantee that if referred, it will not
he regarded as one of the e-eneral appropriation
bills; it can be so considered with as much pro-
priety as the river and harbor bill, and I could
support it as such'with as much propriety, and no
more.
Now, sir, what are the objections to this bill?
Less than six years ago the system which-' it is
now proposed to extend had its origin. It com-
menced in the year 1845, or perhaps in 1846. Be-
fore that period, among the innumerable schemes
pending before Congress, resulting in the aggrand-
izement of those jobbers and speculators who
hover abrrnt the Capitol, this system had no
plaee. Yet, sir, within the short period inter-
vening it has grown so rapidly that it now annually
requires the enormous sum of #1,122,609.
When first presented, none anticipated that it
would ever reach the point of extravagance at
which we now find it. Those who opposed it at'
its inception, most probably could haw done so
with success had they Ifad the farts ill regard
to it which we now possess. P.u't the original
friends of the system being moderate in their Ifrrst
demands, insisted that large returns would he-
made to the Government in the shape of postage
on letters, they then lodging,as theydid, the power
to engage in this thing at all under the clause giv-
ing to Congress the power to establish post offices
and post roads.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. T'ororn] has
not, however, claimed the power under this clause.
I concur with him in this opinion. Congress has
the power to establish post offices and post roads
within the United States, but they liave no power
to carry the mail beyond its limits. Yon have no
more power to carry the letters of your citizens
without the United States than you have to carry
their ffour or their tobacco. But,'disclaiming as
the friends of this bill do, any purpose of resting
upon this clause for their'constitutional power, it
will be unnecessary for me to pursue the argu-
ment. Where, then, is the power to be found?
The gentleman from Virginia tells us that Con-
gress may provide and maintain a Navy, and that
he appeals with confidence to that power for his
authority to pass this bill. Sir, I apprehend that
he will find it very difficult to show a substantial
distinction between his lines of steamers and the
lines heretofore established, and which were es-
tablished for the^ purpose of transporting the mail,
and which are now seeking to sever all communi-
cation with the Navy Department. And again,
sir, I apprehend that he would find a great deal of
difficulty in showing that tne establishment of a
line of steamers, to be held and used by an indi-
vidual or by a company for his or their benefit,
would be providing and maintaining a Navy for the
United States.- I am not disposed, however, to
make any issue here with my friend from Vir-
ginia, inasmuch as other fatal objections may be
urged, the force of which I cannot perceive how
he can well deny. It has always afforded me
pleasure to cooperate with him, especially in his
efforts to arrest the extravagant and wasteful ex-
penditure of the public money. We have held it
to be our duty to observe the strictest economy in
our appropriations, with a view to the reduction
and speed y payment of the public debt. We con-
- cur as to the consequences of an increase of
our national debt. I now beg leave to inquire how
any increase of the expenses for the Navy can be
justified? Are they not already sufficiently ex-
travagant ? We are every year appropriating more-
than eleven millions of dollars to maintain the
Navy, in a time of profound peace and a heavy
Eublic debt resting upon us. This extravagance
as arrested the attention of the country, and re-
trenchment will soon be demanded in a voice not
to be disregarded. Instead, however, of the re-
duction which ought to be made, this bill contem-
plates a large increase of-the expenditures for that
Department. This cannot be justified.
And, now, sir, let me ask how our friends who
opposed, a few days since, the internal improve-
ment bill, can consistently support this measure?
The friends of this bill have not, in my judgments
the advantage of the friends of the internal im-
provement bill, so far as it relates to the constitu-
tional power, which has been questioned and denied
in both cases. We denounced the extravagance
of the internal improvement bill. 1 have shown
the extravagance of this. We denounced the first,
because it appropriated the money of the whole
country for the benefit of the people of certain sec-
tions alone; this takes the money of the who'e
people, and disposes of it for the exclusive benefit
of a still smaller number. Against the first it was
charged, that it was calculated to invite combina-
tions of the sections to be favored with appropria-
tions until they became sufficiently strong to pass
the bill; that without this combination a bill could
not pass, and that with it, appropriations for local
and improper objects were made. How is itwitlt
this bill? Does it not provide for separate and in-
dependent lines? Does it not seek the credit of
the Government to aid in the establishment of one
line of steamers from Norfolk to Antwerp; another
from Philadelphia to Antwerp? And oughtthis not
to be sufficient for one bill at least? But it does
not stop here—it goes to our western coast, and
proposes a new line from San Francisco to China,
