'.IUHm
wm QQWWMmmM4 ,GkQw
ond thus., by this union, becomes obnoxious to n
the same charge. May 1 not then, sir, with pro- j!
priety appeal to the,opponents of the interna) im-
provement bill for aid to defeat this bill, and can
they consistently withhold it?
Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting.) Will thegen-
tleman allow me to make, one suggestion ?
Mr., MILLER. I will yield with pleasure to
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. It seems to me that this dis- :
cussion of the merits of the bill is very unseason-
able. The House, on yesterday, by a very de- 1
cided vote, refused to lay the bill upon the table. I
The question noy is simply upon the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee, who reported this
bill, to refer it to the Committee of the Whole
House. This is the only question pending, and
the gentleman from Ohio can surely have no ob-
jection to this reference. I would suggest, there-
fore, that as we have heard one speech in favor of
the bill, and two against it, that the gentleman :
from.Ohio [Mr. Miller] demand.the previous .
■ question, and allow the bill to go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole,on the state of the Union. ,
, Mr'-, MILLER. ,1 repeatrI did pot intend to
make any remarks upon this bill, and should not
have.done so if the gentleman who introduced the
bill [Mr. Stanton] had not intimated that he' in-
tended to force action upon the bill the present
session. Acquiescing in the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, I now move the previous i
question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, hoped the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Mjll&r] would withdraw
his demand for the previous question* and give him
an opportunity to reply.
Mr. PHELPS (addressing Mr. Stanton) said i
the gentleman could speak upon the bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. MILLER refused to Withdraw his demand
for the previous question.
Mr. STANTON then withdrew his motion to
commit the bill.
A Voice. You cannot withdraw it. , _ .
^Fhe SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Tennessee had the right to withdraw his motion,
if he wished.
Mr. STANTON then withdrew it, and moved
to put the bill upon.its passage.
. , Mr. McMULLEN objected to the withdrawal
of the motion to commit.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Tennessee had the right to withdraw his motion.
Mr. MILLER withdrew his demand for the
Previous question, and moved to refer the bill to
tiie Committee of the Whole on the state pf the N
tfnion. Upon that motion he Remanded the pre- j
vious question. I
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked the gentle- :
man from Ohio [Mr. Miller] to withdraw his '
demand for the previous question. i
Mr. MILLER inquired whether the gentleman I]
from Georgia wished him to withdraw for the pur- !
pose of discussion ? ,
Mr. STEPHENS replied in the affirmative.
Mr. MILLER said, if he withdraw it, it must
be in favor of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. '
Stanton.] j.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules he suspend- |
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. i
Mr. MEA£)E demanded tellers, but they were |
ttOt ordered.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken on seconding the j
demand for the previous question, and it was sec- !
onded—ayes 74, noes 60.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SCHENCK said, it would be recollected
that the minority of the committee reported a bill, !
not only entirely different in its character from the
one then under consideration, but one which was
proposed as a substitute to it.
The SPEAKER said that the bill reported by
the minority of the committee would be c<Tmpre-
hended in the motion to refer to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether it Would be
included in the motion to print ? |
The SPEAKER said that the bin with all the re- ,
ports were included.
The question now being on the motion to refer
and to print,
Mr.'STANTON,.of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and carried in the
affirmative—yeas 156, nays 31—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertsoji, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Anderson, Averett, Bayly, Bingham, Bokee, Bovvlin, Boyd,
Brings, Albert G. Brown, Biwl,'Borrows, Burt, Bnfler, Jo-
seph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Cartter, Clarke, Cleveland, Clingman, William-
sou, R. W. Cobb, Colcnck, Cole, Conger, Crowell, Daniel,
Banner, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, Dunham, Dur-
kee, Edmundeon, Eliot,Nathan Evans, Ewing,Featberston
Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gentry, Giddinss, Gilmore, Goode-
now, German, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Hamilton, Har-
alson, Harlan, Isliara G. Harris, Hampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoag-
land, Howard, Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William
T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerf, George
G. King, Jaines G- King, John A. Kin#, Leffler, Levin,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason,
Matteson,'McClernand, McDonald, McGaugbey,MeLan-
ahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meaeham, Meade,
John ,K. Miller, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Orr,
Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Phcsnix, Pit-
man, Potter, Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson, Rusjey, Rob-
bins, 'Robinson, Rockwell, ft (Kit, Roste, Ross, Rumsey,
Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Sehermerhohi; Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Spranne, Starty, Tlraddeus
Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Hweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Tluinnan, Toombs^Tuck,
Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waltlen, Waldo, Wallace,
Watkins, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, and
Young—156.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Beale, Boeock, Breck^ E.
Carrington Cabell, Chandler, Corwin, Doty, Freedlev, Gil-
bert, Hartimond, Hampton, Hay, Holladay, Houston, Howe,
La Sire, McDowell, Millson, Morse, Morton, Newell,
Penn, Powell, Beed, Seddoa, Frederick 5- Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, White, Williams, and Wright—31.
So the bill and reports were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
apd ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to Jay that motion on the table.
Mr. ASHMUN asked if the morning hour had
yet expired?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. MEADE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; but they were not ordered.
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers on the motion,
but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative; and the bills and reports of the major-
ity and minority were referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into Committeee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHMUN said he hoped not, but that the
House would proceed to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table. He asked for
tellers on the motion, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas and nays. He
wanted to see who would vote to obstruct the ap-
priation bills.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, it was carried in the affirmative
—yeas 147  nays 38—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Ander-
son, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bingham, Bocock, Bokee,
BoWlin, Boyd, Breck, Bribes, Albert G. Brown, William
J. Brown, Burrows, Burt, E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph
Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Camp
bell, Cartter, Cleveland, Clingman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Daniel, Danner,
Deberry, Dickey, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing,
FeatherWon. Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Giddines, Gilmore, Gor-
man, Gott, Gould, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Hammond,
Hampton, Haralson. Harlan, Isliam G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, T. L. Harris, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hib-
bard, Hilliard. Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Howe, Hun-
ter, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson. Jones, Julian, La Sire, Leffler, Littlefield, H.
Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClemand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McGanzhey, McKissock, McMullen, ;
McQueen, McWillie, Meachnm, Meade, John K. Miller,
Millson, Morris, Morrison, Morse, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Olds, Orr, Otis. Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Penn, Phelp«, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Root, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sackett, Saw-
telle, Schenck, (Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,Toombs, Van
Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Well-
bom, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wil-
mot, and Young—147.
. NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Andrews, Ashmun, Buel, Cal-
vin, Clarke, Crowell, Dixon, Doty, Duncan. Eliot, Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Grtodenow, Grinnell, Hay, Houston, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Levin,
Matte«on, Moore, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Rockwell,
Schoolcraft, SpauWing, Stanlv, Frederick P. Stanton, R.
II. Stanton, Thurman, Tuck, Uuderhill, White, and
Wright—38.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the. Whole on state of the Union,
(Mr. Richardson in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose yesterday, the Military Academy bill
was under consideration, and the question pend-
ing was on the amendment moved by Mr. Chand-
ler, to add to the bill a section providing that after
the 30th of June, 1851, the pay and allowance of
each cadet of the Military Academy shall be $28
per month, any existing Jaw or part of law to the
contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. ME ADE asked if debate had been stopped
upon the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it had.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Chandler, and it was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the bill be mid aside,
and be reported to the House, and that the com-
mittee take up the bill making appropriations for
revolutionary and other pensions,
Mr. STANLY said he wished to offer an amend-
ment to the Military Academy bill, not for the
purpose of detaining the committee now to con-
sider it, but for the purpose of bringing the sub-
ject to which it refers to the consideration of the
next Congress. I only desire to have the sug-
gestion of an experienced judge, considered by
the Committee on Military Affairs at the next
I ask that the amendment may be read, and if it is
now out of order I will not object to its being so
decided, I will ask that an article from the Intelli-
gencer, referring to this matter, may be inserted as.
my speech in the Congressional Globe.
The following is the amendment:
Sec.— be. it enacted. That to promote the efficiency
of the military arm of the service, the President is authorized
to assemble three field officers of artillery, and two companies
from each of the four regiments of artillery, exclusive of the
companies now serving as field artillery at Fort Monroe,
Virginia, or some other suitable fort, for the purpose of es-
tablishing an artillery school of practice: Proinded, That
whenever the companies composing the school shall have
received instruction for the period of two years, they shall
then be removed, and their places supplied by other two
companies from each of the four regiments to which they
respectively belong."
The following is the article from the Intelligen-
cer referred to by Mr. Stanly :
TO THE EDITORS.
Washington, January 30,1851.
Gentlemen : I enclose you an extract of a letter from a
highly intelligent gentleman, upon the subject of establish-
ing an "Artillery School of Practice."
In the hope of calling the attention of Congress to so im-
portant a matter, I request the favor of you to publish this
extract in your useful and widely circulating paper.
Yours, &.o. A Subscriber.
Extract enclosed in the above.
* • * My thoughts have been directed more exclu-
sively to army matters, and the more they dwell upon the
subject of an "Artillery School of Practice" the more im-
portant that subject seems to become. Now, while Con-
gress seems disposed to legislate for the army, this measure
is so much in accordance with the rest that it ought not to
be neglected; and every measure for promoting the effi-
ciency of the service ought to be adopted at this time, if for
no other reason than to counterbalance the relaxation and
overestimate of our military power, which must necessarily
tbllow our extraordinary successes in Mexico. Add to this
that a republic with so small an army as ours caa never be
too well prepared for war; apd indeed it may be well con-
ceived that the present peaceful state of Christendom is as
much due to the development of the destructive capacities
of artillery as to any other cause.
Our school at West Point is simply one of theory, not
time enough being allowed for practice. The profession of
the artillerist is eminently a practical one, embracipg many
elements that can be learned only hy practice. The consid-
erable Powers of Europe, have their " artillery schools of
practice," while we have none. Our artillery «*p« have
been serving as infantry regiments for fully fifteen years,
alone excepting the few companies of light artillery. The
law for creating tour artiuerij regiments is not complied with
when these four regiment* are kept serving as infantry.
Though artillery ojiceri may have a general theoretical
knowledge of their profession, the men have neither theory
nor practice. The greater number of militia troopsin time
of war, the more perfect should our knowledge of artillery
be.
The measure proposed for supplying thewdeficiency in a
practical knowledge of their profession on the part of the
officers and men of the artillery regiments is simple, easy
of execution, and attended with but litiJe additional ex-
pense, if any. It is to establish an " Artillery School of
Practice," say at Fort Monroe, Virginia, to consist of two
companies from each of the four artillery regiments—in all
eight companies. These companies to be instructed in
their profession two yean, and then seat out to serve either
as artillery or infantry, as the exigencies of the service may
require—their place at the school to be filled with eight
other companies, and so on. In the course of eight years
all the four artillery regiments win thus have received in-
struction ; and *t the same time will have performed as
much actual service aa they perform now; and w  should
