mi
im^OON(iSESSK)?«rALr GLOBE.
617
great eflfeiency, artd the experience of tfte'Oepart-
ment is that he is one of the best and ablcM officers
that the Department has ever had in its service.
1 allude to Governor Hamsfcy. When that office
ii discontinued, then the whole increase m this par-
ticular section of the tft-ganization will amount
only to the sum of $500, while to justify it I state
that the character of the service to "be performed is
rendered farmoi-e difficult, important, and respon-
sible than that performed by the Same class officer
under the existing system, and whilst the grade of
service is elevated m its dutiei and its rfcrik both
legally and intellectually to the highest degree.
The second section.is as follows:
•$nd be it further rnaettii, That hereafter all Initial] tfrea-
#e* shall M negotiated by such officers and agent* of the
• Indian Department as the Pmidmt of «k« United Statos
may designate for thai jrarp<Me,wwi at* officer or afoul so '
employed shall receive any additional comjwnsation for
such service.
Mr. SIBLEY (interposing) here 'askfed a ques-
tion in reference to the salary Of the'Governor of
Minnesota, understood to be a desire to know
how the deficiency in the salary of the Governor
wasjiroposed to be supplied.
jVu. JOHNSON. I will s&te that Governor
ftamsey has d connection ex offiHn with the Indian
Depart lrient—as have' (ill the Governors of our
Territories under existing laws—and he receives
$1,000 salary over and above his salary as Gov-
ernor, for the service* which he thus renders as ex
ifficio superintendent of Indian affairs. In conse-
quence of the extraordinary efficiency and value
of the Services of this particalar gentleman, it is
proposed in this reorganization not to strike him
out, Until such time as in the discretion of the
.Executive it may be deemed unnecessary to retain
liim any longer, and the section then authorizes
the Executive to dispense with his services. As |
to the question how to supply the deficiency that I
will be thus created in the salary of the Governor,
it is something with which the Committee and
Bureau of Indian Affair^ have nothing to do. It
is. presumable tlaat the Salary of the Governor is
■sufficient. If it is not so, theji it is,a matter for
Congress and other departments to Consider. ' 1
Jilr. SIBLEY here interposed a remark that1
#as quite inaudible. 
. Mr- JOltNSON.' TKe.snlwy, of the. Governor
of Minnesota has nothing; to do with tndian af-
fairs, and we can do nothing in relation to it in
this bill. . ,
The second .section of. the amendment—and I
call the attention of the committee to it, as it is,
perhaps, the most important section of this reor-
ganization—provides, that henceforth, where
' treaties are to be made with the various, tribes, of
* Indians in our western countfy, those treaties
'shall be conducted by the regular officers of the
'Indian Department of this Government." In
other words, that the Executive shall have discre-
tion to seleat from the whole corps of the Indian j
Department, from its superintendents in the Terri-
tories and its agents anions the various tribes,
such of their number as lie shall tfiiuk proper and
necessary, for the purpose of making such treaties
with the Indians as may be thought advisable by
the Government; and that the persons so detailed
by the Executive shafl receive no extra compensa-
tion whatever*
This has been admitted by fill who have consid-
ered the subject, to be the greatestreform that could
possibly be made in the whole of our Indian rela-
tions. Some few of the reasons I will point out
to the committee; but I cannot attempt, in the lim-
ited time allowed me, to enlarge upon them at all. 1
It.is a well-known fact that the treaties which we
make with the Indians have been of a most com-
plex and difficult character. Their tribes are in ,
many respects regarded and treated as sovereign-
ties, and as foreigners to our Government, whilst, '
in fact,-we hold them as subjects; and that they 1
should be treated, in our relations with them, with
a due respect to the laws of justice and equity,
/juid it has ever been the pride of the American
Government to attempt it,) it will be acknowledged
by all is an exceedingly difficult matter. ,
Now, sir, the treaties which have been hereto-
fore max)e with the Indian tribes, purchasing their
territory, have been of a character that have pro-
duced the greatest confusion and the greatest loss
to this Government. The debates which take
place here at every session of Congress prove the
truth of what I assert. The reason, to a very i
great extent, why this has been the'case, is, that
the parties who have been selected by the Execu-
tive to make these treaties have, as a general ride,
been mere political friends, selected with a view
i 'to render them a favor rather than with a view to
i the efficiency of the service. They have been in
1 many cases mere broken-down political hacks—
-men unacquainted-with Indian wants and Indian
j manners, and ignorant of the policy Of the Govern-
j ment. The consequence ha? been that their trea-
ties have been of most confounding, disorderly,
unconnected, unreasonable, and inconsistent pro- 1
visions; in the construction of which the Govern-
ment has suffered to the extent of millions.
It may be supposed by some,that because these
treaties are only made with Indians, therefore an
inferior order of mmd and an inferior degree of
intelligence only is necessary to what would be
required in framing a treaty with a foreign Power.
; So gross an error I would not combat: in serious
argument. If we look to the Department of State,
that governs and directs in regard to our treaties
with foreign Powers, and if we look to the sys-
tem of all foreign Governments, we shall find that
they have deemed it necessary to take the very
first talent of the country, and to educate a diplo-*
matie corps for the purpose of making treaties to
protect the rights of Government , ana of defining
clearly those rights when agreed npon. Is there
■not an equal degree of mental acumen and clear-
1 tteBB necessary in regard to Indian treaties that
there is with regard to those that we may form with '
■ France^ England, or «ny other Power? j
It has been the custom heretofore to appoint
commissioners to make treats with Indian tribes
from among the political fHends of the Executive,
1 Without reference to their qualifications; and the
consequence to, that we find ourselves called upon .
te make tremendous appropriations, simply from I
' the fact that the treaties made were of that inex-
tricable, indefinite, double-meaning, and confused
charaeterthat it is impossible to come to any wetl-
witablwhed conclusion under them, and wie are !
' glad to cut short the cC/ntroversyby saying that
| we will pay'certain amounts, without reference to
justice or equity, and stain our statutes with pro- 1
visions that the payment shall be as receipt in fall, j
! whether other rights are found' to exist or not. ■
I Sir, the reorganization of"ths Indian Bureau, as j
j proposed by that section, consists in this: that the
| Executive shall have the power to appoint from
1 the whole corps of the Indian service, just such 1
i men as hare the greatest experience and adequate
ability to treat with the Indians; and thus is
driven to the Irfdian service for the diplomatic
agents he majy select, whilst the persons so de-
tached shall receive no extra compensation. In
order fllat tlterfe may exist in that corps- a class of
men of the Mr^ftest order of talent, morality, and
pure character, so as to make the plan efficient, i
the salaries are raised $500 a year, so that when
thp plan, is completed, as there will be then Only
tlt'refe superintendents, the amount of salaries paid
.will be only increased $500, and until completed,
, (4s long as the services of Governor Ramsey are
retained,) only $1,500 a; year, whilst at the same
time they will take the place of commissioners,
who now annually draw from the Treasury large
"sums of money for individual Services, to say
nothing of incidental expenses and the injury
which the Government sustains in consequence of ;
the ignorance of our Indian policy, and of the
maimers and habits of the Indians with whom
they treat. It will be seen that the difference in
expense is nothing, while the advantages held out :
are of a most palpable and inviting character.
Tliere are gentlemen here who have heretofore
clamored loudly against Executive patronage; but
"the Indian Bureau and the Secretary of the In-
terior now recommend this policy, which abridges j
and cuts off a very large amount of Executive ;
patronage. I may Say further in regard to this
Section, that I confidentlj believe,-after thA fullest
investigation of the subject, that if this system is
adopted, it will tfause a saving of $5,000,000 within
the next ten or twelve years.
There is one point to which I wish to call the
attention of the committee. It it this. It will be
recollected that at the last session of Congress, by
the.Executive recommendation and at the instance
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, the sum Of
$30,000 was a ppropriated fbr the purpose of consti-
tuting a boara of commissioners under the Indian
Department to make treaties with, and collectstatis-
tics in relation to the Indians on our Mexican fron-
' tier. It was organized and (tei^jalelMsd in connection
| with the boundary commission. That b<tard, for
which j|30,000 was appropriated, is nowat San An-
tonio, in Texas, and it has not been beyond that
point, as I am informed; and as rumor states, have
sent back estimates for$60,000more. 1 understand
they have as yet done nothing, and the estimate?
of the entire concem seem, from what I can learn,
to be of a ihost extravagant and extraordinary
character. The expedition seenm to be conducted
more as a triumphal tour through the country
than for any practical and useful puposes, and the
estimates I Delieve include everything from cham-
pagne to sardines. [Laughter.] Now the Indian
bureau does not desire to have any connection
with anything of that kind. I am informed that
when the estimates were presented to the Secreta-
ry of the Interior, and he had looked through
them in profound silenee, he solemnly drew his
pen across them. He would not countenance any-
thing of that sort.
Sir, we propose by this section of the amend-
ment to get rid of everything of the splendor
of our future expeditions, to save the sums that
may be wastefufly expended, and to institute a
hardy, frugal, and efficient arm of the public ser-
vice. .
Mr. HALL (interposing) asked if this amend-
ment had the sanction of the Committee on Indian
Affairs ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It has received the consider-
ation of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and they
approve of it without a dissenting voice. If this
section is adopted we shall not only dispense with
the necessity for any additional expenditure to
support this expedition, but will be enabled to dis-
pense with the Indian branch of the expedition it-
self; as the Department can then secure all the
objects expected to be attained by the commission,
through their own agents under this reorganiza-
tion, and without any additional compensation to
their officers, or any unusual appropriation of
money. There is, sir, every reason to hope, and
the strongest grounds to believe, that this rcorgan-
[ ization will he a measure of the greatest utility to
I the Government. The third section is as fol-
| lows;
| Jlnd be it further enacted, That hi Iiqu of the twenty-
I three agents and sul>-agents, heretofore employed fbr the
| Indiana east of the Rocky Mountains and north of New
, Mexico and Texas, the President be, and he is hereby au*
, thoriaed, by aafl with the advice and consent of the Striate*
I to appoint eleven Indian agents, who shall each receive au
annual salary of .<*1,500, and also six other ageuts with an
annual salary each ofjf1,000, whose appointments shall take
effr-ct from and after the 39th day of June nw; and the said
agents "hall execute and perform all the powers and duties
now assigned hy law to Indian agents.
By that section there will bean actual saving m
outlay in the amount of salaries amounting to
, about $3,000. Also, from the decrease of the feet
' there will be a saving under the head of contingent
! expenses, amounting also, at a low estimate, to
' $3,000. This section also offers inducements to a
class of men to go west and live in these regions
' of country, whose character, intellect, and integ-
rity shall be sufficient to authorize Government to
intrust them with the higher grade of service
which this system of reorganization will necesaar
rily impose upon them. It is also expected that
| in oases when two or more sub-agents are sta-
tioned with contiguous tribes, at a salary of $750,
one or the other will be dispensed with, and one
full agent appointed with a salary of $1,000. Now,
almost every tribe lias an agent at a salary of $750,
and' this House will readily recognize that men of
any very htgh order of nund and intelligence can-
not uniformly be commanded for that pittance,
who will be willing abandon the interests and
associations of civilized life and voluntarily accept
a life with the savage.
This section accomplishes, or at least contem-
plates, a more efficient reorganization of the Indian
bureau and service. It decreases the expenses of
the service about $6,000remotely, $4,500 immedi-
ately, and at the same time it secures the services
of a superior class of men. It will enable you
to obtain men who will be fitted to conduct your
treaties with the Indians hereafter, so as both to
protect the interests of Government and the Ter-
ritories* and the interests of the Indians. These
considerations appear to me amply sufficient, and
I shall'pass to the next section, unless inquiries
are put to me for further information.
Mr. J. then read the fourth section, as fiillow.i:
„9nd he it further rn<!> t --1, That the 1,. ;ul.
