1851.
THE GONCmESaON&Iy OILOHEi
G19
bv this House, that tke Bureau on Indian Affairs
should ask for this increase of four clerks, -when
there is not a section of the Government here that
lifts not Asked for a much larger increase ill its
clerical force. The only matter of surprise can
reasonably be that they have not asked in this ease
for a much larger increase, in view of the fact
that the Department has extended-its jurisdic-
tion over a hundred and fifty to three hundred new
tribes, with whom treaties have been, or are to be
made, and much trouble to ensue.
Air. TAYLOR. 1 should like to ask the gen-
tleman, what is the actual number of Indiana
within the limits of Jhe United States
Mr. JOHNSON. I should be very glad to an-
swer that question, but there are no data in the
possession of Government by which to determine
the actual number of Indians, to enable then to
give-anv very definite information.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 should like to know the ex-
act number of tribes with whom treaties have been
made r
Mr. JOHNSON. My attention baa not been
called to that point hitherto; neither is it possible
m yet to ascertain the exact number of Indian
tribes. With very few of the Indian tribes that
have been recently acquired, have treaties been
made.
Mr. CARTTER. How many treaties has the
chief clerk of the Indian Bureau made? I under-
stand the gentleman to say that he had made trea-
ties.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I said so it must have been
a lapsus linguet, as I certainly did not intend to
make such a statement. But I did design to say,
that all the duties that pertain to the office of Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs are, during his ab-
sence, or during a vacancy, or during the first
month or year of any new office of that Bureau,
discharged by the chief clerk. And it may be that
that statement has caused the impression the gen-
tleman appears to entertain. All the instructions,
for these treaties originate in Washington with the
Indian Bureau.
Mr. MILLER inquired the amount of labor per-
formed by the clerks in the Indian Bureau ?
Mr. JOHNSON replied that it was an equal
amount, both of labor and time, with that per-
formed by the clerks in any other Department;
atid his observation had led him to know that the
labor in that office was in the habit of being kept
up after office hours, until those matters before
them, which might be of any peculiar importance,
had been concluded.
[Here the hour of Mr. Johnson having ex-
pired]—
Mr. SIBLEY said he had Kstqped with atten-
tion to the reading of the amendment, which con-
templated a reorganization of the Indian Depart-
ment; and without expressing an opinion as to
the necessity of an increase in the clerical force of
the office here, of which he could know nothing,
the proposed changes met his entire concurrence.
After the lu<-id and powerful exposition by the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, of
the importanco of-remodeling the system upon.,
which an intercourse with the Indian tribes is
based; he (Mr. S.) should not think it proper
for him to consume the time of the House at this
late period of the session, but that he had been re-
quested, by some of the members present, to give
his views upon the subject, connected as it is also
with the immediate interests of many of his own
constituents. It was a fact that the magnitude of
the public business confided to the Indian Office
had not been sufficiently appreciated by Congress, 1
or by the country at large. Important as had
formerly been these operations, they had become
vastly more so since the territorial acquisitions of
Oregon, California, and New Mexico, which had
brought within our jurisdiction a large number of
savage tribes, and, as a necessary consequence,
an accumulated amount of perplexity ana labor
in their management. The appropriation bills
would show that the expenditures of this branch
of the public service are constantly increasing;
and with this increase is involved a corresponding
weight of responsibility upon those who are in-
trusted with the disbursement of these large sums
of money. He was pleased to perceive, that the
amendment provided for the substitution of full j
agents for sub-agents, with an augmentation of
salary. The small pay heretofore allowed to this !
class of officers had been entirely insufficient for j
the decent Bupport ofthemselvesand families, while
there were devolved upon them all the duties and
responsibility of a full agent. The amendment
should, in his judgment, contain a provision for a
still larger increase in the salary of interpreters, so ;
as to place them on an equality, in that respect,
with sub-agents under the existing system. The
post of interpreter being a most delicate and im-
portant one, should be filled by men of character
and intelligence, receiving an adequate remunera-
tion for their services, instead of the miserable
pittance now doled out to such officers. The sole
communication between the Government and the
Indians must necessarily be through the medium
of interpreters, and upon tlie proper discharge of
their duty will often depend the continuance of
peace on "the frontier. It was incumbent tipon the
Government, therefore, to select men who, by
education and other accomplishments, were fitted
for that station. Much of the bad feeling engen-
dered, in connection with treaties, in the minds of
the Indians, resulted from the employment of in-
terpreters not qualified to perform their duties un*
derstandingly.
Mr. JOHNSON (Mr. Sib lit yielding)- desired
the gentleman from Minnesota to give him the
floor for a moment. He merely wished to say
that he had no idea that his time had so nearly
elapsed when the hammer fell, and had in conse-
quence not said all he intended. He would add,
that by the reorganization of this bureau, whilst
the expenses are not increased, the amount of the
Government patronage is decreased, so that the
number of officers, the amount of Executive pa-
tronage, and the contingent expenses, were all cur-
tailed, whilst real and substantial benefits were
offered. The proposal, therefore, embodied not
merely a reorganization of the Indian Bureau, but
a most economical reform. He (Mr. J.) hoped
that it would commend itself in every way to the
support of the committee.
Mr. SIBLEY (in continuation) said that the
section providing for the appointment of commis-
sioners to negotiate treaties with the Indian tribes
hereafter, from the officers or agents of the Indian
Department alone, was a wise one and free from
objection. It had too often been the case, that
men had been sent out to make treaties with the
western tribes who knew little about the Indians,
and cared less. The object of such persons was
to procure, by any means, the signature of the
chiefs to a paper; and then to claim much credit
for having deceived and betrayed the poor sava-
ges, taking very good care meanwhile to pocket
the pay and emoluments of the office. These
things done, no farther solicitude was felt by
them as to whether their verbal promises and the
stipulations of the treaty were complied with or
not. He (Mr. S.) had had the honor of bringing
this very subject to the notice of the House at the
last session, and of asserting, from his own knowl-
edge of facts, the impropriety and cruelty of se-
lecting men such as he had described, to fill posi-
tions of so much importance and responsibility.
He approved ®f the plan now proposed, for the
Indians could expect more justice and fair dealing
from those who are stationed among them as Gov-
ernment agents, than from utter stranger* who
felt no sympathy in their behalf. He had heard
with much interest the account given by the.gen-
tleman from Arkansas, of the proceedings of the
commissioners who had been dispatched to treat
with the Indians of New Mexico. It appeared
that they had, after an absence of some months,
progressed as far as San Antonio, in the State of
Texas, and from that point had sent back to the
Department here for a large supply of champagne,
sardines, and other good things. The people of
Minnesota felt some anxiety to receive a good re-
port of those commissioners, inasmuch as one of
them, from being a citizen of Kentucky, had by
some marvelous transformation, become a bona
fide old settler of Minnesota, after a residence of
not quite two months in that region, and then act-
ually claimed and received, as coming from that
Territory, the appointment to which he (Mr. S.)
referred. -With all due respect to the Administra-
tion which commissioned him, and to the gentle-
man himself, for whom he (Mr. S.) entertained
none other than kind feelings, he must declare that
the people of Minnesota had good cause to com-,
plain of the bestowment upon an entire stranger,
of a goodly slice of the small share of patronage
which they had a right to expect of the Govern*
[ ment. He hid listened with pleasure to thecom-
, plimentary expressions of the gentleman who ia
at the head of the Indian Committee, with refer-
ence to Governor Ramsey find his efficient man'
agement of the relations with the tribes of Indians
in Minnesota; and hecould-say, of his owitknowl-
edge, that the Governor was deserving of such
commendation from the Executive, as well as
from this House. He believed Governor Ramsey
to be a sincere friend to the Indians, and desirous
of meliorating their condition; and the exception
made in the amendment proposed, so as to effect
no change in the Minnesota superinteiuleney, was
alike due to the Department, and in accordance
with the dictates of a sound policy. Any disrup-
tion at this particular crisis of the relations exist-
ing between the Executive of that Territory und
the large and warlike tribes within its limits,
would have an unfavorable effect upon them.
He (Mr. S.) did not intend to say much more
on this occasion. He wduld only advert, in very
few words, to the actual condition of the Indian
race. That condition, he regretted tD say, was a
very Wretched one. This Government still for-
bears to adojft & course with regard to these mis-
erable dependents, which a due respect for its own
honor and character, and the promptings of a wise
and ehHghterted humanity, would, dictate. If, in
the place of expending millions upon millions in
keeping up a large (military force to hunt the In-
dians with sword and bayonet, as is now the case
in Texas and New Mexico,.the Government
would place in the hands of its: Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, to be applied to. feeding, clothing,
and educating the remaining tribes, one fifth of
the sum now required for the support of anatmy;
it would soon' be found unnecessary to employ
i force at all. The remit would prove that these
beings are actuated by the same motives as are
other men,and that when this Government ceases
to regard Mid treat them as outcasts and enemies,
they will be grateful for and appreciate its motives.
No one can be justified in aaserting tbat such an
experiment would fail until it had been properly
1 tried. To test the sense of the House on this sub-
ject,.he (Mr. S.) would endeavor to obtain- the
floor btfore the adjournment, with a view of mov-
! ing that the bill presented by him at the beginning"
jl of thesession, "for promoting the civilization of
r the Indian tribes in Minnesota Territory," be
taken up and put upon its passage. That bill
embodied principles which, if carried out in good
faith by this Government, would have the effect
to save those tribes which remain. It provides
that they shall be made amenable to the laws of
I, the United States, and be protected by them in
person and property; and that a homestead and
1; the rights of citizenship shall be secured to them
under certain restrictions and conditions. If
Congress will pass such a measure, the time will
speedily arrive when:this Government may safely
dispense with any display of military force On the
border to protect it -from savage aggressions, tor
under it* operation the Indian himself will-fee* Us
prompt to uphold and sustain the majesty of thofe
laws, which extend to him civil and politickl rights,
as are now other citizens.
Mr. S. concluded with the expression of a hope
that the amendment, which was so well calculated
to give increased efficiency to the Indian depart-
ment, would receive the favorable consideration of
the committee. It involved no additional expend-
iture on the part of the Government; and even if
it did, that fact should constitute no objection to
the passage of a measure which was in itself of
such paramount interest to the country.
Mr. MASON said: Hhis bill is a very large oho,
and I am not disposed to detain the committee long-
in relation to it. I would only make a single re-
mark in relation to a small" bill that I intend to
bring up in the course of a day or two. In say-
ing that this bill is a large one, I mean that it con-
talris large appropriations; and for these Indian
affairs, as well as for other things, it appears to
me that the appropriations are all very iarge. But
we have an Administration in power that loves
money and likes to spend a great deal, and whilst
1 it is in power we do not expect to get along very
economically. I shall only ask for a little pittance
for two hrother soldiers—-John Mackintosh and
Philip Miller—who; it will be recollected, were dis-
abled in the service of the country in the Mexican
war. We have been making large appropriations
' for Little Sodus and Big Sodus, and I hope the
