fHE (CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
*11 you have to <Ji  is u> convince these Indiana of '
your intention to do justice, and of your power to !
punish tliem, if ne;-essnry. The very moment
you convince thaui that you are strong enough to
beat t.iein, and that you intend to dtsul honestly
with tlieui, von wiil nave no further trouble wita
ti i ui. I belie* e, therefore, that it is fur from be-
in^ extravagant, and it is economy to make this
provision. 1, for one, shall vote for it.
liy unanimous consent, Mr. Hiluvrd with-
drew lus intendment.
The question -whs then taken upon the amend-
ineii odered !y t'ie gentleman iVoin Arkansas,
[Mr. and it was agreed to,
Mr. P.AYLA asked if the sections of the bill
had all been retorted?
Tue CHAIRMAN replied in tlie affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The question wxs pu t, and the committee agreed *
to rise and report the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he had an-
other amendment to offer.
T he*C 11AI11 MAX informed the gentleman from
Arkansas that the committee had voted to rise.
Mr. JOHNSON said the amendment waa one
of great importance; it was recommended by the
Treasury Department. He hoped some arrange-
ment would be made by which it could be offered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, appealed to
the House, that inasmuch as the amendment was
recommended, that the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnsox] be permitted, by u; wuiaovia, oo^it
sent, to offer it, , . ...
The CHAIRMAN said could be aoupie. by
unanimous consent. , ^
No objection was made, and— •
. Mr. JOHNSON offered the following amend'
merit:
" For payment of the prr diem of a special agent, at «
rate aot tt> except foiu dollars |*!f day and tbe expenses of
transportation, lor the purpose of paying off Indians in the
old States, an I particularly the North Carolina Indians
their removal and subsistence food, ander the order and
i jgtrectieas  f the Secretary of Um Treasury, 101,000."
Mr. J. read the folio-win? communication, from
Mr. Cokwnr, in support of the amendment:
T*e*«orv Dtrmiitirr.
, February 7, 1851.
feia : I ackapwledge the receipt of your tetter of the 5th
in -nut, on the subject of appointing a special agent lor the
purpose of paj in* off the Indians in old State?, arfd particu- I
larty in JSorth Carefina, the transportation and subsistence ,'j
fund, and «o pay to the I ndiana them-ielves instead of tbroagii
tiie Department and their agent*; and in reply hare the
honor to state, that I consider such a measure would be
both advisable and just, not only a? regards the Indians hnt
al«o to the government, preveming ill many instances ex-
tortion upon the former, by heavy and unreasonaMe deduc-
tions 6>r agency or pretended services, and in.checking
fraud- upon the Government, by affording an opportunity of i
ascertaining the actual existence of the Indians, or of thelf
legal heirs in case of tllcir death. No appropriation, how- 1
era, exists far the compensation of puch an agrat,. sad
•would respectfully recommend that power should be granted |
to employ such agent or agents a.« may be necessary, with an '
annual compensation to he regulated by the proper Depart- !
inent, hit not to exceed®  per annum.
As all the business connected with Indians, and all the
payments to them, are managed by the Department of the
interior, except the payments to the remnant of the Chero-
kees in-North Carolina, I would suagest the propriety of ,
transferring the payments tn the latter to that-Department;
anttaiso the appointment of the proposed new agents, and
that this small branch of the Indian payments should 110
longer be separated from the Department to which it legiti-
mately belongs.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
TilO. CORWIX, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R. W. Johssok, Chuinnan of the Committee on
Indian •AJfalrx of House of Representatives.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON said he had another (Intendment
to offer. He did not propose U> gay one word upon
it, and hoped he should have leave to offer it. j
The CHAIRMAN aaid it could only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. BAYLY said he \yould offer the amend-
ment in the House.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman reported that i
the committee, according to order, have had under
consideration the Union generally, and particularly ■
the naval pension bill and the Indian nension bill,
and had instructed him to report the former with-
out. amendment,and the latter with amendments.
The question now being on ordering the naval
pension bill to be engrossed and read a third time, !
,Jt was put and carried in the affirmative; and the ;J
bill having been engrossed according to order, it
was read the third time and passed.
The question now being on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in their amendments to the Indian appropriation
bill,
Mr. BAYLY wished to offer the following
amendment, (which in committee he had pledged
the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to
offer,) as an additional section to the bill. He re-
marked that it was the fine recommended by the
Committee on Indian Affairs:
" For payment of reasonable compensation, traveling,
transportation, and subsistence of A. M. Mitchel, and a
posse of citizens of Minnesota Territory summoned by him
whilst marshal of said Territory, and engaged in the sup-
pression of Indian disturbances in said Territory about the
aOthJune, 183U, their accounts to be settled and payment
made under the order and direction of the Secretary of the
Treusury, $1,600."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked that the
following communication from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs of January 9, 1851, made in an-
swer to a call upon him by the Secretary of the In-
terior in regard to certain disturbances among the
Winnebago Indians, might be read:
Department or the Interior,
Office of Indian jtffnirs, January 9, 1851.
Sir: In compliancc with a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the Congress of the United States, of
tile .'Id instant, in which the "Commissioner of Indian
'Affiura is requested forthwith tn furnish to the House of
' Jtepreseufcttives a report relative to the troubles with the
' VViBuebago Indians., in tlie Territory of Minnesota, in the
'months ^if June and July last: and to accompany such
' report with copies of such papers as may be on file in his
' office, (elating to said Winnebago troubles, and the ex-
' peases-incurred in quelling tlie same,?' I have the honor
in report, that the troubles with the Winnebago Indians, re-
ferred to in the resolution, as this office is informed, origin-
ated and were suppressed as follows:
A party of that tribe, on the '23d of Jane last, called at the
house of one Calvin Potter, in Benton county, Minnesota
Territory, to purchase a keg of whiskey. Potter refused to
sell. The'Indians continued to ask for it, when an individ-
ual named Sommerville, without being requested to inter-
fere by the owner, undertook to put them out of tlie house.
In the scuffle that ensued, Potter fired several shots, by
which one Indian was killed, and two others wounded.
Sommerville, and another white man, were much injured,
but fled after the killing and wounding of the Indians. The
Winnebagoes went to their village, when a large party of
them immediately returned to Potter's house, and after ta-
king some goods, corn, and what whiskey they could find,
they carried away their dead and wounded. Soon after
this, they killed two oxen, and took several horses belong-
ing to the citizens.
Of all this, it appears that the sub-agent was not informed,
until it was communicated to liim by the Indians them-
selves. He immediately proeeeded to the Indian village,
but before reaching it found on the east side of the Missis-
sippi, apposite the village, the marshal of the Territory,
Colonel A. M. Mitchell, with a large collection ef citizens
from the adjoining counties, and Captain Monroe, with fifty ]
men from Fort Snelling, who had proceeded there to quell
the disturbances. Several of the I ndians were under guard,
whonrthe whites were about to whip, but, upon being ex-
postulated with by the sub-agent, who insisted upon a resort
to legal proceedings, and becoming himself the prosecutor,
the whites desisted from their purpose, and the Indians were
taken before the civil authorities of Benton county, by
whom seven were committed, and three acquitted. The
horses, arid a part of the goods taken by the Indians, were
delivered to the sheriff of Benton county, and a complaint
lodged by the sub agent with the proper authority against
Calvin Potter, for unlawfully killing,a Winnebago Indian.
Of the expenses incurred in suppressing tile troubles re-
ferred to in the resolution, it appears, from a communica-
tion addressed to this office on tlie 22d October last, by Col.
A. M. Mitchell, United States marshal for the Territory of
Minnesota, that an express was dispatched to St. Paul by
the people in the vicinity of the outbreak, calling upon liim
for assistance in suppressing it. He at once made a requi-
sition for all the regular troops that could be spared from
Fort Snelling, collected a posse of about fifty men, pro-
ceeded about one hundred and twenty miles to the scene of
disturbance, and, after much troubleand a week's labor with
all his force, succeeded in arresting the Indians charged
with being offenders, and lodged them in prison at Fort Snel-
liag.
A copy of the communication, addressed to Colonel
Mitchell by the citizens of Benton county, calling upon him !
for aid, is herewith transmitted. I also inclose a copy of
Governor Ramsey's letter to Colonel Mitchell, dated 4th
October last, in which he says: " I consider you justified 1
' in the course you took. At the time of the outbreak, I
' was in the Chippewa country, but had I been at s*t. Paul,
'acting under the information that was sent down from.
' Sank Rapids, upon which you proceeded, I sheuld have
' advised tlie course you took." These, with a copy of the
statement af expenses incurred in subsisting for the time
the force employed to suppress the outbreak, are all the pa-
pers of fUe in tliis office, relating to the " Winnebago trou-
bles," called for by the resolution of the House.
Respectfully submitted,
h. LEA, Commissioner.
Hon. Howell Cobb, Speaker of the House of Represent-
ative*
Mr. HALL submitted, whether the.amendment
was in order? <
The SPEAKER said, he was bound to rule the f
amendment out of order. It contained an appro-
priation, and must be first considered in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY d eiun')ded the previous question;
and it received a second; and the main question
was ordered, which main question was first -on
agreeing to the amendment made by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of tlie Union.
The question was then taken, and the first and
second amendments of tlie Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union were concurred
in.
The SPEAKER stated, that the only remaining
amendment was the one offered by the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. CARTTER asked if it was in order to
consider that amendment by sections ?
The SPEAKER stated that it could, if upon
examination it was found to contain separate and
distinct propositions.
Mr. JOHNSON said the amendment was of-
fered as one distinct proposition.
The SPEAKER stated, that he must examine
the amendment before he could decide in relation
to it.
Mr. CARTTER thought the amendment clearly
contained more than one proposition.
The SPEAKER siid tne amendment would, be
considered as a single proposition, unless the gen-
tleman desired it to be divided.
Mr. CARTTER said, his only object was.to
have a separate vote upon the second section of
the amendment.. , "
The question was taken upon the arrfeodnlerit,
and it was adopted.
The SPEAKER asked if gentlemen desired a
separate vote upon the different sections ?
Mr. CARTTER said that he desired a separate
vote upon that section which provides for an in-
crease of salary of clerks.
The 1st, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th sections
of the amendment were agreed to.
The question now being on agreeing to thd 9t.h
section of the amendment,
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers upon the yeas and nays; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question now being upon the fourth amend-
ment, it was reported as follows:
" For payment of per diem of a special agent, at a rate not
to exceed four dollars per day, and expenses of transporta-
tion, foi; the purpose of paying off Indians in the old States,
and particularly the North Carolina Indians, their removal
and subsistence fund under the order and instructions ofthe
Secretary of the Treasury, $1,000."
Mr. VINTON asked if it was expected to make
the office permanent?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, teplied in-the
negative.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to l e engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed ac-
cording to order, was read a third time and
.passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which that bill passed, and to lay that motion em
the table; which latter motirtn was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that as
the House had voted away about eight millions of
dollars to-day, he thought they might adjourn.
He therefore moved that the House do now ad-
journ; but yielded at the request of
Mr.WHITE, who asked and obtained consent
to withdraw certain papers from the files of the
House.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, the HoW
then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
THnRSDAT, February 20, 1851.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial from
citizens of the Slate of Arkansas, asking a
occupants of certain lands in that State, n
the " Bowie claims," may be authorize
them at Government prices; _ ,
refer to the Committee on the Public a
Mr. BORLAND. There is a
tion with this subject, which I ask may betoken
up, simply for the purpose of ^ving l's reborn
nutment to the Committee on the Public Lands,
