624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20.
Mr. HALE, firm tlic Committee on Pensions,
to w Inch Mat. refund the memorial of Chambers
e. Muiiui, a soldier in the late war with Mexico,
asking an increase of pension, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Chambers C. Mullin, which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Mary W. Ketchum, wid-
ow of Thomas Ketchum, asking to be allowed a
pension, submitted a report, which was ordered to
tie printed, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
VLarv W. Ketchum, which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of John B. White, asking that
a certain amount of invalid money may be refund-
ed, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the
he.rs of Robert While, which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Hector St. John Beetlev,
asking to be allowed arrears of pensions, sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed,
adverse to the prayer of the petitioner.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Eleazar AVilliams, asking
a pension for services rendered during the war
with Great Britain, submitted a report, which was
ordered to he printed, adverse to the prayer of the
petitioner.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Mary Ann C. Berger,
widow of the lale John Thomas Berger, first en-
gineer of the United States transport Secretary
Walker, during the war with Mexico, asking to
be allowed a pension, submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed, adverse to the prayer
of the petition.
Also, from the same committee, to which wua
referred the resolution of the Senate, to inquire
into the expediency of making certain amend-
ments to the act for the relief of Charlotte Lynch,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, asking to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the widow and children
of Samuel Gray, representatives and coheirs of
Ebenezer Gray, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PELCH, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Martinsville by
Morgantown to Franklin, in the State of Indiana,
reported back the same with amendments.
LANDS OF SIOUX INDIANS.
On motion by Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded
to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill-to authorize the President to purchase certain
lands from the half-breed Sioux Indians.
Mr. BELL then submitted an amendment,
which was ordered to be printed; and the bill was
laid on the table.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed bi^i of the following titles, in which tliey request
the coticimenee of the Senate :
House bill No. 434, An act making appropriations Cor the
support of the Military Academy for the year ending the
JOtli June,
House bill No. 435, An act making appropriations for the
payment nf revolutionary anil other pensioners of the United
States for the year ending the 30th June, 1833.
These bills were severally read a first and sec-
ond time bv their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be re-
quested to report whither any, and if so what, legislation is
necessary or expedient to enable the accounting officers of
the Treason to settle the accounts of the late acting super-
intendent of Indian affairs lor the State of Michigan.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu"
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent)
and agreed to:
Rc.olred. That the Committee or Naval Affairs be in-
j slructed to innuue into the expedient-) uf allow nig by law
a ro.iMinahle increase m the maximum of eonum>--nms now
allowed to liavv
United St'tts
gents at the principal na1 a' &tai:om m the
MISSOURI RAILROAD.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to grant to the State of Mis-
souri the right of way, and a portion of the public
. land, for the purpose of aiding in making a rail-
road from St. Louis to the western limits of said
State.
Mr. ATCHISON. This bill is of precisely die
same character as other lulls which have passed
the Senate. It gives alternate sections of the pub-
lic land; but I presume it is unnecessary to enter
into any explanation of its provisions. I pro-
pose, however, to amend the bill by striking out
from the fourth section the words:
" And the said road shall be and reniam a public high-
way for the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge upon the transportation ot
any propeitj or troops of the United States''—
And inserting the following:
•'•And that the still railroad, w hen completed, shall be
subject to carr^in the cars, of the road the troops, munition-*
of war, and army supplies of the United States, at rateB not
exceeding the lowest rates paid by individuals for like ser-
vices; and the public mails shall be at all times transported
thereon under the direction oi tli,- iJeneial Post Office De-
partment, at such fair paces as Congress may direct, or the
compam and the Postmaster General agree upon.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. I now move to strike out
the last section of the hill, which is in these
words:
"Sec. 6. -Ini be it further enacted, That the United
States mail, shall at at all times be transported on said rail-
road, under the direction of the Post < J thee Department, a
auch prices as Congress may by law direct."
This section is unnecessary, as ample provision
is made by the amendment which has already
been adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I should like to hear from
the Senator from Missouri what quantity of land
is appropriated by this bill, and what the whole
amount will be that will have been appropriated to
the State of Missouri, if this and other bills which
have passed the Senate shall become laws ?
Mr. ATCHISON. I have not made a calcula-
tion of the number of acres, btlt this railroad will
not exceed two hundred and eighty or three hun-
dred miles in length.
Mr. WALKER. What is the other ?
Mr. ATCHISON. About one hundred and
eight miles, and the bill gives alternate sections.
The bill was reported to the Senate, the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole were
concurrcd in, and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations*!'1)!- U>e service m the fiscal year
ending the 30th day of June, 1851.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to concur in theamend-
ment of the House.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the House-
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that an amendment of the House to an
amendment of the Senate is not subject to amend-
ment. The only way is to disagree to the amend-
ment of the House, and to ask a committee of
conference. It is certainly not in order to offer
an amendment to an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I know what the amendment
is which the Senator from Arkansas intends to
propose, but I am inclined to think that the decis-
ion of the Chair is not correct; at least, it has
been differently ruled heretofore. On a former oc-
casion, when an amendment was made to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill on my motion,
it went to the House of Representatives. They
concurred in the amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment. That came back, and it was pro-
posed to agree to their amendment with an amend-
ment. The subject was discussed at considerable
length, and the Chair then decided that the amend-
ment of the House to the proposition of the Sen
ate became a part of the main question, and was
subject to the amendment. I think, therefore, 1
that the amendment af the House is pari of the
main subject, and subject to amendment. That
was the decision in the case to which I refer.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is aware that
there have been several different decisions. And
as that has been the practice of the Senate, the
Chair will receive the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas, though it differs from his individ-
ual opinion.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I move to amend
the amendment of the House by adding to it the
following proviso:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall embrace
any private claims under any other treaty than tnat of Au
gu.st 6th, 184G."
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. I am very sure it cannot pass
the House, and I hope the Senate will not pass it.
I hope the Senate will concur in the amendment
of the House without this amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope that the amendment
of the Senator from Arkansas will be adopted.
Whatever difficulty may occur between the two
Houses, this is merely a question of justice, and a
faithful conformity to the treaty. I think that we
do not, in making an appropriation for the satis-
faction of the claims of the Cherokees under the
act of 1846, require a release of all claiiBs whatso-
ever, when there are claims which are not pro-
vided for by the bill, and which do not form a
part of the subject under consideration. Assu-
redly, the House will not contest the propriety of
excluding from the operation of the bill subjects
which were not in the contemplation of the framers
of the bill, and which are not embraced in any one
of its provisions, except that which requires a re-
lease of the interests of this nation of Indians. I
1 think the Senate will see the justice and propriety
1 of the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Arkan-
sas and the Senator from Georgia had examined
the amendment of the House, they would have
found that it relates only to national claims, and a
national release of national claims on the part of
the Cherokee nation. It does not cover the cases
of private claims under the treaties of 1817 and
1819. It does not exclude them, as I understand
the amendment of the House. It simply binds
the nation to relinquish all their national claims.
In that respect, perhaps, it is not as stringent as
the amendment which was sent by the Senate to
the House. When I first looked at it, I thought
it was more stringent, but on a careful examina-
tion I found it was not so stringent.
Mr. BERRIEN. I entertain a different opinion
from that expressed by the Senator from Virginia;
but it is not necessary to discuss the discrepancy
between the amendment of the Senate and the
amendment, of the House. If the proposition of
the Senator be correct, that we are but making
what the House intended, of course there can be
no difficulty, and the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas can do no harm; while, if my con-
struction be correct, in passing an appropriation
act, which requires a release of claims not provided
for in the bill, and not considered at all, we ought
to avoid, and the amendment would avoid, posi-
tive injustice.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Georgia
does not understand me precisely. I gay the House
did not intend, and certainly their amendment
does not include claims und«r the treaties of 1817
and 1819; but they did intend to exclude claims
arising under the treaties of 1835, 1836, and 1846.
This amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
refers only to the treaty of 1846, and 1 have no
idea that they will agree to it. Indeed, I cannot
agree to it myself.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The object of this proviso
is simply to confine the legislation of Congress to
the subject-matter which was in dispute between
the Cherokees and the United States, and which
was the object of the amendment which we sent to
the House. Now, it so happens that ther.e are no
claims which are to be adjusted and settled on the
basis of an appropriation, except thos« arising
under the treaty of 1846. There were no di*put«a
questions arising under other treaties. In the way
in which this stands now, it is a proposition to
impose upon the Cherokees for the payment oi
one debt a condition that they will release all other
claims upon all former treaties. If I recollect
aright, I think that we had about twelve treaties
with the Cherokee nation pirior to 1846; and now,
