THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $ 1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Con-cress, 2d Sessiok.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1851.
New Series....No. 40.
by this amendment of the House, we propose to
require, before we pay them what is due under
the treaty ot 1846, that they shall release all claims,
not only in favor of the nation, but in favor of in-
dividuals under all other treaties.
The amendment which I propose is to exclude
the claims of individuals for claims they may have
under the treaties of 1818 and 1819. The propo-
sition is as plain as it can be.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 hope the amendment of
my colleague will be adopted, not alone for the
reasons which he has given as applicable to this
particular case, but upon the general principle that
Congress has not the power, in my opinion—cer-
tainly I think it ought not to exercise it if it has—
to adopt in a bill any provision of law which will
exclude a tribe of Indians or individuals from
coming forward, and, if they have & valid claim
against the United States, establishing it, and get-
ting paid that which may be due to them. I do not
believe that Congress can pasts any such provision
that will have any force or effect whatever. We
cannot bind individuals not to come forward, nor
can we bind a future Congress not to allow any
such claim. For these reasons, apart from those
given by my colleague, I think his amendment
should be adopted.
Mr. EWtNG. I understand that the amend-
ment of the House does not apply to private
claims. That being the case, I can see no ob-
jection to it, and thereby leave private claims as
they were. 1 see no difficulty that will arise from :
it, or flagrant injustice. I
The amendment to the amendment of the House 1
was not agreed to. 1
The amendment of the House was then con-
curred in.
DUTY ON RAILROAD IKON.
Mr. TTJRNEY. I would ask the Senate to take
up the bill for the relief of the East Tennessee and
! The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.-
The PRESIDENT. This bill was reported
upon adversely by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TURNEY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the second section, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it fu. ther enacted, That should it be
proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
on or before the expiration of the four years tor which the
credit aforesaid shall have been given, that the railroad iron
so imported, by or for the use of the said East Tennessee
and Georgia Railroad Company, shall have been, actually
and permanently laid on said railroad, then, and in that
case, the said Secretary shall cancel the said bond for the
duties aforesaid; and thereafter the said company shall be
entitled to a drawback of the duties paid upon any railroad
iron imported for the use thereof, upon the production by
the said company to the Secretary of the Treasury ol' satis-
factory proof that such iron has heen actually used upon the
said railroad: Provided, That the East liennessee and
Georgia Railroad Company shall enter into an agreement
, and obligation to transport upon the said railroad, at all
times, free of charge, all troops in the service of the United
States, together with their baggage and equipage, and all
munitions of war belonging to the Uuited States.
I then propose to add the following proviso to
■ the first section, which I think will obviate the ob-
jections to the bill:
■And provided,further, That the Postmaster General be
' and he hereby is authorized to contract with the said Bast
Tennessee and Georgia Railroad Company tor the transport-
ation of the mail upon the said railroad, wlien completed,
, at such rate of compensation as may have been fixed by
law, and that credit for the amount of such compensation,
i as it may become due, shall be allowed upon the bond or
bonds so to be given, until the whole amount thereof shall
, have been discharged, without reference to the time limited
! for the payment of the same; and should such contract not
j be fulfilled by the said company, or from any other sufli-
1 cient cause cease, then any balance that may be due by the
, said company on any such bond or bonds, shall be payable
' within six months from demand by proper authority.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments which had been
made in Committee of the Whole were concurred
Georgia Railroad Company. It is perhaps the 1 in.
last request I shall make of them to take up any j! Mr. HUNTER. I would simply reihark that
bill. It is a bill granting four years'indulgence to the bill came from the Committee on Finance
the company, as to when they shall pay the duty i with the recommendation that it do not pass
on railroad iron. It contains another section, that The PRESIDENT. The Chair has statec
when the railroad iron shall be laid down the bond
shall be cancelled. But I shall move to strike out
that section,so as to leave the bill merely to grant
the privilege of not paying the duties on their iron
for four years. And I shall also move to add, a
proviso authorizing the Postmaster General to
contract with the company for the transportation
of the mails, and to let them pay for the duties on
their iron in that way. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill. I think it will occupy but a very few
moments.
Mr. RUSK. If I thought this bill would not
draw after it a debate, I should have no objection
to it, for I shall vote for the bill; but I feel it to be
my duty to oppose the motion for reasons which
it is scarcely necessary for roe to mention. We
have been for three days engagtd on the post of-
fice bill, and we have not yet disposed of it, and
by taking up and laying down bills we shall effect ;
nothing. I
Mr. TURNEY.
stated that
there was an adverse report in the rase. ♦
Mr. TURNEY. The adverse report, I pre-
sume, was based on the second section of the bill,
which lias now been stricken out, which section
provided that, upon the iron being laid down on
the road, the bonds should be cancelled even with-
out the payment of the money. That section has
now been stricken out, and the only effect of the
bill, as it has been amended, is, that it will allow
the company four years within which to pay the
duties on iron, and to pay those duties by the
transportation of the mail. 1 presume the Com-
mittee on Finance would not report unfavorably
to a bill of that description. It has been the con-
stant practice of Congress to pass bills more fav-
orable to these companies than this bill now is.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not think it has been the
constant practice of Congress to pass such bills.
A few bills of this character may have been passed
, within the last few years. And the Senator must
I have not consumed any ,! perceive that, if we pass this bill, we will be inun-
portion of the time of the Senate during th£ pres- !' dated with applications of a similar sort from a
ent session in asking lea.ve to take up a bill local ; great many railroads. If we should grant them it
in its character. This is the first application of j would be a very great detriment to the revenue,
ttelrind 'hat I have made, and the last, perhaps, j We know immense amounts of iron are yearly
I shall make. I assure the Senate that in my ij imported for railroads w'aich pay considerable
judgment the passage of the bill ought not to con
sume as much time as the Senator and myself have
employed in discussing the propriety of taking it
up. Many of the other States have had alternate
sections of the public lands granted to them to
enable them to construct railroads. Tennessee has
Received no such advantage
been granted to that State
    —     — |- m u^uouiuil UUll"
tamed in the bill is merely to allow a railroad
company in Tennessee four years' indulgence in
the paying of duties on railroad iron, and
enable the
transportation „    g, „ tuc
bill should give rise to much debate, to consent to
Ua postponement.
40
duty, and if the time for the payment of the du-
ties be extended, the revenue would suffer some
considerable inconvenience. I think we had bet-
ter adhere to the old practice.
Mr. COOPER. I do not like to object to the
  , passage of a private bill, or a bill in which any
No public lands have gentleman is peculiarly interested, but I neverthe-
The proposition con- • less feel constrained to object to this bill. It is
known very well that at this time the great staple
interest of Pennsylvania and of other States is
suffering from the want of a change in the existing
company to pay those duties by the , revenue laws. Congress has not seen fit to accori
ton of the mail. I am willing, if the to the n  
numerous petitions which have been pre-
sented in this body and in the other house of Con-
1 gress, the prayer of the petitioners to make any
modification in these laws. But I hope that while
Congress refuses to do what the state of these in-
terests so imperatively requires, they will hesitate
long before they increase the difficulties which are
complained of, by extending the credit upon iron,
received to be used in the construction of railroads
anywhere. If Congress should have found it,
convenient, or deemed it proper to take up and
revise the revenue system, it is probable that some
system could have been agreed upon by which the
railroads now in courseof construction, or which
are contemplated in various parts of the Union,
should have facilities accorded to them. But
while the iron interests of this country are crushed
and prostrated, it is rather too much to ask that
while aid on the part of the Government is refused
to them to compete with other countries in the
manufacture of this article, companies who i^se
the article shall be relieved from paying the duties
required by existing laws, or have long credit ex-
tended to them for the payment of those duties.
I think it is too much to ask; and I hope the Sen-
ate will reflect l>efore it passes a bill containing a
provision like this.
Mr. BELL. I wish to say to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that I think he would not object to
this bill, if he understood the difficulties under
which the company who are to construct this
road labor. This road goes through a country
where there is but very little surplus capital. The
company made a contract for the whole of the
iron necessary for the road; they have drawn only
about one half to this country, and paid the duties.
They have given bonds for the remainder of the
purchase. Now, whenever the Senator from
Maryland, or the Senator from Pennsylvania finds
railroads similarly situated with this, then I think
this will be a precedent which may be very rea-
sonably urged, and one that would be entitled to
the consideration of the Senate. But this is not
like any case which has arisen, or which is likely
to arise. It is a railroad of great importance,
connecting the southern with the northern lines of
communication by railroad. This road will con-
tinue the Virginia works of improvement. As 1
said before, about one half of the iron which has
been contracted for, has been brought over, and
the duties' paid for it; but the company have not
sufficient means to pay the duties of the remainder,
which has not been imported. I think the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania cannot resist such a case.
Mr. COOPER. I feel bound, notwithstanding
the appeal made by the Senator from Tennessee,
to.resist, as far as it is in my power, the passage
of this bill. Sir, the company—I have no doubt
a rich and powerful company—whose interest*
would be promoted by these provisions, can
endure the hardship of which the Senator com-
plains much better than the laborers of Pennsyl-
vania can endure the hardships which they are
enduring from day to day, and from year to year,
under the present revenue laws of the country.
If the Senator was aware of the prostration of
that interest in Pennsylvania, which is one of the
greatest interests, and affects incidentally all other
interests, he would not complain of the compara-
tively little hardships which this company has to
endure.
Sir, more than one-half of the furnaces which
were in blast in Pennsylvania in 1848 have now
ceased operations altogether, and the quantity of!
iron manufactured has' been reduced in a still
larger proportion. A great number of the bands
then employed are now idle; they can find nothing
to do, nothing wherewith to support themselves.
But this company, rich, I have no doubt, in re-
sources, can find the means to pay the amount oi
duties. There are banks, money is plenty, and,
they can resort to a loan in order to pay the duties.
But surely, in the prostrate condition of this great
interest—great in many of the States and import-
ant in most of them—nothing ought to be done to
increase foreign facilities, to overwhelm us with
the products of a labor less than half paid, anil
which results almost in the starvation of those
employed. I trust that this body and the other
house of Congress will hesitate long before they
