628
THE OOMGRIJGBIGNAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
I care nothing particularly for the case of Slocum,
although I belive, as I stated on that occasion, the
claim to be a meritorious, and one which justly en-
tled him to receive a pension, commenceing even
earlier than the time provided in the bill reported
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Averett.]
f understand from the gentleman from Virginia
that 1842 was fixed upon as the time when the
pension should commence in this case, because
that was the time when the last favorable report
on the claim was made to the House. That case
had been before Congress from 1834; and from
time to time favorable reports had been made,
though never so as to receive the favorable concur-
should be shown as is marking our legislation.
For aught I know, indeed from what I do know
from reading of the reports accompanying these
bills, they are cases of merit, and it would be in
accordance with what I hold to be sound princi-
| pie, to allow the pensions severally to commence
i at the time the proof was perfected and the case
, presented to Congress. In moving these amend-
; ments I brought upon myself the displeasure
i of some, but I have also brought the matter to the
,l notice of the House in such manner as I hope
11 will induce a deliberate decision of a principle
jj that ought to be established, and made the guid^
and precedent for the action of the Committee on
rent action of both branches of Congress. I held j. Invalid Pensions, and of this body.
then, what I hold now, that the pension ought to
commence at the time when the case, fully made
out and the proofs completed, should be present-
ed here. That I hold to be a sound principle, and
one that ought to be followed in all these cases.
But it was not sustained by the committee or the
House; and every bill that passed on that day
was amended so as to conform to the doctrine of
the gentleman from Illinois.
I desire now to read what one of my colleagues
said in relation to this principle. I mean my col-
league who has been detained from the House by
indisposition for several weeks past, [Mr. Pres-
ton King.] He said:
" The unifom practice of the Honse; or nearly the uni-
form practice has been not to go back with these pensions.
It would be a dangerous precedent to establish, and would
afford a great temptation to procure false testimony, which
would not be used under other circumstances. I say this
from the experience which I have had as chairman of that
committee for one Congress. There the rule was inexora-
ble not to give back pensions, and I think from motives of
good policy."
Now, sir, I will further read what the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. J ones] said in defence
of the same principle, and in support of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois. He remarked:
"This case ofitselfis of very little importance, I presume,
to any person except to the individual for whose benefit
the bill is proposed to be passed. But there are important
interests involved in the principle which it contains. That
principle is one which, if established by this Government,
will take from the Treasury thousands upon thousands of
dollars. * * * If we adopt the principle in this case it
will apply to all similar cases."
" If we give the indvidual in this case a back pension, we
establish the principle of making those allowances of back
pensions. If the principle is right in one case it is right in
all cases; and instead of legislating in this way upon a spe-
cial case, we should pass a general law, and say all these
pensions should go back and date from the day of the in-
jury which produced the disability."
I have already, on a previous occasion, com-
mented at some little length on the inconsistency
of the gentleman from Tennessee, who is here
found on the Slocum bill laying down the princi-
ple, or rather defending the principle laid down
by the gentleman from Illinois, that back pensions
should not be allowed, while three or four weeks
afterwards, on a motion to amend a bill precisely
similar, by providing that the pension should com-
mence the 1st of January 1850, instead of 1847,
so as to conform to that principle, he was found
arguing against himself, and insisting that the
pension should commence at the time the proof
was perfected.
Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to take up the time
of the House in the discussion of the principle
here involved. As I have already said, my pur-
pose in moving the amendment to the bilis upon
your table was to make them conform to a princi-
ple which this House hact decided, and I have no
aesire to say- anything more than to bring to the
notice-of this House the manner in which we are
treating this kind of claims. Upon the 20th of
Decemoer not a bill passed without being
amended so as to provide that the pension should
commence at a recent day; and tnus applicants
were cut off from back pensions, which will be al-
lowed to these applicants in case my amendments
shall not be adopted. Upon a subsequent occa-
sion the House refused to recognize the principle
that back pensions should not be given, and bills
Vere passed granting pensions running back
several years. Now, I say here is a most palpa-
ble and censurable inconsistency; one which*this
House ought not to continue, and one which gen- j
tlemen ought not to justify j
The amendments I have moved bring up the i
question again for the decision of this House. I ]
Mi-110 ^eslre t0 defeat these bills, but I was un- ;
Willing that any such preference or partiality •
If my amendments shall fail, and these individ-
uals are allowed back pensions, the House thus
establishing the principle that these claims shall
be allowed, extending back through a series of
years, I shall ask this House to go back and do
justice to those individuals who have been cut off
from the benefit of that principle. To refuse this
will be most partial and unjust.
This, Mr. Speaker, is all I desire to say in rela-
tion to this,matter. As I have before said, I have
felt bound to say enough to bring to the notice of
the House the loose and inconsistent practice that
prevails in our legislation upon these claims.
Mr. OLDS. I desire to trouble the House vith
only a remark or two, in relation to this matter.
When the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole upon these cases, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Conger] proposed an
amendment, and the friends of the bill allowed it
to pass the committee rather than that the bill
should go over; and when "it came before the
House, the committee objected to it because they
conceived there was no justice in the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Olds] to say, that although
these amendments were ordered to be reported to
the House, the committee did not believe there
was justice or propriety in the amendments pro-
posed by the committee?
Mr. OLDS. I say, that the friends of the bill
suffered these amendments to be adopted rather
than the bill should be continued in the committee,
and not because they believed there was justice in
the amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I am perfectly satisfied with
the explanation. I understood the gentleman to
say, that the committee did not believe there was jus-
tice ®r propriety in the amendments, though it
ordered them to be reported to the House, and I
only desired to ask the gentleman how he had as-
certained that.
Mr. OLDS. It is not the fault of these individ-
uals who have claims here before this House year
after year, that they do not receive justic^. I have
a case in my district in which the papers "were per-
fected in 1845, and at two several sessions a bill
has passed this House for the relief asked. Now,
sir, is it the fault of the individual in this case,
that Congress has refused him the relief to which
he was entitled ?
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to say a word? Mr. Chairman, as a
member of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, I desire to say that this bill was reported in
exqct conformity to the well-established rule of
the House. It will be remembered that about a
year since a bill was reported by myself, from the
committee of which I am a member, for the relief ! with inconsistency. Now, what were the facts in
of Samuel Dewey, and that on that bill the whole .-relation to Ward's case? I did advocate the going
know that by so doing he might be considered
derelict in duty to some of his immediate constitu-
ents. One of the bills now under consideration,
he said, was for the relief of an old soldier in his
own district. He had served his country faith-
fully in the war of 1812. He incurred wounds
and disabilities in that service utterly incapaci-
tating him to support himself. For six years he
has been knocking at the doors of Congress for
relief. In 1845, his papers were perfected. Twice
this House has passed a bill for his relief, but for
want of time it failed in the Senate. Now, sir,
whose fault is it this old soldier has thus long
been denied relief? Under the rules of this House,
a single member objecting, a bill for the relief of
an old soldier goes over year after year, until
the applicant, still lingering around your doors, '
worn out with years and wounds, drops into his
grave, unrelieved, a lasting monument of the in-
gratitude of his country.
Mr. Speaker, the friends of these bills suffered
the amendment of the gentleman from New York
to be made, not because they believed it right, but
because it was the only way of getting the bills
before the House. Sir, the friends of these bills
only ask that the rules of the Pension Department
may apply to these cases. The almost uniform
practice of the Department has been to date the
pension back to the time of perfecting the evidence
upon which the pension is granted. Shall this
House not mete out the same justice? Sir, when
the applicant has perfected his papers, he has done
all in his newer.to do; shall we take advantage of
our own delay ? Sir, if the case has no merit, re-
ject it. If it has merit, allow your bounty to date
back ais proposed by the various committees re-
porting the bills.
Mr. JONES asked what was the question be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER stated that the question pend-
ing was the amendment made by the Committee
of the Whole, to strike out " 1847," and insert
"1850," as the period on which the pension shall
commence.
Mr. JONES said: I will detain the House but
a very few minutes. I have arisen for the pur-
pose of vindicating myself from the charge which
has been made against me by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr Conger,] of inconsistency in
respect to this pension case which is now before
i the House.
The general principle which I have advocated
' in relation to invalid pensions is that laid down
by Congress, that where invalid pensions are
granted, they shall commence from the time when
the invalid fully shows that he is entitled to that
pension. He should receive whatever is author-
ized by law to be paid to him.
Mr. AVERETT here interrupted the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and made a remark which
was entirely inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. JONES (resuming) said: I understood,
and I believe a majority of the House understood
as I did, that they were giving Mr. Slocum a pen-
sion dating back to the time when his proof es-
tablishing his claim was perfected. This was my
understanding at the time the bill passed the com-
mittee, and it is the principle upon which I hare
uniformly endeavored to act in this House.
But, sir, I have been charged with inconsistency
in relation to this matter. There have been but
two cases in relation to which I have recommended
that the pension should date back further than
this. And upon these two cases I am charged
question now under consideration Came up and
was fully discussed. That bill was so reported
as to give to the claimant a pension from the time
he perfected his claim before Congress. And on
the motion of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bowlin] to so amend as to bring it down to the
time it was reported, the discussion was had, and
the House, by a very decided vote, refused to
amend. Even after I, as the reporter of the bill,
consented to bring it down to 1845, the House re-
fused to permit it to be so altered. And, as far as
I know, every Pension Committee has reported
bills on that principle ever since. I hope the
amendment will be rejected.
Mr. OLDS remarked that he would detain the
House for a moment only on the question now
under consideration. He should, he said, con-
tent himself in giving a silent vote did he not
j back in his case, and how far ? I will tell you.
j Ward was in the battle of Buena Vista. He lost
t one hand, and the other was badly crippled, so
, that it was of no service to him. I have been in-
formed that he attends the door in the ladies' gal-
[ lery of the House. He oontinued in service for
a very short time after he received his wounds,
: when he was discharged. At the time of his dis-
charge lie received a^certificate from the surgeon
of the arnw of total disability. This settled his
disability from the time he left the service, and
ceased to receive pay as a soldier or as a private
in the army. I find the Commissioner of Pul-
sions placed him upon the pension roll, and that
he received his pay of $8 per month from the time
he was disabled in the army. This was all they
could give him. The loss of one hand would
have proved his total disability as well as both
