630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
The Houste was then divided to ascertain whether
there was a second to the demand for the previous
question; and there was a second. The main
question was then ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the amendment of the committee, and it was not
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed ac-
cording to order, was read the third time and
JONAS D. PLATT.
The bill for the relief of Jonas D. Piatt came up
as next in order, on the question of concurring in
the amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
providing that the pension shall commence in 1850,
instead of the period provided in the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked that the bills be
all disposed of together, as the same principle was
involved in each.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done Dy
unanimous consent.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
It received a second; and the main question was
ordered to be put.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment of the committee,
Mr. JONES, for the purpose of testing the ques-
tion, demanded the yeas and nays; but they were
not ordered. 
Mr. CARTTER asked for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
They were ordered; and Messrs. Sweetser and
Breck were appointed. A count was had, and
the tellers reported—ayes 23, noes 138.
So the yeat) and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the committee was not concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and the bill having been en-
grossed according to order, was read the third
time and passed.
The House then proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing bills, which had been severally reported
from the Committee of the Whole, with amend-
ments changing the date at which the pensions
were to commence, so as to make them begin on
the first day of January. 1851, instead of on the
day on which the proof was perfected before the
Committee on Invalid Pensions:
A bill for the relief of William Gove.
A bill granting relief to Benjamin Cressey.
A bill for the relief of Lot Davis.
A bill for the relief of Fielding G. Brown.
A bill for theTelief of Isaac Cobb.
A bill for the relief of Martha Dameron.
A bill for the relief of William Lynch.
A bill for the relief of James Mains.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Downs.
A bill for the relief of Gardner Herring.
A bill for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget.
" The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole were severally rejected; the bills were or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and,
being engrossed according to order, were sever-
ally read the third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of Charles S. Matthews,
Charles Wood, and James Hall, came up as the
next in order, on the question of agreeing to an
amendment of the Committee of the Whole stri-
king out #12,119 47 and inserting #11,500.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed ac-
cording to order, was read the third time and
The joint resolution providing for the adjust-
ment of the accounts of John D. Colmesnii, Pres-
ident of the Ohio and Mississippi Mail Line Com-
pany, came up in order on its engrossment.
The question was put, and it was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and having been
engrossed according to order, was read the third
time and passed.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which it was passed, and to lay that mo-
tion on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
HEIRS OP COL. DAVID HOPKINS.
The bill for the relief of the heirfe of Col. David
Hopkins came up in order on the question of its
engrossment.
Mr. WALLACE said: I shall trespass but a
few moments of time on the attention of the
House. Colonel David Hopkins, before the be-
ginning of the war of the Revolution, was a citizen
ol' the State of Virginia, but before that war began,
he had removed to the State of South Carolina,
and settled in the district which I now repre-
sent.
So soon as the war began he entered the army,"1
and took an active and distinguished part in its
prosecution, during the entire period of its con-
tinuance, and at its close it appears from revolu-
tionary records now before me, that he held the j
rank of full colonel. My information is to this |
effect: that a part of the time the regiment com-
manded by Colonel Hopkins was in the field, such :
was the condition of things in reference to the pay
department, that his regiment could not be kept in 1
the field, except by money advanced by himself, 1
This claim is for money thus advanced. Colonel
Hopkins was a man of considerable wealth, and
he drew upon his own private resources to make
these advances, and amidst all the trials and priva-
tions to which the soldiers of that period were sub-
ject, he kept his regiment in the field until the war
was terminated by the peace of 1783. I
The accounts upon which this claim rests are in ;
the handwriting of Colonel Hopkins himself, and
it would seem, therefore, that this claim has not
been raked up by his heirs since his death. All
the vouchers going to establish the justice of this
claim are before me, properly numbered, and bear-
ing upon them conclusive evidence of their genu-
ineness and antiquity; there is evidence also before
me of several officers and soldiers who served with
and under Colonel Hopkins, whose credibility is
amply attested, testifying to the gallantry and
meritorious services of Colonel Hopkins in many
a hard-fought field. There is no evidence in my
possession going to show that Colonel Hopkins
ever presented this claim to the United States for
payment during his life.
Notwithstanding the money he had advanced
in aid of the colonies, and the large amount of
property plundered from him by the British and
Tories, he found himself, at the close of the war,
still in possession of a competence for himself and
family; and long before the United States were
able to liquidate the debts incurred in the revolu-
tionary struggle, Colonel Hopkins was sleeping
quietly in an honorable grave. Since his life ter-
minated, a change in some respects has come over
the fortunes of some of his descendants. A portion
of them (and they are all highly respectable) are
the constituents of my friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Featherston,] and some of them are my
constituents, and they now come before this Con-
gress and ask this Government to refund to them
money actually advanced by their ancestor to aid
in achieving the independence of the country.
Now, sir, if this claim be just, I ask this House to
pass it, and order its payment. If any gentleman i
on this floor will satisfy me that it is unjust, I will
cease to represent it, and will unite my efforts with
his to procure its defeat. Among the paper® pre-
sented with the bill are a report of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims of the Senate "and a re-
port from the same committee of this House for
the last Congress, and also for the present Con- (
gress, from which it appears that all these com-
mittees were unanimously of opinion that this was K
a valid claim, and should be paid.
The heirs of Colonel Hopkins do not come here
asking for a Government bounty or pension; they J
simply ask the payment of a debt which they be-
lieve this Government owes them. If this claim :
be not paid, then it would seem that the policy is j
adopted and affirmed by the Government, that no
more revolutionary claims will be paid, no matter ,
how palpable the justice of the demand. But be |
this as it may, the heirs of Colonel Hopkins are
entitled to the commutation pay of a colonel, subject j
to a deduction of the amount they have heretofore
received, for no one, I presume, will attempt to
controvert the fact so clearly proven by the record
before me, that after the battle of Fish-dam Col-
onel Hopkins was promoted to the rank of Col-
onel, in which rank ne served until the Army was
disbanded in 1783. I ask, Mr. Speaker, that the
bill and reports be read, and that the bill £e put :
upon _ its passage, and I demand the previous
question
Mr. CARTTER asked what was the amount j]
claimed ? ; j
Mr. WALLACE!. The gentleman will learn
that from the reading of the bill.
The Clerk then read the bill.
Mr. JONES said that the amount was estimated
in pounds. He wished to know if it was the
pound sterling, or the pound of South Carolina
that was meant?
Mr. WALLACE. The bill says pounds ster-
ling.
Mr. JONES hoped that at least the interest
would not be allowed.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to strike out the inter-
est on the commutation.
Mr. WALLACE accepted the amendment, and
renewed his demand for the previous cjuestion.
| Mr. DANIEL, with a view to get time to ex-
I amine into the case, moved that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into Com-
i miltee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
Mr. FEATHERSTON hoped that the case
| would not be postponed.
Mr. DANIEL demanded tellers on his motion,
and they were ordered.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
, Sawtelle and Bowie acting,) it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 84, noes 48.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Thompson, of Missis-
sippi, in the chair.)
I POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee took up the post office appropri-
ation bill. *
j The Clerk having reported the first paragraph
of the bill—
Mr. BAYLY rose and said: I should not, sir,
at this late period of the session, take up a moment
of the time of the House with any matter personal
to my self if it were not of a character that it is im-
Eossible for me to overlook. It will be recollected
y the committee that a few days ago a passage-
at-arms took place between the member from
New York [Mr. Clarke] and myself, which, at
the time", I regarded as a good-natured one. But
in the report of his remarks made by himself, he
not only has suppressed what he did say, but he
has reported a great deal that he did not say.
Mr. ASHMUN here rose to call the gentleman
from Virginia to.order.
Mr. BAYLY. This injustice is done me in the
pages of the Congressional Globe, which is to be-
come the history of this body. If the gentleman
knew the extent of the injustice that has been done
me, and the short time tfiat I will take to explain
' it, he would not, I am sure, object to my proceed-
ing with my remarks.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to know if it is in order for the gentleman to
make a personal explanation in discussing this
bill ? I make the point of order because he made
one on me the other day:
Mr. BAYLY. The universal rule has been to
allow very large latitude in the discussion of the
general appropriation bills.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I beg leave to
say that it has not been the universal rule during
the present session.
Mr. CARTTER. I would not raise the ques-
tion of order if the gentleman had not done the same
thing to others.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not care
what may be the universal rule, nor do I know
anything of the merits of this case, but I think
that the gentleman ought to be allowed to explain,
and to set himself right upon the record and before
the country.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
according to the strict parliamentary rule, the gen-
tleman from Virginia is out of order; but the uni-
versal practice has been to allow the largest lati-
tude to debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—the Union generally being un-
der consideration. The Chair will state that the
same point was raised a day or two since, and the
committee then decided that the rule should be
strictly enforced; and when the committee has so
recently so decided, the Chair feels bound to rule
the gentleman's remarks out of order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe that with all the
abuses that we have had in the discussion of ap-
propriation bills, we have never had personal ex-
planations. . .
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 appeal from the decision
