1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
$20,000. The i".t.I is carried from St. Louis to |
New Orleans, three times a week, at an annual
compensation of The mail is carried
from Louisville to St. Louis, three times a week,
at a'i pminal compensation of $10,000.
Mr. STANTON. How is ii carried ?
Mr. PHELPS. I have already told the com-
mittee how this mail is carried. I said it was by i
the employment by special agents of boats to j
carry it for that special trip, they being paid so >
much for the trip, except on the route between the 1
city which the gentleman represents (Memphis)
and Cincinnati.
Mr. MARSHALL made a remark which the
Reporter was unable to catch.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman has reminded
me of the fact that there was an attempt to estab-
lish a daily or tri-weekly line of packets between
the cities of Louisville and St. Louis, and that a
company desired to obtain the contract for carry-
ing the mails at £10,000 per annum, but the sys-
tem of establishing these packet companies has i
been broken up and discontinued.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. That was to
be expected. Such a contract as that could not be
carried out, because the distance was so great.
Where a boat undertakes to run regularly a dis- 1
tanee of five or six hundred miles it is almost im-
possible to secure certainty and regularity. The
river should be divided into sections.
j means whereby he can put his hands into the !
| Treastvry. The public money ought to be applied j
j to other purposes. j
Mr. MARSHALL. The proposition of my
i friend from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] is not new
to me, but, in my opinion, its adoption would be
|i unjvise. It is a proposition which a great many per-
r sons in the West have cherished, and I believe it
li constitutesoneoftheresolutionsofthewesterncon-
vention which assembled at Evansville, in Indiana,
during the last Fall. I have thought of it a good
deal, and my deliberations upon it have concluded
my mind against it. The basis of the proposition
is this: The line.from New Orleans to Louisville
being too long for the transportation of the mail
thereon with regularity and dispatch, the proper
remedy is to subdivide the line into sections, and
to compel the Postmaster General to let to contract
each of these subdivisions. The suggestion of
the member from Tennesse is to make five sec-
tions: 1st. Louisville to Evansville; 2d. Evans-
ville to Cairo; 3d. Cairo to Memphis; 4th. Mem-
phis to Yicksburg; and 5th. Vicksburg to New
Orleans.
The admission of the great expense at first,
was to have been . expefcted df the candor of the
gentleman, but his expectation that competition
will bring down that expense ultimately, I do not
think would be realized by experience. The
difficulty presented to my mind is this: You can-
Mr. PHELPS. It is impossible to have any not put steam stock afloat merely to perform mail
regularity on the Mississippi and. Ohio rivers, ex-
cept between Louisville and Cincinnati; and in the
summer season it is impossible to have regularity .
even there, because when the river is low the boats '
often get aground, and the snags obstruct the navi- '
gat ion. I do not see any other system that can be
adopted for carrying the mails on the western
waters but the present system. But I am informed
t y a gentleman of experience in this House that it
has been found a difficult matter to set fast boats to
carry the mails upon the rivers. .Why is this? It is
because the river mail is required to and start stop
at intermediate points, and fast boats that are well !
loaded with freight do not want to stop. I not j
disposed in any way to oppose that which would
increase the mail facilities in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi. I would contribute in any manner to
anything which would expedite the transmission
of "mail matter, or which would add to the effi-
ciency of the service performed. I think that if
he desires to accomplish that object, that the Post-
master General already possesses the power, and
his amendment is therefore unnecessary.
I merely wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the .prices at which this mail service is
performed at five or six different places upon the
stream to which the gentleman's amendment ap-
plies. I said I thought that the cost of the service
would be ten times what it costs at present. Be-
tween Louisville and Cincinnati it is carried for
§10,500. But I recollect that, four or five years
ago, between these cities, in consequence of com-
petition, it was taken at an annual compensation
of $3,500. Why is it that it now costs #10,500?
It is because there is but one company, which mo-
nopolizes all the bade between those places.
I say, then, that there is no necessity for this
provision, and I hope it will not be adopted.
If I look to the phraseology of his amendment,
I find that the Postmaster General is required to
contract for cairving the mails between Louis-
ville and New Orleans, by such line of steamboats
rectly on touching at only one or two points—the
other delivers to the villages on the river side.
The Postmaster General has acceded to my re-
quest, a direction to the mail agent at Louisville to
enhance the price to §100 per trip, if necessary to
secure the speediest transmission of the mails. If
we could induce him to put all the service at the
like rate, availing himself of the whole steam
stock afloat on the Ohio and Mississippi, a great
benefit to the service would be secured as well as
an increase to the accommodations of the people.
I do not think the plan of the member from Ten-
nessee will work advantageously. The Depart-
ment did enter into a contract for the transporta-
tion of the mail from Louisville to St. Louis at
$10,000, but the contractors utterly failed to ren-
der satisfaction, and the contract has been an-
nulled. It would be so, in all probability, with
the contracts to which the member from Tennes-
see would compel the Postmaster General. Steam-
boat owners have not such a number of vessels oil
the western gyaters in the hands of any particular
interest, as to authorize the expectation that any
firm could make a contract relying upon its own
stock for the service. If the contractor must rely
on the general shipping, the Department may per-
form the service through its agent as economi-
cally as the contractor, relying on the same re-
this id
service; the basis of all steamboat enterprise must
be the pursuit of legitimate commerce between
different sections; the service on the river must
pursue commerce, and any other basis for it will
i prove unsatisfactory and extravagant.
What would induce an intelligent capitalist to
run a line of steamboats from Cairo to Memphis
in the present state of that country ? What com-
modities do Cairo and Memphis exchange with
each other ? What number of passengers depart-
ing from either point desires to stop at the other ?
The total of such a commerce would not sustain
1 a steamboat in the trade a single season. How
i does the gentleman propose to run a lipe between
I them? By contract for mail service. What
| amount would it cost the Department ? I have
i no idea that it could be procured from responsible
: contractors for a daily service or even a tri-weekly
i service for less than $30,000. The committee will
, see at once this will not answer. Should the point
of increased expenditure be met, there is another
objection. Subdivide the line into sections and
, make it the duty to supply the small towns and
post offices regularly, and your great southern
mail must be detained unnecessarily along the
path to its destination, by being controlled by
every village postmaster. tMrectly the complaint
of this would come loud and long from the mer-
cantile community at the commercial centres. If
" the lines" belong to the same persons, the whole
would be no more or less than a service subdivi-
ded so as to multiply the contracts and to enhance
the price of the whole; if they should be in differ-
ent hands the service would be compelled to wait '
upon the commercial adventures of each line— I
boats would miss their regular hours and the mail |
would lie over on the road, making the state of j
confusion worse than it is at present. ,
I believe that the plan of the Department is best. !
I think it will not be advisable to contract for the
mail from New Orleans to Louisvttle at all; but, on .
. the contrary, it will prove preferable that the De- j
as shall be established for the purpose, with the j partment, through the mail agents at each end of
 —: :.i 1—ti  tJ,e line, shall avail itself at remunerating prices
of the swiftest, safest, and best boats in the trade,
to ship the mail and to land it at places specified
in the schedule by which the masters contract for
the performance of the service, making the ameunt
of their contract payable when they shall present :
the receipts of postmasters of intermediate points,
showing the actual performance of the service con-
tracted for. The difficulty has been thus far two-
fold. First, £he prices offered were not remuner-
ating to the carrier for his actual labor. Second,
7
foi
capacity of running with regularity. The construc-
tion that will be given to that, will be, that the first
line that is established, whether the boats be fast
or not, the Postmaster General is required to con-
tract with them; and thus a monopoly is estab-
lished. Throw the thing open to honest compe-
tition , and let all who desire have an opportunity
of offering to carry the mails.
Mr. STANTON. I am quite willing there
t io«ld be fair competition.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman seems to be
y j.v±i. a. j. a. w. iciiwvuwu Dcciuo vu uc ELllII^j; IU lllc utlricl I'Jr inn ai iuai lauui • wcvwhu
jggyilling to accept the amendment I have suggested, !' the transmission of the mail has not been suffi
fcut I did not propose to offer it as an amendment. • - - ■ ......
T have seen too many of these jobs done for Con-
gress not to know that there is more rascality
covered up in these contracts, more plunder of the
Treasury, than is accomplished in all the other
branches of public service put together. A man
comes here and asks for a job, no matter what it
ciently frequent to answer the wants of commu-
nity.
The economy of this great Government is ex-
hibited most when service westward is proposed.
Until Mr. Hall came into office, and for some time
thereafter, the price offered to steamboats was $20
for two of the mails, and $60 for others from
is, and as soon as he gets it, uses it only as a H New Orleans to Louisville. The one passes di-
source. I see nothing in this idea of letting the
contracts but a plan which is to result in continued
confusion and dissatisfaction.
I have thought it proper to submit these sug-
gestions, that my views may be understood by the
western people who are interested in this matter.
I will not agree to plunge the Department into any
unnecessary expense. I will remark that I am not
by any means satisfied with the existing mail ar-
rangements between the towns on the Lower Ohio,
the Mississippi, and the city of Louisville, and I
desire a geat deal more service there. I want adaily
line established between Henderson, Evansville,
and Louisville. I believe the commerce will sup-
port such a line; and whenever such a line shall
be established for the prosecution of business, I
hope the Postmaster General will not hesitate to
order the mail service between those points to af-
ford means of intercourse as rapid and frequent as
could be desired.
The fact is, Mr. Chairman, that the people of
the valleys of the Ohio and Mississippi have been
too much neglected, and are too frequently met by
a cry of economy When there is no economy prac-
ticed towards other sections, to rest longer under
the grievance than they shall have ability to re-
dress it. They have no care as to the particular
mode in which their mail facilities shall be extend-
ed. The people take no care as to whether the
plan shall be to contract, or to leave the duty and
responsibility with the Department, of affording,
through its agents, a regular and satisfactory ser-
vice. But, sir, when we see extraordinary efforts
on this side-of the mountains to give dispatch'to
mails—when we see $70,000 spent to run a mail
from Aquia creek to {this city—when we see the
system of marine partnerships in which this Gov-
ernment is constantly entering with firms to run
steamboats from American ports to foreign ports,
creating thereby rather languid Government mo-
nopolies than stimulating the general commerce of
the Republic, we think it is time that some of this
liberality should be directed to the western waters,
upon which voyages are performed nearly as long
as those across the Atlantic, and by the borders of
which reside industrious and thrifty American com-
munities who pay their share to the maintenance
of this Government both in peace and war. I will
not detain the committee longer at present, but I
shall present a plan hereafter for the increase of
the mail service on the Ohio and Mississippi.
Mr. ALBERTSON said: There is no import-
ant mail service in the country that has been so
badly attended to and arranged as the service
between Louisville and Evansville, at the mouth
of the Wabash, and I presume that it is the same
all the way down the river. And allow me here
to say, that whenever there has been any attempt
made here to regulate this matter, it is the univer-
sal complaint that some such objection as that
offered by my friend from Kentucky, has been
advanced. I am sorry that he has not taken up
and supported this measure.
Let me say, that the contractors that have here-
tofore had the contract for carrying the mails be-
tween Louisville and Evansville, as far down as
