634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
my district, have failed altogether to meet the
expectations of the people on the river. I have
received a letter from tne postmaster at Canaan,
who informs me that notwithstanding they were
entitled to seven mails per week, they never got
more than three. So that there was no regularity.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would ask my friend
how another contract would be beneficial? His
contractors have failed.
Mr. ALBERTSON. Something must and should
be done; although I do not think that this irregular-
ity is at all the fault of the Postmaster General, or
postmaster, as I believe they have done all they
could. During the recess, a gentleman engaged
in manufactures in the West, informed me that he
had to wait six days for a letter, as it took that
time for the mail to get from Louisville to Canaan,
a (^stance of only seventy-eight miles. And let
me say to my friend from Kentucky, that the plan |
he has proposed for mail service between New
Orleans and Louisville, has never benefited the ;
villages on the river, at least so far as my district
is concerned. And let me tell this committee that
there is no section of this country that is so rap-
idly increasing in population, and that these vil-
lages are constantly springing up. Now, if you
give the mails to those splendid boats that run
from New Orleans to Louisville, what will be the
result? Why that these smaller points will be
overlooked—they will not stop to deliver the mails.
Something, as I have said, should be done to
remedy this, and I do not know what will more
effectually do this than the plan proposed by my
friend from Tennessee. I think that his plan is
decidedly the best that has been proposed. Look i
at the service between Cincinnati and Louisville.
There is no mail service in the country more ir-
regularly attended to than that between those
places. Here is a section of country almost en-
tirely overlooked, and appeals have been made to
the Postmaster General, requesting him to reme-
dy, and he has attempted to do it.
Mr. STANTON. I desire merely to say that
since I have been in this Congress ( have received
my mails with no approach to regularity; I generally
receive a whole week's mail in one bundle, and
sometimes for a longer time—and sometimes I
do not get my mails for twenty days. What is the
reason of this ? It is because on the river routes
the mails are sent from point to point by transient
boats. Public attention has been called to this
subject, and my attention has been called to the
fact by a public meeting which has lately been
held at Memphis for the purpose of demanding
that the mail service shall be placed upon a differ-
ent-footing from what it has been heretofore.
I have no friend interested in the matter—no con-
stituent that I imagine wishes to get the contract;
I have no such object in view—my only object is
that the mail service should be placed on the best
possible footing. And I agree with my friend that
some such basis as that proposed would be best.
Mr. ALBERTSON. I know nothing of the
contract, and I do not know that 1 have any friend
who desires to get a contract. The reason that
the present system works badly is in part owing
to the fact that the postmaster at Louisville would
go and make the lowest contract he could for taking
each mail, perhaps paying ten dollars for each.
Now these irregularities in the mail service is a
crying evil in the country; something should be
done, and I call upon western members to assert
and demand their rights.
The Clerk then reported the first item of the bill.
" For compensation of three Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral, clerks, messengers, assistant messengers, and watch-
men,'of said Department, $95,000.''
Mr. CARTT'ER said: I move to reduce the
amount of that appropriation to $75,000; and I do
it for the purpose of bringing before the committee
and the country an abuse that is very little under-
stood, and that is increasing to an alarming ex-
tent. Any gentleman of the committee who will
look at the Postmaster General's report for the
current fiscal year, will find that there are one hun-
dred and fifty-three mail messengers employed in
the State of New York alone. The Government
in the first place enters into mail contracts with
different contractors for conveying the mails from
post office to post office, they employ what are
denominated route agents to superintend th? safety
of the mails on the way, and without authority,
and without even apology, on the ground of ne-
cessity. There are in the single State of New
York alone, one hundred and fifty-three mail mes- [
sengers. Will some gentleman, agreeing with the |
present Administration, be good enough to tell the
committee what are the labors in whicn these mes-
sengers are employed ? AVill he define their duties
and explain to the country the necessity of these
one hundred and fifty-three mail messengers in the
State of New York? The messengers about the
departments here are subordinates, servants to the
clerks and the head of the department. Their busi-
ness is to carry matters from one Department to
another, and to perform the menial services of
those Departments. But why should there be scat-
tered through the State of New York one hundred
and fifty-three messengers?
Mr. PHCENIX. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman whether he has applied to the Post Office
Department for the information?
Mr. CARTTER. That is not answering my
question, and I did not yield the floor for any
Yankeeism to evade it. I did not expect, when I
asked the friends of the Administration to explain
to the country why this horde of political wranglers
through New York State should be fed out of the
public Treasury, to.be answered by the intelligent
interrogatory, have you inquired at the Post Office
Department? Yes, sir, you have the Postmaster
General, his deputies scattered through the State i! men of said Department,
ofNew York, mail contractors, twenty-three mail ,j superintendent of the Post
to advance but to obstruct the free exercise of in-
dividual sentiments. .
Now, sir, we are engaged in a process of cheap-
ening the postage service. We have already reduced
it to the lowest living standard. It is conceded on
all hands that we have reduced it to a point where
its self-existence is more than problematical, where
nobody expects that its current revenues will sus-
tain it. And here you find the Administration,
while proposing this very reduction for the public
welfafe, making an exhibit of an increase of Ex-
ecutive patronage of two hundred per cent, in a
single Department of this service in a single year.
Now I have no objection to Mr. Fillmore's over-
coming Mr. Seward, if he has got the talent to do
it. I have no objection to his doing it; but I want
him to do it on his own merits, and not to employ
the public Treasury to crush his rival. That is,
in my humble judgment, the whole secret of this
New York patronage movement.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I move to strike out from the
first line to the thirty-third line inclusiv.e, as fol-
lows:
" For compensation of three assistant Postmasters Gene-
ral, clerks, messengers, assistant messengers, and watcb-
95,900.
route agents, and now, superadded to that, one
hundred and fifty-three mail messengers in the
same State—an office unknown to the law.
Mr. THURMAN. Does thegentleman puthis
interrogatory for the purpose of obtaining inform-
ation ?
Mr. CARTTER. Yes; I do.
Mr. THURMAN. I will then inform the gen-
tleman that these messengers are appointed to
: carry the mails wherever the distance from the
railroad dep6t to the post-office exceeds eighty
rods. It is not optional with the Postmaster Gen-
eral to appoint these men, but it is indispensably
necessary according to law.
Mr. CARTTER. Well, sir, if the committee
will give me their attention for a moment, I will
show them how perfectly idle that answer is, and
how utterly unfounded in fact. In 1849, the
number of mail messengers in the State of New
York was fifty-three; in 1850 it is one hundred
and fifty-three.
Mr. THURMAN. There are new railroads
constantly going intq operation in the State of
New York, ana the increase of the number of,
messengers is attributable to that fact. I
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman says that i
the increase of mail routes from 1849 to 1850 has |
; made it necessary to raise this tribe of mail mes-
sengers from fifty-three to one hundred and fifty-
" For compensation of temporary clerks, $1,000.
" For conUngent expenses of said Department, viz :
" For blank books, binding, stationery, fuel for the Gen-
eral Post Office building, oil, gas, and candles, printing, la-
bor, and day watchmen, $9,700.
" For miscellaneous items, $800.
" For repairs of the General Post Office building, for
office furniture, glazing, and whitewashing, $1,500.
" For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Office De-
partment, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant mes-
senger, in his office, $103,200.
" For contingent expenses, viz : blank books, binding,
stationery, labor, prinUng, blanks, circulars, and fijniture,
$9,200."
Mr. P. said : I do not wish to detain this com-
mittee by any remarks, but I wish to call gen-
tlemen's attention to the fact, that in charging these
expenses to the Post Office Department, we are
doing what has never been done before since the
formation of this Government. This bill provides
that the sums appropriated for the service of the
Post Office Department shall be paid by the reve-
nues of the Department—the compensation of
three Assistant Postmasters General, and all the
expenses of the management of the General Post
Office in this city. I would also call attention to
the fact, that last year a similar provision was con-
tained in this bill; that is to say, the appropriation
was made in the same way, but at that time the
committee voted it out by a majority of two to
These appropriations for the Post Office De-
three; that is to say, that the railroad routes in the i partment have always, heretofore, been placed in
State of New York have increased two hundred ] the civil and diplomatic bill. If, therefore, it be
per cent, in twelve months, for that is the propor- ! stricken out of this bill, it will go back where it
tion of the increase. Now I know something of ! has always hitherto been placed , and it is with this
the history of railroads in the Stateof New York, object that I have moved^to strike out the portion
and I know that that is not true. There is not a
word of truth in it. But there is an explanation
of this matter which it is more than probable is the
true one, and to it I should take no exception if
they would only support their political minions
that I have mentioned. I hope the committee un-
stands the question, and I have nothing more to
say, except that in voting to pay this appropriation
out of the general Treasury, instead of appro-
priating the Post Office revenues, that it is Tbut a
out of a political fund, instead of out of the public j, just arrangement, as the local post office is but for
Treasury. There has been a strife going on for a I the accommodation of the whole people. It is just
as we appropriate sums of money out of the gen-
Treasury. There has been a strife gom,
year or so past, in the State of New York, be-
tween two factions of the Whig party , based upon
a rivalry between two Whig politicians. One
party was first in power, and he employed all the
patronage he could get to bolster up his faction in
New York; but " a change came o'er the spirit of
eneral Treasury to support the Army and Navy,
because they are required for the defence of - the
whole people.
Mr. BAYLY. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio. The object of the
his dreim:" he went out, and the other party came , Committee of Ways and Means in putting the ap'
in, and now, for the purpose of rivaling his ad- propriation for the support of the General Post
versary, he, too, is supporting a number of his Office here, into the Post Office bill, to take it out
friends out of the general Treasury to administer of the revenues of the Department, is to set more
to a local squabble. The political factions of New clearly before the country the real expenses of the
York are thus supporting their rivalry out of the ] Post Office Department. This will enable the peo-
general Treasury; and hence you, see this enor- pie of the country to see distinctly how much is
mous increase in one class of officers in the course paid out of the general Treasury, and how muc
of a single year. - is paid by the Post Office Department proper. ^
Now, Mr. Chairman, if this state of things is The effort has been made ever since * Te .
to continue during the remainder of the life-time of 1 in Congress to mislead the country as to e a
this Administration, what will be the condition of ual expenditures of the Post Office ^Je.P*r . ■
our country when we get rid of it? YourTreas- Here are $200,000 and upwards, wnic g
ury will be bankrupt, and the face of the Republic ., mately belong to that Department, that havea way
will be spotted over with the minions and miscre- been paid out of the public Treasury. An y
ants of powerput into offices in every quarter of the in all the reports emanating from the 1 lepartm .
country by the Executive, employed not to do i in which they undertake to satisfy the coun y
public service, but to corrupt the public mind—not }| that the Post Office Department is more than s
