638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
the whole western country, one tenth of the let-
ters from mercantile men 011 the Mississippi river
are now carried outside of the mails. You can
never get them into the mails until you give them
something like mail facilities, or something that is
worthy of being called by that name. I
Mr. ALBERTSON, (interjiosing.) If the gen- I
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] will allow
me, I would simply remark, that my attention.was
called to this fact, by information which 1 have re-
ceived from wholesale merchants in New Orleans.
Instead of putting their letters into the mails, they
five them to individuals, who carry them to their
eatination.
Mr. STANTON. I know that to be the fact
to a very great extent
Mr. STRONG, (interposing.) I desire to ask
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
whether it is a proper place in this bill to regu-
late the number of mails a week that shall be car-
ried throughout the United States over the exist-
ing routes ?
Mr. STANTON. Since some allusion has
been made, in the course of the debate, to affect
the branch of the mail serv ice connected with the
mail steamers, I am sorry that I have not had an
opportunity of saying anything upon the subject..
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURT. I think it must be obvious to the
committee, that the amendment of the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] is of
the most extraordinary character. It seeks to
make an appropriation for an object which the
Postmaster General has submitted no estimate
for whatever. More than that, it seeks to do the
most extraordinary thing, that of directing, by an
act of Congress, that officer in the performance of
his public duties. Now, sir, I must say that I am
unwilling, in any case, unless the most flagrant
necessity shall be made manifest for it, to direct,
by the mandatory act of this House, one officer of
this Government to do an act which, in his opin-
ion, it is inexpedient for him to do. That is the
whple question, sir. There are routes, I have no
doubt, in many of the States of this Union, which
could be established, which would conduce very
much to the public convenience, and which mem-
bers of Congress would extremely desire to see
established and put into operation. There are
such in my own section-of the country. Who
„ ever heard of such a monstrous proposition as
that Congress should issue its mandate to the
Postmaster General, directing him to do what he
thinks is not required by the public service, and
which, in his opinion, it is hignly inexpedient to
do? I trust that the committee will not for a mo-
ment entertain this proposition, however conve-
nient it HUty be to the constituents of the honorable
gentlemen who represent them upon this floor. ,
As to these gentlemen, I cannot help commending i
the zeal with which they look after the interests
of their constituents; but those of us who are sit-
uated differently have other duties to perform,
and I trust we shall perform them.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the committee rise.
[Loud cries of "No!" "no!"]
A division being demanded, the question was
then taken, and resulted—ayes 30, noes 89.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BO WLIN* offered an amendment to the
amendment, to insert the words "St. Louis"
immediately preceding "Louisville."
Mr. Chairman, if this amendment is to pass,
there is as much necessity for this mail connection
at St. Louis as there is for any other town in the
West, as it is one of the largest commercial towns
and one of the most important in the whole West.
If the connection is made by putting in these
words, the Postmaster General is enabled to make
the connection at Cairo, on the line leading from
Louisville to New Orleans, distant about two
hundred miles from St. Louis. I trust if the
amendment is to pass, that the amendment which
I have offered may be adopted, in order to secure
the benefits of this route to St. Louis.
Mr. MEADE. If St. Louis is to be added, let
me also add " Wheeling to Pittsburg."
Mr. BO WLIN. I ao not apprehend the wit of
the gentleman in taking those towns which are
not connected with St. Louis.
Mr. HAMPTON. Tnere is a daily mail from
Pittsburg and Wheeling to Louisville. • ;
Mr. BO WLIN. By inserting these words you
establish a line from St. Louis to New Orleans,
and you impose upon St. Louis the duty of run-
ning a similar line, connecting with the line at
Cairo which connects the Louisville and New Or-
leans. St. Louis, as I have already remarked, is
one of the most important cities of the West, and
if you are to increase the appropriation for mail
service which will benefit other cities of the West,
she is equally entitled to a share in the benefits
which will accrue from increased mail facilities.
She is certainly a more prominent commercial city
than any of the West, and 1 think she ought not
to be neglected.
Mr. BAYLY said: I do not mean to say that
all the estimates which come from the Department
ought to be adopted as a matter of course; but I
do not know of anything which is more unsafe
than for this House to undertake to force upon
the Department a larger amount of money than
they have asked for. Gentlemen tell us this does
not dictate to the Post Office Department. Now,
nobody who understands the effect of this amend-
ment can doubt that it is purely an administrative
measure. There is already a mail route, and if it
is proper that the quality of that service should
be increased, doubtless the Postmaster General
will do it. This is not an administrative branch
of Government, and I do not think we ought
to set ourselves as dictators upon what we have
no legal right to dictate.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bowlin's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment as amendment.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved to insert in the
amendment Prior's Point, Delta, and Bolivia.
Mr. F. said; I have proposed this amendment
in order that there may be nothing left to the dis-
cretion of the Postmaster General. If gentlemen
intend that a sum of money shall be appropriated
for the transportation of the mail between these
given points, and the object is to supply the offi-
ces upon both sides of the river with mail facili-
ties, it is important that those places which I
have provided for in my amendment should be
inserted; for the proposition as it now stands
leaves it discretionary with the Postmaster Gen-
eral whether to insert these places or not. There
are from twenty to forty offices on the Missis-
sippi river which will be omitted as the proposi-
tion now stands, and which ought to be embraced
if the proposition is adopted. I suppose the ob-
ject of the proposition is to furnish these offices
with regular mail facilities, and I offer this amend-
ment that nothing may be left to the Postmaster
General's discretion—that the proposition may
carry its object upon its face.
| Mr. MARSHALL said: I am opposed to the
j amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi,
I [Mr. Featherston.] I do not wish to be misun-
j derstood by the committee, and do not intend to
be misunderstood by the country in relation to
this matter, and it is on this account that I offer
these few remarks.
This proposition has been denominated by the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] as
monstrous, yet, in my opinion he cannot draw the
distinction between the transportation of the mail
in steamships from New York to Liverpool and
the transportation of the mail in steam vessels from
Louisville to New Orleans. I think it will require
more than the ingenuity even of the astute gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to make
out the distinction.
I have already stated the basis upon which the
service is fixed. We are told that this is an ad.-
ministrative measure, and that we must let the
Postmaster General, according to his judgment,
control the whole matter. But as long as we have
not the power—and God grant that the day may
come when we shall have the power—to affect
legislation here, the wants of the people in the
western country will go uncared for. My prop-
osition is to tell the Postmaster General, by the
appropriation which we shall make in this bill,
what is the wish of Congress in relation to the mat-
ter, and then leave it for him to say whether he
will carry out the designs of Congress or not.
I will mention another fact. It is in relation to
the manner in which the account current has been
made out in that Department. If gentlemen will
examine this account current, they will find 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment by
striking out "100,000" and inserting "425,000."
Mr. J. said: This proposition is to direct the
carrying of the mails from St. Louis and from
Louisville to New Orleans, making about two
thousand miles of post route over which the mail
is to be carried. It is the object, I believe, of this
amendment to get a daily inn.il service upon these
lines both ways—a daily steamboat service both
ways. Under existing laws the Postmaster Gen-
eral is authorized to contract for the carrying of
themailsupon this line. Fordaily, first class steam-
boat service he can give two hundred and twelve
dollars per mile. I think, then, sir, that lie ought
to be authorized to expend more than $100,000 in
contracting for the mail service from St. Louis and
Louisville to New Orleans if this daily service is
to be impliedly ordered, for if the Postmaster Gen-
eral contracts, as he is authorized to contract, for
the mail service at $212 per mile, it will make
about the sum of $425,000. Now, I think if this
authority is to be given to the Postmaster General,
that we might so appropriate the amount which I
have named in my amendment. If this is to be
done, let us do it in the face of day, and show to
the world that we understand something about
what we are doing. Every foot of this line is now
a post route, upon which the Postmaster General
has the right to establish monthly or semi-monthly,
weekly or semi-weekly, or daily or semi-daily mail
lines as he may think proper. Now, if we are to
establish a policy of prescribing the amount of
service which is to be contracted for on any route,
we may go on prescribing until we have reached
every horse route in the whole country.
M!r. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I call the
gentleman to order. He is making two speeches,
one for and the other against his amendment.
Mr. JONES. I have a right to explain my
own amendment. I say that if we commence pin-
scribing the kind of service on any mail route
there will be no end to this prescription. The
Postmaster General now has ample authority to
give all mail facilities which are needed in every
part of the country, and I do not think we have
any right to meddle with the matter.
Mr. PENN stated, in repljjjto Mr. Jones, that
instead of the service for a daily mail from Louis-
ville to New Orleans costing $400,000, it could be
done for $86,800, including fourteen mail messen-
gers, which can be shown by the following state-
ment: The best boats can be employed to take
the mails from Louisville to New Orleans, and
from New Orleans to Louisville, stopping at all
intermediate points, for $100 per trip, which would
produce the following result: Fifty-two trips the
year at $100 amounts to $72,800, and fourteen
mail messengers, being seven each way going up
and down the river, at $1,000 each, making $14,-
000, and the total sum of f86,800 for the whole
service of a daily mail upon the plan now pro-
I posed
Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] as amended by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Bowlin,] and it was not agreed to.
! Mr. PUTNAM offered the following amend-
ment, and remarked, that although it might meet
with the same summary disposition as several
I before it had done, he would say that it con-
! tained a sentiment which he trusted would ere long
be presented in a distinct proposition, and which
would have the effect of doing away with the evils
of the monopoly which prevails in the present sys-
tem of mail service:
Sec. — -And be if further enacted, That from and after
the first day of July, 1852, all the contracts made and en-
tered into tor the transportation of the mail by ocean steam-
ships, under the act of Congress passed March 3d, 1847,
and under the provisions of any subsequent similar actsof
Congress, shall cease their operation, and be mill and void;
and thereupon the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized to settle with the contractors, and agree upon and li-
quidate the amount of damages, or compensation to be paid
for the rescinding the said contracts: Provided, however,
Kueh settlement shall be approved by the President of the
United State's; and when approved, the amounts shall oe
paid ont of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
" Bec. Jindbe it further, enacted, That if a settlement
cannot be effected as provided in the last preceding section,
then the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to take
into his possession the said steamships for the exclusive use
and service of the United States; proceeding according to
the mods specified in the several contracts for ascertaining
