642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
Navy, but we intend to save the expense of build-
ing it, of furnishing it, of manning it. We would
dismantle it, and lay up our ships in ordinary. I
would not keep more than two or three frigates
afloat, to be used against pirates if necessary. I
would save to the people at least eight millions
out of the ten millions of dollars now annually
thrown away on the navy. Those officers who
have been living on shore in luxury and idleness
for five, ten, twenty, or thirty years, supported by
the laboring men of the nation, 1 would discharge
and permit them to support themselves. I would
do this, rather than erect forts to protect them,
and the ships to which they belong. On this sub-
ject of the Navy I accord most fully with the doc-
trines of Mr. Jefferson. In reference to the Navy
I am a " Jejfarsonian Democrat of the most ortho-
dox faith," [a laugh,] and will go as far as any
of his most devoted followers to save this nation
from that vast expenditure to support the bauble
show of a navy, which now, like a great mael-
strom, is swallowing up the revenues of the
country.
But the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means says, that in the Gulf of Mexico we
find the strong castle of "San Juan de IJlua,"
of the Mexicans, and the "Moro" castle of the
Spaniards, and the British fortifications of their
islands; and he therefore urges the fortifications
upon the Gulf proposed in this bill. Well, sir,
could that gentleman have possibly pointed us to
more useless piles of mud and stone? They have
been erected at vast expense, and are now as use-
less as the mountains around them.
But, sir, in my system of political economy I
discard the examples of the wom-out, feeble, and
decayed monarchy of Spain, as well as those of
the semi-civilized Mexicans. Our Government
and institutions, our people, and our policy as a
nation, have distinguished us from them, and from
other nations of the earth. Here, sir, every citi-
zen shares in the sovereignty of the nation. Each
is directly and personally interested in the support
of Government, in the protection of our soil, in
defending the nation. We possess within our-
selves at all times the inherent power of protect-
ing and defending the nation at all points, and
against any nation—nay, against all the nations of
the earth combined.
But this system of fortifications can never be
extended across our three thousand miles of
northern frontier. Upon the entire border of my
own State we have not a fort, nor do we ask for
the erection of such a monument to the folly of
this age. Within my own district is the most
beautiful commercial city of the Lakes. I would
oppose the erection of a fort there. No, sir, give
us harbors to protect our ships from the winds of
heaven, from the storms which sweep over our
lake*, and we will protect them ana ourselves
against our enemies, should we have any.
But while we do justice to other nations, there
is not the most remote probability of war; and if
by any unforeseen circumstances we shall find
ourselves involved in war, our forts will be use-
less—nay, worse than useless; and I hope the
system may be abandoned before we squander I
more treasure upon them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois said: The gentleman t
who represents the iron and coal interests of Penn- ;
sylvania, entertained us the other day with a
speech upon the tariff. He was on that occasion
the special champion of the coal and iron interest.
He would like to destroy the tariff of 1846, and
on its ruins erect a higher rate of duties. At the [
same time that he thus appeared as the special
champion of iron and coal, he said he was very
anxious that such a modification of the present i
tariff should be made as would embrace all the ob- j
jects that stood in need of legislative aid. This j
was very kind of him, and very generous, so far j
as his invitation to a log-rolling festival; but it
•eems that when the day appointed arrived, most
of the invited guests did not attend.
Mr. VAN DYKE rose to a point of order.
The gentleman from Illinois was not speaking to
the subject before the committee, but to a totally
different one.
Mr. HARRIS inquired the decision of the ,
Chair, and said he would acquiesce in it whatever i
it might be.
The CHAIRMAN said, that in accordance j
with recent decisions of the committee, although j
contrary to its usual practice, the Chair must sus-
tain the point of order. The gentleman from Illi-
nois could appeal from that decision if so in-
clined.
Mr. HARRIS. I shall not appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, but I want to see it adhered
to. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. H amp-
ton] was permitted to speak in favor of a tariff in
Committee of the Whole. The gentleman from
New Jersey, who, I believe, agrees with him upon
that question, now objects to my proceeding. The
decisions of the committee have been constantly
varying; but if it is now adhered to I shall be satis-
fied; and I hope it will conduce to the advance-
ment of the business of the House. I shall print
what I intended to say, and by that means sub-
mit my views to the House and the country
[See Appendix for Mr. H.'s speech.]
Mr. H. having concluded,
Mr. McLANE said: The remarks of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means upon
this fortification bill, had particularly called at-
tention to the fact that this opposition would
chiefly be directed to new works. But my object
in rising is to reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] wlio seemed to be under the im-
pression that these expenses—the cost of fortifi-
cations—are much larger than they really are.
He is, we all know, periodically alarmed at the
vast amount of the cost of the Army and the
Navy, and the various means of our national de-
fence.
Now, so far as the system of fortifications is
concerned, all concede that if it is to be continued
at all under the direction and patronage of Gov-
ernment, it must be for the defence of those points
in the country where capital and commerce are
concentrated. It is at such points alone that the
system can be said to have any merits. Forts
should be placed at such points for the purpose of
preventing an enemy from taking possession of
them, suddenly by surprise, before the people of
the surrounding country can be called to their de-
fence. These points may have changed, and
spots where old forts exist may not now be so
important as some new localities where works are
now proposed to be erected. When places of im-
portance have grown up in exposed positions, it
is more indispensable to provide new works for
their defence than to continue old forts not defend-
ing equally important points. For instance, if you
were to remove the fort on Pea Patch Island, you
would leave the cities of Baltimore and Philadel-
phia undefended, and exposed to bombardment
and ultimate capitulation, if attacked unprepared.
Every man will admit that it was this fortification
that, during the last war, enabled the militia of
the surrounding cities to successfully resist the
enemv's invasion. So with the Chesapeake fort—
Soller's Point fort. Fort Monroe was a defence
established for the protection of the naval depot
at Norfolk. And in view of the history and ex-
perience of the last war, let us see what we should
conclude. Why the Chesapeake bay was the
harbor of refuge for the enemy during the whole
war; it was only the existence of the forts above
and below the city, that compelled the enemy to
land below, and enabled the militia of Pennsyl-
vania, Maryland, and Virginia, to destroy that
invading army. Nothing but the defences that
existed prevented the city itself from bombard-
ment and capitulation. It was the want of such
defences of the approaches to Washington, that
exposed the capital to disgrace and invasion. If
there had been sufficient defences to prevent the
enemy from landing so near to the city, there would
have been time abundant to concentrate the forces.
But the militia were ignorant of which approach
the enemy would select, for none were properly
defended; and they could not know at what point
the enemy would land.
The true secret that the militia were defeated
here at Bladensburg, that they did not repulse the
enemy, was, that they were not properly prepared,
and did not know where to meet the enemy at
advantage. The militia were the same men that
successfully repulsed the enemy at Baltimore;
but in the latter case deliberation and preparation
characterized the defence, whilst in the former
case, the defence was characterized by surprise
and precipitation. These forts were useful in the
war of 1812, but they are inefficient now. In the
war of 1812 none of the city extended below Fort
McHenry, but now there is property lying both
above and below the fortifications. There are
large depflts of commerce extending below Port
McHenry, and would be, in the event of hostilities,
exposed to invasion and danger.
We have seen that $20,127,025 has been ex-
pended in fortifications, and that $8,045,700 are
required to complete those now in existence.
Baltimore city has had expended upon it about
$146,662 for Fort McHenry. Other cities have
been defended at an expense of from one to three
millions of dollars. It appears to me that to render
the fortifications of Baltimore complete, the fort
on Soller's Point Flats should be completed, and
this can be done at an entire cost, when it shall be
finished, of less than $1,000,000.
The real question in relation to the continuance
of a system of fortification appears to be, that forts
shall De established at such points as are best
adopted and most require such defence, and that
such forts should be adequate to the defence of the
points where they are located. Those points that
require such defence, are undoubtedly the great
commercial cities that are exposed to the danger,
that forts are intended to avert. The naval depots
of the country ought to be defended from attack.
I hope that gentlemen will not destroy this sys-
tem without lookingat its merits, or at least without
having an opportunity of thoroughly examining
into those merits. Let them, after such inquiry
has been made, conclude, and not unadvisedly
destroy a system that appears to me to be abso-
lutely indispensable.
Mr. TOOMBS next obtained the floor, and said:
I am glad to see this disposition on the part of the
House to stop the expenditures of the Government
somewhere; and although not perhaps in the best
place, still it is not a very bad place. It is true,
that appropriations for the completion of these
works at some points might be wisely made; but
this House has no means of ascertaining precisely
where these points are. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has told us that
$60,000 will complete the fortifications at Fort
Monroe. Now, that fortification has been finished
for the last ten years, as much as fortifications can
be finished in this country. The fortification, as
a work of defence, was, I believe, perfect on its
original plan, but I presume they will spend
money upon it as long as they can get it, in making
new quarters for the troops, and so forth.
The radical difficulty of this system is, that we
have to depend upon the corps of engineers for the
information on which we are to base our appropri-
ations. The corps of engineers may be a very
useful body of men, when we have determined to
make a work, to determine as to the best place to
put it; but they are not safe or proper guides as to
what expenditures shall be made, as their object
is to expend money and to increase the expendi-
tures on this branch of the public service. If we
really wish to defend the country by fortifications,
(and I admit that they are useful and necessary at
some points,) we ought not to rely upon those
who are to have the expenditure of the money that
we appropriate. Now, these things are differently
managed elsewhere. In the British Parliament
they raise a committee, and hear both sides before
they make a decision; but here we rely upon the
estimates furnishefl us by the Department itself.
Now as to a general system of fortifying the
country, I believe it to be wrong. I am opposed,
as the House well know, to a general system of
improvements; but if gentlemen intend, as they
have done within a few days past, to expend
money in giving facilities to commerce, I think that
it would be much better and wiser to take it away
from the fortifications, and give it to the public im-
provements of the country. You must stop some-
where. I am opposed to a system of internal im-
provements, chiefly for the want of restrictions on it.
We must retrench somewhere. Begin with the for-
tifications. But gentlemen say that we want these
fortifications. I doubt it. The Duke of Wellington,
it is true, has been trying to frighten the peop eo
England into erecting better fortifications, du
British people, whether wisely orunwiseiy, aug
at him and denied that there was any .
Duke, who is confessedly the greatest cap i ,.
age, wants to build fortifications all round England,
but the British people and the British Parliament
have refused, with all their confidence l ,
tary opinion, to follow his -toi we
have referred to the destruction of the p • .
had forts then, but the British went by another
road and avoided them. So it was at Mexico.
