644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8a,
that the illustrious Duke has erred in the view
which he has given to the public on this subject.
It may be true that England does not require this
system of exterior defences along her sea-board
which he has suggested. But if I have understood
or read aright, the views of the English public in
opposition to this system, it is on the ground that
England has her boasted defence against foreign
assaults in her walls of oak, and in her immense
naval power, which she daily and yearly main-
tains, at such a vast expense, for the protection of
her commerce and her coasts. The question is
asked in that country, wherefore resort to this
Bystem when we have such an immense navy,
which can fortify and defend every accessible
point, whenever the emergency may require it?
And they add, that if this system is to be adopted
there, it would necessarily involve the abandon-
ment of the other mode of defence. But if my
honorable friend can point to an important sea-
port on the coast of England, of France, or of
Spain, or in any other part of Europe, that has
not its military defences, its system of fortifica-
tions maintained at a great expense, I would be
almost willing to abandon both the system and
the argument atone and the same time.
It has been said here that we achieved our in-
dependence, that we solved the problem of our
national liberty without the aid of these defences.
Mr. Chairman, this is a great and a gross mistake.
Does not every gentleman here know, that at the
time when the war of the Revolution broke out,
the attention of Congress was immediately called
to such defences in the country as they were able
to erect in the short time allowed, and with the
limited means which they possessed? Does not
every gentleman know that fortifications were
erected to defend Charlestown and Boston harbor ?
Do they not know that fortifications were erected
in New York for the defence of that city even at
that day ? Can gentlemen who should be fresh in
their reading of the history of the country, forget
the gallant battle of Red Banks, on the Delaware,
and if possible that still more gallant defence of Fort
Moultrie, in the harbor of Charleston, South Caro-
lina ? The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Holmes,] who represents the Charleston district,
asks me, sotto voce, " what about that?" Sir, I
allude to it with pride and pleasure, as one of the
most gallant and memorable achievements in the
military history of the country, but for no other
purpose than to refute thearguments so frequently
advanced here, that at the period of the Revolution
these defences were not thought to be necessary
and were not attempted, and that they are com-
paratively modern notions, even in this our mod-
ern country. It is true that these fortifications
were erected hastily and at as little expense as pos-
sible, at a time when the country was limited and
crippled in its resources, and when we were weak
ana deficient in every means of defence, except in
those glorious impulses which prompted every
patriotic heart to risk everything for liberty and
Independence, and to defend the sacred soil of our
country against the footsteps of foreign invaders.
Mr. Chairman, there is no one who entertains a
higher regard for the gentleman from Georgia than
I do, personally; but he now presents himself in
the attitude of a military reformer, and it is a fate
that cannot be overlooked, that he is found in a
strange conjunction just at this time and on this
important measure.
Sir, let us endeavor to arrest this spirit, this fa-
tal, this delusive, this innovating and subversive
spirit, which seems to be abroad and at work in
ell parts of the country. It behooves us to pause
and reflect whether those who founded our Gov-
ernment, whether those who achieved our liber-
ties, whether those self-same patriots who origina-
ted this system of defence, were wrong in this, or
wrong in any other particular. The longer I live
and the more I observe of the course and current
of public events transpiring around us, the more
am I convinced of the wisdom of those men in
every act of their public lives, and the more am I
disposed to pause and hesitate when it is proposed
recklessly to abandon that which they recommend-
ed, and which they adopted. I am ready to con-
fess that I possess no scientific knowledge on this
subject. Yet it strikes me that it must be appa-
rent to every gentleman, that in the present condi-
tion of our country, and particularly in the pres-
ent state of our large cities, which have greatly
creased, and are daily increasing still more, in- ,
stead of abandoning this system we should adhere i|
to it the more pertinaciously. >
But I do not understand my honorable friend '
from Georgia to oppose such appropriations as are :
necessary to carry on works that are already be- I
gun, and on which considerable sums have al- i
ready been expended. On the contrary, I under- ,
stand him partially to admit that there may be some i
policy and wisdom in making such appropriations j
as are necessary for works of this character; and i
while I take advantage of this rather grudging j
admission on his part, I wish to return my ac- !
knowledgements for even this concession. j
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and !
Means [Mr. Bayly] took occasion to allude to a j
fortification in which a large number of my con- i
stituents are immediately interested. I allude to j
the appropriation of $50,000 for Fort Delaware, j
on the Pea Patch Island. If it had not been that |
that appropriation was imperatively called for by j
the condition of the defences of that river, in
which both my own State and the States of Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey are interested; if it was
not that they are all deeply and vitally interested
in this small and limited appropriation, 1 should
not feel it my duty at this time to trespass for a
single moment on the attention of the committee;
for I do not rise merely to make a speech or to ex-
press such views as I individually entertain on this ;
subject, but to make known the sentiments and
expectations of those whom I represent on this
floor, and who are so deeply interested in this ap-
propriation. Now I will say what, perhaps, may
not have occurred to the mind of any gentleman,
that not only is the defence of the Delaware ne-
cessary to protect the three States that I have al-
ready named, and the city of Philadelphia from
sudden assaults by the armed marine of any of
the great maritime Powers of the world, but it is
a fact which ought to be known, that a solitary
frigate or sloop of war could command the whole
of that great chain of communication, the railroad ,
between the northern and the southern extremes of
our country—that great and continuous line of (
communication by railroad, extending from this i
city to New York and Boston, and even to the ■
extreme North. Gentlemen who have traveled '
upon it cannot have failed to observe that it runs
for miles immediately along the banks of the river !
Delaware, and, in military phrase, is commanded
by it, so that a fleet, or even a single frigate, sta-
tioned at certain points on that line, could entirely
check and arrest all communication by means of it.
It is true that there are other routes in the interior,
but for the speedy transportation of munitions of
war and of troops for the defence of the country,
if necessary, that great chain of communication
is, perhaps, as important to the country as a dozen
forts along the seaboard, and that speedy commu-
nication will be liable to be interrupted at any mo-
ment without this defence of Fort Delaware.
But, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding we .live
in an age of reform and progress, when the bold
and radical spirit of the day does not hesitate to
lay its ruthless hand on everything, however sanc-
tified by time, or confirmed by science and ex-
Serience; yet I believe I can say that the many i
onorable gentlemen on this floor, who are so i
impatient to subvert and overthrow this whole I
system of military defences, are not the first mili- j
tary reformers who have arisen to enlighten the j
world with the novelty and originality of their j
conceptions as to the best and cheapest mode of S
defending a country against a foreign invasion. I 1
believe we have presented, in arfjomedy of a past j
age, called "Every Man in his Humor," an amus- j
ing character, a military reformer, whose views '
on this subject were far more radical and economi-
cal than any we have heard on this floor, and j
who, perhaps, would not be entirely out of place <
in this discussion. I allude, without intending any ■
application by the remark to any particular gen- I
tleman—there are so many who share in these sen- H
timents of change and reformation—to a distin- •
guished character known in comedy, I believe, as ■ '
Capt. Bobadill. He was the first great military re- i
former, if I mistake not, of modern times, and he pro- i
posed a very expeditious and perhaps the cheapest
mode of defending his country against invasion that 1
has ever yet occurred to the fertile imagination of i
anyman. He proposed to take the field in person,
say about the tenth of March, armed at all points,
precisely cap-a-pie,with nineteen others as valiant j,
as himself, and to challenge the same number of
the enemy to deadly combat, twenty at a time
and kill them; twenty more, and kill them, and so
on until, by this cheap and simple method, hehad
dispatched by " computation" the whole force of
the enemy, and brought about a suspension of
hostilities. Now gentlemen who propose to re-
form the whole system of military defences, as
they have been adopted and maintained in all parts
of the world, from the earliest dawn of modern
military science, down to the times of Napoleon
and our own day, and to abandon it altogether as
entirely unnecessary and useless in the present age
of the world,and the strongand populous condition
of the country, rely upon schemes and modes of de-
fence scarcely less novel and ridiculous than that
suggested and originated by this confident and en-
thusiastic military reformer—this illustrious hero,
so renowned in comedy.
But, Mr. Chairman, will you, and will this
House, refuse the small amount of appropriations
which is asked for in this bill? Will gentlemen,
because they have no personal knowledge of the
necessity of these works, and merely because they
have not that military skill and science which is
necessary to constitute them competent judges of
these fortifications, and of the public exigencies
which may require them—will they, I ask, sir, re-
nounce and abandon this system in a hasty and
impatient moment, and vote down this bill ? Can
we not trust with safety the experience of those
who are educated and employed by the Govern-
ment for the purpose of furnishing us with such
information as we may require in regard to them?
As the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie]
has justly observed, we are bound to rely upon
the information furnished by the engineers at-
tached to the Army of the United States, as to the
necessity of these works and the appropriations
asked for. And we certainly are bound to exempt
them from any imputation of interested motives
in the discharge of this duty, because they are not
to receive one dollar of these appropriations, and
have no personal interest in the prosecution of
these works. Their military pay will go on with
or without them. Your fortification on the Dela-
ware is of no individual benefit to the few military
gentlemen who are there stationed, or to the skill-
ful and scientific engineer who now has the man-
agement of the construation of that work. It is
of no importance whatever in this aspect to him.
If the further prosecution of that fortification is
to be abandoned, he can readily, and without the
slightest sacrifice or inconvenience to himself,
father up his military trappings and move away,
le is paid as much for doing nothing as when all
these works are going on. And so with all others
who have any sort of connection with the Army
of the United States. They, therefore, may justly
claim' to be exonerated from any such imputation
as this. It is not these gentlemen who ask for
these appropriations—it is your Secretary of War.
He sends them forth, in accordance with the uni-
form and settled policy of the Government for
many years past, to make these surveys and these
reports; and if you can now afford to dispense
with these services altogether, you have, in my
judgment, but one more step to take in that direc-
tion, and that is to dispense with the War De-
partment, Secretary, and all, and to abolish the
whole establishment forthwith. If this system of
defence is no longer needed, then a large portion
of the military force of the country is entirely un-
necessary; and it will be the part of wisdom, and
not of wisdom only, but of obvious consistency,
for honorable gentlemen to take that step, extreme
though it be, as speedily as possible.
But, Mr. Chairman, whatever may be the opin-
ions entertained on the other side of the House m
regard to certain appropriations contained in this
bill for fortifications now for the first time origin-
ated, I will not believe, I cannot believe that,-
when a large amount of money has been already
appropriated by the Government for the prosecu-
tion of a work now rapidly proceeding to its com-
pletion, and for which only some small sum com-
paratively is required to complete it, that gen
men will withhold that smtdi sum. It wo . ,
the most unwise policy which could possi 7
suggested. I therefore flatter myself with the: pe
that if any appropriations in this bill are to be re-
jected, that gentlemen would^ make a prop r
tinction in favor of such fortifications as_
already been commenced, and are now y
completed. With these remarks, I will, at the
