646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
lion of the non-covenanting Jew* of old, against [
whom the Prophet denounced that " >t shall come
• to pass that him that escapeth the sword of Ha-
• zael shall Jehu slay, and him that escapeth the
«sword of Jehu, shall Elishaslay." [Great laugh-
ter.] If we escape being weighed down by iron
and coal, we must be snagged in the Mississippi;
and if we escape the snags in the Mississippi, we
must go down with the steamers, or with tins bill.
[Renewed laughter.] So that it appears to me
that the party is all gone. I do not know where
to find it now, unless, indeed, we find it in our
worthy and honorable Speaker, who, it would be
invidious for me to say , preserves his party alle-
giance under the blessing of that glorious rule
which does not allow him to vote. [Laughter.]
I will not say that. It would be improper to say
it. But I think he might say, as the prophet Eli-
jah said on a similar occasion, when the Jews
were falling from faith, " I, even I only remain a
prophet of the Lord, but Baal's prophets are four
hundred and fifty men." All the rest are gone.
"I, even I only, am left." [Laughter.] I am
now in pursuit of the Democratic party. It has
passed away between the various propositions
which have been discussed here during a few days
past. I have not participated in these discussions.
I have sat here in perfect astonishment, while I
saw the great body of the Democratic party read
out by sections, and I want now to find out
where in the name of God the rest are left. I do
hope that the Democratic party will rally against
this bill and restore ourselves to confidence. Let
us rally upon it, and let it be like the solemn cov-
enant of the Jews, the controlling bond of union
to bring the party again together. We can unite
on it, without sacrificing any feeling, as it is a use-
less and reckless expenditure, which public econ-
omy requires should be stopped. And though
the manner may seem harsh, all experience shows
that it is the only one that can apply the remedy.
There is no stopping it, but by refusing the ap-
propriation. They are always finishing—never
finished. And as long as we grant money, they
never will be finished, and would be useless, if
they ever were. Then let us commence the re-
form upon this bill, stop this useless draft upon
the Treasury, and reunite the Democracy under
the banner of economy and reform—upon a
measure that so imperiously demands their ap-
plication.
Mr. JOHN A. KING said: It has been argued
by some of those gentlemen who oppose this bill,
that if these forts are required on the sea-board,
they are required on the rivers in the interior of
the country; or at least it is put forward as a
reason why the bill should not pass, that it pro-
poses appropriations for fortifications on the sea-
hoard, and not for forts on the interior rivers;
that they are very much confined to the great
ports of the country; and that, if those appropria-
tions are not to be made for works in the interior,
at points distant from the sea, therefore they are
not needed, or should not be granted for the sea-
board. Now I think that there is a great mistake
in this course of argument. Forts placed near the
large commercial cities, and defending the ap-
proaches to them, not only protect the cities them-
selves and the commerce that immediately belongs
to them, but also protect the commerce of the in-
terior. And it accomplishes this object in two
ways. It not only prevents the possibility of the
interior being exposed to danger from invasion, by
preventing any foreign vessels from entering the
river, but such of the commerce of the interior as
may be carried on with those large emporiums of
trade are immediately protected. By placing these
forts, therefore, on the sea-board, it is not onlv
particular cities and localities that are defendea,
out the interior—indeed, the country generally,
that is protected from danger. This policy of
erecting fortifications for the defence of the coun-
try is a long-established one, and I do not think
that the time has yet come for us to abandon it. I
feel assured that the committee will not, without
examination, conclude to discontinue the system—
a system which, during the war of 1812, proved
•o incontestably to be a source of the greatest pro-
tection to the commerce and wealth of the country.
I say I do not think that the time has come for this.
So long as it is the duty of Government to defend
this common country, do I think that it will be
found necessary to continue this policy. And until
t lat time shall come when Government shall cease
to be called on to defend the Union, it will be
found necessary to place fortifications for the de-
fence of the great emporiums of trade and com-
merce. I hold that it is a system that is of great
importance for the preservation of our commerce.
But if you must proceed in this matter, as some
fentlemeu urge, to abolish this system, let it be
one with deliberation and caution, and with pru-
dence, too. Without full and careful considera-
tion, it is not for us to say that the time has come
for us to abandon our fortifications; it is not for us |
rashly to overturn a system that has been so long i
established, and in carrying out which so much
money has been expended. !
Again: it is said that the armed steamers that 1
have been introduced into the navies of civilized
nations render these forts altogether useless as a i
means of defence; that it is rendered less neces-
sary to put the country in a state of defence to re-
pel a sudden assault. But, I tell you that these
steamers render double precaution and increased
defence necessary to repel probable attacks. Forts
will be even more useful than ever, and will be
more needed. A steamer, no better than a sailing
vessel, can pass a well-mounted and attended fort
—no steamer would dare attempt it. A well-main- :
tained fire from cannon and mortars would intimi-
date any steamer from attempting anv approach.
This bill contemplates giving increased power and
efficiency to this indispensable means of defending
the country. Do not, then, without full examina- i
tion and matured conviction that it is proper, de- J
termine to withold the appropriations required. ,
This bill will conduce as much to the benefit of
the interior and agricultural portions of the coun-
try, as it will to the benefit of the large commer-
cial cities on the seaboard. It cannot, therefore,
, be considered a bill proposing appropriations that
; are sectional in their character—the appropria-
tions, although bestowed in the improvement of
forts at particular localities, will not more protect
or benefit those localities than the country gener-
ally.
I therefore trust, in view of what I consider to
be the exigencies of the country, that the bill will
pass.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi,_ said: I rise
partly for the purpose of giving notice that at the
proper time I will introduce an amendment to this
Dill, for the purpose of fortifying Ship Island, on
the southern coast of the Mississippi ; and when I
offer that amendment I shall sustain it by an
official report from the Department of the survey
of that coast, and designating this particular point
as the proper place for a fortification. I have not
time now to go into a general expression of my
views in reference to the system of fortifications,
nor do I design doing it. The report to which I
allude is an official one, and was made, I am glad
to say, by an officer of this Government, whose
fidelity to his official duty is above reproach. I
wish I could say as much for all the officers of the
Government at this time, and for all those who
have gone before them. There was a time, Mr.
Chairman, when it was the pride and boast of
this country, that when men were elevated to high
official position, they had at least a right to lay
some claim to be called " gentlemen." That day,
I am pained, as an American citizen, to say, has
passed by, and if not called to order, I am pre-
pared to show an exhibition of conduct, which
at least shall take one of those who recently occu-
pied a high official position in this country off the
catalogue of "gentlemen," and that will not only
take him off the catalogue of gentlemen, but will
put him in the catalogue of blackguards and
calumniators. I hold in my hand a speech de-
livered a very few days since elsewhere, and which
makes reference to a proceeding in this House, in
which I bore an humlile part. I beg leave, in the
short time that remains to me, to call the attention
of the committee to one or two points in that
speech. After commenting on the conduct of the
committee in a manner which showed gross ig-
norance of what they had done, or a malicious
intent to traduce and misrepresent them, he al-
ludes to their appointment thus:
" As an act of justice to the Speaker of the House. I will
I say that he won clearly right in placing on that committee a
majority favorable to the investigation. I will say further,
that he did me justice in the selection of the minority mem-
bers. They were men of high character and capacity, and
they did me full justice. The wrong that I complain of
from the Speaker was his appointing the accuser upon the
committee, and especially as its chairman; and more espe-
. cially that ne put no man on the majority of the committee
of leading mind and talent. If there linil been of that ma-
jority one man ol' elevation, ot' lu(ill political character and
position—one who valued Ins own personal reputation for
justice and correctness above Ills |>arty allegiance, the in-
vestigation would not have lusted a week. IIut there were
none such."
When before, in the whole hintory of legisla-
tion, was it ever questioned that the mover of a
resolution—although it might be a resolution to
inquire into the conduct of a high executive offi-
cer—had a right to be chairman of the investiga-
ting committee ? Yet elsewhere the presiding of-
ficer of this House is arraigned, with a degree of
impudence and insolence unequnled in the history
of Congressional legislation, before a a high legis-
lative body and before the country, for an exhibi-
tion of partiality in this matter. Sir, I appeal to
every member of this House, whether Whig or
Democratic, to say if it has not been the uniform
practice of the House to appoint the mover of a
resolution calling for a select committee to the
chairmanship of that committee?
But hear this man again:
" The truth is, the committee knew nothing of the sub-
jects which they undertook to investigate. 11 was an ex-
periment—an exploring expedition. They were around me
on every side, like the prophet ol Midian around the tents
of Israel, trying to find a spot from which they might curse
me ; but, unlike that prophet, though they failed to tind
such a spot, they nevertheless uuered the curse."
1, of course, have nothing to say in reference to
the humble part which I bore in the transaction;
but for my colleagues of the majority of that com-
mittee, I feel that, unasked and unsolicited, I may
speak on this occasion. And I ask their colleagues
here, I ask their associates on this floor, whether
more barefaced impudence, more unblushing in-
solence was ever exhibited anywhere towards any
I set of gentlemen than is exhibited in this speech ?
j How dare this man arraign the motives of a com-
I mittee of this House, and say that they were un-
i just, and that they were influenced by improper
j motives towards himself? Ignorance, partiality,
injustice, and a wicked intention to convict with-
out evidence, are all charged in these extracts.
Not content with all these charges he goes on:
" In the beginning of the investigation, and during its
progress, letters were sent me by the committee asking for
information, which I gave in written answers. In some of
these I maintained positions of law, in others I explained
facts, showing very clearly my action in each case, and the
reason on which it was founded. When the report of the
committee was published, all save one of those letters were
suppressed—I know not and I care not by whom. It is
enough for me that they were suppressed, and do not any
where appear in the published document."
It is here charged that the committee, or some
member of it, suppressed these documents. The
charge is infamously false and slanderous. There
15 were no documents suppressed, and the author
1' of that speech knew it when he pronounced the
| speech! Suppress documents! How could they
' be suppressed ? Were they suppressed because
I they were not published? No, sir, none of the
1 documents were published, as was well known to
this man when ne uttered the slander. The au-
thor of this speech says of the minority of_ the
committee, that they were able, just, and patriotic
men. In the name of God, then, where were they,
with all their intelligence, with all their wisdom,
with all their patriotism, and 1 may add, their de-
votion to Thomas Ewing, when these important
documents were suppressed? No, sir; it is but a
mean attempt to screen himself from the responsi-
bility of having outraged the law, and outraged
all the decencies of official position in the transac-
tion, about which that committee was charged to
inquire. It is amazing to see with what effrontery
this man puts forth falsehood under the mask of
truth. Hear him:
" But the report of the majority, after they had made it,
impugning me for the two above-named opinions ot uie
Attorney General, and for the blunder of the
sioner of Pensions, which I had long before eorrec■  
was voted down by their own political friends in the H •
The absurdity and injustice were too gross even tor i r
drill to sustain it; and the chairman of the comJ"" , an(j
placed in the unenviable position of a false ac
unjust judge." , .
If his throat had not been as caPa,c\<'"^„aftuck
heart is wicked, this falsehood would
in it and choked him to a sense of dece J" .
It is perfectly well known that the> «*>Jiuuon
Bayly,] as a aubstitute for ^ House by
committee, was Pftsse^ over, and one of
almost a strict party vote—the m   , j
his colleagues, [Mr. P?^E"aJd ve^Bir we ha7e
: Democrats who sustained it. An y i
