1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
this MMforuri declaration that the report of the
committee was voted down by their own political
friends. We all know how that transaction was
managed, and 1 need not comment on it here. It
was not voted down by Democrats, but by Whigs,
aided by two Democrats, and on grounds not at
all creditable to Mr. Ewing.
This debate closes, I know, in ten minutes from
the time I rose to speak. It is impossible that I
can do more than glance at the prominent points
of this singular tissue of falsehood and defama-
tion.
What was the duty of the Secretary of the In-
terior? All must admit that it was his duty to
give his personal attention to official business, and
see that the Government suffered no injustice, to
act on his own best judgment, aided by the advice
and counsel of others. Did he do it ? Let him
apeak for himself—I know not that he is worthy
of credit, even when he speaks against himself.
But here is his testimony. Speaking of the sev-
eral cases embraced in the report, he sayx:
" The second was what is called the Chickasaw caw. It
wis one of much detail, and its merits, whatever they were,
had to he drawn from a huge volume of papers, which I had
no time to examine or consider. I therefore referred it, un-
touched, to the Attorney General. When, after some
mouths, he returned it toine with his opinon, a person rep-
resenting himself as agent of the Chickasaws, or some of
theaa, objected that there was some evidence or arguments
which had not been before that officer, when he decided it.
I thereupon reopened the case, remanded it to the Attorney
General, and requested him to reexamine it; this he did,
and on his certifying to me his final opinion, I directed my
subordinate officers to carry it into effect. This was my
whole agency in the Chickasaw case; and these were the
only cases in which a majority of the committee were able
to screw themselves up to a report against me."
He referred it, "untouched," to the Attorney
General. It was a " huge volume of papers," and
he did not touch it. He had no time to examine
it. Well, sir, the committee found time to ex-
amine it. We did examine it, and we found there
conclusive evidence that the money ought not to
have been paid. Sir, there was a day in the his-
tory of this country when high public officers,
charged with the performance of high duties, them-
selves performed those duties. When before did
the insolence of offcial position dare to avow that
it had not looked into the papers in a case involv-
ing heavy liabilities, and on which it had actually
paid the large sum of $56,000 ? He referred them
untouched to the Attorney General! Was this a
proper discharge of official duty? "Whom the
gods would destroy they first make mad!"
Would any but a madman—knave though he
might be—have thus confessed his own official de-
linquency? What was the gist of the charges
against him ? Gross neglect of duty, and with
having paid money from the Treasury without au-
thority of law. And what does he confess in this
case? Why, sir, that he paid the money, not on j
his own judgment, but on the judgment of the At- .
torney General. He did not touch the papers.
Was it not his duty by the law to pay the money,
if at all, on his own judgment? And can he screen !
himself from responsibility by saying he failed to
discharge his duty ? Was it not his duty to have
touched the papers? I doubt if the Attorney Gen-
eral ever read them. The money was paid, and
your committee made the first critical examina-
tion that was made of the subject. Ewing
says the committee did not understand the case,
though they spent more than an entire month in
the investigation of it. But he understood it,
though he never touched the papers in all his life.
Incomparable modesty!
It is the misfortune of some men to be cursed
with an obliquity of moral vision, and to see noth-
ing but glory and renown in that which to the
balance of mankind is naked, unadorned infamy.
Ewing says there was no man on the majority of .
the committee of leading mind and talent. . He !
complains that no one of the majority was a man j
of elevation—of high political position—and he i
thinks if it had been otherwise, he would have es- lj
caped conviction. I have no comment to make on i
this supercilious fling at the gentlemen of the com- ,
mittee. Not one of them, I am sure, would ex-
change his humble, -but honorable obscurity, for '
the conspicuous infamy which will render immor- !
tal the name of Thomas Ewing. Ij
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell, the hour !
having arrived for closing' the debate.]
Mr. BAYLY said: In the opening remarks that
I made upon this bill I fdt it to be my duty to pre-
sent, as fully and clearly as I could, a view of the
whole case. In closing, I shall only add such re-
marks as I deem necessary in reply to the argu-
ments that have been presented in opposition to
the bill. I must confess that I was surprised to
hear so many references made to the last, and
revolutionary war, to show the utter uselessness
of our fortifications. We all know that it was
the experience of the revolutionary war that
caused the Father of his Country to say, that in
time of peace we should prepare for war. The
system of fortifications was commenced in his time,
and continued under his successors until 1812,
when it received a fresh impulse. Ever since
Washington's time, every President, and especially
General Jackson, fostered this system. It is a no-
torious fact that larger appropriations were made
during General Jackson's administration than du-
ring that of any of his predecessors. And when it
was he that more especially fostered this system,
will gentlemen call on the Democratic party to
rally against it? Will the Democratic party at
this day be willing to come forward and cast the
imputation they thus would on Jackson's policy?
Even under the administration of Mr. Polk, du-
ring the war when we required all our resources
to prosecute it, appropriations for fortifications
were continued.
But, sir, the gentleman from Missouri says that
from the days of Frederick the Great the policy of
fortifications has been scouted. Why, the fortifi-
cations that Frederick the Great dispensed with,
were not fortifications to protectcities from a fleet;
not to afford a safe asylum for commerce; but they
were those interior fortifications that I admit have
become an obsolete idea. If it be true, as the gen-
tleman says, that the policy is a useless one, what
an imputation does he cast on the judgment of the
Father of his Country ? What an imputation does
he cast upon Jackson? Again, he says that the
greatest captain of the age, and the greatest men
that have ever lived, have pronounced against a 1
system of fortifications. Of this, as well as of
armed steamers running twenty-five and thirty
miles per hour, I think no one but the gentleman
from Missouri could have heard. The gentleman
from Missouri says that he thinks that these armed
steamers will render these fortifications nugatory.
In this he is entirely mistaken. He talks of the
steamers running so fast that they will run past a
fort before they could be fired into. These forts
have a range embracing the furthest approach
and the furthest departure; and in the period of
time that it would take a steamer to pass the whole
range of the fort fifty broadsides could be fired
into her, and she would be annihilated. If you
were to talk to a military man of a steamer passing
Fort Munroe, or Fort Independence into Boston
harbor, he would laugh at you, if not for your ig-
1 norance, at least for your credulity. But again:
the gentleman from Missouri says that in my ar-
gument in favor of these works I seem to go upon
the supposition that the American nation is a na-
tion of cowards, that are not able to fight without
fortifications.
Now, I have often found it to be the case, that
those are the most courageous that are furthest
removed from danger. The people in the west-
ern country are in no risk of losing their St.
Louis, or Cincinnati, or Louisville, or of having
them bombarded by a British or a French fleet;
and therefore they cry out that it is cowardice in
the cities on the sea-board to demand protection '
from probable assault. But the gentleman again
says, that no nation will ever invade us. If the gen-
tleman means by that that no nation will ever at-
tempt to march into the interior of the country, 1
agree with him. But that future difficulties may not
arise, and a hostile navy may not be hoveringupon
our coast and ready to bombard our towns—if
that is what he means, then I say that he is utterly
ignorant of human nature and the probability of j
future wars.
He asserts, again, that we could at any moment,
by means of our railroads, concentrate a million of
men at any given point, to repel a threatened at-
tack. Well, admitting the possibility of its being
done, (though I confess the number is a startling
one,) I should like to know what your million of
men would do with a British fleet three miles off
bombarding a city ? This course of argument in
opposition, shows that the gentleman is ignorant I
of military affairs. The calibre of the guns em-
ployed by field troops are very inferior to those
of a seventy-four. The guns of a seventy-four
ship-of-war are of much greater calibre than the
usual class of field-pieces, and if they were large
enough to cope with guns of a ship, they would
be too large to be manned. The guns of a
fort are of much larger calibre than that of field-
pieces, and are the only class fitted to engage with
those of ships of war.
Again: the gentleman from Missouri has un-
dertaken to assert that this is a log-rolling bill,
because sixteen States are provided for in it.
The gentleman forgets that very few of the for-
tifications of our country are provided for in this
bill. The greater part of them are completed, and
no additional appropriation is asked for them.
Again: if you will look at the bill, you will find
that it so happens that the fortifications are not
situated (at least in many cases) where the ex-
penditure of the money will be of any great ad-
vantage to the inhabitants. Look at the fortifica-
tions in Florida—at Key West and at Florida
Reefs. Of what interest are they to the people of
Florida ? All the materials for building them are
brought from elsewhere—not a dollar goes to the
ale of Florida. They have no more interest
ese fortifications than the constituents of the
gentleman from Missouri; nor, indeed, so much,
as that gentleman's constituents may have a larger
interest in the commerce that passes there and in
having it properly protected. Take a case in my
own district: How much interest had the peo-
ple in the vicinity of Old Point Comfort in the
appropriations made for that fort? Scarcely a
dollar s worth. The granite was brought from
New England, and in New England ships; the
work is superintended by Government officers;
and if laborers are employed from the vicinity,
they might have been equally profitably employed
in other labor. So much, then, for the imputation
that this is a log-rolling system.
•Yet this is a system against which the gentle-
man from Missouri calls upon the Democratic
party to rally. What, to rally against a system
that Jackson fostered more than any one else!
To rally against a system that even Mr. Polk
asked appropriations for in time of war! But the
fentleman, in speaking of the Democratic party as
a ving all gone, made exceptions. In speaking of
that party as having Voted for - and supported ex-'
penditures of the public money contrary, as he
thinks, to true Democracy, he excepts the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] whom ne ad-
mits to be the exponent of the party into whose
ranks he wishes gentlemen toreturn. I think that
he is unfortunate in his exception, for although '
the gentleman from' Tennessee is exceedingly care-
ful in appropriations of money out of the public
Treasury, yet when it comes to public lands,
which are a source of bringing money into the
Treasury, he is extremely liberal. I must confess,
: that so far as I am concerned, I cannot see any
great difference between appropriating from the
i Treasury and preventing it from entering the
[ Treasury. The party are ready enough to vote
land away for almost any object.
j Mr. JONES. Does the gentleman from Vir-
! ginia include me among those who vote lands to
j railroads?
I Mr. BAYLY. I believe the gentleman is one
i of those who vote to give a farm to everybody
| that has not got one.
i Mr. JONES. I vote to provide the gentleman's
' constituency with homes, that they may work well
i and get bread.
! Mr. BAYLY. My constituents are much
j obliged to the gentleman, but thev have got bread
i as abundantly  [Cries of " Oh, no !"] Well,
then, as good bread as his constituents, and as
much as they want. They have got enough, and
enough is as good as a feast. Then they have got
what the gentleman's constituents have not got—
fish and oysters, [laughter,] and terrapins. [Re-
newed laughter.] And indeed I do not know
what they have not got that is desirable, except a
good Representative. [Roars of laughter.]
Now, the gentleman undertakes to rally the
Democratic party in opposition to an appropriation
of $700,000, and is quite willing that $50,000,000
should be given away in the shape of public
lands.
I recollect a circumstance that occurred in a very
wealthy county of my acquaintance, where a clas-
sification existed not unlike that in this House.
There were two sets of magistrates presided. One
