648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
half were rigid economists, and ihe other half were
wue economists. It so happened that in the court
room, there was a stove that had been there some
fifty years, that drew so badly it would not warm,
and that smoked so badly you could not stay ill
the room with it. On one occasion we found
some of these true economists on the bench, who
thought that it was of more importance that jus-
tice should be administered than that a few dol-
lars should be saved, and they entered an order
for the sheriff to buy a new stove and put it up.
He did so. In the mean time it eot out amongst
the rigid economists. The whole county was in
a ferment about the new store, and the next court
day, the rigid economists being on the bench, such
was their abhorrence of the new stove, they ordered
it to be taken down and the old one put up. This
was done, and for twelve months the most vigor-
ous contest was kept up between the old stove
party and the new stove party. [Great laughter.]
Now, sir, the party the gentleman wishes to form
would be about upon a par with the old stove
party.
Nov, with respect to the opposition that is
shown to this bill, if it is the wish of the Ameri-
can people to discontinue this system, let us go
about it in a proper and systematic manner. At
the next session of Congress appoint a committee
to take up the whole subject, and inquire into it,
and report to this House whether the system
should be abandoned or not. Until this is done, I
submit that it is not wise to arrest the works that
are going on. I know the practical impolicy of
this thing, and I will give an illustration. Daring
the war Mr. Polk reduced the appropriations to
$500. In consequence of this, an appropriation
was not made for the protection of the site of
some work at Old Point, which was quite neces-
sary
- they will not. I am further of the opinion, that
if we curtail these appropriations for these ob-
jects, it will be but the entering wedge for curtail-
ing what is called the standing army. It' we cut
off one, it will enable us to cut off a large portion
of the other. While I am willing to concede that
fortifications upon our sea-board way occasionally
be of some service in time of war, lor the protec-
tion of our commerce and Atlantic cities, 1 am of
the opinion that the same thing can be accom-
plished with far less expense in another manner.
It is said we must appropriate these large sums
of money to protect our sea-board—to protect our-
selves in time of war. Sir, if we will adopt in our
diplomatic intercourse and correspondence with
f ireign countries, that rule of doing with all na-
tions as we would have them do to us, we should
have no necessity for this enormous expenditure of
public money. I am for protecting our commerce;
I am for protecting our seaboard; I am for pro-
tecting our whole country; but I am for accom-
plishing this protection by doing equal and full
justice to all nations, so that they will have no
occasion for quarreling with us, or warring upon
us; so that they will have no necessity of spolia-
tions upon our' commerce. " To be just and fear
not," is a maxim which will apply to nations as
well as it will to individuals. If we will instil
these principles into the people of this country—
if we will instil them into this Government, and if
we will act upon them as a Government; in short,
if we will do with other nations precisely as we
would have them do to us, we should have no
wars-
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THURMAN proposed to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN said no amendment was
The consequence was, that dunng a storm ! i now in order. A motion to strike out takes pre-
much of it was utterly destroyed, and $20,000 !
(the sum that had been expended on it) was ut- 
terly lost; whereas, if a small appropriation had •
been granted, this loss would have been saved.
What was the final result of this cutting down of
the appropriation to $500? Why, that at the ses-
sion of 1848-'9, the appropriation had to be raised
from its average of former years ($700,000) to
$1,800,000; so th at in the end we lost. I beg par-
don for having trespassed so long on the commit- l
tee's time, but I deemed it proper to reply to the [
objections that had been urged. I
Mr. TOOMBS moved to strike out the enacting
clause.
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order. He said
to strike out the enacting cluuse was to reject the
bill, and we have no right to destroy the bill in
committee. We can recommend its rejection to
the House.
Mr. GORMAN asked the gentleman from Geor-
gia to modify his amendmnet so as to strike out all
to the seventieth line, so as to leave the appropri-
tion of $75,000 for the fortification at Key West,
and $50,000 for fortifications on Florida Reef—
Garden Key.
Mr. TOOMBS accepted the modification.
The CHAIRMAN said it was the opinion of
the Chair that it was in order to strike out the en-
acting clause.
Mr. JONES thought it could not be done in
committee, because it would have the effect to kill
the bill.
Mr. GORMAN said he understood the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] to accept the
proposition offered by him (Mr. G.) to strike out
all to the seventieth line.
Mr. TOOMBS said he had accepted that amend-
ment.
Mr. McGAUGHEY said: Mr. Chairman, I
avail myself of this opportunity, not for the pur-
pose of making a speech, but for the purpose of
stating to the committee the principles which will
govern me in voting against this entire bill. I do
not pretend to say that fortifications upon the At-
lantic sea-board, in time of war, jnay not occasion-
ally be of some service. In fact, I have no doubt
they would occasionally be of some service. But
when this is conceded, I do not know that it neces-
sarily follows that we ought to make these appro-
priations from year to year. The question is,
whether they would be of so much service, and of
«uch indispensable necessity and utility, as to ren-
der it necessary and proper to spend from $500,000
to $1,500,000 per year upon them in time of peace
aa a preparation for war. I am of opinion that
cedence of all others.
Mr. THURMAN said he understood the gen-
tleman from Georgia to modify his motion so as
to strike out a part of the bill instead of the enact-
ing clause.
Mr. TOOMBS (interrupting) said he would
adhere to his motion to strike out the enacting
clause. The Chair might overrule it, but he be-
lieved it to be in conformity with the rules of the
House. He did it for the purpose of facilitating
the action of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be in order.
Mr. VINTON said he believed it to be contrary
to the universal practice of the committee, to en-
tertain that motion. It had always been under-
stood that that motion could not be made in com-
mittee. He appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STRONG asked that the I19th rule, with
the note appended, be read.
I It was read, as follows:
! 119. A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill
' shall have precedence of a motion to amend; and, if car-
' ried, shall be considered equivalent to its rejection.*—
March 13, 1829.
•Note—The Manual states, that if a committee be op-
posed to the whole paper or bill, and think it cannot be made
i good by amendment, the committee cannot reject it, but
I must report it back to the House without amendment, and
there make their opposition. In 1814, a Committee of the
Whole struck out the flrst and only section of a bill, and
, so reported to the House. Mr. Speaker Cheves refused to
I receive the report, on the ground that it was tantamount to
a rejection of the bill, which the committee had not power
i to do. After this, that the merit of questions might be tested
' in Committee of the Whele, rule 119 was adopted. The
Manual provides that a paragraph or section may be flrst
amended by its friends, so as to make it as perfect as they
can before the question is put for striking it out. By this
rule, (i. e., rule 119,) it is expressly established that a motion
to strike out, for the purpose of destroying, shall be para-
mount to a motion to amend. Rule 139 provides that the
Manual shall govern in cases in which it is applicable,
where it is not inconsistent with established rules. In the
case, then, of giving precedence to motions to insert or to
amend, over motions to strike out or reject, it is clearly in-
consistent with an established rule ; and consequentiy the
practice of the House for the last few years has been in
violation of the 119th rule.
The CHAIRMAN said he was aware that the
practice of the House had heretofore been as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had stated;
but from the rule which had just been read, it was
clear that the amendment could be entertained.
The Chair decides the amendment to be in order.
From this decision the gentleman from Ohio takes
an appeal.
The question now being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, nud
Caldwell of Kentucky, were appointed.
The question wns taken; and the tollers report-
ed—ayes 40, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair wns sustained.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike out the fol-
lowing clause of the bill:
" For defensive works, quarters, and storehouses, near
Detroit, §15,000."
Mr. M. said: This bill, Mr. Chairman, is ac-
companied by an estimate which Ins been pre-
sented to us by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and the conclusion I deduce
from it is, that so far from all of our fortifications
being in n state of completion, not one of them is
completed. That estimate, it is true, requires
nothing for certain forts upon which repairs have
been made, excepting Fort Washington, in Vir-
ginia, upon which something like a million of dol-
lars has been expended; and you may run through
the whole list, and you will find sums ranging from
|10,000 to $2,000,000 are required to complete the
fortifications for which we have estimated. If we
intend to stop these works, Mr. Chairman, if we
intend to call for an examination as to their utility,
we must put a stop to these appropriations. We
must, at least, discriminate, under any aspect of
the case, between the various classes of these
claims. Now, the clause under consideration I
propose to speak to. Here is a proposition for
defensive works, quarters, and storehouses, near
Detroit, for $15,000. The estimate exhibited by
the Engineers' department to complete these works
at this point is $295,000. We are told in the re-
port of the Chief Engineer, that this fort is com-
pleted. We were asked last year for $15,000 to
complete officers'quarters and a chapel. I resisted
this item, as well as this whole system, then, as I
do now. What are we to understand when
$15,000 per annum is asked and we find that
$295,000 remains behind, to be asked hereafter?
i Now, I understand the use of this fortification;
and I admit that a work properly located, cover-
ing the passage between Lake Erie and Lake St.
Clair, is sensible enough, if we must have a sys-
tem of fortifications. But when the fort is com-
pleted and may never be used, I do not mean to
spend $295,000 in putting houses inside of it. The
estimate of the bureau submitted by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, shows
"the system" to have commenced in 1812, and
that the Engineers have not yet finished a single
! fort. Something is required for every one of any
j importance. New fortifications are being added
j every year. We have in that estimate $934,000
I of an unexpended estimate for the fortification at
| Soller's Flats; $450,000 for the works at theNar-
i rows of the Penobscot, where we are blowing
j ditches out of the solid granite of New England
I mountains, and more that two millions on theTor-
! tugas of Florida. Sir, I respectfully submit that,
with eight millions of estimates in view, not yet
expended, and with twenty millions spent, with-
out any certainty that, amid the mutations of tac-
tics and science, we have spent these millions sens-
ibly and advantageously, it is time for us, as the
representatives of the people, to pause and to sur-
• vey the ground deliberately before we proceed any
further.
Mr. BUEL (interposing) said he did not wish
I to interrupt the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshalx] for any other purpose than for saying
that he had fallen into an error in relation to the
amount.
Mr. MARSHALL said he spoke from some
j papers he had before him, which were taken from
the estimates of the Engineers'Department.
Mr. BUEL said: I do not rise for the purpose
of expressing my views at length, either in regard
' to the merits of a general system of fortifications
or of an appropriation to complete the works in
the vicinity of Detroit. I gave my views suffi-
ciently upon both those points at the 'asLses^.™'
when the fortification bill was under considera .
I confess I was very much surprised "3Lthe s . "
ment of the honorable gentleman from Ken u y,
that it would require $295,000 to finish Fort
Wayne; and that surprise was increased no
tie by the gentleman's referring to an estimate pre-
pared at the Engineer bureau, and a n(i
to be in the hanls of the Committee of Ways and
Means. There is, unquestionably, a very great
error, if there be any such estimate.
