1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
were ordered; and Messrs. Thomas, and McLank
of Maryland, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 63.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved to strike from the
bill an appropriation not audible to the Reporter.
Mr. McG. said he had arisen principally for the
purpose of answering the gentleman irom South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes.] That gentleman had
■aid there was some connection between this bill
and the river and harbor bill which passed this
House a day or two since. Now, I am inclined
to think there is something in that remark. For
myself, I am decidedly opposed to this bill, and I
am as decidedly in favor of that. This bill pro-
rides for creating the means of taking life, and
that bill provides for saving life. This bill is for
the destruction of a portion of mankind and render-
ing the residue unhappy. That for filling the
empty stomachs of thenungry. I am opposed to
this bill, but I freely aided in the passage of that,
for the simple reason I am in favor of any bill
which provides for the extension of commerce,
and for its protection in any shape; but I am
equally opposed to the expenditure of the public
money, where I cannot see any good result to the
mass of mankind growing out of it. I undertake
to say, that if you will take the several sums
which you have provided for the support of your
Navy in time of profound peace, and the amounts
expended on fortifications, and put these appro-
priations out at simple interest and compound
them every year, the money thus expended will
purchase up all your enemies in time of war.
Take what has been expended for hostile purposes
for twenty-five years back in this country, put it out
at six per cent, per annum, and compound that in-
terest every year, and it will buy up all the en-
emies you have got in the world, or all that can
be brought against you.
It is all a mistaken idea,and hence I repeat what
I said before, if we are to be governed by upright
and just principles, there is no necessity for ma-
king these extraordinary appropriations. We
need no army at all, except what is used to guard
our western frontier against the savage Indians.
There is no necessity that we should have an
army at all on our eastern sea-board, to guard
us against invasion from any civilized people;
but it may be necessary with the Indians,
who know nothing about the principles pf jus-
tice and uprightness. It may be necessary, then,
to have a few regiments of troops upon our
frontiers in New Mexico and the other Terri-
tories, but I consider that any army, or portion
of an army, or any fortification upon our. sea-
board, is utterly useless, whose support requires
an extravagant expenditure of the public money.
Mr. VINTON hoped the committee would sit
the bill out. He thought we ought to dispose of
it to-day.
Mr. ASHE moved that the committee rise.
Mr. VINTON said he had not yielded the floor.
He begged leave to say that we had not yet touched
the civil and diplomatic bill 
Mr. ORR rose to a point of order. The gentle-
man was not confining himself to the subject before
the committee.
Mr. VINTON said: Nor does anybody else.
Mr. ORR wished to know if he understood the
Chair to decide that the gentleman was in order ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that the gentleman's
remarks were not strictly in order, but that the
same latitude had been allowed to every other
member who had addressed the committee.
Mr. ORR must insist on the rules being en-
forced.
The CHAIRMAN intended to enforce them.
The gentleman from Ohio must confine himself to
the pending amendment. ,
Mr. VINTON. What I desire to say is, to
implore gentlemen to stop debate upon these
amendments. If we look at the state of busi-
ness 
Mr. ORR called the gentleman to order. He
must insist on the rules of the House being en-
forced. The gentleman must confine his remarks
to the amendment pending.
The CHAIRMAN would enforce the rules
strictly if such was the wish of the committee, but
the same latitude had been allowed to other gen- ,
tlemen to-day.
Mr. VINTON. 1 ask if the rule had been en- I
forced against any other gentleman. We have
heard about everything in the discussion on this
bill. We have had all sorts of personal rencon-
; tres, and all sorts of declamation, but the moment
any gentleman attempts to call the attention of the
country to the state of business, and the conse-
quences likely to arise from it, he is called to
! order.
l Mr. ORR again interposing, said that these re-
marks were out of order, and ought to be stopped.
Mr. VINTON. I desire to give notice that it
is my intention, whenever the committee shall
rise, to move—if the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means does not do it—to rescind
or suspend for the residue of the session, the five
minutes rule. After 
Mr. ORR insisted that the rules should be en-
forced.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Ohio's five minutes had expired.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise, and
asked for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, and the question be-
ingtaken, the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred on Mr. McGaughey's
amendment.
Mr. McGAUGHEY withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to strike out lines
16 and 17, as follows:
) " For defensive works and barracks at the Narrows ot
Penobscot nver, $20,000."
Mr. M. said that he made this motion for the
purpose of bringing the committee to a test vote.
This was as good an item for that purpose as any
| in the bill, as the works on the Penobscot river
; had but just been commenced, and there had been
very little money expended on them.
Mr. McGAUGHEY called for tellers on the
amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. FULLER moved to increase the appropri-
ation proposed to be stricken out to $50,000.
Mr. F. said that if there was one fort in this
whole bill of more importance than another, he
thought that every gentleman must see that this
was that one. It was the only fort east of Boston,
and was of peculiar importance on account of the
quantity of commerce along that shore, and of its
vicinity to the great naval dep6t of Great Britain,
Halifax.
Mr. ROOT said: I am a little surprised that
i gentlemen wh^ profess themselves anxious to
have this bill passed, should be wasting time in
making speeches in favor of or against amend-
ments to it. Does anybody suppose that any of
these amendments are going to be adopted ? Here
we are, with barely a quorum, at a late hour on
Saturday afternoon, the 22d of February, Wash-
ington 's birthday, and we have to break up on
the 3d of March, and all this time is being lost in
discussing these little items. Now, I will appeal
to the friends of this bill, who desire it to pass, to
let it alone.
Mr. FULLER. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. ROOT. You cannot withdraw it now. I
hope, then, that if this bill has any friends who
desire to bring it to a vote, they will allow it to go
along. And let me say to the enemies of the bill,
what is the use of fighting the battle in detail?
Why make " two bites of a cherry ?" One item
is as good as another. It is all one system. It is
a system that I am opposed to, and I shall vote
against it. But I do not care anything about
fighting the battle in detail. Let us have the
question.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fuller's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the proposition to
strike out lines sixteen and seventeen, it was taken
by tellers, (Messrs. Albertson, and Harris of
Tennessee, acting,) and decided in the negative—
ayes 59, noes 70. So the amendment was rejected
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
strike out the following appropriation:
" For Fort Independence, Boston harbor, $5,000."
Mr. T. said: In making this motion I wish to
say a few words. I am opposed to the whole
system contemplated in this bill; and I say to
those who are desirous that this system should
not be carried out, and who wish to effect any re-
form, that they must refuse the appropriations.
The friends of the bill tell us that we should not
refuse the^appropriations, but grant them now,
and look to future inquiries to prove ordisprovethe
necessity of any further appropriations. I have
! had some little experience in these matters, and I
1 have known that for years this has been the man-
' ner in which these appropriations have been car-
i ried. Another complaint which has been made is,
that the friends of this sytem have said, " allow
the bill to pass this time; do not refuse the appro-
priations now, and next time you will be in a
condition to judge more thoroughly." Such was
1 the case at the last session of Congress. Such
has been the argument which has been used, I
' believe, for the last twenty years in bringing for-
ward this bill. Now, I am of opinion that there
is but one good plan to accomplish a reform, and
that is to refuse the appropriations. If we refuse
the appropriations now, for July, 1851, no great
damage will take place, and the Secretary of
the War will have time to report to this House, by
the meeting of the next Congress, whether or not
he considered it necessary that this work should be
completed.
It has been the evident object to get this bill
through without all the information that was ne-
cessary being furnished, or else why should we be
told to pass the appropriations now and make
our inquiry hereafter? Now, sir, I hope, and I
believe, that there is a majority in Congress dis-
posed and able to stop these appropriations for a
system which, at least, cannot but be considered
doubtful in its utility. Whether the proper time
has come or not, it is for us to decide. I am of
opinion that, to effect a reform, there is no more
proper time than the present; and if we refuse the
appropriations this time, as 1 have said before, we
can call upon the Secretary of War to report to the
next Congress, as to his opinion for the necessity
and the utilityof the continuation of this system.
Mr. WHITE said he was opposed to this
amendment, and was also opposed to any long
speeches.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomp-
son's amendment, and it was lost.
Mr. McDONALD moved to strike out the fol-
lowing appropriation:
" For Fort Delaware, on Pea-Patch Island, $50,000."
Mr. McD. said: I am in favor of striking out
this item, even if the bill should pass. At the
same time, I am opposed to every item contained
in the bill, in detail or in conjunction. I am of
opinion that appropriations of this kind, nine times
out of ten, are wholly useless for the very purpose
for which they are sought to be appropriated. The
1 idea of establishing a system of national defences
by fortifications on certain specified points, wheth-
er upon the sea-board or upon our western fron-
i tier, is one that ought to have been long since
abandoned.
The best fortification that this nation can have,
is that fortification which is supported by the
breasts of her yeomanry. The remark that was
made by the gentleman from Georgia, that a small
nation in ancient times maintained its independ-
ence so long as it remained without walls, is a re-
mark that ought not to be lost on the people of
this country. We have the only extensive em-
pire in the world, where no walled cities have
been established. And I hope to God that no sys-
tem will ever be established m this country that
will allow the construction of any such fortifica-
tions as that. I believe in that declaration which
was made by the Father of his Country, that " in
time of peace we should prepare for war." But
the preparation that I would make would not be by
constructing forts, by setting up points of military
improvement, but that preparation should be laid
deep in the hearts of the people of this country,
by cultivating within them the spirit of liberty
and of independence. A people who have that
kind of preparation are always ready to repel ag-
gression at any and at all times. I hope, there-
fore, that this system, which has already absorbed
more than $15,000,000 of the revenue of the coun-
try, will be brought to a speedy termination, by
this House refusing to continue it any longer. At
the last session of Congress we had before us a
bill containing thirty-three different items of ap-
apropriations for military purposes 
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.J
Mr. WHITE said that he was decidedly op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana; and that is my speech in opposition to it.
The question was then taken on Mr. McDon-
ald's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
