609
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to insert
the following1 amendment, between lines thirty-
nine and forty:
" For a fori on Ship Island, on the coast of Mississippi,
$70,000."
Mr. B. said, that he had very little to say in
reference to this amendment, and he would not
detain the committee with any expression of his
views upon the bill. On the 4th of December,
1845, the resolution which he held in his hand
was passed by the Senate, directing that the south-
ern coast of Mississippi should be surveyed, with
a view to the erection of a fort. That survey was
made, and the facts were communicated to Con-
gress. The report is too long for me to read the
whole of it, but I will read a short extract 
Mr. GRINNELL rose to a point of order. Ap-
propriations for new fortifications had always
been embraced in separate bills, and that no items
were in order in this bill except those already
provided for by law. He (Mr. G.) had a case
exactly like this, which he was desirous of offer-
ing as an amendment, but he found that it was
contrary to order, and he desisted from offering it.
If, however, the gentleman from Mississippi was
allowed to offer his amendment, he should also
persist in offering his.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and ruled the amendment out of oraer.
Mr. BROWN appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise, and asked for tellers. Tellers
were ordered, and Messrs. McMcllen and Har-
ris were appointed. And,
The question being taken, was decided in the
negative—ayes 59, noes 80.
So the committee refused to rise. '
The question was then taken on Mr. Brown's
appeal from the decision of the Chair, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. McDONALD moved to strike out the ap-
propriation of $50,000 for a fort on Seller's Point
Flats, Baltimore harbor.
Mr. MEADE wished to offer an amendment to
the fortieth line.
The CHAIRMAN said that that item had been
Mr. MEADE said that he addressed the Chair
before the next item was read.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was too late.
Mr. MEADE insisted that he had addressed the
Chair before the next paragraph was read. The
amendment he wished to offer 
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. MEADE appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and asked for tellers. He knew that he
was right. [Loud cries of "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. MEADE wished to know if the Chair real-
ly ruled his amendment to that paragraph out of
order?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
was out of order, as the paragraph had been
passed.
Mr. MEADE said that he had not occupied the
floor since this bill had been under discussion 
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to or-
der. He must suspend his remarks until the ap-
peal was decided.
Tellers were not ordered on the appeal. And
the question being taken, the decision of the Chair
was sustained, and the amendment was ruled out
of order.
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the forty-fourth
and forty-fifth lines which were as follows: "For
repairs at Fort Macon, North Carolina, $1,800,"
by adding the words "to convert the same into
and fit it up for a marine hospital."
Mr. BAYLY raised the point of order, that this
amendment wrs changing the whole thing and was
therefore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of or-
der, and ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. MEADE offered a pro forma amendment,
and addressed the committee as follows: I have
not troubled the committee with any remarks in the
progress of this bill. I never unnecessarily waste
the time of the House. I have risen now merely
tor the purpose of expressing an idea, one that \
o not propose to attempt to carry out at this
e, ut w"lch> like seed cast abroad, may here-
after spring up and bring forth fruit. I think, sir,
that the only use to which we can put these forti-
fications, is to convert them into marine hospitals,
and thus make that of some service which now is
of none. If there were now no fortifications in
the land, I would not vote to appropriate a single
cent to make any; believing that where the coun- '
try is thickly settled, no such protection is wanted. |
Sir, if a hostile fleet were to pass Old Point Com-
fort to-morrow morning, the probability is it would
never get back, and the depredations that it could
commit upon James river would not equal the in-
terest on the expenditure for Fort Monroe. I
would put each of these forts in the care of some
old soldier and his wife merely to look after, and
j I would take the forces of the United States that
i are scattered up and down the Atlantic sea-board,
and I would send them to Texas and California
and Oregon, to protect the settlers there from In- .
dian depredations. Millions are wastefully ex-
pended every year on fortifications that will never
be wanted. No enemy will ever again come to '
our shores to do us harm. We are in the condi- '
tion of the strong man, who used neither armour
nor weapons; they may be worn by the weak, the '
giant has no use for them. No nation will ever
come here to strike us. We have more fortifica-
tions than are necessary; their cost (estimated at
! $20,000,000) and the interest upon it, between ;
| wars, would more than five times pay for all the
damage that an enemy would do for the want of
them.
Mr. WHITE said he was opposed to the
amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Meade's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Tuck's substi- >
tute for the bill.
Mr. SAVAGE moved an amendment pro forma,
and said: In proposing the amendment which 1
have presented I shall not be liable to the charge
| of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] I
have, during the present session, carefully refrained
from consuming the time necessary for the trans-
action of public business; nor will I do more on
the present occasion than briefly announce my
opposition to this bill.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin]
has spoken of Democracy in connection with the
vote now to be given. I see nothing of that sort
in the matter. The question is ptyely military,
about which gentlemen of the same party may
well entertain opinions widely variant. Whatever
may have been the necessity for these appropria-
tions at a former period, I consider them now a
useless and profligate expenditure of money with-
out in the least adding to our national security.
When we look to the past history of this Republic,
upon the battlements of those fortresses are found
none of our laurels; and when the future shall be
| written, no ray of glory will illuminate the page
that records these statutes. Mexico has her San
Juan de Ulua, her Perote, El Penon,and Che-
pultepec—what have they availed her? They have
! often been the instruments of internal tyranny—
mere prisons for the victims of oppression, with-
out in any degree adding to the national safety.
I want no such security as is conferred by such
places. I fear them more than a foreign enemy.
To rely upon them is weakness, and a concession
of the absence of military vesture. Such as we
already have, it may be the part of wisdom to
preserve. I agree with the gentleman from Vir-
finia, [Mr. Meade,] that they may be turned into
ospitals. They are also valuable as places of de-
posit for military stores, quarters for the army
when not in the field; but further than this they
are entitled to no consideration. I rely upon the
intelligence and military spirit of our people for
national security. While these exist no power
on earth can harm us. When they shall have de-
parted, a thousand fortresses will fail to protect
us.
Mr. MOORE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Savage's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Tuck's sub-
stitute.
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 78, noes 48.
So the substitute was agreed to.
Mr. McLANE wished to offer an amendment.
Mr. JONES said that the substitute having
been agreed to, it was too late.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that no amendment
was in order.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise
and report the bill; which motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker havinf
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the committee had had under con-
sideration House bill No. 459, being a bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications, and had
directed him to report back the same with an
amendment.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. HOLMES moved a call of the House.
Mr. PARKER moved that the House adjourn.
The question being taken, the House refused
to adjourn.
The question then recurred on Mr. Holmes's
motion for a call of the House, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HOLMES moved a call of the House.
The question being taken, the House refused to
adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion for a
call of tne House, it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on laying the bill on
the table.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mc-
Gaughet's motion to lay the bill on the table,
and was decided in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays
61—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Averett,
Bayly, Bell, Bowlin, Boyd, Joseph Cable, George Alfred
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Cling-
! man, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Corwin, Crowell,
Danner, Oeberry, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson,
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Giddings, Gilbert, Gorman, Gott,
Gould, Green, Haralson, Sampson W. Harris, Haymond,
Henry, Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian,
I Horace Mann. Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McDonald,
McGaughey, MeLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWil-
: lie, Meade, Morehead, Morris, Morrison, Orr, Outlaw,
Phelps, Pitman, Potter,Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Strong,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Walden,
Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, and Young—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Bokee.Bowie, Breck, Brooks,
Buel, Bullard, Burrows, Butler, E. C. Cabell, Chandler,
Clarke, Cole, Dixon, Duncan, Eliot, Ewing, Freedley, Ful-
ler, Gentry. Grinnell, Halloway, Hay, Hibbard, Hilliard,
Holmes, Houston, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, Kerr, Jas.
G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Littlefield, Matteson,
McDowell, jMcKissock, R. M. McLane, Moore, Nelson,
Newell, Otis, Parker, Putnam, Rislev, Rose, Ross, Rumsey,
Schermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding. Sprague,
Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Vinton, and White-«1. '
Mr. STANTON said that he had paired off
with Mr. Harris, of Illinois, but that if he had
voted he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. FULLER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Wilmot.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. CARTTER moved to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. BAYLY said that he had not yielded the
floor.
The SPEAKER stated that a motion to recon-
sider was not debatable; and that, consequently,
the gentleman from Virginia had yielded the floor
when he made his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered.
The question being taken, the House refused to
adjourn.
Mr. HOLMES moved a call of the House,
which was refused.
Mr. H. then moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. WHITE demanded tellers, and they were
ordered.
And thequestion being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Brooks and Thompson acting,) resulted in the
negative—ayes 60, noes 65.
So the House refused to adjoum. ....
Mr. BAYLY moved that there be a call of the
House, and asked for the yeas and nays on that
motion; and the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved that the
House do adjourn.
