1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
Mr. BAYLY called for the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered, and being taken,
were—yeas 65, nays 70; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs* Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Bayly,
Bokee, Bowit*. Brrck, Brooks, Bullard, Burrows, E. Car-
rington Cabell, Chandler^ Clarke, Cole, Deberry, Dixon,
Duncan, Eliot, Ewiwr, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Grinoell,
Haltowav, Hay. Raymond, Hibbard, Hilliard, Holmes,
Houston, Howard, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, Kerr, Jas.
G. King, John A. King, LnSfere, Mason, Matteson, Mc-
Dowell, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Moore, Morrison,
Neteoa.Newell, Otis, Parker,Pitman, Putnam,Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Ross, Rumsey, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester, John B. Thompson, Thurman,
ITnderhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, and White—-65.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Averett, Bell, Bowlin,
Brisbin, Buel, Butler, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, CJinginan, W. R.
W. Cobb. Caicock, Conger, Corwin, Banner, Doty, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Edmundson,Nathan Evans, Fiteh, Giddmgs,
Gilbert, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Green, Haralson, Sampson
W. Harris, Henry, Hoagland, Howe, Andrew Johnson,
Jones, Julian. Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, McDon-
ald, MeGnushey, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen,
Meade, Morris, Oit, Phelps, Potter, Risley, Robbins, Rob-
inson. Saekett, Sava e,Sprague, Strong, Sweetser, Thom-
as, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Tuck, Walden, Waldo,
VVatkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, and Young—70.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that there
be a call of the House; on which motion the yeas
and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken, and resulted—yeas 50, 1
nays 86—as follows: !
YEAS.—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Bayly, Bokee,
Bowie, Breck, Brooks, Buel, Burrows, Butler, E. C.
Cabell. Chandler, Clarke, Dixon, Duncan, Fuller, Grinnell,
Halloway, Hay, Hilliard, Holmes, Houston, Howard ,Joseph
W. Jackson, kerr, James G. King, Jobn A. King, La Sere,
Matteson, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Nelson, Newell,
Phelps, Putnam, Reynolds,Rumsey, Schennerhorn, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spra$ue, Thurman, Toombs,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wentworth, and White—50.
NAYS.—Messrs. Alberteoo, Allen, Anderson, Averett,
Beale, Bell, Bowlin,Boyd,Brisbin, W.J. Brown, J.Cable,
G. A.Caldwel], J. P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter,Clingman,
W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Danner,
Deberry, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Nathan
Evans, Featherston, Fitch, Freedley, Gentry, Giddings,
Gilbert, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Green, Haralson, Harlan, :
S. W. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay,
Howe, Hunter, Jones, H. Mann, J. Mann, Marshall, Mason,
McDowell, McGaughey, McLanahan, McMullen, Mc- 1
Queen, Meade, Moore, Morris, Morrison, Orr, Parker, Pit- ,
man, Potter, Reed, Ridley, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Sack-
ett, Savage, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
John* B. Thompson, Tuck, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, and Young.—86.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS said that he thought this struggle
would result in nothing, and it was only reason-
able that the question should be decided in a full !
House. He therefore moved an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under the
rale, and referred to appropriate committees: '
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of the clerks in
the Chicago post office, praying for an increase of their sal- ;
aries.
Also, the petition of citizens of the town of McHenry, in
McHeiny county, in favor of a Congress of Nations, to set-
tle all disputes between nations.
Also, the petition of Anson H. Taylor, of Chicago, for re-
imraeraiioii of his services during the Black Hawk war.
Also, the petition of citizens of Limestone, Iroquois
county, for granting four additional sections of land in
each township for scliool purposes, where there are that
number, and all there are in that township where there are ,
not that number.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of John J. Van Stern-
borgh, assistant marshal, and other citizens of Schoharie
county, NewYork, praying that the compensation allowed
to the assistant marshal by the act of May 23,1850, for ta- .
king the seventh census, may be increased.
By Mr GOTT: The memorial of citizens of Onondaga
County, New York, for an additional compensation to as- ,
sistant marshals for taking the census. i [
ByMr. JULIANi The petition of IIS citizens of Wayne
county, Indiana, praying Congress to repeal the fugitive f
slave law passed at the last session.
ByMr. CHANDLER: Numerous memorials from citi- j
sens of various parts of the State of Pennsylvania, asking •
for a modification of the bounty land law.
Also, the memorial of Alice Dowlin, asking compensa-
tion for the services of her husband, Terrence Dowlin.
la
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 21, 1851.
A message was received from the President of1 j
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, sent in compliance with a resolution !!
of the Senate, transmitting a report from the Sec- j
retary of State, containing the correspondence of ;
the United States Consul at Panama with the Sec- i
retary of State and Postmaster General, in rela- ||
tion to taxation by the Government of New Gra-
nada, on citizens of the United States when in
' transitu across the Isthmus of Panama, and all cor-
respondence relating to mail service at said Isth-
mus; which was read, ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, made in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 18tli instant, transmitting a re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in re-
lation to the practice of the Government in paying
Indian annuities; which was read.
Mr. TURNEY. I move to lay the communi-
cation on the table.
Mr. EW1NG. I hope the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs will be read.
The report was then read, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Office or Indian Affairs.
Sir : The resolution of tlie Senate, in the words follow-
ing : " That the Secretary of the Interior communicate to
the Senate what has been and is the practice of the Govern-
ment in paying the Indian annuities, whether to the chiefs
or per capita; and upon what authority is said practice
founded. Did not the decisions made by Mr. Ewing, late
Secretary of the Interior, in the cases alluded to, divert the
Indian annuities from the per capita as had been the prac-
tice  " having been referred by you to this office, I have the
honor to report thereon that previous to the passage of the
; act of 1847, chapter 68, the general practice of the Govern-
> ment in paying Indian annuities was to pay the chiefs of the
tribe. To this practice, however, there were numerous ex-
, ceptions.
Since the passage of the act of 1847, the general practice
has been, and is, to pay the annuities to the heads of fam-
ilies and other individuals entitled to participate therein;
but to this practice, also, there have been frequent excep-
, tions. Among these exceptions are the cases in which Mr.
Ewing, while Secretary of the Interior, directed portions of
the annuities belonging to certain tribes to be appropriated
to the payment of their debts.
The want of uniformity in the practice of paying annui-
ties under the act of 1847, may be attributed to the fact that
the act itself submits the matter in a great measure " to the
discretion of the President and Secretary of War," neither
of whom has at any time prescribed in writing a general
rule on the subject.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. LEA, Commissioner*
Hon. A. H. H. Stuart, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, I am very glad
that a call has been made, and we have received
the information which that call contemplated; anfl
in connection with the answer of the Secretary of
the Interior I would observe, that any one who
will look at the act of 1847 will see that it is not
a repeal of any of the provisions of the act of 1834.
I It does not vary that act, except that it gives the
President and the Secretary of War, and after-
wards the Secretary of the Interior, instead of the
Secretary of War, discretion to change the pay-
ments of annuities heretofore made to Indian
chiefs to payments per capita whenever they should
see fit to make an order to that effect. That is the
whole operation of the act of 1847. The Presi-
dent, as far as I am advised, never made an order
under it. So the discretion has rested, and still
rests, with the Secretary.
The letter of the Secretary of the Interior, in
reply to the resolutions of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, will, I trust, satisfy the Senate of the true
value of the out-of-door hearsays habitually re-
tailed by the Senator here, and most unflinchingly
persevered in.
But the other day, the Senator averred and
vouched the Second Auditor as his authority
that, while Secretary of the Interior, I had taken
the funds of the Indians which, by treaty stipulation,
were payable per capita, and paid them to agents
and creditors; and when I produced the letter of
the Second Auditor, declaring that he did not re-
member to have so stated, and pointing out the
cases to which he referred, in what he did in fact
state; and when I proved by the law and the-
treaty, and a copy of the order made by me, that
the accusation was false, the Senator saw fit to re-
affirm it on the spot in the face of the proof, and
to couch his reaffirmation in terms sufficiently un-
measured and offensive. It was all that was left
for the Senator; a man utterly confounded by facts
and argument can do nothing but rail. But he
has now taken a new tack, and framed this reso-
lution of inquiry in the hope that the answer
would disclose something which might serve as a
substitute for the thing affirmed by him, and dis-
proved by me—something about per capita pay-
ments—which would do for him and his informer
to slide off upon. Again he has failed, and must
give it up or mend his hold.
I have endeavored, as a mere matter of curios-
ity, to discover the reason of the persistence of the
Senator in what he must well know to be a fla-
grant wrong; and I am satisfied that it springs out
of, as it connects itself with, an investigation
which came off in the House of Representatives,
in the past year, and is a kind of extension or
prolongation of it, not now conducted by the same
individuals, but by a kind of residuary legatee of
the defunct committee.
I wish, Mr. President, to avail myself of the oc-
casion furnished me by the Senator from Tennes-
see to call the attention of the public to this mat-
ter, not only the branch of it in the process of
enactment in the Senate, but also to the investiga-
tion by the late committee of the House; and I
wish to make some personal explanations respect-
ing it, which my situation heretofore has never
enabled me to make.
The resolutions authorizing that investigation
were voted by the House on the formal accusation
of a member from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,]
who professed to have certain and specific inform-
ation, from reliable sources, of divers wrongs
perpetrated by me as Secretary of the Interior, on
which he founded his demand for the inquiry.
He was appointed chairman of the committee,
thus filling the two highly responsible situations,
(by somejurists thought to be not quite compatible,)
of accuser and judge. He succeeded in getting an
accusatory report from a majority of the committee,
on two only of his five resolutions.
One of these two was the allowance of commu-
tation and interest in lieu of half-pay to the officers
of the navy of Virginia, who served in the revolu-
tionary war. With this case I had nothing to do,
except to refer it to the Attorney General for his
opinion, and direct my subordinates to be governed
by that opinion when obtained; and also to correct
an error in the computation of interest, committed
by the Commissioner of Pensions, which was
discovered, condemned, and corrected by me long
before the committee of investigation was raised,
but which was, nevertheless, made by them the
subject of a charge in the form of a resolution
against me.
The second was what is called the Chickasaw
case. It was one of much detail, and its merits,
whatever they were, had to be drawn from a huge
volume of papers, which I had no time to examine
or consider. I therefore referred it, untouched, to
the Attorney General. When, after some months,
he returned it to me with his opinion, a person
representing himself as agent of the Chickasaws,
or some of them, objected that there was some
evidence or arguments which had not been before
that officer, when he decided it. I thereupon re-
opened the case, remanded it to the Attorney Gen-
eral, and requested him to reexamine it; this he
did, and on his certifying to me his final opinion,
I directed my subordinate officers to carry it into
effect. This was my whole agency in the Chick-
asaw case; and these were the only cases in which
a majority of the committee were able to screw
themselves up to a report against me. They were
cases in fact in which I merely fixed my formal
official signature. The truth is, the committee
knew nothing of the subjects which they under-
took to investigate. It was an experiment, an ex-
ploring expedition; they were around me on every
side, like the prophet of Midian around the tents
of Israel, trying to find a spot from which thev
might curse me; but, unlike that prophet, though
they failed to find such a spot, they nevertheless
uttered the curse.
But the report of the majority, after they had
made it, impugning me fo$ the two above-named
opinions of the Attorney General, and for the
blunder of the Commissioner of Pensions, which
I had long before corrected, was voted down by
their own political friends in the House. The ab-
surdity and injustice were too gross even for party
drill to sustain it; and the chairman of the commit-
tee was placed in the unenviable position of a false
accuser and unjust judge.
As an act of justice to the Speaker of the House,
I will say that he was clearly right in placing on
that committee a majority favorable to the investi-
gation. I will say further, that he did me justice
in the selection of the minority members. They
were men of high character and capacity, and they
did me full justice. The wrong that I complain of
from the Speaker was his appointing the accuser
upon the committee, and especially as its chair-
