THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMST$1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congrkis, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1851.
New Series.... No. 42.
House of Representatives at the last session of
Congress. He seems to think that I came in as a '
sort of residuary legatee for the capital to be man-
ufactured out of the proceedings of that committee
of the House to which he has referred. 1 would I
say to the Senator that 1 have no ambition to come I
in for any part of that estate. I think the country
has passed upon it, and I am very certain the :
present Chief Executive of the United States has
passed upon it.
Not a member of the Cabinet of which the hon-
orable Senator was a member is to be found in the ,
present Cabinet. They have gone, and a new set
of Cabinet officers have been called to the Chief
Executive, and with that I am willing to leave it.
I had no reference to the proceedings of the 1
House. I had no participancy in them. The
Senator was anxious to make a speech, and seemed
to think that he was under obligations to me for
having afforded him an opportunity of wiping out
the censure to be implied from the proceedings of
the House. The Senator says that my remarks,
which he quoted, applied to the Senator from Cal-
ifornia. So far as that is concerned, 1 have but
this to say: those remarks were not exactly cor-
rectly reported. But the Senator will perceive
that, in those remarks, 1 referred to no particular
individual. I received the information out of
doors from the agent of the nation, who informed
me that he would present this claim for payment
to Congress, and then he detailed the facts on
which his application was to be founded. The
Senator from Ohio now rises here, and says I
made a charge against the Senator from Califor-
nia. I deny it, and I challenge the Senator to the
proof. I spoke of the facts as I heard them. 1
do not vouch for their correctness; andl informed
the Senate that it was information which I had
received out of doors. I told them it was in-
formation which 1 obtained from a gentle-
man who was to present the claim, in behalf of
the nation, to have the money refunded to them.
I am not responsible for it. 1 mentioned no names,
and I know not how the facts may turn out to be.
I am not acquainted with the facts, and am not
prepared to vouch for them. I gave the informa-
tion to the Senate as 1 received it, and for what
purpose? The Senator from Ohio says for the
purpose of making a charge against the Senator
from California. No, sir, that is not true, nor has
it the semblance of truth.
1 made those remarks on a proposition to amend
an amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] which required that
this fund should be paid to the Indians, and not
subjected to be diverted, as it appears from this re-
port that the Senator from Ohio did divert it, in
the payment of private claims. A word or two
now in relation to the resolution which has been
adopted by the Senate, and to which this report is
in answer. After what I stated in the Senate, on
the occasion to which I referred, the Senator from
Ohio addressed a note to the Second Auditor of j
the Treasury, and the next morning came in with
an answer, which answer the House received as
information to be relied upon. We were told that
there was a number of cases in which the Senator
from Ohio, when Secretary of the Interior, had
ordered money to be paid out of these Indian an-
nuities. Following the example set me by the Sen-
ator from Ohio—a Whig Senator—[, a Democratic
Senator, sat down and addressed a letter to the
Second Auditor, propounding my interrogatories '
to him, desiring to ascertain what were those other
cases referred to in his letter to the Senator from
Ohio. I received in answer from him that I must
direct my inquiry to the Secretary of the Interior.
I was not to be answered, while the Senator from
Ohio was promptly answered by the Second Aud-
itor. I then addressed a letter to the Secretary of
the Interior, informing him of the letter which I had
addressed to the Second Auditor of the Teasury,
and asking the information from him. I waited
for several days, and received no answer relative
to it whatever. Then it was that I introduced the
resolution, which passed the Senate, and to which
we have now an answer from the head of the In-
42
dian bureau. But do we get any answer disclos-
ing to us these other cases in the Second Auditor's
office referred to by me? Why are they not
brought forward in answer to the resolution ?
I But again: we have not got all the information
i upon the subject, for I understand that President
Polk made an order requiring these annuities to be
paid to the Indians or heads of families.
Mr. EWING. He never made such an order.
Mr. TURNEY. The present Secretary of the
Interior told me, day before yesterday, that he
believed there was such an order.
Mr. EWING. There never was such an order.
He was mistaken.
Mr. TURNEY. I have understood from other
sources that there was such an order. The Sec-
retary might have been mistaken, and he did not
speak positively. I inquired of him if there was
not an order, and he tola me he believed there was
such an order made by President Polk. That was
; not communicated to the Senate.
: Mr. EWING. There was no such order.
Mr. TURNEY. The present Secretory of the
Interior told me there was such an order, and I
understand from other sources that that was the
case. But we get nothing from the Second Aud-
itor where these claims were. The Senator from
Ohio knew very well to what officer to direct, his
inquiry to ascertain what had been done in rela-
tion to these funds of the Indians.
Mr. EWING. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that I addressed a private letter to the
Second Auditor on account of the statement which
was made in the Senate by the Senator. It was
not an official document. I know official etiquette
better than to address a letter to the Second Aud-
itor in relation to matters connected with the In-
dian bureau.
Mr. TURNEY. Well, a private letter to the
Second Auditor in relation to a private conversa-
tion of mine with him, and that private letter was
used before the Senate as an argument.
Mr. EWING. So was the private conversation
the day before.
Mr. TURNEY. That private letter was para-
ded before the Senate and used as an argument by
the Senator. That was all he required. The
Senator only required such information as he could
use before tne Senate. The information was asked
of the Second Auditor in his official capacity as
Second Auditor. The letter was an official com-
munication, and was used as such. I do not com-
plain of it, but I say that I cannot obtain such
information, either by my letter to the Auditor or
by my letter to the present Secretary of the Inte-
rior, nor by the resolution which has been adopted
by the Senate. I can reach nothing in that Audit-
or's office. All my means of obtaining it have
been exhausted, but it does not come; and I pre-
sume and I predict that if it was to come, I would
get the order in some of the cases to which the
Second Auditor referred in his letter to the Senator
from Ohio. But it seems we cannot obtain it. I
know not how to obtain it. These are the means
to which I have resorted for the purpose of ob-
taining that information.
Now, I have to say to the Senator that, so far
from desiring to come in as a residuary legatee, or
desiring to participate in the proceedings of the
House in relation to himself and others, it was
very far from my object, or my views, or my feel-
ings. I have none of either. The object which
I had in view was the passage of the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin, which, in my
judgment, would protect the Indians against fraud,
and against improper decisions on the part of the
Department. I desired to throw that guard and
protection around the Indians by the passage of
that amendment. I desired to make charges
against nobody. I made no charges against any-
body. And has it come to this, that I cannot
speak, and refer to what has been the practice of
the Department, without its being construed into •
a charge against these officers? Does the Senator
intend to communicate the idea that if he had done
what I alleged he had done, that therefore he .
would be guilty of a criminal act or violation of his
duty ? Would he construe it into a charge against
himself, or would he say that in doing so he was
administering his Department according to his best
judgment, and acting in good faith and with up-
right and correct conscience ? I do not understand
that our mouths are to be sealed in speaking of the
judgment of the accounting officers, or that when
we happen to speak of their errings it must be set
down that we are making grave charges against
them, and arrainging them at the bar of justice.
Sir, I disavow any such intention either on that
occasion or on the present; my single object was
to procure an amendment to a law so as in the
future at least to guard and protect the Indians.
Now, although the Senator from Ohio rejoices
at the coming in of this report from the Secretary of
the Interior, I have to regret that he has not given
us all the information. I knew that I was point-
ing to the Second Auditor: my letter so informed
him. I was looking for information upon that
point, but instead of giving it to me, instead of
sending what the Second Auditor referred to in
his letter to the Senator from Ohio, he sends us no
document, but merely a statement as to what has
been the usual practice of the Indian Bureau.
Mr. EWING. The resolution to which the
report before us is an answer did not call for any
documents. It simply called for a general state-
ment, and that has been received.
Mr. GWIN then addressed the Senate, but a
report of his remarks is deferred. They will be
found in the Appendix.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret the necessity which
is imposed upon me of saying one word on this
subject. I should not have said a word but for
the charges made by the Senator from Ohio against
the chairman of the Select Committee in the House
of Representatives, in the investigation to which
he has referred. The chairman ef that committee
is from my own State, and a personal as well as
a political friend; and so far as any attack may be
made on him, I assume to put the matter right.
The Senator from Ohio has charged that the
committee of investigation suppressed important
papers connected with this transaction,
i Mr. EWING. I charged that the papers were
j suppressed and not published. I know not by
i whom; I care not by whom.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But the country would have
understood, from the tenor of the Senator's re-
marks, "that the committee of investigation had
been guilty of the crime of suppressing papers.
Mr. EWING. I think so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator says he thinks
it would have been so understood. That charge
was made some time ago in the New York Tribune
specifically, and very nearly in the same terms in
which it is now made by the Senator from Ohio.
The chairman of the select committee rose the
next morning in the House of Representatives and
read that charge, and pronounced it to be a false-
hood from beginning to end, and the author of it
a calumniator. He charged that it was a direct
violation of truth in every particular. That de-
nunciation was made then in the House of Rep-
resentatives; it went into the debates of the House;
there was the minority as well as the majority of
of the committee present; there were the political
friends of the Senator as well as the political
friends of the chairman of the committee present;
and with that direct denial and denunciation hurled
in their teeth, not a man of them pretended to
intimate that the charge was true. The chairman
of that committee, the majority of the committee,
were there ready to meet any man face to face who
dared to insinuate that such a thing was true. I
am instructed now to say that the majority of the
committee, when they agreed upon their report,
made their report to the House of Representatives
accompanied with all the papers.*
*Note.—The following are the proceedings of the House
of Representatives of the 4th September, 1850, to which
Mr. Douglas referred:
"Mr. Richardson, from the Select Committee appoint-
ed under the resolutions adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 23d of April, 1850, made a report rtien>«<i.
accompanied by the following resolutions, viz:
