1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
nually changing, by the construction of new rail-
roads.
Not half, especially of the n«w members, know
the distance on their routes. Of several traveling
in part the same route, some one may know, or
estimate his distance, and others are estimated by
his, with such approximation to certainty as can
be obtained. These difficulties, and the errors and
abuses to which they lead, should be obviated.
But neither the change proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means nor the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. McDonald,] as amended by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] will
obviate such difficulties. They propose no fixed,
definite rule for the guidance of the Mileage Com-
mittee, or members, materially different from the
present law. The mileage should not only be by
a mail route, but by the usual or shortest mail
route; and the distance by such route should be
reported from the Post Office Department. There
will then be a fixed, unvarying rule, by which
mileage in each case can be promptly and correctly
estimated. He strove, early and late, to the ex-
tent of his ability last session, to procure a modi-
fication of the present law, similar to the one now
asked, but unsuccessfully.
The question was taken on Mr.'Pitch's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to strike
out the second proviso to the section. He would
say in regard to it, that the House had had suffi-
cient experience as to the inutility of any such
item as that, and it might as well be done away
with at once. The only result of the second pro-
viso would be to consume the time of the House,
which the Committee of Ways and Means were
endeavoring to impress upon the House it was
important not to waste. Now, whilst the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means endeavored to impress
upon the committee the necessity of immediate ac-
tion, the chairman of that committee had at the
very same time brought forward here the most
pestiferous question that had ever been before the
American Congress, and one that was sure to give '
rise to debate. He imagined that if any one would
reflect upon the subject, lie would see that the
pay of members was little enough already, and he
hoped that the committee would strike out this
proviso.
Mr. CARTTER hoped that the recommenda-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, in
reference to mileage, might be agreed to by the
committee. It was an act of justice in equalizing
the pay of members on this floor. There was no
reason why the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] should receive $2,000, while a member
from Ohio receives only $400.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do 1 receive it?
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman receives not
much less.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is $400 less.
Mr. CARTTER. Then there was no reason
why he should receive 51,600, and a member
from Ohio only $800 or $400. It was a question
of pay, not a question of per diem. This allow-
ance for mileage was no part of that, and bore no
correspondence to the length of time consumed in
reaching the Capitol. It was a question of equal-
ity among the members of the House. He was
in favor of the limitation reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. First, as a question of
equality among the members it ought to be car-
ried, andln doing that, the House would put an
end to tlfe whole question of mileage. It would
bring members nearer on a level in the amount of
pay they received for the services they performed.
For this reason, he hoped that the amendment of
the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] !
would not be agreed to, but that the committee
would adhere to the bill as reported.
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's '
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to strike out all after the
word " provided," in the tenth line, to and inclu-
ding the twenty-fourth; as follows:
" Tbat tbe mileage of Senators, Representatives, and Del-
egates, shall hereafter be computed on the route by which
the mails are transported from the Capitol to the residence
of snch Senator, Representative, or Delegate: Jlni pro-
vided further, That no sttcb member of either branch of
Congress, residing east of tbe Rocky Mountains, shall re-
ceive more than SI,000 mileage for each session, and IIS
such Member or Delegate residing west of the Rocky Moun-
tains shall receive more than $2,000 mileage for each ses-
noa; nor shall any member of tbe Senate receive mileage
for any session of that body which may be called within I
thirty days after tbe adjournment of both Houaea of Con-
cress, unless the travel fbr which such mileage is charged
has been actually performed."
i' And insert:
" That ftom and after the passage of this act, each Sena-
! ■ tor and Representative in Congress, and each Delegate from
a Territory, shall be allowed and paid $4 "for every twenty
i: miles of travel going to and returning from the Capitol at
I each session of Congress, estimated and computed by the
• route on which the mails are transported between the seat
of Government and tiia residence of the respective Sena-
tors, Representatives, and Delegates: Provided further,
however. Tbat no Senator, Representative, or Delegate,
•hall be allowed or receive mileage for any session of Con-
gress, or of either House, which shall be commenced within
thirty days alter the termination of any preceding session of
Congress, or of either House, unless the travel for which
mileage is charged, shall be actually performed. Any law
to the contrary notwithstanding."
, Mr. J. said: Mr. Chairman, under the act of
j 1818 each Senator, Representative, and Delegate, is
I entitled to, and receives eight dollars for every
1 twenty miles he travels in coming to and returning
from the seat of Government, estimated by the
most usual route from the residence of the Senator,
Representative, or Delegate, as the case may be.
At the time that act was passed, there was not a
foot of railroad in the country, and but few steam-
boats. The travel had to be performed by pri-
vate conveyance, or by the mail hacks and stages, I
and in either case over roads in the worst possible
condition, there being but few, if any, good or !
even tolerable roads at that time. It was then 1
thought that twenty miles was a tolerably fair day 'e
travel, and the compensation was fixed at eight
dollars, the same as the per diem allowance. There
are now persons in Congress, who were then
members either of this House or of the Senate,
who then required from four to five weeks to make
the journey from their residence to this Capitol.
The same individuals can now perform the jour-
ney in as many days, and yet the compensation
remains the same. Prom one hundred and fifty
to two hundred miles can now be traveled in a rail-
road car or upon a steamboat, in as short a period
of time as twenty miles could be at the time this
mileage compensation was fixed, perhaps quite as
j cheap, and certainly with much greater ease and
; comfort, and decidedly less wear and tear of the
! body.
J The lowest mileage allowance of any member ■
I upon this floor is twelve dollars and eighty cents, ;
! and the greatest amount paid to a member living 1
east of the Rocky Mountains for mileage is
$2,400; the one requiring but a few hours to make
the journey, the other requiring some twelve or
fourteen days to reach the Capitol. The largest
mileage allowance received by a Member or Dele-
gate from west ofthe Rocky Mountains, is $3,452.
This mileage allowance is wrong somewhere, and
should be corrected- If it is intended merely as
compensation for the time required to perform the j
travel and reimbursement of the expenses actually
incurred, it is too great; it is enormous, and should
be corrected by decreasing the amount allowed.
If it is intended and given as part compensation
to the Senators, Representatives, and Delegates,
it is unequal and unjust, and should be corrected
by being equalized.
The provision which I have moved to strike
out of the bill, is an old and familar acquaintance
of this House. It is the same which has been re- ]
peatedly reported in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, generally sustained by the House |
and retained in tne bill, and as uniformly receded
from when stricken out by the Senate. I have
always voted to retain it in the bill, and against
concurring with the Senate striking it out; not
because it was what I desired, but because it was I
the best I could get. This provision, as it is in ,
the bill, does not equalize the mileage, nor is it !
proposed by this provision to make the allowance
a fair one for the time required and expense in- i
curred in performing the travel. It is merely
proposed to limit the amount to be received, by ;
declaring that no Senator, Representative, or Dele-
gate, residing east of the Rocky Mountains, shall
receive exceeding one thousand dollars mileage, j
And no one residing west of the same mountains
shall receive exceeding two thousand dollars. I \
venture to say this proposition will always receive
the support of a majoriiy of the two hundred and
thirty-three members. We all like to appear
on the side of economy when we can do so
without infringing our own rights and interests.
Of the whole number of Members and Delegates
entitled to seats upon this floor, the mileage of those
I who will be affected by the provision now in the
! bill is but forty,—thirty-eight Representatives and
two Delegates—leaving one hundred and ninety-
five members whose interest is untouched by this
provision in the bill. Of the nine members on the
Committee of Ways and Means, only two of them
receive more than one thousand dollars for mile-
age—the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
son] and the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Green.] My own mileage is under one thousand
dollars. I wish to reach all, and affect the in-
terests of all in exactly the same proportion. The
aggregate amount of mileage paid to those occu-
pying seats upon this floor for the present session,
is $151,999 20. The aggregate excess of mileage
of the House over one thousand dollars, is
$24,893 60, and will be a saving of just that sum,
should this provision of the bill become law—not
because it is just, but because the majority in
Congress wills it. By the amendment which I
have moved in lieu of the provision proposed to
be stricken out, it is provided that each Senator,
Representative, and Delegate, shall receive, from
ana after the passage of this act, four dollars for
every twenty miles of travel to and from the seat
of Government, estimated by that route upon
which the mails shall be transported between the
Capitol and residence of the members respectively,
instead of eight dollars for every twenty miles of
travel, as at present. By my amendment it is
proposed to reduce the mileage one half—from
eight to four dollars—and a reduction of the ag-
gregate amount paid to those in this House for
mileage, from $151,999 20 to $75,999 60; and in
exactly the same proportion will the mileage of
Senators be reduced if my amendment prevails.
This is just, fair, and equitable, and commends
itself to the favorable consideration of all. It affects
alike the twelve dollars and eighty cents mileage,
and the thirty-four hundred and fifty-two dollars
mileage, and is better compensation, with the pres-
ent improved modes of travel, than was the present
compensation or allowance when it was fixed in
1818, under the then existing state of things.
The other provisions of my amendment do
not differ materially from the provisions which I
propose to strike out, except that in my amend-
ment the prohibition to receive the mileage al-
lowance, m certain cases, extends alike to Sen-
ators, Representatives, and Delegates; whereas in
the bill as at present, it extends only to Senators,
i and is intended to prevent the recurrence of what
| was done by Senators two years ago. On Sun-
day morning, about sunrise, on the 4th of March,
1849, the Thirtieth Congress adjourned by expira-
tion; and with it the administration of Mr. Polk
terminated, to be followed by that of General Tay-
lor. On the next day, Monday, the 5th of March,
1849, at twelve o'clock m., the Senate assembled
in their Chamber in this Capitol, in pursuance of
the President's proclamation, to witness the inau-
guration of the new President, and to consider and
pass upon such subjects as should be submitted
to them by him. They remained in session some
eighteen or twenty days; and notwithstanding
those Senators who were members of the Thir-
tieth Congress had received their mileage allow-
ance for coming to and returning from the second
session of that Congress, which adjourned but
about thirty hours before the assembling of this
executive session, the Senate determined that
each Senator who Was a member of the session
which adjourned on Sunday morning, and was
also ^ member of the session which assembled at
twelve o'clock on Monday, was entitled to mile-
age allowance, constructively, for travel never per-
formed, and which it was impossible to have been
performed, upon the ground that it was a new,
separate, and distinct meeting and session, for
which they were each entitled to his mileage?
The Secretary of the Semite, the disbursing officer
of that body, paid to each of those Senators, ex-
cept, I believe, two, their mileage for this Execu-
tive session, upon the certificate of their Presiding
Officer, amounting in some cases to over $2,400,
and in the aggregate, to the sum of $38,539 20.
In the settlement of his accounts at the Treasury,
the accounting officers, very properly, I think, re-
fused to allow and credit the Secretary of the Sen-
ate with this extra, constructive mileage, for which
they had never traveled. The Attorney General
of the United States was consulted, and his opinion
given, sustaining the Secretary in making the pay-
ment, and deciding that the receipts of the Sena-
