1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
imperfectly heard,) said that he did not aet that
there WB9 any very great demand for these works,
as some eentlemen contended. So far as he was
concerned, however, he was perfectly willing to
turn the plates over to any one who was willingto
undertake their publication. The gentleman from
South Carolina {Mr. Holmes] proposed that the
library of every village and town and city
should be supplied with a copy. He (Mr. S.)
did not believe that a million of dollars would de- ;
fray the expense that would be incurred in the i
accomplishment of this object. The gentleman
from South Carolina had said that every member
in this House was either scientific, or desired to
be scientific. He did not know that it was so, t
but it might be with this modification, that there i
are a great many gentlemen in this Hall who de- ,
sire either to be scientific, or to seem to be so.
There were some that were not scientific; to that
class he (Mr. S.) professed to belong. There was ;
another class that desired to seem so, and neither
did he belong to that class.
Mr. HOLMES said that the gentleman desired
to be flcifintiflc
Mr. STEPHENS said that he did not desire to
seem to be so.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. THOMPSON said that he found that pro-
vision had been already made for furnishing each
State library with a copy, and he would therefore
withdraw his amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Holmes's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. ASHMUN offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the clause appro- ,
priating for the purchase of books for the Library j
of Congress: |
After " dollars," in line 46, add: j
« And of the two thousand copies of the Annals of Cob- j
gress contracted for by the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the Boose of Kepreaentatives by the act of Con-
gress passed March 30,1850, entitled ' An act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment forthe year ending 30th of June, 185!, and for other
purposes,' a further distribution, in addition to that already 1
authorized by law, shall be made as follows: One copy to
the library of the President of the United States; two copies
to each of the Executive Departments; five copies to the
Library of Congress; fifty copies to the Library of the
House of Representatives; twenty-five copes to the docu-
ment room of the Senate for the nse of the Senate; six
copies for the office of the Secretary of the Senate; three
hundred copies to colleges and literary institutions, and pub-
lic or incorporated libraries, one to be designated by each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate in Congress; twen-
ty-five copies for international exchanges; two copies to
the Executive office of each State and Territory; sixty
copies to supply the several Foreign Legations of the ITnited
States, to be deposited in and distributed under such regu-
lations as may be made by the Department of State; two
copies for the Military Academy, and two copies to the Na-
val School; two copies to the Smithsonian Institution;
one copy to each circuit and district court of the United
States; and the residue to be deposited in the Department
of State, subject to the future disposition of Coi^reas.
" And the amounts which may from time to time beeome
due to the publishers of the Annals of Congress under the
sobscriptions authorized by the act aforesaid, shall be and
are hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. A. said that his amendment did not author-
ize the printing or publication of any new works
beyond those already contracted for. The act of
the last session of Congress provided for a contract
for two thousand volumes of the Annals of Con-
gress, and directed them to be distributed to each
member of Congress, leaving a large number un-
distributed. The object of his amendment was to
distribute-the balance. It proposed no new con-
tract, but merely to distribute, according to the
judgment of Congress, books already contracted
for. He would state that it was substantially the
bill which had passed the Senate, but so modified
as to come within the rules of the House as an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
know whether this amendment or the resolution
which had been passed last session furnished a
complete series to all who were members of this
Congress? •-
Mr. ASHMUN replied that it did.
Mr. VINTON had no objection to the distribu-
tion proposed by the amend.ment, but he thought
that if these volumes were furnished to the mem-
bers of the present Congress, their successors would
appropriate them to themselves also, and that it
would lead to great expense.
Mr. ASHMUN begged leave to say that this
distribution 
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to or-
der. No further debate was in order on this
amendment. 
Mr. CARTTER wished to ask a question of
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN repeated, that no further de-
bate was in order.
Mr. CARTTER moved & pro forma amendment,
for the purpose of asking how much this was going
to cost?
Mr. ASHMUN replied, that the contract was
already made, and that this amendment was only
to provide for the distribution of the work. It
would not cost the Government one cent more
than it was already liable for.
Mr. CARTTER wished to ask how much
money was involved in the distribution ?
Mr* ASHMUN said not a cent.
Mr. CARTTER said that he understood the
number of volumes to be distributed under this
amendment would cost $150,000; and, as had been
remarked by his colleague, [Mr. Vinton], it was
only creating a vacancy to be filled by the next
Congress. It was a part and parcel 
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to or-
der. He was not explaining his amendment.
Mr. CARTTER had but a word more to say,
and it was this: he understood this to be a part
and parcel of the printing business that was going
on between Gales & Seaton and Ritchie & Com-
pany, and he did not know but 
The CHAIRMAN again called the gentleman
I to order.  
| Mr. CARTTER withdrew his amendment.
And the question being taken on Mr. Ashuun'i
amendment, it was agreed to. >
Mr. BRECK offered the following amendment: ,
" And for defraying the expenses of preparing the opin-
ions of the Attorneys General, under a resolution of this j
House, $2,0u0, to be expended under the direction of the 1
Attorney General."
Mr. B. said that he regretted exceedingly the
reflection which the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLaneI had thought it necessary to cast
upon the President, in regard to this matter. The
resolution in which this whole proceeding origin-
ated was passed about September last. As soon
1 afterwards as possible, the President procured a
I competent individual to carry out the order of the
House. There was not sufficient force in the of-
fice of the Attorney General to attend to it. The
House required only the preparation and copying
of such opinions as were proper to be published;
and it was therefore necessary that the individual
employed should be a lawyer competent to make
the proper discrimination. The President had
! employed a competent person for that purpose.
| The President, in response to the call of the House,
| had stated the number of pages which the docu-
ment would probably cover, and suggested a mode
for their publication. He had also forwarded
; about one thousand pages of the manuscript of
these opinions. There had been no improper
delay. The effort of the President and of the
Judiciary Committee had been to avoid the inter-
' minable delay about printing here. The House
had already had an account made out of $37,500,
for the printing of some opinions of the Supreme
Court, and the effort of the committee was to
avoid a like expense in this case. <•
Mr. SACKETT (interposing) inquired if these
opinions would not be collected and published un-
der the resolution of last session, whether this
amendment was adopted or not?
Mr. BRECK said, that it was for the House to
provide for the publication of these opinions, as it
thought proper. The committee thought that this
was the Best mode. But however that might be,
there waS no ground for censure or reflection,
either on the President or on the individual who
had been employed to prepare these opinions.
The work had been hastened as much as it possi-
bly could be, considering the number of opinions
to be collected and gone through. He hoped that
if the committee refused to publish the opinions in
the manner proposed, they would, at least, in
accordance with the suggestion of the President,
make an appropriation to compensate this individ-
ual for his labors. The President thought that as
this gentleman was a competent lawyer, and had
been taken away from this business, eight dollars
a day would not be unreasonable compensation;
but he (Mr. B.) had fixed the amount of the ap-
propriation at $2,000, and left the money to be
expended under the direction of the Attorney Gen-
eral, He hoped the amendment would prevail.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said that he was op-
posed to the amendment. During the last session
of Congress, an act was passed giving the Attor-
ney General a clerk at a salary of $2,000. Here-
tofore the Attorney General of the United States
had had no clerk. The duties of the office had
been heretofore as arduous and burdensome as
they are at this time. They had no complaint from
that distinguished officer that he had not time to
discharge these duties. But at the last session of
Congress it was thought proper to give him an ex-
tra clerk at a salary of $2,000. The resolution in
which this matter originated, was simply a reso-
lution calling upon the President to have these
opinions prepared and sent to the House. It was
certainly the duty of the President, when that
resolution was forwarded to him, to call upon the
Attorney General of the United States to have
them prepared and forwarded to the House. It
should have been done by the Attorney General,
or by this clerk that was given him at the last ses-
sion of Congress. There was no reason what-
ever why the President or the Attorney General
should have employed another individual to per-
form the duties that properly devolved upon the
I Attorney General.
i Mr. BRECK (interrupting) said that the Presi-
dent had stated in his communication to the
House, that the force in the Attorney General's
office was wholly insufficient, and could not per-
form this labor.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Yes, the President
' said so. He (Mr. F.) could not see upon what
! ground the President could make such a declara-
tion. He did not know of any additional duties
that had been devolved upon the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States. Hitherto he had been
able to perform the duties that properly devolved
upon him, without additional assistance or ex-
pense. He should like to know how the clerk
given to the Attorney General during the last ses-
sion of Congress was employed, and what duties
he discharged? Why has he not been employed
in preparing this manuscript ? He could see no
reason why an item of this sort should be inserted
in this bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the amendment so as to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar. He said that he was in
favor of paying this clerk, and thought the sum
proposed was not too great. The gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Featherston] was slightly mis-
taken in regard to this matter. The call for
these opinions was on the President, and not on
the Attorney General. The President had no
clerk, and had no right to employ the clerk of the
i Attorney General to prepare these opinions, and
he therefore employed this person to make the
copies; and after having been so employed it was
the duty of Congress to pay him. He hoped the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
j would prevail.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said that he was op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. He knew something of the facts
j of the case, as he believed the resolution referred
| to had been introduced by him. He had thought
! it important that these opinions should be collected
I and such disposition made of them as might render
| them accessible and useful to the members of both
| Houses and the various officers in the different De-
, partments of Government. He believed so yet, for
; it was frequently necessary, not only for members
of Congress to examine these opinions, but also
| equally, if not more so, for officers of the Execu-
tive Departments. The resolution, therefore, had
not been introduced for the purpose of distributing
extra copies among members. It was true, what
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had said, that
when the call was made on the President, he had
, no clerks under his control whom he could employ
in copying these opinions; and it was also true
that the President was required to call upon the
Attorney General as the proper officer to super-
intend this work. When the President, there-
fore, called upon the Attorney General, it was the
duty of that officer to employ the clerk given him
last session—given him for such purposes—in the
discharge of this duty. If that clerk did not dis-
' charge such duties as these, what was he to b 
