668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. $4,
employed in doing? He was not appointed at the
Inst session to discharge the duties of Attorney
General, but such duties as the transcription of the
papers called for had been contemplated. He (Mr.
F.) was therefore opposed to paying this extra
clerk.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomp-
son'; amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved, as a pro
form* amendment, to strikeout, and insert$1,900.
He  iid that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. '
Brcck] seemed to apprehend that, in opposing
the restitution, he had reflected upon the President
of the United States.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Maryland must confine himself strictly to the
explanation of his amendment.
Mr. McLANE would do so. He thought that
$1,900 was an ample sum to compensate the clerk
employed in the copying of these opinions. The
time tnat it would occupy would be about six
months; and at the rate of compensation usually
paid for copying, that sum would be a large one.
in his judgment it was proper that Congress
should, in its appropriation bills, provide for the
payment of work tnat it had ordered for it. In
respect to the course of remark adopted by the
gentleman from Kentucky, to which ne was led
by the reflection that officers were called upon to
give some account of the orders of Congress, he
might say that he had not intended to cast any re- ,
flection on the President of the United States.
What he meant to say in reference to this point '
was, that the original call of the House for these
opinions was a simple call for information, for a
document copy to be sent to the House. The
President, or the Attorney General, had aright to
«mploy any person they chose to perform das
work; but when called upon to do so, he ought to
have transmitted the information to the House.
He (Mr. McL.) repeated, that he thought that
the President had departed from the usual mode of
answering these calls. He was perfectly willing
to vote a reasonable and proper remuneration to
the person who had been employed in copying the 1
opinions of the Attorneys General; but he had no
idea that any other mode of publication than the
one usual in such cases had been contemplated.
Mr. BREOK said that the gentleman from r
Maryland [Mr. McLane] had expressed hissur- j
prise that these copies had not yet been returned; 1
and had, apparently, reflected upon the President
for not having sooner furnished them, as he had
been called upon to do so. That gentleman must
remember, however, that it was a labor of months;
that it would require at least six months to copy
them. It was not yet five months since the Pres-
ident had employed a competent individual to copy
these opinions.
Mr. McLANE (interposing) said that'he did
not intend to reflect upon the President. He did 1
not expect that the copying eould be finished in a
shorter time than six months.
Mr. BRECK (continuing) said that he was
also surprised at the ignorance that had been dis-
played as to the amount of labor that devolved
upon the Attorney General. Besides this, it
seemed to be forgotten that the clerk that had been
given him was merely a copying clerk; and gen-
tlemen who were aware of the nature and extent
of the duties that appertained to the responsible
office of Attorney General, must know that the
services of this clerk would be called into full
requisition. Again: the copying Of these opinions
could not be done by a simple copying clerk. The '
President, knowing this, had employed a lawyer
to do the copying. It required discrimination to
make tbe selection of these opinions that was ne-
cessary, and a copying clerk could hardly be sup-
posed to be a fit person to make these selections.
He thought that all reasonable dispatch had been
made, and he hoped that the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland would not prevail.
The question was then taken on Mr. Breck's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved the
following amendment to the clause appropriating
money for the purchase of books for the Library of
Congress, viz:
"To enable the Smithsonian Institution to publish anew
fdnion of VVilkes's Narrative and tlic accompanying aeries
of paper*, tin-, plate* and engraving* of which have been
made at the pxpenseot the United State*, be, and Ihey are
Hereby, ordered to be delivered over to the raid Institution,
to t  iivrt f„r that purpnw."
He said th t, as these plates were valuable and
the Congress of the United States did not propose
to use them, he should be glad that some use
might be made of them. It appeared to him that
the Smithsonian Institution was as proper a party
to whom to intrust these plates for publication as
any. Congress had already provided lor the dis-
tribution of books published by that Institution.
He (Mr. T.) did not wish that they should be pub-
lished and distributed among members; but, as it
was really a valuable work and a new edition was
called for, he thought it was proper that the pub-
lication should be intrusted to the Smithsonian
Institution.
Mr. WENTWORTH (interposing^ said that
he thought that it was quite proper that conies of
the work should be distributed among memoersof
Congress. He would, therefore, ask the gentle-
man from Mississippi to modify his amendment
so as to furnish each member of Congress with a
copy of Wilkes's Exploring Expedition. He had
been a member of that body eight years, and al-
though he had received copies of other works, he
had never received a copy of this; nor had he ever
heard of other members receiving copies.
Mr. THOMPSON stated that only about one
hundred copies had been published.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that he was entirely
opposed to the amendment, unless modified as he
had indicated.
Mr. THOMPSON wished to explain that the
original resolution provided for the publication of
only one hundred copies. There was a great de-
mand for the work, and it was desirable to have
copies that might be furnished to different foreign
nations. There were only, he believed, twenty
copies left in the Library.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if it had ever
been distributed to members of Congress ?
Mr. THOMPSON said that copies never had
been distributed among members.
Mr. WENTWORTH requested the gentleman
from Mississippi to modify his amendment as he
had desired.
Mr. THOMPSON said that books published
by the Smithsonian Institution were distributed
among the various libraries, and he was willing
that such a distribution should take place.
Mr. WENTWORH again inquired if the gen-
tleman from Mississippi would modify his amend-
ment ?
Mr. THOMPSON mid that he was opposed to
giving copies to members of Congress.
Mr. WENTWORTH then moved to amend
Mr. Thompson's amendment, by adding that a
copy of the work should be furnished to each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate to the pres-
ent Congress.
Mr. STEVENS said that lie was opposed to
the amendment to the amendment. lie under-
stood that the original amendment merely contem-
plated giving the plates to the Smithsonian Institu-
tion for that Institution to publish them. Congress
had a perfect right to do this; but he could not
understand by what right they could call upon the
Institution to furnish a copy to each member of
Congress from its own resources. If Congress
intended granting an appropriation to defray the
expense of the publication and distribution, as
the gentleman from Illinois proposed, he would
have no objection to it; but unless such an appro-
priation were made, he should feel himself com-
pelled Co vote against the gentleman's amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Went-
worth's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomp-
son's amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following
amendment, to come in under the appropriations
to the State Department:
" For salary of an Assistant Secretary of State, who shall
be appointed and employed in the Department of Htate in
the performance of such duties as may be as igned to him
by the Secretary of Htate, $2,500. And for the salaries of
four additional clerks to be employed in tlie same Depart-
ment, $6,000; and for one other clerk #1,000. Proinded,
That whenever any diplomatic representative of the United
States at a foreign Government shall he absent from his
legation, and not in consequence of any order or instruction
of tbe Department of State, his salary during sucli absence
shall be forfeited to the United States, and  o much thereof
may be paid over, under the direction of the Department of
Htate, to any agent who shall have performed the duUes of
the legation during such absence under the direction of said
Departments as shall not exceed the salary of a charg6
d'affaires of the United States, for the came time: Prorided
furlKtr, That the receipt of such compensation by such
temporary ayent shall be taken to be a renunciation and
discharge ol his claim to any other or further compensation
for the same time."
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise,
with a view of moving thut the House take a re-
cess until six o'clock.
Mr. McGAUGHEY believed that that could be
done by unanimous consent, without rising
[Cries of " Let us rise!"]
The CHAIRMAN said that no debate was in
order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
, resumed the Chair, the dutirman of the committee
reported progress.
Mr. BAA LY moved, that for the balance of
the session the House take a reces.i each day from
half-past three until six o'clock.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the gentleman
from Virginia modify his amendment, so as to
except the last day of the session.
Mr. BAYLY adopted the suggested.
Mr. McMULLEN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " six" and inserting " seven
o'clock."
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question
The previous question having received a sec-
ond, the main question was ordered; which main
question was first on agreeing to Mr. McMul-
len's amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Bayly's
motion; and, being taken, it was agreed to.
The hour having arrived at which the House
had agreed by resolution to take a recess, the
Speaker vacated the chair.
EVENING SESSION.
The House again assembled at six o'clock, p.
m., according to adjournment; but there was no
quorum present.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, a call of the
House was ordered.
The roll having been called, fifty-three members
answered to their names.
The doors were then closed. The list of the ab-
sentees was called over, and excuses offered for
those who were necessarily absent; which 'excuses
were accepted. The House refused to excuse
others.
Mr. JONES said that the object of the call was
to obtain a quorum. He had no doubt that there
were sufficient outside the Hall to make a quorum.
He therefore moved that all further proceedings
on the call be dispensed with; which question was
taken by tellers, (Messrs. Corwin and Jones act-
ing,) and decided in the negative—ayes 41, noes
50.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was rejected.
The call was further proceeded in, and excuses
were received for several gentlemen who were ab-
sent; when,
On motion by Mr. BAYLY—a quorum now
being present—further proceedings in the call
were dispensed with.
THE FIVE-MINUTES RULE.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to enable him to introduce a resolution
to suspend, so far as action on the civil and diplo-
matic Dill was concerned, the rule which provides
"that where debate is closed by order of the
House any member shall be allowed in committee
five minutes to explain any amendment he may
offer."
Objection was made by several.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays, on
the motion; which were ordered; and, being
taken, were—yeas D2, nays 36; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashinun, B'w/nfIm'j'
Bissell, Bocock, Bowlin, Boyd, Hrigss. Bnsbm, •
Brown. Burrows, Burt, Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, oasey.
Chandler, Cleveland, ciingman, Cole, Congei , ,^
hain, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Fea her!t™> Fwedtey,
Fuller, Giimore, Gott. Ctould, Grinnell, Hall, Hallow ay,
Hampton, Sampson Harris, Hay  H > 'Hunter'
Hibbard, 'Hoi Jay, Houston, >ward Ho«eHunter
