1851.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
669
Pitman, Putnam, Reed,Itisley,Robinson,Rose,Ross, Rum- ,
sey, Stckett, Sawtells, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spauldtng, Frederick P. Stanton, Ststaon, Taylor, Cnder-
}i>]!, Vinion, YTatkins, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey, and 1
Williams—99. '
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Averett, Joseph Cable, W. R. ,
W. Cobb, Coleoek, Deberry, Dimmick, Don, Duncan,
Durltee, Fiteh, Gorman, Hamilton, Haralson, Thomas L.
Hams, Joseph XV. Jackson, Job Mann, Matteson, McCler-
Band, R. M. MeLane, McQueen, Morris, Orr, Parker,
Penn, Phelps, Robbins, Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson. Waldo, Wallaae, Wildrick, and
Woodward—36.
So the rule# were suspended, and Mr. Bayly's
resolution was introduced and agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which it was agreed to, and to lay that motion on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House went
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the civil and diplomatic bill.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
McClerkand—pending when the House took a
recess—providingfor the appointment of an Assist-
ant Secretary of State, at a salary of $3,500 per
annum; and appropriating #6,000 for the salaries
of four additional clerks, and for one other clerk
at $1,000 per annum—
Mr. RUMSEY raised the question of order, that
the amendment was not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point, and
ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND then modified his amend-
ment by striking out all thereof except the appro-
priations for the salaries of an Assistant Secretary
of State and five clerks.
Mr. JONES objected to any modification of the
proposition.
The CHAIRMAN ruled that the gentleman
had the right to modify his amendment.
Mr. STRONG made a point of order against the
amendment, that it created new offices.
The CHAIRMAN also decided this amendment
out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed from this de-
cision. i
And the question being put to the committee, the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendment, to come in under the head of State
Department, viz:
" For binding tile letters, dispatches, and other papers
which have accumulated in this Department, $1,500."
The question was taken by tellers on the adop-
tion of thia amendment, (Messrs. Ashmun and
Waldo acting,) and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 60, noes not counted.
Mr. B., under instructions from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendments, to come in under the head of "State
Department;" which were severally read and
agreed to, viz:
" For compiling, printing and binding the Biennial Regis-
ter for 1849, #1,294 25."
" for compline, printing, and binding the Biennial Regis-
ter for 1851, $1,800: Provided, That an additional column
be inserted therein, showing the State or Territory from
which each person was appointed to office: Jind provided
further, Thai one copy of the same be sent to each of the
Secretaries of State of the States."
" For the expense incurred under the joint resolution, ap-
proved September 26,1850, relating to the publication of
the laws of the United States for the years 1850 and 1851,
$6,250."
Mr. B., under instructions from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, introduced the follow-
ing amendment, to come in after the clause appro-
priating for the Third Auditor's office; which was
agreed to:
" For compensation to temporary clerks employed in the
office of the Third Auditor in making out certificates of ser-
vice from the muster-rolls of 18X2, and the several Indian
wars, $23,310: Provided, That no clerk shall receive more
than at the rate of $1,000 per annum under the act, except
one whose salary shall be $1,600 per annum, and four others
whose per diem shall be $4.
Mr. B., under instructions from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, introduced a proposi-
tion to so amend the clause appropriating for clerks
in the office of the Solicitor of the Treasury as to
read as follows:
" For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treasury, and
the clerks and messengers in his office, $13,850; the sal-
ary of one of the clerks In the office, per act of June 17,1844,
being hereby increased to $1,000 per annum."
Tellers were called for on this amendment, and
Messrs. Hamilton and Haymojjd were appointed; |
' and the question being taken, the amendment was ,
' agreed to—ayes 88, noes 33. I
■ Mr. B., under instructions from the Commit-
! tee of Ways and Means, introduced the follow-
j ing amendment, to come in under the item of ap-
1 propriation for the office of the Secretary of the
j Treasury:
I " For printing twenty thousand copies of the report on
: commerce and navigation of the United Sates, three hun-
dred and seventy-two pages rule and figure work, at the
prices oi 1819, deducting thirty-fire per cent, according to
agreement, aud binding eight thousand sue hundred and ten
copies of the same, per act approved September 16,1850,
$10,295: Provided, That hereafter said reports be printed
by the public printer as other public documents."
Mr. MoLANE, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment, so as to provide that the payment
shall be made at the rate of fifty per cent, reduction
from the prices of the resolution of 1819.
Mr. BaYLY desired to explain, that theamend-
, ment provided for a payment in virtue of a written
contract.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. McLANE then moved to strike out the
amendment of Mr. Baylt, and insert " for print-
ing the report of commerce and navigation,
$10,000;" which was rejected.
The question being on the adoption of the amend-
' ment, tellers were called for and ordered, and
Messrs. Ashmun and Meade appointed. The
question was taken, and decided in the affirmative
—ayes 75, noes 44.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, under instructions
from the Committee of Ways and Means, the
clause appropriating f1,700 for blank books, bind-
ing, stationery, printing, office furniture, including
carpeting and labor, in the office of the Third
Auditor, was so amended as to make it read
$2,700.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the bill by inserting after line two hundred and
one, under the head of Southeast Executive Build-
ing, the following:
" To replace the steps of the west portico of the Treasury
Building, and to alter the draft of the chimneys in said build-
ing, the sum of $3,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Superintendent of the Southeast Executive Build-
ing."
Mr. S. asked that a letter from the Executive
| Department in support of the proposition might
Tffld
i Mr. ROOT objected.
Mr. McLANE called for the reading of the
fifty-seventh rule, which provides that when the
reading of a paper is called for, and the same is
objected to by any member, it shall be determined
by a vote of the House.
The CHAIRMAN decided that under the order
of the House by which the rule allowing a mem-
ber five minutes in which to explain an amend-
ment had been suspended, nothing could be read,
except by the unanimous consent of the commit-
tee.
Mr. McLANE asked the unanimous consent
that the rule might be read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved the following
amendment, to come in after the clause making ap-
propriation for the General Land Office:
"For compensation to registers and receivers, and ex-
registers and receivers at the land offices of the United
States, for heretofore locating Mexican military bounty land
warrants, so as to make their compensation equal to what
such officers would have received had the same quantity
of land been entered at their offices respectively at the
minimum price by cash payments, $30,000.
Mr. JONES raised the question of order, that
as the amendment was to change an existing law
it was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out
of order.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to strike out the item
which increased the salary of the chief clerk of the
Commissioner of Pensions $100 per annum.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment,
Mr. R. called for tellers, but they were re-
fused.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendment:
"For temporary clerks in the Pension Offiee, $90,733 33:
Provided, That said temporary clerks shall not be allowed
more than $3 33per day."
Mr. ROBINSON moved to strike out all of the
amendment, and insert the following, which, he
said, had been agreed upon by the select com-
mittee recently appointed in regard to the execu-
tion of the bounty land law:
" For compensation for thirty-seven olerks in the Pension
Offiee, required In consequence of the bounty land act of
September 98, 1350, $45,000: Provided, That said clerki
shall be paid as follows: one principal clerk of said bounty
land business, at a salary of $1,600 per annum; one assist-
ant clerk at a salary of $1,400 per annum; and thirty-five
clerks at $333)£ per diem: Provided, further, That said
appointments shall be considered temporary, and that the
Secretary of the Interior be required to dispense nith the
services of said temporary clerks whenever the public in-
terests connected with the business now requiring thsir
employment will permit."
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Bayi.y was then agreed
to.
Mr. JOHN A. KING moved the following
amendment, to come in after the item making ap-
propriation for the contingent expenses of the
office of the Secretary of the Interior:
" For the Patent Office report, and the expenses connect-
ed with the collection of agricultural statistics, $4,000."
Mr. BAYLY said that matter had been consid-
ered by the Committee of Ways and Means, and
rqected.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected—ayes 60, noes 70.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to amend one
of the items under the head of Navy Department,
by striking out the words:
" The chief clerk being restored to the salary he received
' as chief clerk to the late navy board."
'} The amendment was rejected.
1! Mr. VINTON moved to insert in the bill, under
the head of the Post Office Department, the fol-
lowing items, which were stricken out of the Post
Office appropriation bill:
" For compensation of three Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral, clerks, messengers, assistant messengers, and watch-
men of said Department, $95,900.
For compensation of the superintendent ef the Post Office
building, $250.
For compensation of temporary clerks, $1,000.
For contingent expenses of said Department, viz :
For blank Dooks, binding, stationery, fuel for the Gen-
eral Post Office building, oil, gas, and candles, printing,
labor, and day watchman, $9,700.
For miscellaneous items, $800.
For repairs ofthe General Post Office building, for otficn
furniture, glazing, and whitewashing, $1,500.
For compensahon of the Auditor of the Post Office De -
partment, and the clerks, messengers, and assistant mes-
senger, in his office, $103,200.
For contingent expenses, viz: Blank books, hindinjc,
stationery, labor, printing, blanks, circulars, and furniture,
$9,300."
! Thequestion was taken, and the amendment was
| agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND, under instructions from
I the Committee on Foreign Affairs, moved an
amendment, to come in under the head of " Inter-
course with foreign nations," after the clause
making appropriation for the ministers of the
| United States abroad, the following:
"Provided, That the act entitled ' An act to carry into ef-
; feet the convention between the United States and the Em-
; perorof Brazil,' concluded the 27th day of January, 1849,
, shall be and the same is hereby continued in force for the
■ period of one year from and after the first day of March
II next."
I The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
j Mr. HENRY moved to increase the salary of
the minister at Turkey from six thousand dollars
to nine thousand dollars; which was not agreed to.
] Mr. McCLERNAND moved to strike out the
j appropriation for Charge des Affaires to Guate-
! mala and Nicaragua, and insert in lieu thereof the
I following:
" For outfit and salary of an envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary to the Governments of the several
States of Central America, $8,000.
! « For salary of the secretary of legation to the Govern
j meuts of said States, $2,000
I Mr. McC. said that he offered the amendment
! at the recommendation of the Secretary of State.
< It was to establish two missions instead of one.
' [Loud cries of " Order!" and "No debate!"]
Mr. ASHMUN called for tellers, which were
ordered; and Messrs. Williams and Stetson ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes net counted.
j So the amendment was not agreed to.
; Mr. BAYLY said that he was not prepared
j with all his amendments. He moved that the
! committee rise.
