1S51.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
without either pay or rations several months in
each of the years 1812, 1813, and 1814, and in
consideration of such service, they think them-
selves entitled to one hundred and sixty acres of
land each.
Also, a memorial from Edward Thompson, |
Wells Cooper, and others, styling themselves j
« Old Defenders of Baltimore in the war of 1812,"
asking that land warrants may be made assign- r
able. T"hey say that unlocated warrants are worth j
more to them than the patented lands, and that j
they do not desire to reside on the land thus
granted; that the expense of agencies and taxes
will be an annual charge which they could avoid
if the warrants were made assignable. They com-
plain, also, that the preventing of the sale of cer-
tificates assumes that those entitled to the gratuity
are not competent to act for themselves, whereas
many of them are among the most intelligent and
respectable citizens of the States. The memorial
was referred to the Committee on Military Af- j
fairs.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial from citizens of
Germantown, asking a modification of the bounty
land law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE presented eight petitions from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying the immediate re-
peal of the fugitive slave law; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Bond county, in the State of Illinois, ask-
ing a donation of land for the establishment of an
agricultural school and experiment farm; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands. .
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Illinois,
in favor of a donation of land for the improve-
ment of the Kaskaskia river; which was read, and
ordered to be printed. \
Mr. GWIN. I have a letter, in the shape of a
memorial, which I am desired to present to the !
Senate, signed by all the members of the Legisla-
ture of Oregon, together with the Governor of
that Territory, asking for an increase of the salary
of the collector at Astoria. The memorial states
that the present compensation of that officer is en-
tirely inadequate. He has been in the discharge of
his duties for a length of time, and yet tha ex-
penses—and they were very great—which he in-
curred in getting to the country, have not been
paid, as in the case of other officers subsequently
sent there. They ask that the salary of the col-
lector at Astoria may be put on the same footing
with the salaries of other officers. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN also presented the memorial of John
Plumbe, in behalf of the settlers and miners in the
city and county of Sacramento, remonstrating
against the granting of a charter to Asa Whitney,
for the construction of a railroad to the Pacific;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of residents
of Kennebec, Maine, in favor of a speedy repeal
of the late act of Congress for the delivery of
fugitive slaves; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a memorial from citizens of the town of
Scarborough, in the State of Maine asking an ap-
propriation in order to place buoys at the entrance
of Scarborough river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial from the
assistant marshal for taking the census in Otsego
county, New York, asking extra compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, a petition from citizens of Buffalo, claim-
ants to bounty land under the act of September
28, 1850, asking for a modification of the same;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Madison
county, New York, in favor of the repeal of the
fugitive slave law; which was ordered to lie on the
talle.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Burlington county, New Jersey, asking
the immediate repeal of the fugitive slave law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from citizens of New Jersey,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of the
legal representatives of Joseph Forbes, deceased,
submitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed, closing with asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, which
was agreed to. .
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred a resolution of the
Senate directing an inquiry into the expediency of
coining dollars, halves, and quarters, of gold and
silver blended, reported a bill amendatory of the
existing laws relating to those coins; which was
read and passed to a second reading, and is as fol-
lows :
A BILL amendatory of existing laws relative to the half 1
dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and half dime. ■
! Be it enacted iy the Senate and House of Representa- ,
, tives of the l/nited States of America in Congress assem-
j bled, Tbatfrom the period hereinafter designated, the weight
i of the half dollar, or piece of fifty cents, shall be one hun-
i dred and ninety grains and two eighths of a grain; the weight
! of the quarter dollar, or piece of twenty-five cents, shall
be ninety-five grains and five eighths of a grain; the weight
of the dune, or piece of ten cents, shall be thirty-eight grains
and one fourth of a grain ; the weight of the half dime, or
i piece of five cents, shall be nineteen grains and one eighth
of a grain; and that the said coins shall be legal tenders of
1 payment, according to their nominal value, for any sum less j
than five dollars. "
Bec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law- I
ful for the Treasurer of the Mint, under the instructions of
the Director, to purchase silver bullion, which shall be de- |
posited by the said Treasurer for coinage into pieces of fifty,
twenty-five, ten, and five cents; and that the said coins, i
when received, may be delivered by him, in exchange for
their legal equivalent in other gold or silver coins of the
United States, to any persons who shall apply for them:
Provided, That the Bum asked for shall not be less than ten
dollars.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the said coins
may, at the discretion of the Director, be delivered in any of
the principal cities and towns of the United States at the
cost of the Mint for transportation.
i Sec. 4. -And be it further enacted, That the money which
! shall be received in exchange for the said coins shall be a
; (tod in the hands of the Treasurer of the Mint, which shall
be used in the purchase of silver bullion to be converted
into said coins, and to pay the expense of their transporta-
tion, and if there be a surplus the same shall be appropria-
ted to defray the contingent expenses of the Mint.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That until the said
And shall have accumulated by the sales herein authorized,
and whenever, for other reasons, it may be convenient, it
shall he lawful to apply such portion of the contingent fund
of the Mint as may be needful, in the purchase of the silver
bullion required for the purposes of this act, the amount of
which shall afterwards be reimbursed to that fund; and it
shall further be lawful to employ, in the coinage of said
pieces, any silver in the bullion fund of the Mint which may
conveniently be spared, and to sell the coins which shall be
derived therefrom conformably to the terms of this act:
Provided, That from the proceeds of such sales the legal
value of the silver bus withdrawn, estimated in dollars,
shall be restored to the bullion fond aforesaid.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no deposits fer
coinage into the half dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and half
dime, shall hereafter be received other than those made by
the Treasurer of the Mint as herein authorized.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of this act are hereby extended to the Branch Mint at New
Orleans, and to the officers thereof.
8*c. 8. And be it further enacted, That, to provide for
any deficiency in the means for procuring silver to be coined
under the terms of this act, there is hereby appropriated for
that purpose, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to the Mint of the United States at Phil-
adelphia, the sum of $30,000, and a like sum to the Branch
Mint at New Orleans.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be
in force from and after the first day of April, 1851.
Mr. HUNTER, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and fo'r fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with the various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30,1852, reported it back with amend-
ments.
Mr. HUNTER. These amendments are merely
verbal, and I ask that they may be at once con-
sidered and the bill disposed of.
The amendments were read, as follows:
In line 146, after the word "for," strike out
" life."
In line 156, after the word "treaty," insert
"and ninth article of the treaty of 20th January,
1825."
In line 165, strikeout " seventeenth" and insert
«* sixteen."
In line 762, strike out the word " five."
In line 818, strike out "thirtieth" and insert
" thirtSfenth."
No objection having been made, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill and amendments. The amendments hav-
ing been agreed to, the bill was reported to the
Senate, and the amendments were concurred in,
and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. The bill was read a third time
as amended, by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to au-
thorize the correction of erroneous locations of
military bounty land warrants by actual settlers
on the public lands in certain cases, reported back
the same without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to grant to actual settlers certain
land in the State of Arkansas, reported it back with
an amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the Mayor and Common Council of
Brooklyn, New York, in favor of the establishment
of a line of mail steamers to the western coast of
Africa, reported adverse to the printing of the
same; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to communicate to the Senate a copy of any proxy or
proxies riven to any person or persons to represent the
stock of the United States in the Louisville and Portland
Canal, and of any instructions given in reference to said
stock; and also that he obtain, and communicate to the
Senate, a list of the stockholders in said canal, and the
amount of stock held by them respectively.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to remove obstructions to the navigation of the rivers Sacra
mento and San Joaquin, and San Francisco, Humboldt,
Trinidad, and San Diego bays, in the State of California.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
transmit to the Senate a copy of the record and proceedings
of the naval court martial held at Washington for the trial
of Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, a post captain in the Navy,
together with any correspondence that may have passed be-
tween the Secretary of the Navy and Commodore Jones re-
lating to his arrest and trial, between the 7th day of Septem-
ber, 1850, and the 18th of February, 1851, inclusive; if not
transmitted before the close of the session, the same to be
received by the Secretary of the Senate, and, when re-
ceived, that the usual number be printed for the use of tha
Senate.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Winchester, in Frederick
county, Virginia, via the Capon Springs, in Hampshire coun-
ty, to Moorefield, in Hardy county, Virginia.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That there be paid, under the direction of the
Committee to audit and control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, to the officers, clerks, messengers, pages, and
laborers in the employment of the Senate, and to the boys
employed in carrying the mail, the same amounts respec-
tively that were allowed them at the close of the last short
session.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting the
right of way through the public lands of theUni-
ted States to companies authorized by the State of
Louisiana to construct plank roads in said State,
with the right of preemption to a portion of the
public lands; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RECOMMITMENT.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions on the memorial of the widow
of Captain E. G. Elliot, of the United States
Army, and ordered that the said report be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
RELIEF OF AN INDIAN AGENT.
On motion by Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded
to consider, as" in Committee of the Whole, the
bill for the relief of William B. Hart.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to pay to William B. Hart, assignee
of Alexander Anderson, Samuel Cobb, James
Pickens, and of the legal representatives of John
i B. Forrester, deceased, the sum of $44,559, to in-
: demnify him for extra expenses and losses incurred
! in emigrating Choctaw Indians.
