THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.
—TERMS
$1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 27,
1851.
New Series....No. 43.
I struck that out and put in this, which includes
my own State also. I think the Senator is right
in trying to reduce the postage as much as possible,
but I think in California they will not care a six-
r:nce about the reduction from ten to five cents.
am told that they know nothing about so small
a sum as three cents in California, and I think it
will be found that if the reduction is made, the
result will be that the postmasters will throw up
their commissions, and the people of California
would hare fewer officers.
Mr. GWIN. The House bill provides amply
for that. It provides for tlie present percentage
for the officers. The objection will be removed if
the House bill should be adopted. That sugges-
tion of the Postmaster General was made without
reference to newspapers and periodicals. But I am
prepared to show that he is mistaken in the esti-
mates with regard to the diminution of the revenue,
if the reduction is confined to letters. He says
there will be a great loss if the reduction is con-
fined to printed matter; but this is confined to let-
ters. I am sure that the past increase of mailable
matter and letters between California and the other
sections of the Union would in a great degree re-
move these objections. I am perfectly confident
that the number of letters would be fourfold what
they now are, if the postage is reduced. But I
will not detain the Senate. I hope, however,
they will establish the principle of uniformity in
this bin.
With regard to that portion of Texas which will
be affected by this bill, it will be but a small portion
of the western part, where there is but little cor-
respondence with the northern States, although
there may be a great increase between that portion
of the country and New Orleans. The otherparts
of the United States will not be affected by this
provision.
Mr. W ALKER. For my life I cannot see that
the bill makes any discrimination at present against
California. People there will not have to pay any
postage for that long distance, unless for corre-
spondence with persons at that distance. Suppose
the people of California have to pay according to
these rates for correspondence with New York,
the citizens of New York have to pay the same
for correspondence with California. I do not see
that it is any more a discrimination against Cali-
fornia than against New York or any other part
of the country in correspondence with California.
She is placed on an equal footing with the other
States of the Union, and I cannot see how it has
entered the head of any person that the bill makes
any discrimination. It is evident there must be
two parties to the correspondence, and the postage
which each will have to pay will be the same.
Mr. GWIN. If a letter is sent from New York
to Wisconsin only three cents is paid; but if
a citizen of Wisconsin writes to a citizen of Cali-
fornia, he must pay six cents; or if a citizen of
California writes to New York he must pay six
cents.
Mr. WALKER. That is clear. If we corre-
spond with New York we pay three cents, and if
we correspond with California we pay six cents.
But I do not look upon it as a discrimination.
There will be a great deal of correspondence be-
tween my own State and California, and of course
the citizens of my State will have to pay their
share of the postage as well as the citizens of Cal-
ifornia. I do not think they will consider it any
discrimination against them. All the discrimina-
tion is, that if a person writes to another within a
certain distance, he pays three cents, and if he
writes to another beyond a certain distance he
pays six cents, whether he lives in California,
New York, or Wisconsin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on
the amendment proposed by the Committee of the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. That question, then, is on the
adoption of the substitute for the bill of the House.
I hope it will not be adopted. I am perfectly con-
fident that if we eannot pass the House bill, we
shall lose «h«ap postage for this wssion. It is
43
notorious that every question we have decided to
adopt has been one which was decided against in
the House. I will not detain the Senate, but I do
urge the Senate to reject the amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON. For the purpose of making
the bill conform to the House bill, I move to re-
vive the amendment which I proposed the other
day with regard to newspapers. It was offered
the other day in Committee of the Whole. It is
this: to strike out the following words, commencing
in the fourth line of the second section:
" The postage on the regular number* of a newspaper
published weekly, for any distance not exceeding fifty miles,
Khali he five cents per quarter."
And insert these words:
" All newspapers, published weakly only, shall circulate
in the mail free of postage, within the county where pub-
lished. "
Mr. RUSK. I am not going to debate this
Question at all. It was debated at length the other
ay, and was voted down by the Senate. It is a
, distinction which will create confusion and discon-
. tent; it will diminish the commission of the post-
masters at the small offices, and produce discon-
tent in that way; and it will select one class of
newspapers for the purpose of throwing them en-
tirely upon the bounty of the Government without
paying a cent. It will be, in my judgment, an
injury to the newspapers themselves; for where a
postmaster is bound to deliver papers without a
sixpence for his trouble, he will be more careless.
And then, instead of trying to extend the circula-
tion of such papers, as they now do, it will be for
their interest to diminish their circulation. This
has been tried before, and the result was, that in-
stead of operating for the benefit of the country
presses, it operated directly against them. Such
was the confusion and discontent, that at the next
session after its passage the law was repealed,
and one cent postage was substituted. This al-
ready reduces the postage from fifty-two cents a
year to twenty cents; and who will grumble at
that?
Mr. DICKINSON. As I offered it the other
day, there was an addition to the amendment of
the words, "to the distance of thirty miles from
.the office of publication." It is now confined to
the circulation within the county. 1 know it is
too late to debate the amendment now, and I do
not feel disposed to do so; but I think it should be
adopted on every principle of justice and propri-
ety; and I think that none of the consequences
which have been suggested will follow. I revive it
for this reason, that the principle is contained in
the House bill, and I desire to know which will
prevail, as it is to be tested in the Senate.
Mr. CASS. I have no desire to enter into a
discussion upon this amendment, but I rise to ex-
press the wish that it may be adopted. I consider
it one of the most important means for the dissem-
ination of such information as these local presses
communicate. We all know that the support of
county newspapers is a hard business, at any rate.
We want the county papers in our own neighbor-
hood sustained, and if they are not the means of
information which they diffuse will be lost to the
people. They are the best means of diffusing in-
formation which we have.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say a word. I
am opposed to the amendment for this reason:
that it discriminates not in favor of the local press,
so far as my own State is concerned, but against
it. Look at the western States and see what will
be the effect upon the local papers. How many
papers circulate in the counties where they are
published? Comparatively none, and in the ma-
jority of our counties it would be no relief to them
nor their subscribers. It would discriminate in
favor of the people in the cities and densely pop-
ulated portions of the country, but to no extent
to be appreciated by papers in the new States; for
the papers there are circulated hundreds of miles
from the place where they are published, and be-
yond the limits of the counties.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and the yeas and nays bang or-
dered, the remit waa a  foltawt:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Coop-
er, Dayton, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Felch,
Greene, Gwin, Hale, Mason, Miller, Rantoul, Seward,
Sturgeon, Upham, Walker, and Whitcomb—23.
NAYS-—Messrs. Baldwin, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury,
Butler, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Hamlin,
King, Norng, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Spruance, Turney,
Underwood, Wales, and Yulee—19.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move to add, as an ad-
ditional section, the seventh section of the House
bill:
" That it shall be in the power of the Postmaster General,
at all post offices where the postmasters are appointed by
the President of the United States, to establish post routes
within the cities or towns, to provide for conveying letters
to the post offices by establishing suitable and convenient
places of deposit, and by employing carriers to receive and
deposit them in the post office; and at all such offices it
shall be in his power to cause letters to be delivered by suit-
able carriers, to be appointed by him for that purpose, for
which not exceeding one or two cents shall be charged, to
be paid by the person receiving or sending the same; and
all sums so received shall be paid into the Post Office De-
partment: Provided, The amount of compensation allowed
by the Postmaster General to carriers shall in no case exceed
the amount paid into the Treasury by each town or city un-
der the provisions of this section."
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to the amend-
ment proposed. If I understand it, it is to estab-
lish post offices in the cities. Upon examination,
I find that the cost of establishing them will be
small, and it puts it in the power of the Postmaster
General to make considerable improvement in the
large cities, and save considerable revenue. It can
do no harm, at least, and may do good.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SMITH. The amendment which was made
on the motion of the honorable Senator from New
York [Mr. Dickinson] destroys the congruity of
the bill, and some further amendment becomes ne-
cessary on account of it. I wish that part of the
bill may be read as amended.
It was accordingly read:
" That newspaper, not exceeding two ounces In weight,
sent from the office of publication to actual and bona fide
subscribers, shall be charged with postage as follows, to
wit: All newspapers published weekly only shall circulate
in the mail free of postage within the county where pub-
lished."
Mr. SMITH. Thebill as amended leaves a gap
or chasm wholly unprovided for. I therefore move
to insert, after the words which were inserted on
the mstion of the Senator from New York, the fol-
lowing words:
" And that postage on the regular numbers of a newspa-
per published weekly, for any distance not exceeding fifty
miles, out of the county where published, shall be five cents
per quarter."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer to
the amendment which was adopted on the motion
of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Socle,] in
the eighth section, by inserting " seven " in the
place of "four," so as to extend the time of con-
tracts which the Postmaster General may make,
and to limit it to seven years.
Mr. GWIN. I understood that the Senator
from Texas was going to move to strike out the
eighth section.
Mr. RUSK. I intended to do so, and to offer
it in connection with the post office bill; but the
Senator from Louisiana, who has charge of that
bill, proposed that it should be adopted here.
Mr. GWIN. I shall then move to strike out
the eighth section, as it gives extraordinary power
to the Postmaster General, such as has never
been conferred upon the head of a Department in
this Government. He may involve the Govern-
ment in an enormous expense by making contracts
with numerous lines of steamships. I am utterly
opposed to that unless it is done by the direct action
of Congress.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to striking
out the section here, but I shall offer it as an
amendment to the post office bill. The Senator
from California is entirely mistaken. It does not
confer as much power as is now conferred by the
existing law with regard to steam lines.
Mr. GWIN. We will discuss that question
when the post office bill comes up.
Mr. RUSK. According to th« amendment
adopted en the moUob of tke Senator from L«u-
