1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
"For the compensation of two additional watchmen, to
be employed *< the Executive Mansion and (rounds, at a
salary of $500 each per annum, the sum of $1,000, to supply
the place of watchmen taken from the Executive Mansion
and employed in the Executive Buildings." ,
Mr. S. asked to have a letter from the President i
in reference to it read. i;
Several Members objected.
Mr. JONES. That is not in order. It creates ;
a new office. H
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is obliged to
the gentleman from Tennessee for his opinion.
The Chair would inquire of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether these
watchmen are authorized by law?
Mr. BAYLY stated that they were not.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
erder.
Mr. VINTON offered the following amendment,
which was agreed to, viz:
" For the purchase of books for the Library in the Execu-
tive Mansion, $1,000, to be expended under the direction
of the President of the United States."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
" For the construction of the west wing of the Patent
Office Building, $100,000."
Mr. S. asked the unanimous consent of the
committee to have a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior in relation to the proposition con-
tained in the amendment, read.
Mr. JONES objected.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, offered
an amendment providing for the appointment of
two watchmen in the public grounds at the Presi-
dent's mansion,at a salary of $500eachperannum.
Mr. S. asked to have a letter of the President of
the United States read, referring to the proposition
contained in the amendment.
Several Memberi objected.
The question on the adoption of the amendment
was then taken by a division, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 79, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON moved to strikeout the follow-
ing:
" For completing, cleaning out, and repairing that por-
tion of the Washington city canal, which passes through
and along the public grounds, $20,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury: Provided,
The Corporation of Washington shall expend a like sum
in cleaning out and repairing the other portions of said
canal."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved the fol-
lowing amendment; which was rejected:
" For rebuilding the Columbia engine house, the sum of
94,700, to be expended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Publie Buildings."
Mr. McDOWELL moved the following amend-
ment; which was rejected:
" For the purchase of one thousand copies of a work on
the Treasury Department, in 2 volumes 4to., by Robert A.
Mayo, to be distributed under the direction of the joint
Committee on the Library, $3,000."
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, under instruction
from the Committee of Ways and Means, the
appropriation of $2,315 86 to reimburse the Cor-
poration of Washington the amount advanced
to complete the culvert and the paving on 15th
street west, in front of the Treasury Department,
was diminished to $2,309 90.
Mr. WHITE moved to add after the item "For
the collection of agricultural statistics, $5,500, to
be paid out of the patent fund," the words "under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior;"
which was not agreed to.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved to insert in
the bill an item providing that the salaries of the
deputy collectors, now $1,800 per annum, maybe
raised at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, provided that no larger sum be allowed
than $2,500 per annum; and that no increase be
made in the amount appropriated by law for the
collection of the revenue.
Mr. JONES raised a question of order on the
amendment, on the ground that it changed the
existing law, and increased the salaries of those
officers.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved to strike from the
bill the following paragraph:
" For an extension of Pennsylvania Avenue westward,
from twenty-sixth street west, to the intersection with
Bndge street in Georgetown, and the construction of a stone
bridge qver Rock creek, said work to be done under the di-
rection of the corporate authorities of Georgetown, $30,000.
But this appropriation is made on the condition that, before
said work is begun, the corporate authorities of Georgetown
shall, at the expense of said Corporation, procure the right ;
of way to that part of the proposed extension, which lies
between Rock creek and Bridge street, and convey the
same to the United States j and on the further condition
that, before said work is entered upon, a careful survey and
estimate of the proposed work shall be made by a compe-
tent engineer, to be appointed or detailed by the President
of the United States to that service ; and after said survey
and estimate shall have been made, the Seeretary of the In-
terior shall cause the work to be advertised for contract in
such newspapers, and for such time, as he may deem expe- i
dient. and said work shall be given by him to the lowest re-
sponsible bidder, who shall enter into bonds with satisfac-
tory security for the execution of said work, at said contract
price; but no contract shall be entered into for a sum ex- ;
ceeding the amount hereby appropriated."
Mr. JONES called for tellers on the motion to j
strike out; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Breck and Seddon were appointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 80, noes 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, under instruction from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, submitted the follow-
ing amendment:
" For the purchase of the building at the corner of 17th
street west and F street north, known as Winder's build-
; ing, #250,000."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
: order.
Mr. BAYLY appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
his privilege to state to the committee the grounds
upon which he decides the amendment to be out !
of order. The Chair thinks the amendment makes
an appropriation for an object which is not au-
thorized by law. Now, under the 81st rule of the
House, no appropriation can be offered as an
amendment for any expenditure which is not
j authorized by law, or is necessary for carrying
I on the several departments of Government. The
Chair thinks this amendment is not authorized by
law, and is not necessary to carry on any of the
departments. He understands that it has been
the practice of the committee not to entertain sim-
I] ilar amendments. For these reasons the Chair
II decides the amendment to be out of order. From
i that decision the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
i Bayly] appeals.
The question, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee? was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative. So the
11 decision was sustained.
> Mr. BAYLY moved the following amendment,
i which was agreed to, viz:
" For payment of the claim of the city of Detroit, for pav-
ing in front of property belonging to the United States, in
' that city, #110 77."
Mr. MOORE moved to insert in the bill, after
line 1027, the following, viz:
"For the payment to James Maher, for a balance due
him for trees purchased of him by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, for the public grounds, $790."
Mr. JONES made a point of order against the
amendment, that it provided for a private claim,
and was not in order.'
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
! mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendments, which were severally agreed to, viz:
"For compensation of Benjamin Rush, Secretary of Le-
gation to London, for his service as acting Charge d'Af-
faires, $228 86, which, if received, shall be in full payment
i for all services in that character to this date."
"To make good the interest on investments in State
stocks and bonds for the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, not
yet paid by the State, to be reimbursed out of the interest
When collected, $22,200."
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay for reporting and pnblishing in the Daily Globe 533%
columns of the proceedings of the House of Representatives
for the last session of Congress, $4,125."
"To enable the Clerk of the-House of Representatives
to pay for twelve copies of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix of the second session of the 30th Congress, at $3 per
j ^u^^nable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay for 264 copies of the Congressional Globe and 264
! copies of the Appendix for the first session of the 31st Con-
gress, at $3 per copy each, $l,5«4."
1 "To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
nay for 5,640 copies of the Congressional Globe and Appen-
• I dix for the second session of the 31st Congress, at $3 per
[i copy, $16,920."
"To enable the Clerk of die House of Representatives to
pay for reporting and publishing in the Daily Globe 800
columns of the proceedings of the House of Representatives
:ond session of the 31st Congress, at the rate of
for the second session of the 31st Congress,
$7 50 per column, $6,000."
" To enable tlie Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay for the binding of 5,500 copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, for members of the second session of
tlie 31st Congress, $3,300; the binding thereof to be strong,
substantial Russia leather backs aud corners, at the rate
of60 cents per volume."
Mr. McDOWELL moved the following amend-
ment to the bill:
" And for the purpose of enabling the Clerk of the House
of Representatives to pay for publishing the debates and
proceedings of the House of Representatives during the
first session of the thirtieth Congress, and the first and sec-
ond sessions of the thirty-first Congress, in the "Union"'
and " Intelligencer," the sum of $7 50 per column for each
column of said proceedings published in said papers, or
either of them, is hereby appropriated; and the Clerk of
the House of Representatives is hereby authorized and di-
rected to pay the same accordingly: Provided, That the
Clerk shall have first ascertained accurately the number of
columns of said proceedings published in each of said pa-
pers : Provided, also, That the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall be, and
they are hereby authorized to settle and pay the accounts
of the public printer for printing ordered, or to be ordered,
by the present Congress, upon the terms of the joint reso-
lution of 1819, deducting filly per cent, therefrom."
Mr. HALL rose to a point of order. He made
I two points against the amendment. In the first
place, the last part of the amendment provided for
; changing existing laws, and therefore could not be
1 in order. His other point was, that the first part
! of the amendment refers to nothing connected
with carrying on the Government at all.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked whether a resolu-
tion was not introduced here and passed at the last
session, for paying the "Globe," under precisely
the same circumstances? There were no existing
laws which provided for that appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN said debate was out of or-
der.
Mr. CARTTER wished to inquire whether the
Intelligencer and Union were the reporters of this
House?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that he regarded the
| inquiry in the nature of debate, and therefore
| could not ansfrer it. The Chair ruled the whole
| amendment out of order.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
I mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
| amendment:
' " To enable the Postmaster General to purchase for the
use of the Post Office Department, the remainder of the
square on which the General Post Office building is situ-
ated, $3,777 93."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEDDON moved the following amendment
, to the bill:
" For purchasing a site and erecting a suitable building
for the custom-house, post office, and other offices of the
United States, in the city of Richmond, in the State of Vir-
ginia, the sum of $75,000."
Mr. SWEETSER raised a point of order on
, the amendment; and
i The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
i mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendment, which was adopted, viz.:
"Sec. 2. Jlndbe it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed and paid, in the manner now provided by law, two
principal examiners, and two assistant examiners of patents,
in addition to the examining officers now employed in the
Patent Office."
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
as an additional section to the bill:
" Sec.3. rfni be it further enacted, That the third section
of the act entitled ' An act making appropriation for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1847, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved the 10th of August, 1846, be and tbe same is hereby
revived and continued in force for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1852."
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, the section of
the law to which the amendment referred was
read.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved the following
amendment, which was read and adopted:
"Jind be U further enacted, That to assist the Third Aud-
itor in more effectually carrying out the provisions of the
bounty land act, and other pressing business in his office,
the Secretary of tlie Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to appoint an assistant chief clerk, to be chosen
I from among the experienced accountants already in said
office, who, with the present chief clerk, shall have authori-
