682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
appropriate the money to carry out the treaty, and
leave it to the President to execute the law. It is
for the Administration to negotiate for the pay-
ment. We give the money; they make the pay-
ment. When we have appropriated the money
our function is exhausted, and if they make this
payment in an improper manner, and if it be a
case of corruption, why, then, impeach them. If
it be a case of weakness and incompetency, arraign
them before the public. But I protest, as a mem-
ber of Congress, against any effort to make the
two Houses of Congress not only the legislative,
but the executive Dranch of the Government.
Why, sir, can anybody conceive of a body more
unfit for negotiating for the payment of money
than the House of Representatives and the Senate
of the United States? How many men in Con-
fress have turned their attention to this matter?
low many men have looked over the whole
ground? Sir, I have felt it my duty, in the posi-
tion I occupy, to look fully into this matter; but
how many other members have done so ?
I have said, Mr. Chairman, all that I desire to
submit upon this occasion.
Mr. BROOKS. I agree with many of the re-
marks which the gentleman from Virginia has ad-
dressed to this committee, that the treaty being
made, we are bound to carry it out in good faith;
but at the same time I think it is not less the duty
of this House to institute an inquiry into the facts
of the case, when we are voting to make so large
an appropriation. We are about to appropriate
$3,188,000, and it appears to me that in doing this,
it is the duty of Congress to inquire into the facts
calling for this appropriation, and the manner of
it, so that these facts may go before the country.
I think it is also our duty to provide for the dis-
bursement of the money in the best mode we can,
while we are paying it in accordance with the
treaty.
What is this bill? It is a bill appropriating
money for the fourth installment agreed upon in
the treaty at Guadalupe Hidalgo. The installment
due in May, 1851, was appropriated for by this
Congress, in September of the last session, and it
is for the fourth and last installment, $3,188,000,
due in May, 1852, for which we are now about to
appropriate. I think we have a right, in making
this appropriation, at the same time to consider
in what manner it can be made best cotidusive to
the interest of the public. It is our duty, undoubt-
edly, to execute the treaty according to the con-
tract; but I also consider that another .duty of
Congress is to provide such means for "the dis-
bursement of the money as shall be most beneficial
to Mexico and ourselves. I do not think that the
one duty interferes or conflicts with the other. We
are making the appropriations for the next fiscal
year, a year and some months before the install-
ment is due; and in making them so long ahead,
we have an undoubted right to use our own credit,
that whatever profit or premium there is, shall
inure to our benefit.
The installments due on the 30th May, 1851,
and on the 30th May of 1852, are over $6,250,000.
On these #6,250,000, the contractors for the pay-
ment of this indemnity have agreed to pay a
premium of three and a half per cent., and the
Government saves so much. But when Congress
ratifies this bargain, and contracts to put these
#6,000,000 exclusively in the hands of one set of
contractors, it monopolizes for them all the securi- ■
ties for a loan Mexico can oifer, and consequently
puts that needy Government wholly in their '
power. Mexico, which must borrow in order to
exist, can borrow only from them on any terms
within bounds, and hence they can demand and ex-
act what terms they please on the $6,250,000 they j
have to loan. Such a power as this, using the '
credit of this Government for a year and a quarter,
in the capital of another, a very need y Government,
is the power of making a very large sum upon that
credit, which may be estimated by thousandsupon
thousands dependent only upon the exigencies of
Mexico. Now, while giving contractors such a
use of our credit for so long a time in advance of
the payment due, what I propose is, to see how j
high a bid we can get for it; and if more than three !
and a half per cent., whatever addition there is, to ;
that, is an addition to the public Treasury. The
payment is a business transaction, and should
fu ln a business way; and what I propose is,
that Congress direct the President to negotiate it
as he would negotiate for a loan, to the best re-
sponsible bidder. Whatever money is to be made
out of it should be shared with the public Treas-
ury.
But, says the gentleman from Virginia, there is
a treaty, and upon the Executive should be de-
volved the whole responsibility of its execution,
i Undoubtedly it is the duty of the Executive to ex-
j ecute the treaty, but it is not less the duty of this
' Congress to provide the ways and means, and to
I share with the Executive in the responsibility of
so doing; and if there be " surmises afloat, such
as those to which the gentleman from Virginia has
I alluded—if there be "whispers" abroad current
in the public ear, it is the duty of this Congress
j so far to listen to them as to see that the public
money is safely and judiciously expended. The
legislative power shares with the Executive power
in all disbursements, and this House is more re-
sponsible for them than the Executive, inasmuch
as it is especially charged with the custody of the
public purse. It is therefore the duty of this House
when it appropriates money, in order to prevent
the suspicions and surmises the gentleman from
Virginia speaks of, to provide such a mode of
payment as shall be a protection to the public,
ana avert suspicion or injury from the Executive
officers of the Government.
Whatever responsibility there is in providing
for these installments, I intend this House shall
share with the Executive; and while sharing it, I
intend to have all the facts through this discussion
brought before the House. It is a responsibility
that must be met here, and that cannot be shirkea,
and it must be taken by this House now, so that
there can be no outcry hereafter. If the House
ratifies what has been done, and what it is con-
templated to do, it will be estopped from complaint
hereafter; and a ratification or a rejection I now
desire, and mean, by an amendment to be submit-
ted at a proper time, to have.
Mr. B. here, after some conversation among
members, stated that at the proper time he should
offer the following amendment as an addition to
the bill:
" And that the President of the United States be directed,
a8 in the case of a loan, to advertise, and to receive pro-
posals, and to contract for the payment of the said install-
ment through the highest responsible bidder."
My object, Mr. Chairman, in offering this
amendment, is to afford bankers and capitalists
who make large loans, and who engage in trans-
actions of this sort, to have, as in the case of
loans, a fair competition. When these bids are
known, there can be no whispers, no surmises,
and no denunciation from any quarter against
anybody.
It appears to me that to show the necessity for
doing this nothing more is needed than the re-
marks which the gentleman from Virginia has
submitted, concerning what has been said by
Marks and others of the mode in which this in-
demnity has been negotiated; of which, let me
add, I know nothing, and choose to say nothing.
There are, and there have been, other responsible
bidders of the highest character and feme as
bankers, whose reputation for credit is known
throughout the wide world, from the arctic to the
antarctic. In the whole of this negotiation, the
President of the United States and the Secretary
of State hav% no doubt, acted with the highest re-
gard for the interests of the country upon all the
facts and upon all the papers that have been sub-
mitted to them.
But when in September last the negotiation was
made for the payment of the installment of 1851,
it was not then known in consequence of the change
of the Administration, that better offers had been
made than were taken, and that when a premium
of three and a half per cent, was taken, four per
cent, premium could as easily have been had. To
show some of the history of these payments to
Mexico, I wish to have read the letter I send to
the Clerk, from August Belmont, Esq., of New
York, which sets forth facts of interest—a letter
not directed to me, and not intended for publica-
tion, but which letter sets forth facts more explicit
than I can state them myself:
Nbw York, January 27,1851.
My dear Sir : In pursuance of our verbal conversation,
I have now the pleasure of stating to you all the circum-
stances of the payment of the Mexican indemnity, as far as
this can be done in the short and incomplete shape of a
letter.
In February, 1850, Mr. Lionel Davidson, the agent of,
Messrs. Rothschild in Mexico, made on their behalf an ar- I
rangement with Governor Letcher, United States Minister '
in Mexico, for the payment of $2,000,000, the balance of
the indemnity installment of May, 1850—the remaining
$1,500,000 having been previously negotiated by the Mexi-
can Government to Jackson, Jesse & Co. there, and paid
at Washington, to their agents, Messrs. Howland & Aspin-
wall. By this arrangement, he agreed to cash the drafts of
Governor Letcher on the Treasury at Washington, at ten
to fifteen days' sight, in such amounts as would suit His
Excellency, to the extentof the above two millions, atthree
and a half per cent, premium; and it was further stipulated,
that the Treasury was at liberty to deduct an interest of six
per cent, on every draft thus paid, from the day of navment
until the 31st of May.
This arrangement, by which we did not obtain the advance
of'one cent from the Government, and on the contrary ad-
vanced the money in Mexico, long before we got payment
here, was faithfully carried into effect by us, as similar
payments had been during the war, (Mr. Davidson paying
to General Scott, immediately after the taking of Vera Cruz,
the first #250,000 the American army obtained in Mexico,
and the Government not only gained a handsome premium,
but secured a considerable sum in interest.)
Mr. Davidson, at the time of making this arrangement
with Mr. Letcher, made a distinct proposition for the in-
stallments of 1851-'59, of about $3,000,000 each, upon the
same basis as the above two millions, with the difference
that he offered an additional half per cent, or four per cent,
premium, instead of the above three and a half per cent.,
agreeing at the same time to pay this additional premium
also for the above two millions, in case his offer tor the other
two installments was accepted-
Mr. Letcher, not feeling himself authorized to conclude
this additional arrangement, he communicated it to Mr.
Clayton, for the ratification of the Department, and I, im-
mediately upon this advice, proceeded to Washington, in
order to confirm the proposition of Mr. Davidson, and to
obtain the sanction of the Government at an early date, as
it was necessary for us to be early apprised of the arrange-
ment being completed, in order to have plenty of time to put
ourselves in funds at Mexico, as the favorable opportunities
which might offer during the year. I refer you in this re-
gard to the enclosed copy of my letter of the 14th of March,
to Mr. Clayton, to which I received no further reply, ex-
cept the verbal one that no negotiation/or these installments
could be made until the appropriations for them were
passed by both Houses of Congress. This same reason was
officially communicated to Mr. Letcher, and Mr. Davidson,
in consequence, not only gave to the Government a further
delay of four to six weeks for the communication of the re-
quired ratification, but wrote, subsequently, another letter
to Mr. Letcher postponing the time indefinitely stUI further,
which fact was also communicated by Mr. Letcher to the
then Secretary of State. The indorsed copy of my letter to
Mr. Clayton, confirming the further delay, and dated the
3d of May, remained unanswered; but 1 was informed by
Mr. Walsh, the former Secretary ofLegation ofMr. Letcher,
that Mr. Clayton persisted in his view not to negotiate as
long as the appropriation was not passed.
When shortly after Mr. Webster came at the head of the
Department of State, I thought it possible that he might
perhaps take a different view from Mr. Clayton, as regards
the practicability of negotiating before the appropriation was
passed, and I renewed, therefore, our former offers, when
S we were quietly informed that we came too late, and that
i an arrangement had been entered into by Mr. Webster with
the Messrs. Barings, Corcoran, and Howland & Aspinwall.
No appropriation had yet been passed; and the only excuse
which was given to us for such a gross injustice to us and
to the interests of the Government, which loses thereby at
least $40,000, being a half per cent, on $8,000,000, the new
arrangement being at three and a half per cent, on the
$8,000,000, was that our offer had run out, and that there-
fore there was no other offer before the Government than
that of Messrs. Baring.
Our offer, which, for the reasons given in my letters to
Mr. Clayton, had only a vague limitation, had never been
recalled, and my request to Mr. Clayton, in my letter of the
2d May, stated particularly that we extended the limitation
of time in order to allow him to wait for the appropriation;
and yet, in the face of all this, and before any appropriation
is passed, or anything happened to change the aspect of the
transaction, we are put aside, at an expense of $40,000 and
more to the public Treasury. What would you think of
me, if you consigned me a cargo of flour, and after having
refused an offer for it before its arrival, on the plea of not
wishing to sell until the vessel arrived, I dispose of the car-
go still afloat, a day or two after, at a great deal less than
the other party had offered me ? Was I not, as an honorable
man towards the first offerer, and as a faithful agent to my
employer, bound to see first whether I could not obtain the
first offer again, which, like almost every offer in small or
large transactions, had been limited for a reasonable pe-
riod'!
You will remember that at the passage of the appropria-
tion for the indemnity of 1851, just before the close of
the last session of Congress, some opposition was made in
the House and the Senate, on the ground that a better offer
of a Mr. Marks had not been accepted, which opposition
was, however, put aside, because the Department had the
available excuse for not treating with these gentlemen, that
they did not offer the necessary guarantees to intrust them
with so large a transaction. This excuse cannot, however,
exist in treating with Messra. Rothschild, who had already
effected these payments, and who offered at least the same
security and guarantee as the contracting parties, and I sup-
pose this was the reason that nothing was mentioned of our
offer. Nothing was also said of any arrangement with the
aforesaid parties, except for the installment of 1851; but it
is now asserted by Mr. Webster, as well as the contracting
parties, that the arrangement at three and a half per cent,
was for the two installments of 1851 and 1852. The appro-
priation for the latter was not yet passed, and in tact neea
not pass before the next session, as there are still fifteen
months before it is payable. But I have ascertained that a
strong effort will be made to hurry it through this session,
when, in the pressure of business and a short session, it
stands a fair chance to pass in the shape of the last, and to
give to the State Department the negotiation at a turtner
sacrifice of $15,000 to $20,000 to the public Treasury.
