1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
All we ask ia Air play, which neither we nor file public
Treasury lure had in the last transaction; and in asking the
cooperation of honorable Senators and Representatives, it
is with * spin! of an open and honest competition, by which
the public Treasury can only be the gainer, particularly as I
stand now ready again to renew our otffer of (bar per cent.,
(or one half per cent, better than the clandestine arrange-
ment now existing,) with the same favorable conditions in
the uiode of payments as the two millions of the last year,
Jbr (he installment of 1853.
I bare now stated to you, as far as I could in the shape
of a letter, the present position of this transaction, and I
shall feel very much obliged to you if, during your present
nay at Washington, you can bring them to the knowledge
of some of your influential friends in Congress, and give
me some suggestions as to the coarse I had better pursue in
the matter. Yours, very truly,
AUGUST BELMONT.
It will be seen from this statement that the
house of Rothschild & Sons had made an offer of
four per cent, premium when three and a half per
cent, had been taken; and that the Rothschilds
were no interlopers, but parties to prior transac-
tions.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to know from the gen-
tleman from New York, if there is any authority
for the statement which he is making upon the
authority of that letter, other than the letter itself?
Is there anything in the State Department to show
that there was any such understanding?
Mr. BROOKS. I have not the power of saying
what may come from the State Department, bp-
cause I have not investigated it there, but I have
the writer's letters to Mr. Clayton, and I have seen
the correspondence from Mr. Clayton which has
appeared in the Marks publications on oar table,
where the fact is set forth by Mr. Clayton, that no
negotiation would be undertaken until Congress
made the appropriation. But undoubtedly those
letters have been withdrawn from the State De-
partment, as Mr. Belmont says.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman one question. Did not Mr. Web- '
ster, at the last session, when this question was i
before the Senate, state distinctly, that the time
that arrangement and this contract were made with
the parties that now have it in charge, that there
were not on the files of his Department any evi-
dence or any proposal relating to this matter ?
Mr. BROOKS. That is the very fact that I
wan stating when the gentleman interrupted me.
There could not have been any such evidence there,
because the House of Rothschild withdrew their
proposition upon the express assurance from Mr.
Clayton that no contract should be made until the
appropriation wets made by Congress. Mr. Clay-
ton then retired from office, and Mr. Webster
came in. Mr. Webster finding a clear docket, and
no papers, no offers, did what undoubtedly he
had a right to do, and what it was for the best in-
terests of the Government then to do, accepted the
best offer then before him, officially knowing noth-
ing of the offer that had been made by the House
of Rothschild. Far be it from me to censure Mr.
Webster. Far be it from me to impute anything
to him. Far be it from me to insinuate that he has
not done the best for this Government. All I have
to say is, that in consequence of the change of the
Secretary of State, the fourper cent, offer made by
the House of Rothschild was never known to Mr.
Webster, because no record was left of it in the
Department of State.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, here made a remark
which was inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. BROOKS. The contract which has been
made for the payment of the installment of 1851,
is undoubtedly the only contract that the Secre- -
taxy of State could have then made with the facts
before him, and it was a good contract then for the
Government.
The whole transaction for the payment of the
installment due in 1851, was perfectly honorable to
all concerned in it. There was only a misunder-
standing, arising from the change in the officers
of the State—nothing.more,and nothing less. And
I stand here ready to defend the justice and pro-
priety of that contract for 1851. I voted for it
then; and under like circumstances, with no other
knowledge than I then had before me, would vote
for it again. But now we are coming to another 1
contract, another year, and another installment,
that is to be paid May 30th, 1852, a year and
more ahead. And what I propose to do is to ex- 1
empt the public officers from all these surmises,
and all these suspicions which the gentleman from i
Virginia has spoken of, and now to put the con- |
tract up in market overt to be given to the highest |
bidder. Let gentlemen understand me as defend-
ing and protecting the past; but looking only to
the future, and asking this Congress to share in
that future the responsibility of directing these ap-
propriations. It is not fair, it is not right, it is
not just to the public officers in this Govern-
ment, when our tables are laden with pamphlets,
when statements like those are paraded before the
House which now cover our tables, and when
capitalists like Rothschild stand ready to make
better offers,—it is not fair, I say, to throw upon
the Executive officers of this Government the re-
sponsibility of a transaction like this, under these
circumstances, any more than you would throw
upon them the whole responsibility of negotiating
millions in loans without any advertisement, with-
out any proposal, without any contract, known
and visible to the eyes of the whole world.
It is the duty of this Congress in disbursing this
money so to disburse it that complaint cannot be
made, that surmises should not exist, and that
whatever profit there is to come from a rate of
premium be enjoyed by us. There is nothing for
a politician so delicate as cipdit. In all their po-
litical transactions men can often stand any attack
whatever, political or otherwise, but a pecuniary
attack, from "surmises" and "whispers" that
float abeut the Halls of this Capitol. Those
various pamphlets that lie upon our tables show
the necessity of the amendment which I intend to
submit. It is necessary that public men should
not only be chaste, but should nave their chastity
not even suspected. To give you an opportunity
to do right, and to show you the true state of
facts, I have submitted my amendment and these
remarks. If the House adopt my amendment, it
will vote a handsome sum into the public Treas-
ury; if it reject it, and pass the bill, it will ratify,
adopt, and approve the well-known intention of the
Administration to pay the installment of 1852, as
it paid that of 1851, through the house of Baring,
at a premium of three and a half per cent. If
that sanction is given by this House, with the
facts I have laid before it, the record will be use-
ful to me, and to those with whom I act here-
after.
The following is a copy of the proposition,
which Mr. Brooks stated to have been made by
the house of Rothschild:
" Messrs. N. M. Rothschild It Sons, of London, agree
hereby to negotiate the drafts of the United States Minis-
ter in Mexico, drawn on the Treasury of the United States,
at ten days' sight, to the extent of about three millions and
one half of dollars, forming the installment of the Mexican
indemnity due in May, 1852, and paying for the same in
Mexico, with four per cent, premium upon the amount
thereof.
" Said negotiation to take place between this and the 3tst
of May, 1852, in such sums as the United States Minister
may require; and upon such amounts of said drafts as may
be paid in New York before the 3lst of May, 1852, interest
at the rate of six per cent, per annum shall bebonafied from
the date of such payment to the 31st of May, the amount of
which interest shall be immediately paid into the Treasury
of the United States by the agent of Messrs. N. M. Roths-
child fc Sons, In New York, whilst the equivalent will be
recovered from the Mexican Government, through die Le-
gation of the United States.
" New York, January 97th, 1851.
"AUGUST BELMONT,
"Agent for Messrs. N. M. Rothschild S( Sow."
Mr. CARTTER next obtained the floor, and
said: I do not purpose to occupy the attention of
the committee very long; and to begin,' I want the
committee to understand that I take no part with
the house of Rothschilds, or of Baring, or of Cor-
coran & Riggs. I look upon their scramble for
this money precisely as I would the contest of a
set of blacklegs around a gambling table, over the
last stake. [Laughter.] Neither the one nor the
other have my sympathies, nor ought to have the ;
sympathies of the House of Representatives, in j
this speculation of theirs. They are an organized ;
body, to drink up the sweat of labor, without con-
tributing to the substance of the earth. [Laugh-
ter.] They have all of them grown so large in
gormandizing upon money, that they have left the
work of fleecing individuals, and taken to the en-
terprise of fleecing nations. One of the most im-
portant features in the history of their wealth, is,
(with one, at least, of the houses, and that the
nearest to the Capitol,) that the tax-paying portion
of the people of this Republic has been compelled
to build up the very wealth through which they
now seek to shave that of others. This balances
the account, gentlemen of the committee, between
me and the banking-houses.
There is a feature, however, in this transaction
that I wish to call the attention of the committee
and the public to; whether successfully or not, I
care not, but I am resolved that it shall not go un-
notified briefly by me. It is this: this nation is
indebted to the Mexican Republic by treaty, and
the Mexican nation, by the action of their Con-
gress, by the action of their Executive Govern-
ment, through their minister at your court, and
through their official paper, have appealed to you,
not to throw them into the hands of cormornnt
banking-houses, but that you will deliver to them
the money that is due, by the readiest and cheap-
est process, indicating that process. Now, ought
we, as the Representatives of this Republic, to
turn to the Mexican Congress, to the Mexican
Government, to their authorized agent here, a deaf
ear, for the purpose of consulting the views of the
emissaries of money, in the form of the Barings,
theRothsehilds, and Corcoran & Riggs, who play
second-fiddle to the whole of them? [Laughter.]
Ought we to do it? We have just come out of a
war with them—we have taken a large portion of
their best domain, and this is the only return that
we are rendering to them for it.
They are struggling under embarrassment to re-
cover from the anarchy that has been forced upon
them by the conflict which has just ended. In
this embarrassment, in which they are seeking to
rebuild a national organization upon republican
principles, they appeal to you, through tlieir min-
ister, and that appeal has been answered by the
Executive branch of this Government, by turning
its back upon them. They denied them corre-
spondence upon the subject; and, instead of wait-
ing the period for the maturity of the paper—in-
stead of waiting a reasonable period in prospect of
that maturity, you find our Secretary of State, in
the green-room of these banking-houses, negotia-
ting, in ar*:~—*u-  •''
Congress,
you and ft
when the revelations of the iniquitous chambers of
these bankers is made known, it will be so pub-
lished. We were told last year, by the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and he has repeated in substance the same decla-
ration here to-night, that the Secretary of State
has made an informal contract—an informal con-
tract anticipating the obligation by more than a
year, and anticipating the action of this body to
laying the foundation for it. If that was so, it
would be a sufficient reason with me to suspect
the honesty of the transaction. But it is said by
the honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that we have no power to pay this
money directly to Mexico. And why? Why,
forsooth, because the indebtedness of this Govern-
ment to Mexico was negotiated by virtue of a
treaty—because it requires a treaty to make the
payment, or to alter it. And he comes here
backed in this opinion by high authority—an au-
thority really that I would not presume to gainsay,
in a case where he was not a party himself; but I
regard him in that light here. From what little
law reading I have been able te acquire in a brief
and backwoods education, I have always supposed
that whatever your contract is, and however
made between the parties, that contemplate the
liquidation of the indebtedness, the payment of
that debt to a party in the contract, is the satis-
faction of it. But, lo! and behold! the learned
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
has discovered, and the Secretary of State has
condescended to indorse the opinion, that you
cannot pay a debt to a creditor without you pay
it in totxdem verbis as the treaty provides; that the
consummation of the discharge of the debt is not
in making the payment; and that the receipt of the
money is not a discharge of the indebtedness!
Now I submit to the common sense of this com-
mittee, and to every member in tiffs Hall, whether
the acquittal of the Government of Mexico through
her financial agent is not an estoppel upon that
Government in the claims against this Govern-
ment? Why if it be not so, we never can dis-
charge the debt in the world. If she has not the
power to acquit the indebtedness when the pay-
ment is made, our debt will never be discharged
in whatever form you pay it. Sir, the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
was kind enough to bring me into a disparaging
comparison, as a legal gentleman, with somebody
whom he named on another occasion. Now, if
there is a county clerk, within the precincts of
