686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
officer, and Ihold that officer responsible for the
manner in which that duty is performed. Espe-
cially so when we know the executive officer will
subject us to a loss of #100,000. If you make an
appropriation even for building a custom-house,
or when appropriations are made by Congress for
any purposes whatever, it is not left to the ex-
ecutive officer to carry out and extend those ap-
propriations according to his discretion. You re-
quire him to accept the lowest terms and best bid,
in order to protect the Government from loss and
extravagance. You want to throw in checks and
guards for every appropriation mads by Congress,
instead of leaving it wholly to the discretion of
the disbursing officer, the executive officer who
acts under that appropriation. You throw in I
every check and guard that you can, and you !
thereby show that you are watchful guardians of |
the public Treasury, worthy of the trust which ,
has Deen committed to you by your constituents, i
Why, then, should we depart from thai uniform
rule in this instance ? Is it an impeaehment of the
President to do it ? By no means. No man courts
unnecessary responsibility. No man desires such
a vast field of discretion without any checks. A
man prefers rather, on the contrary, that the body
which is responsible for the money shall indicate
its will in a specific manner, if possible. It is the
desire of every honest Administration; and I
have seen no cause whatever for believing that the
present Administration would desire such a thing
as this responsibility without the proper checks.
No, sir, there is no valid contract; and when 1
challenge these gentlemen to produce it, and they
cannot, but some of them admit there is none,!
expect they will no longer rally upon vested
rights and claim the contract for the Administra-
tion.
There are, Mr. Chairman, certain facts before
our minds connected with this subject, which I
cannot forget. Although there is no binding con-
tract, there is an understanding; and if we now
reject this amendment, as the attention of the com-
mittee has been called to it, the Secretary of State
will take our action as an indorsement of that'
understanding. If we vote down that amendment
he will say—I must go on and carry out this un-
derstanding, and carry out this arrangement which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] calls a
contract, but which the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] says is no contract. They know
that our attention has been called to the subject.
Mr. Webster knows that we are aware of this
understanding and arrangement, and if we repu-
diate everything else except this prior arrange-
ment, he will take it as an indorsement of that
arrangement, and he will say that we sanction his
course. Hence it brings up this inquiry: is it the
interest of the Government to adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] or to pass that amendment sanctioning
the manner in which the indemnity has been paid?
This amendment has nothing to do with Mr.
Rothschild, or with any banking-house. This
amendment contemplates a contract with no man,
with no banking-house, either that of Mr. A, B,
or C. When gentlemen try to destroy the amend-
ment by connecting with it the name of Roths-
child, they are doing a great injustice to the prin-
ciple of the amendment. What does it say ? As
I am satisfied that this committee, from the
speeches which have been already made, misun-
derstand its nature, I desire the Clerk to read it:
"And that the President be directed as in case of loans
for the United States to advertise and receive proposals to
contract for the payment of the said installment through the
highest responsible bidder."
Mark the phraseology. How much discretion
is to be left with the officer; and all we ask is, that
the bidder must be "a responsible one. Who
judges of the rei*pnsibility ? Let me answer, that
ne who judges of the responsibility of the agent,
and who makes the payment under the amend-
ment, or under the bill without the amendment,
is one and the same person. The securities are
to be the same in every respect. The Secretary
is as capable of judging responsibility in one case
as well as in the other. The Government will be
just as safe, and we know from offers already
made, that we can save in the Treasury about
$100,000 by adopting this amendment. Then
why not do so? Why should we throw away
that large amount of money—not our own money,
but money belonging to our constituents ? The j
evidence is before us, and the country will prop-
erly hold us responsible if we reject it, and thereby
squander the funds of the Treasury.
The reason why the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] brought in the letter of Mr. Roths-
child, was to show that the present terms, under
this arrangement with the Secretary, were not
the best for the Government. The amendment
will leave them in open market, until the best
terms can be procured. I venture the assertion,
that the same men who propose this payment will
come down at least one per cent., ana save the
Government some $80,000 or $100,000. If you
adopt this amendment, in all human probability
the identical same men who made the former pay-
ment, with the same securities, the same guaran-
tees, will be in the market, and the Government
will save from $50,000 to $100,000, at a moderate
calculation. Reference was made to the fact that
as safe terms could not be made with other agents.
But the Secretary could and would refuse to ac-
cept of any such proposition, unless it comes up
to the full measure of responsibility, of which the
Executive Government is to be the judge; and it
is undeniable that Rothschilds are as responsible
as any in the world; that they have paid for this
Government large amounts, and that they, as well
as others, will take this job at rates that will save
besides $100,000. I have given my views upon
this question as much as I deem necessary. There [
was, it will be remembered by the committee, at
one time a proposition to pay the Mexican Gov- !
eminent in this city. Whether that be so, I will
not stop to inquire. In conclusion, let me say, [
that I intend to support that principle in this case ,
which I believe to be right. The question is,
how is this payment to be made ? It is whether
he who makes payment shall be one particular
individual selected, or whether it shall be let to
him who will be safest to the Government, and
who will save us the largest amount of money. I
hope that such a proposition may be adopted,
which will prove most conducive to the interests
of the Government; and I know by adopting this
amendment, we violate no legal contract; we ob-
tain the safest and best agents, and we save in
actual cash a sum of money amounting at least to
$100,000; and this, too, is done in a manner more
satisfactory to Mexico, whose wishes in the mat-
ter ought to be respectfully consulted.
Mr. ALLEN said, I am glad to hear the inquiry
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Bcrt,]
how it happened the payment of these installments
was arranged by the Secretary of State, instead of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I know very well
that in the negotiation of treaties, the State De-
gartment is the proper agent of the Government.
iut when such negotiations are closed, and there
remains to be done nothing but the payment of
money from the Treasury, it would seem th$t the
discharge of that duty properly belongs to the head
of the Treasury Department.
If I am right in assuming that position, I am
opposed to any transfer of official duty from the
officer who is presumed ta be selected for his fit-
ness to take charge of the pecuniary concerns
of the Government, to another functionary whose
qualifications may be of an entirely opposite char-
acter. I have heard no reason assigned for a de-
parture from that mode of proceeding, which
clearly appears to be fit and proper, except the
statement that the subject had been considered in
the Cabinet of the late President, by whom the
duty had been devolved upon the late Secretary of
State. However that may be, Mr. Clayton de-
clined to interfere with the business of the Trea-
sury, and refused to enter into any negotiations
respecting it. But it so happened that soon after
the appointment of the present Secretary of State,
that officer assumed the whole business of arrang-
ing the payments which were due by treaty to
Mexico. 1 will not say that within three days
from the induction of the Secretary into office,
Messrs. Corcoran & Riggs were assured of the
profitable job of disbursing the immense sums of
money which were to be paid to Mexico, but be-
lieve that the negotiation was completed with very
remarkable promptitude, and to the exclusion of
all competition.
I know of nothing in the transaction which
tends to implicate Corcoran & Riggs, or any
other bankers whose names have been mentioned
in this transaction. I see nothing dishonorable or
improper in them. There is nothing on their part,
so far as this transaction is concerned, which dif-
fers from the ordinary course of business. It is not
because I impute anything improper to these
bankers, that I have alluded to this subject, but
because the business ought to have been transacted
by the Secretary of the Treasury. If it is neces-
sary that the business should be transacted by
means of bankers, I can see no objection to it.
But it is certainly a very dangerous experiment to
take this matter from the hands of that officer who
is selected, or who is presumed to be selected, for
his fitness to perform the duties of that office, and
place it in the hands of another, selected for no
such qualifications.
But, sir, I have a further objection against this
transfer of duties, which I shall now bring for-
ward.
This business of negotiating means for carrying
out pecuniary concerns with a foreign Government,
has been spoken of as a matter of great delicacy.
But it becomes a matter of greater delicacy, when
the Secretary of State, without any reason, assumes
upon himself the direction of these matters. Now,
among all the men connected with the Govern-
ment, he is the most exceptionable man to have
any transactions of a pecuniary concern with
bankers and brokers; he, who holds his place as
Secretary of State less as a servant and stipendiary
of the Government, than a servant and stipendiary
of bankers and brokers.
Sir,I speak these things with reluctance, butthey
should be said by somebody, and as no gentleman
has arisen here and said them, I do it. I speak of
facts which are notorious, as notorious in New York
and Boston, if not in this city, as any other trans-
action in the recent history of the country. The
Secretary of State comes here, not for the com-
pensation which the laws of your Government
allow to that officer as a remuneration for his ser-
vices, but he comes here for a much higher com-
pensation—with far greater pecuniary inducements
furnished him—and furnished him by the bankers
of Wall street, and State street.
Now, I repeat, that it is a fact which is not only
notorious in Boston, but in the whole country,
that when that gentleman was called upon to take
the office of Secretary of State—a position which
he now holds—and to receive for pay a compen-
sation which the Government deems sufficient for
the frugal support of the officers who shall be
called to perform the duties of that office—he en-
tered into an arrangement, by which it was agreed
that a large sum of money should be raised for
him, as an inducement to assume his present
Eosition. Twenty-five thousand dollars was to
e raised in Boston, as the final result of that
arrangement, and the like sum in the city of
New York. I have it from authority which can-
not be doubted, that such an arrangement,
proceeding from the suggestion of the Secre-
tary himself, was actually made; and I have
most satisfactory reasons for believing that the
arrangement was actually carried out by the rais-
ing of $25,000 in New York, and about $20,000
in Boston.
I believe there are men within the sound of my
voice who can sustain me in these assertions. I
j believe there are persons within this Hall who
have some particular information upon this very
subject.
Now, sir, I do not know how the fact strikes
the House that the highest officer in yourGovern-
j ment, with the exception of the President, should
,| take office upon the understanding and induce-
! j ment of receiving large sums of money from a cer-
, tain description of men doing business in our
| cities. I do not know with what degree of appre-
hension gentlemen may regard the influences
which such a state of things must throw around
I the official stipendiary.
! There was a time in the earlier and purer days
S of the Republic, when no party could have been
I found which would not condemn the transaction,
regardless of the man, or of the official influence
he might possess in the Government. And will
parties in this House approve or palliate it. Has
' the Whig party so far degenerated fro™ Pr°"
' fessed character at a former period that it will
seek to conceal or openly vindicate the dangerous
abuse? . , .
But, sir, however it may be with the Whig
party, let me cast my eye for a moment upon the
i other side of the House. I desire to know in
ll what light such arrangements are regarded by
