692
•ran CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
I hare no other object but to throw off from my- | ]
self, as I do with indignation, any allusion of j
insinuation that is calculated to cast upon me a
susnicion of being influenced by any motive, social ,
or o'ther, that is not connected, As I said before, with
ti e public interests of the country as I under-
stand them. I now offer an amendment, which I
think meets the views of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, and obviates the objections which have been I
made to the proposition reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The Clerk read the amendment, whieh is the
same as that subsequently offered by Mt. Ash-
muw.
The SPE AK ER stated that the amendment was
not in older pending the motion to commit the
resolution.
Mr. BOKEE. Mr. Speaker, I am so conscious
of the value of the little time remaining of this
Congress, that I shall detain the House but a few
minutes, although I had intended to present my
views in full in relation to. the construction of'a
dry dock in California as contemplated by the act
of last session.
In offering the resolution calling upon, the Sec-
retary of the Navy for information,- and which
has resulted in the report of the Naval Committee 1
now under consideration, I was not influenced
by any feelings of opposition to a,docktqn the
Pacific coast, but because of my belief that unless
Congress interposed by amending the act directing
one to be constructed-, an expenditure of money !
far beyond what was contemplated when the act
was passed, and more than was required to furnish ,
all needful facilities to the service would be the
consequence. Sir, the act in Question is but one
of many acts of special legislation, which has
characterized not only this but former sessions of
Congress,—legislation which, while it may have
resulted in great pecuniary gain to individuals, has
been anything else than beneficial to the public in-
terests. Indeed, sir, it has been absolutely detri-
mental, for it has imposed upon the several Depart-
ments of the Government expenditures exceeding
in amount the estimates of their respective heads,
and for objects unnecessary and uncalled for.
Mr. STANTON inquired if the establishment
of a dry dock in California, had not been requested
by theDepartment? He would also ask whether
it would not be a cause of greater outlay and ex-
pense to send the ships of the Navy backward
and forward to be refitted, than if a dry dock ex-
isted on the Pacific coast where they could be
repaired.'
Mr. BOKEE did not wish to be interrupted; he
would come to these points in due course.
> Mr. Speaker, no Department has been embar-
rassed to a greater degree in consequence of the
kind of legislation I have alladed' to, than the
Navy Department. I would refer honorable mem-
bers to the reports of 1849. and 1850 to establish
this fact. In that of Mr. Secretary Preston it is
shown, that of an expenditure of nine millions of
dollars, one third of that amount was requisite in
order to carry out the special enactments of Con-
gress; and so in the last report of the Secretary
of the Navy we find, that about two millions was
expended for purposes rendered chargeable upon
.that Department by order of Congress. And
what, sir, is the consequence? A clamor is raised
throughout the country,' particularly at the West,
and echoed by some of our would-be reformers at
the East, that the naval service is extravagantly
expensive, and that it should beieduced in force
—a clamor that has had its influence on the com-
mittee reporting the necessary Appropriation bill,
•in-.ewe find them reducing the estimates of the
De wtment below what is believed to be necessary
for its efficiency; and that, too, at a time, when we
have a' commercial marine exceeding in tonnage
that of any other government, and navigating
every known ocean - and sea, and a sea-coast
nearly double in extent to what we but recently
possessed, both requiring an addition to our presen t
limited number of naval vessels. I say, sir, the
effect of this special legislation is most disastrous
to the true interests of the naval service, and there-
fore I am opposed, to it, and opposed to the execu-
tion of this so-called contract, which, if entered !
into at all, was entered into by Congress, and not
by the Secretary of the Navy. I am opposed to
forcing upon the Naval Department expenditures !
which the head of that Department believes to be j
unnecessary and uncalled for.
Mr. TOOMBS (interrupting) was content if the |
Secretary of the Navy thought that a dry-dock |
was necessary in California, to make a proper ap- !
propriation for its construction. But was opposed
to any contract being made by the House.
Mr. BOKEE. Mr. Speaker, it is not my wish
to detain the House, and I will only briefly advert
to the history of the legislation in reference to the .
very parties who are now here insisting upon an-
other contract with the Government. I have before
me documents emanatingfrom these parties, dating
from 1842 up. When they commenced petitioning
Congress, although they were antagonists in inter-
est, one urging the sectional, and the other the bal-
ance floating dock, yet they were united in the effort
to prove the great advantages either had over the
ordinary stone docks, particularly on the ground
of their costing so much less to construct. An
impression was made on the Secretary of the
Navy, who ordered a commission to proceed to
New York to examine and report upon the several
kinds of docks in use in that city. That commis-
sion did make the examination, and did report
favorably* to be sure, upon both sectional and bal-
ance docks, but yet expressing a decided preference
for stone docks. Finding that divided they were
not Bure of sticcess, the interests of the rival parties
were united, and unitedly they again came to
Congress, anid did succeed in -procuring the passage
of acts directing contracts to be made with them j
for a dock, basin, and railway, at Kittery, <in
Maine, the same at Philadelphia, and the same at
Pensacola.
Now, sir, let us. see how their repeated proposi-
tions made to Congress before thd acts adverted 4o
wfere passed, compare with the amount agreed to
be allowed them by the contracts entered into by
order of Congress.. I have several of these propo-
sitions before me, but I will refer to but one or
two of them. Fi'om a memorial of John S. Gil-
bert, presented to Congress in 1844, I read the
following:
" For a floating dock nt Brooklyn, New York, built in the
best manner, of galvanized iron up to the load-line, capa-
I ble of raising and sustaining the largest line of battle ship
in our Navy, with armament and stores on board, weighing
' five thousand two hundred tons, $250,000.
' " For a dock to be built in the same manner at Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, for a frigate of the first class, §150,000.
" For a dock to De built in the same manner at Pensacola,
for a frigate of the pecond class, $100,000.
" For basins and railways, to be used in connection with
the docks proposed by your memorialist, are estimated to
cost $40,000 each."
I read also from a document entitled " A Brief
Sketch of the Plan and Advantages of a Sectional
Floating Dock," published in 1843, the following:
" From the foregoing plain statement of facts, certificates
and recommendations presented in this document, members
of Congress will be enabled (without being compelled to de-
pend upon the judgment or opinion of those who are preju-
diced against all improvements in our Navy, or whose in-
terest leads them to oppose) to judge for themselves,
whether it will be for the best interest of the country to con-
struct an expensive excavated dock, requiring eight years to
build it, at an expense of $1,300,000 when completed, or to
build an economical floating dock, at an expense of only
$350,000, which can be completed in six months, and which
it is believed by those besfcable to judge, will be the most
serviceable dock for all naval purposes."
So much for the propositions of theseparties, as
made to Congress, and which led to the acts I have
already referred to, directing contracts to be en-
tered into with them for the three docks I have
alluded to. In answer to an inquiry made by me
to the Department, and which I have now in my
.hand, I am informed that, by the several contracts,
the parties are entitled to, viz:
" For the balaaca dock, basin and railway, at Kitterry,
#732,905.
" For the sectional dock, basin and railway, at Philadel-
phia, $813,742.
" For the balance dock, basin and railway, at Pensacola,
0921,937." - .
I need hardly to dwell upon this, for the point I
make is, that with assurances that a dock, basin
and railway, necessary for all the purposes of a
line of battle ship of the largest class, should not
cost beyond $300,000, we find existing contracts
with the parties for docks, &c., varying from
$730,000 to $920,000.
Mr. Speaker, I will now come to the California
dock. _ It will be remembered that the act author-
izing its construction, as originally proposed, di-
rected a contract with certain parties therein
named; yet as finally passed, no names are men-
tioned, but the act directs a contract for a sec-
tional or balance dock, basin and railway. It was
not understood at the time, that these parties held
patents by which they controlled the contract,
otherwise it is fair to presume the act would have
passed in a very different shape; still it did pass,
and requiring as it did the Secretary to perform a
duty imperative in its nature, it was a matter
which gave that officer great concern, feeling, as
( he did, that it would result in an unnecessary ex-
penditure of money. He was pleased to advise
, with me on the subject, and I gave it as my opin-
ion that a sectional was to be preferred to a bal-
ance dock, because it would be more easy to re-
! pair the one than the other nt a point so far
i removed as California. At that time, however, I
| knew nothing as to the patents for the basin and
j railway. I was informed, also, as to the estimates
i made by these patentees, and among other items,
i understood there was one for the transportation of
some sixteen thousand tons at fifty dollars per ton.
' I advised the Secretary to listen to no such extrav-
agant proposition, as I was satisfied the contract
for transportation could be made at a much less
rate; and the result proves I was correct, for the
parties themselves have reduced their estimates to
$36, $38 and $40 per ton. But even at this reduced
rate, it is not sufficiently low, for there are those
who will engage to transport all the materials for
$25 per ton. I state this, more to show that the
chairman of the Naval Committee is mistaken in
his supposition that 1 was influenced by Mr. Wes-
tern, in offering the resolution of inquiry. I had
, been advised in regard to the subject before I knew
| Mr. Western had any interest in it.
Mr. STANTON supposed the gentleman had
j some of his friends who were willing to take the
contract for the transportation of the materials.
Mr. BOKEE would state, that so far as any
such consideration was concerned, he was just as
clear as any gentleman on that floor. His only
object was to subserve the public interest, aad it
was a matter of perfect indifference to him who got
the contract.
Mr. STANTON said that his only object in
1 making the allusion was to show that the difficulty
arose from the conflicting interests of rival parties.
Mr. BOKEE. I will conclude by saying, that
while favorable to the construction of a sectional
dock in California, I am opposed to the connection
of a basin and railway with it at the present time.
I have no practical knowledge of my own, but I
am informed by engineers, that wherever they
have been attempted in England, they have failed
to answer any practical purpose; and until they
have been proven to be of value from the trial of
the three now being constructed by this Govern-
ment, I would not favor a contract for another.
Mr. STANTON wished clearly to state, that the
basin and railway were not to be constructed until
those in course of construction had proved them-
selves to be efficient.
Mr. BOKEE. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to repeat,
that I am opposed to the kind of legislation I have
referred to. The act of last session required a cer-
tain contract to he entered into, without leaving
any discretion to the Secretary of the Navy. He
has reported to the House that in carrying it into
effect, it will involve an unnecessary expenditure
of nearly a million of dollars. Under such circum-
stances, I would not favor the resolution of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, but would require
that the matter of contract be left to fair and open
competition.
M.r. HOLMES said: This is one of the most
striking illustrations of a remark made very early
after the adoption of our Constitution, at our first
Congress, that the best way to administer this
Government is to separate the legislative from the
executive Departments,, and, as far as may be, to
let each Department revolve in its own sphere, and
bear the responsibilities that attach to it under the
Constitution. Sir, what is this Congress at the
last moment of its last session deliberating about?
j We are discussing the propriety or the impro-
priety of a contract made by the Executive. What
is this contract? It is a contract made in compli-
ance with your own law, according to the terms
of its enactment, and without militating, in anv
particular, against any principle connected with
the subject of contracts. .
Sir, the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Too*b*J
concluded an efficient speech which he has mane
in opposition, with a noble expression- that it
were well that we preserved the honor of this
Government, even if it should cost us millions of
dollars. Sir, to that expression I respond: if it
