1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBUr
608
coot millions, maintain your honor. Let that
honor decide, whether you be bound in contract
or not. If by sentiment, by expressions by im-
plication, even should it not be upon parchment,
sealed and delivered, you have made a contract,
it is as irrevocable in its action upon a noble mind
as if it "were made under all the sanctions and
forms of law. Does any man in this federal rep-
resentative body—I say, does any man deny that
we are bound, if not by the law, at least by the
honor that liree in every individual heart, to ob-
serve a contract that may not have all the formali-
ties of the law, but has the sanction of principle?
Will any man deny that?
And yet, sir, what says the gentleman from
Georgia? That this Government has the right—
whence derived God knows, I do not; it cannot
be derived from any noble principle of humanity—
that this Government has the right to violate a con-
tract whenever it pleases, and snail be the arbiter,
the determiner of the damages sustained by one of
the contracting parties?
Sir, a doctrine such as that would overturn all
confidence in the relations of individual men with
Government, Now let us see how stands this
case in reference to your laws. You have enacted
a law by which the Secretary of the Navy is not
simply allowed, bat is obligated, to make a contract
for a dock in California. Did he make that con-
tract, or ought he not to do it? If he made that
contract we are bound to abide by it. Sir, the
gentleman savs that that contract was not signed,
sealed, or delivered. Suppose it had been, what
then ? Could not this Congress abrogate it then ?
Is there any power given to any individual under
the Constitution to sue the nation to enforce a con-
tract against this Government ? I put this question
to the honorable gentleman from Georgia, and I
put it to the House. Suppose the contract had not
been signed, sealed, or delivered, and all the re-
quisites had not been gone through; and, yet, that
the party contracting had assigned it to another
person, and that that person so sub-contracting
bad commenced gathering hia materials and making
his arrangements, would that gentleman or this
House say tint the nation would be justifiable,
either in morality or in ethics, in violating such a
contract ? No man would say that. I put that
question now. We ought to know, that although
this may not be a contract in reality, yet every-
thing is reduced to writing; and are we not bound
in ethics and morality to ahide by this understood
contract? Would not such a contract as this be
enforced by Government against an individual?
Would anybody doubt it? Would any lawyer
doubt it ? If there is one in this House that would,
let him say so! If you wish any respect to remain
in the great heart of this nation for your laws—
-if you wish to be looked upon as noble—you must
deal with this matter in this light.
Sir, this gentleman, Mr. Daken, had your mem-
orandum. Your memorandum of what? Of your
agreement to the contract. And to my mind, the
whole difficulty appears to be, whether we shall
consider this simply in the light of a legal con-
tract, or shall, in a broader and more noble point
of view, look upon it as an understood agreement,
which to all intents and purposes is a moral con-
tract. In this agreement they have specified a
certain sum for which they will construct upon
the Pacific coast a dock for you. Well, a ques-
tion arises as to the propriety of the construction,
in connection with this dock, of a basin and rail-
way. Well, this difficulty is got over at once,
when we find, on inquiry, that the memorandum
of the contract provides for the necessity of the
completion of the dock, basin, and railway* upon
tile result of experiments to be made. Nobody
can doubt that if these experiments should prove
successful, that we ought to have a dock at any
and at every price. But, sir, let me explain this mat-
ter of the basin. Suppose this area, this Hall was
a basin of water, and these pillars were docks.
You will perceive, you will be able to take out of
the basin several vessels at a time for the purpose
of repairing and refitting, whilst others that may
be waiting for refitting could be in security. The
only practical question it seems necessary to set-
tle is, can we execute this work ? For myself, I
have no doubt that we can. j
Certain peraonshave undertaken to do it for you
at a certain price. It is now said that some other
person offers to do it at a less price, and itappears
to me that this ig the sole reason why Congress is
called upon to abrogate this contract. I would
ask, are we to be induced by speculative outsiders
Who infest this Hall, and who are the curse of this
nation, to do a dishonorable action ? And for what
purpose? For the benefit of an individual. And
nere I would ask, what is it to us whether A or
B gets this contract? I would go further than this,
and I would say, what is it to this nation that is
spending millions of dollars annually, that we do
spend $75,000 more than another man says he
will do it for ? Sir, the difference loses itself when
we consider that it is a cheap price at which
we buy the character of being a faithful, nation.
If we do otherwise, we lose that which is above
price in matters of legislation. A gentleman the
other day said jocularly to me, (although I look
upon it as no joke,) when an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair was taken, " Why don't you
vote against his decision r" The answer I made
was, " I have still some conscience left." His
reply, jocularly, was, " Then you had better go
out of Congress at once." That reply, although
in joke, contains a great deal of good sense. Sir,
it is my misfortune to have some conscience left;
and this attempt to violate the contract, and then
ourselves awarding the violated parties the amount
of damages that we shall be compelled by law
to pay, does not appear to me right either in mo-
rality or in ethics. But perhaps I am wrong.
There is another point to which I wish to allude.
It is, that if this opposition prevail, the result will
be that nine months will elapse before Congress
will be able to make an appropriation for the dry
dock in California, and therefore, if it is necessary to
be made, I think it should be done at once—a thing
that cannot be done unless the appropriation be
now made.
When I. had the honor of being on the Navy
Committee, it was I who recommended the gentler
men who now come forward for this contract to
unite, but who then were contestants for two rival
descriptions of docks. I recommended them to
unite. And I did so because for months we had
been perplexed in respect, to the relative merits of
the two plans; and to prevent further loss of time
I made my suggestion. I told them, Both your
docks have at all events great merits, but I advise
you to. compromise. Let the nation get the merits
of your discoveries. You have been quarreling
long enough, now make a compromise. They
have done so, and what is the result? Why, al-
ready their docks are commenced, and one, I
believe, is finished. And we are about to contract
for a dock in California for the convenience of ves-
sels navigating the Pacific coast. Vessels naviga-
ting that coast, after encountering the difficulties
| of the cape, will find a dock in which they can
! refit very useful. They will not, as my friend
from Tennessee says, have to be, ordered home at
a vast expense and inconvenience, to be still
further damaged by the return voyage. And
here I would remark to political economists, How
! much better to erect a dock which will cost you
$2,000,000, than to have vessels that are damaged
on the Pacific coast, to, make the return voyage at
great peril, and cost treble the sum-in refiting, in i
addition to the losses sustained "by their removal
; from their positions.
Gentlemen talk about the expense of transport-
ing to California the materials requisite. But here
| let me tell gentlemen who thus so gravely talk
about expense, that California is going to be the
salvation of the commercial community of this
! nation. Sir, you can afford to expend any money
i on California, and especially ought the specu-
, lative portion of the community to agree to any-
thing which will in any way advance her interests.
Sir, look at these facta. Your exports are less by
i foety-two millions of dollars than your imports.
One hundred and fifty millions of dollars of
your stock have been transferred into the hands of
English capitalists. And in view of this, let me
ask gentlemen whether there is not some reason
to expect, aye, and reasonably too, that ere long
such a revulsion will overtake the commercial ana
industrial world here, compared to which 1837,
with all its disasters, was but a stiff breeze to a
Cape tornado? In 1637 and '38, banks were com-
pelled to stop specie payment; and if you are not
compelled. to do that ere long, it will be because
you are importing $50,000,000 of gold per year
from California. When she is thus so clearly con-
tributing to our advantage, the expenditure pro-
posed will be little more than interest upon the
capital she advances. Let us take care how we
are too economical in this respect., If we don't
take care of her, she will find that it is much better
for her to take care of herself. Sir, Great Britain,
in her economy, lost these States. In her economy
she restricted us. And what is the result? we
felt a growing energy. And feeling a giant's wish
to exercise a giant's strength, in a country whose
bosom isof gold, whose valleys teem with fertility,
and whose forests are luxuriant to an extreme,
we tried that strength, and found.it, unaided, all-
sufficient for our wants.
I ask you, then, not to stop the expenditure of
si few thousand dollars on California. Let her not
feel that her interests are adverse to our own. But
let her find that she is recognized as a part of this
common Government, having interests alike to,
and equally respected with, the sister States of this
confederative Union. If you restrict her, you
know not what convulsions may follow.
I appeal to this House, to view the case in
another light: Whether we ought not to look with
some suspicion on a movement like that proposed.
You have, as I have endeavored to show, morally
entered into a contract for the construction of this
dock; and it appears to me (for I cannot express
myself in measured terms) you are called upon by
the meanness of one man to violate that contract
for the sake of that man's gain.
Let us take another view of the case: Must it
not strike the House that this contract being made,
the persons who have taken it have'spent their
time upon it? They made the requisite examina-
j tions and specifications, or at least soma of them;
! and does it become us to jeopardize the faith of
, the United States, by putting them to loss for such
considerations as those which have been addressed
to us ? Does it become the Representatives of the
people, for the benefit of one man, to injure an-
' other ? Does it so become this House to injure
individuals ? This Government should be a patent,
to foster and cherish its children, and should not
show ingratitude for the efforts and energies that
Already have been put forth for her enlargement
and exaltation.
Mr. TOOMBS Said, that at the request of a
number of gentlemen who desired to vote on the
proposition of the committee as modified, he would
withdraw Ms motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES inquired if the morning hour had
not expired ? '
The CHAIRMAN said that it had not.
Mr. ASHM.UN moved the following as a sub-
stitute for the resolution:
" That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to modify
the contract be has made for the construction of a drydock
in California, as reported by him in his letter to this Housa
of the 21st January last, so as to limit the same to flie con-
struction of the floating dock alone, without the basin and
1 railway; provided the contractors will agree to build the
same at the estimates pf the actual cost of that jjortion of the
| wock, to be made by a board of commissioners, consisting
! Of the chief naval constructor ;md the chief civil engineer
of the department, and the chief machinist of the Washing-
: ton navy-yard, under the direction pf the said Secretary;
, and provided the Secretary shall consider the said estimates
! fair and reasonable."
Mr. A., at the request of gentlemen on all sides
of the flopse, moved the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS asked the gentleman frotff Mas-
sachusetts to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to permit him to make a motion to refer
the bill to the Committee .of the Whole on the
j state of the Union.
I . Mr. ASHMUN declined to withdraw his amend-
j ment.
! . Mr. PHELPS moved to lay the resolution on
j the table.
Mr. SCHENCK wished to inquire what was
; the position of the question ? A resolution was
! reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
' and the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
i afterwards offered a different proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ftemi Ten-
! nessee 'has submitted no proposition which haB
j been entertained by the Chair, except the resolu-
| tion originally reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs. The resolution suggested by thie
! gentleman from Tennessee was not in order, and
the chair so informed him at the-time, as the
motion to- commit was pending. Since then the
motion to commit has been withdrawn, and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun]
has offered the amendment which has been read.
