1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
because, forsooth, the Secretary is .a Massachu-
setts man. Sir, I am proud of the statesmen of Mas-
sachusetts, when there is combined in them the
brilliancy of a mighty intellect with unswerving
integrity of purpose. I have learned the true
character of a Massachusetts statesman from the
history of the lights of other days—from the
Adamses, Q.uinceys, and Otises, and their associ-
ate patriots—from the men whose character bore
the stamp of revolutionary patriotism. They were
not men who sought "preferment for its gold,"
but when they entered upon office they entered
upon the road which led inevitably away from
wealth and luxury. They were content to serve
their country, dying if need be, nobly poor, and
leaving to their posterity that good name which is
better than riches. What would have been thought
of Samuel Adams, when he was selected to go to
Philadelphia and put his name to the Declaration
of Independence, or to meet at any other time the
continental Congress, if he had first demanded to
know what the merchants of Boston or New York
would give him for the service ? Sir, such a trans-
action would havedimmed the fame ofWashington
himself.
Now let any man say aught against the fame of
such a statesman of Massachusetts, living or dead,
and I will be the first to vindicate it. But when I ,
am told thai 1 ought to have been silent, and with-
held from the House facts within my knowledge,
important to be known, because they might not
reflect honor upon a statesman who now hails
from Massachusetts, I deny the obligation..
The greatest reason for the suppression of truth,
is that which my colleague, near the close of his
remarks, saw fn to adduce. If I understand., the
allusion to the Secretary's "salt," my colleague
intends by that to insinuate that I.have at some
time, not very recently, partaken of a State dinner
with the Secretary; and this, official courtesy,
which is extended to. opponents as well as friends,
should have .sealed my lips in eternal silence.
From that time forth the Representative of the
people, it would pew, having received his equiv- >.
alent, must be blind to all official wrong. _ j|
Such, sir, seems to be my colleague's opinion I I
of the potent,efficacy of the Secretary's "salt."
And does my colleague think that a Representa-
tive i^, to be bought with a State dinner? Let me !
tell him that l am unfit to hold that relation to this i
House and the country, if even the bestowment of a
lucrative office upon any.relation pf mine, a brother
for instance, would induce me to withhold one
fact which, die interests of my constituents re-
quired to be known. No,,sir; though that, office
should be the very lucrative one of purser in the
Navy, however it may excite the surprise of my
colleague, it would be thrown away, if it were
given with the hope of impairing in, my person,
in the, slightest degree, the freedom of debate in
this House.
Sir, when there is time and opportunity 1 shall,
here or elsewhere, review the obligations of
Massachusetts, and especially of my constituents
and myself, to Mr. Webster. I hope to state the
account with rigid justice and truth.
[Here the hammer fell,] ' I
Mr. ASHMUN. Mr. Chairman, I should be t
doing injustice to the good sense of this House,if ;
I were to consume the twenty minutes' time allot-
ted to me. Sir, it needs no word from me to an-
swer my colleague. The sense of shame and ,
indignation that shines upon him from every face
here, and that was expressed here so deeply and
manifestly last night, is abetter answer and a more
effectual response than any words of mine could
possibly be. Did you, sir, mark the indignation
that was felt and uttered all aroun4 the Hall when
the Shameless charge was made last night ? Have
you not,marked it to-day? Is there an honest,
honorable man in this House upon whom my
eyes now rest, who does not at once stand.ready 11
to cry out Shame! shame! But, sir, I come di- j s
rectly to the point. The member charged last 1
night, and he rises here to-day and charges again,
that before accepting the office of Secretary of
State, Mr. Webster required a condition prece- j
dent, entered into negotiations for the purpose, by
which it was made a condition that he should
accept the office, that he should receive from cer-
tain-bankers of Wall street, and certain bankers
in State street, a large sum, amounting to some
$50,000. He also stated that the contract by
which he entered into this office was fulfilled so
far as New York was concerned, and nearly so
as far as Boston was concerned. It was intended
as a charge of corruption; it was a charge that he
entered into that office for the purpose of favoring
those who by this contract placed him in his offi-
cial position. It was nothing else, and was in-
tended for nothing else. This House heard it last
night, and they have heard it again to-day. Sir,
■ I have nothing more to say in relation to this than
that in all its length and breadth, in the aggregate
and detail, I am authorized to state that it is an
unqualified falsehood. 1 am authorized, sir, to
say, and upon that authority I do say, that it is
an unqualified falsehood.
Mr. ALLEN. State your authority.
Mr. ASHMUN. Now the issue is made, and
the challenge is accepted. Now let the defamer
of the Secretary of istate carry out his threats.
That is all I need say, but I will state what I did
not last night 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman  ' ' '
Mr. ASHMUN. Take your seat, sir. You
wilt have time enough when 1 get through; but
you shall not interrupt me. Sir, I have now done
what I was not authorized to do last night; and
not being authorized to 9o it then, I did not do it.
I cannot be mistaken now; and there can be no
mistake ibout the language I use now. So much
for that. The gentleman has said that, whatever
else,he might be, he was characterized by frank-
ness. This will be news to some people in Mas-
sachusetts. It will be news to the people of his
Own,village. It is news to me. How long that
fentleman has been walking in a cloud of delusion
do not know. If his characteristic is that of
frankness, and has been through life, then, sir, I,
who know something of the people' of his district,
have not been informed correctly. How has he
illustrated that characteristic of frankness and
open-heartedness and manly intercourse with men?
Why, sir, I made some allusion to the feet-'last
night, that "during this very Congress, with these
feelings down in the deep abysses ofhis heart, he
had sat down at the hospitable board of Mr. Web-> ■
ster; and there, with his family and fl-iends around
him, had partaken' of his hospitality. He his
proved to-aay, by an extract from some'dld speech
which he has made, that he Was there sitttKng and
pretending to be courteous and friendly, when |
there was, in the dark recesses of his heart the i
malignity which has outpoured itself to-day.
Mr. ALLEN. I rise to a point of order. I
have no objection to any statement which the gen-
tleman makes, and to which I can have a chance
for reply. But the statement he makes is entirely;
false. I have not been iri his house this Session.
Mr. ASHMUN. Does the gentleman say thsit
during this Congress he has not dined with~Mr.
Webster?
. Mr. ALLEN. Not since that speeeh'waS made.
; Mr. ASHMUN. I do not know when that'
speech was made. It was read from some old
newspaper. It is no matter; the speech was made '
from no new impression. He did not ctome sud-
denly to the opinions concerning Mr. Webster
which are there announced. If for his' lifetime,
with the pretence of friendship, he has been har- i
boring these views, why, sir, the case is worse.
But the gentleman says he is frank, open, and
manly! He does not publish private, confidential
letters of Charles Hudson ? !
Mr. ALLEN, (in his seat.) No, sir; no, sir. ,
You are a scoundrel if you say that I do.
' Mr. ASHMUN. Whether you did so or not, '
Charles Hudson can say. He is known pretty
well in this'House, and his veracity can protiably
be trusted.
Sir, the member admits, then, that during this
Congress he has accepted and enjoyed the hospi-
talities of Mr. Webster; that he has sat at the
board df the man whom he now charges with be- :
ing the corrupt agent and hired, pensioned servant ;
of bankers, and with bearing the character painted
in the speech which he has just read, and has
smiled upon him while a dagger was in his heart, j
That is the frankness arid manliness of the man
who has spoken here to-day! Sir, my colleague 1
and myself were on a previous occasion colleagues
elsewhere. There are gentlemen present who re-
member the scenes of the Philadelphia conven-
tion.. My colleague and myself throughout the
whole of the Convention voted for Daniel Web- [
ster as the candidate of the Whig party for the
Presidency of the United States; and because he i
was not nominated, he rofce tip and denounced the
Convention as traitors to the Whig party and the
country, and spurning it, returned home and de-
nounced it through the country. A nice stand-
ard surely was the member then presenting to
the country, and an excellent specimen Of honest,
manly frankness was the member then exhibiting
to the world! So much, however, for that part of
the subject. The gentleman has said something
personal in relation to myself. I will forgive all
that. It is of no Sort of consequence to me in
this discussion, whether personal or political con-
siderations have moat prevailed in mv district to
give me the triumphant votes by which I have
been sustained here. It is of no sort of conse-
quence to the country, nor to anybody but myself;
and I will only say, in reply, that I stand here to-
day proud of the eordial and generous support
which they have ever given me, and proud of the
confidence which they repose in me this day.
Thus much I may be permitted to say. But the
member, among his list of personalities towards
me, has said that I have made speeches and writ-
ten them out for circulation at the South, and that
afterwards 1 have gone home and altered them for
some country paper at the North, with the pur-
pose of changing my language to suit different
latitudes. That statement is as false as all the
rest. There is not the slightest word of truth in
it. I appeal to those who have known me six
years upon this floor—I appeal to all who have
known me during a lifetime, whether there has
been any disguises with me as to my political
course, and if I have not been out-spoken and
frank and manly in all my personal intercourse.
In regard to my political opinions, has any iHan
here ever know me to falter or hesitate to avow
and act upon them? My own personal relation#
are indeed of no consequence to the matters be*
fore us. I rose to-day to say what I was author-
ized to say. I have performed that duty, and will
not prirsue my remarks any further.
Mr. HILLIARD. Mr. Chairman, I ask the*
indulgence of the* committee to reply to a per-
sonal attack which has been made uppn me.
Mr. ALLEN, (interposing.) I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I was allowed to reply to a, per-
sonal attack, but! confined my remarks to that
reply.' Now I find another attack is about to be
made. All I ask is the right to reply.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HILLIARD. I appeal to the committee
to indulge me ih a very short reply to the attack
which has been made upon me by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Allen.]
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Baylt} was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HILLIARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to allow me to reply to the personal
attack which has been, made upon me.
Mr. BAYLY. I have no right to yield.
Mr. ALLEN. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me for one moment ?
Mr. BAYLY. • Nobody knows better than the
gentleman from Massachusetts that I have no right
to yield the floor, except for explanation. I am
free to say, that as far as I am concerned, I have
not the least objection. I hope the committee will,
by unanimous consent, give the gentleman an op-
portunity of making the remarks he wishes.
Mr. STEPHENS, ef Georgia. I object.
Mr. ALLEN. I rise to a question of privilege.
It is this: A personal attack, a new attack has
been made upon me by my colleague, and I deem
it my privilege to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot regard
it as a question of privilege. The gentleman can
only proceed with the unanimous consent of the
committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object.
Mr. ALLEN, Will the committee alloty me
for a moment ?
Cries of " Order!"
The CHAIRMAN. There is' objection, and
the gentleman from Massachusetts cannot proceed.
Mr. ALLEN. Will the committee hear me
one moment ? I wish to reply 
[Loud cries of " Order! order!" from all parts
of the Hall.]
Mr. ALLEN. I 'Will bring forward proof to
sustain 
[Loud cries of M Order!" and g*eat confusion
in the Hall.]
Mr. JONES. It is the duty of the Chairman,
