the* q^obe.
Feb. 26,
if he cannot enforce order, to call to bis assistance
the Sergeam-ut-Arins.
After some litile time, the Chairman succeeded
in restoring order, tuul
Mr. BAYLY, who waa entitled to the floor,
rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked the gen da-
rn an from Virginia to yield, in order to allow him
to more that the committee rise. Hp made that
motion.
Mr. BAYLY. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. McLANE. I understood the gentleman to
yield the floor. I ask if he will not allow me to
make that motion ?
Mr. BAYLY. I will state explicitly that I did
got, and 1 shall not yield for that purpose.
Mr. B. then proceeded  o say: Afier the exci-
ting scene which has just taken place, I am sure
the House is id n i very favorable m< od to listen
to a plain, 'natter-of-fact speech. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Carttir] last night assailed me
very bitterly. ( tried very hard at the time to get
the floor to reply to him, but failed. Had I suc-
ceeded I should hare given him a " Roland for his
Oliver." Since ihat time I have "nursed my
wrath to keep it warm," but have been utterly
unable tn suceed. [Laughter.]
(Here (the Speaker having temporarily resumed
the chair) a message was received from the Sen-
ate, stating that that body had refused to recede
from its amendment to the' Military Academy bill,
Mid asking a committee of conference.]
Mr. H ALL objected to the committee being
rnted. He hoped the House would adhere to
amendment.]
The CHAIRMAN again resumed the chair.'
Mr. BAYLY, (resuming.) I say, after my
assiduous nursing to keep my wrath warm, I have
been unable to do so. I regretted it before the ex-
citing Meite we have just witnessed, but I regret it
still nv re now, for I fear I shall be unahle to arrest
the attention of the House by any remarks I shall
make, as they will not have the spice of repartee.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] said;
in reply to my remarks, that the Executive had no
right to accept the proposition made by Mr. Marks
and his associates; that there was not a county
court lawyer in Ohio who did not know that a re-
ceipt for money was an acquittance. He argued
that if we obtained a receipt from the Mexican
Government for this money, that this Government
was acquitted from any farther demand in relation
to it. Now I believe that everybody knows that a
receipt from a competent party to give it, and given
to a party who is competent to receive it, is an ac-
quittance. But it seems there is another thing
which some of the county court lawyers of Ohio do
not understand. One of them at least does not seem
to know what constitutes the Government of the
United States and Mexico? Where is the Gov-
ernment? This House is not the Government.
This House and the Senate are not the Govern-
ment; nor are this House and the Senate and the
President in all cases the Government. The Rep-
resentatives of the people have nothing to do with
negotiating treaties. In such cases the President
and Senate represent the nation. I maintain that
when a treaty has been made, in consequence of
which we are to pay money, and that treaty pre-
scribes the time, mode, and place of payment, that
there is no power in the two Houses of Congress,
nor in the President, to change that time, that mode,
or that place of payment, without negotiating a
new treaty, to do which it requires two thirds of
the Senate. Now what is this treaty with Mexico
upon this subject? It says:
"Immediately after this treatv shall have Seen drily rati-
fied by the Government of the Mexfcan R*public, the ram
of $3,000,000 shall be paid to the said Government by that
of the United States, at the city of flexksaj in the gold or
«Uver.«oin of Mexico. The remaining $12,000,000 shall be
paid at the same place, and In the name coin, in annual in-
stallment* of $3,000,000 each, together with interest on the
same, at the rate of six percent, perammnl- This interest
(ball begin to ran upon the whole sam of #12,000,000 from
the day of the ratification of the present treaty by the Mex-
ican Government, and the find of the installments shall be
paid at the expiration of one year from the same day. To-
gether with each annual installment, as it fails due, the
Whole interest accruiju on such installment from the begin-
ning shall also be paid."
By the treaty we are to pay in the city of Mex-
ico, in gold or silver com, these installments.
Now, what is the proposition of Mr. Marks, and
Disassociates? It was to authorize the Mexican
Government to draw eonsiderably in ad valine of
the day of payment upon this Government for j
these installments; that is the proposition, and it i
is not in accordance with the terms of the treaty.
The article of the treaty is plain enough upon
its face. But if there be any aoubt upon the sub- '
ject, it would be settled by the proceeding of the
Senate, to which I referred at the last session, and
to which I wish again to call the attention of the
committee. In that treaty as it was negotiated,
there was an alternative proposition as to tue mode
of payment.
It is well known, that when the treaty was sent
to the Senate for ratification, the following words
followed what has been quoted from the twelfth
article:
" Certificates, tn proper form, for the said installments
respectively, in such sums as shall be desired by the Mexi-
can Government, and transferable 1>f it, shall be delivered
to the said Government."
But the Senate declined to advise the ratification
of the treaty with these words in it; but amended
it by striking them from the article; and thus
amended, the treaty was finally agreed to by both
Governments.
It is very obvious, that in negotiating this treaty,
the Mexican Government«did not expect this Gov-
ernment to adopt the mode of payment which is
now proposed under the article of the treaty first
quoted, for they inserted a provision in the treaty
contemplating a mode of payment similar to that j
proposed by Mr.Marks ami his associates, which j
provision would have been unnecessary if the pay- ;
ment could be made in the mode proposed now '
under the article first quoted; but the Senate of the
United States struck it out. But now Mr. Marks i
and his associates come forward and make a prop- ,
osition to our Government to pay this money in a
mode which the. Senate of the United States., by
their acts, have said that it should not be done.
Yet the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,]
who,.though a good lawyer, as I know him to be,
comes here and says that there is not a lawyer in
Ohio who does not know that this mode of pay-
inept would be a proper one.
In my opening remarks, I made some reference
to the chaige that we were enabling the Barings
to shave the Mexican Government. The simple
reply was, that they have not a dollar of our j
money. The prediction which I made at the last j
session, that they >youId not receive a dollar of it
in advance, has been verified. Why everybody
who knows the credit of the Barings, knows that
they can borrow as much money' in Europe as
they want, at three per cent., and as long as they
can do this they are not' going to draw upon our
Government for money, upon which they will be
compelled to give security, and pay upon it an in-
terest of six per cent. If they snave the Mexican
Government they do it with their own funds, and
I do not see how their being our agent enables them
to shave &at Government any more successfully.
If the Mexican Government wished to borrow
money of the Barings they have authority, I pre-
sume, to pledge these installments for payment of
it, whether the Barings, &c., are our agents or
not; nor does their being our agents prevent the
Mexican Government from mortgaging these in-
stallments to other bankers, if it sees fit tp do so.
But, sir, this is a matter with which we have
nothing to do.
The gentleman from New Jersey has shown,
and I shall not repeat his words, that this pro-
posal of Mr. Marks to take the contract is but a
deeper scheme than that of the Barings. As to the
proposition of the Rothschilds, I have nothing
to add to what has already been said, that there
was no other proposition before the Government
than that of the Baring?; and this proposition of
Marks & Co., which as I have already shown,
was entirely inadmissible.
Mr. GREEN" inquired whether there any
contract made with the Barings by the Adminis-
tration ?
Mr. BAYLY. There is a contract.
Mr. GRElSN. I deny Aat there is,
Mr. BAYLY. The Secretary of State is my
authority. I am not responsible for the statement
that 1 make. Pospibly the gentleman from Mis-
souri, who says eo positively there is no con-
tract, is better informed in this matter than the
Secretary of State himself.
Now let me devote a short time to the exami-
nation of the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from New York. It proposes, to let the
contract to the highest bidder. Perhaps it is hardly
necessary on this point to add more to what has
already been said by the gentleman from New
Jersey. If the committee will look nt it for a single
moment they will see that it is utterly impracticable.
They will see that between the negotiation of a
loan and a negotiation for the payment of money,
there is no analogy whatever. If you issue pro-
posals for a loan, you accept the lowest bidder;
should he not be found responsible, you can with-
hold your bonds until you get the money, and no
great inconvenience can ensue; but if you have to
make a payment by a certain day, there must be
the strictest punctuality to sustain the honor of
the Government; and should the contractor not
happen to be a responsible party, and should fail
to meet that obligation, we should be discredited.
Again: it appear^ to me, that this plan of the
gentleman from New York will leave to the Ad-
ministration more scope for favoritism than at
present exists. He proposes that the contract
shall be let to the lowest responsible bidder. Who
is to judge of that responsibility? According to>
his resolution the Administration is to do so.
Suppose Messrs. Baring should offer to take the
contract at three and a half per cent., and the
Messrs. Mark's at twenty-five per cent., I have no
doubt that this resolution would give the contract
to the Barings as the lowest responsible bidder.
I' am not now expressing my own opinions. 1
have never sppken, and I am not nbw speaking
harshly of the Messrs. Marks and their associ-
ates', although in some of their publications they
have assumed that I have done so; but I am ex-
pressing the views of the Administration.
But, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
after making his attack on the Secretary of State,
and expressing his unwillingness to trust the Secre-
tary or State with this negotiation, stated that he
would leave it with the Secretary of the Treasury,
in whom it seems he has confidence. Now, it so
happens that the proposal of the Committee of
' Ways and Means does not confide this businetj^j
to Mr. Webster, nor to Mr. Corwin, nor by its
terms to anybody else. But the Constitution con-
fides this trust to the President of the United
States, who is the proper person to whom it should
be confided. It is our duty to makfe -the approprf-'
ation; it is the duty of the President to execute the
law by seeing that the faith of the Government is
redeemed, f am not willing to interfere with him
in the mode in Which he is to discharge -his Ex-
ecutive obligations;' I am not willing to take the
responsibility, when I cannot have- the' control.
If this Congress should chose by its mandate to
put it under the control and charge of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, you would assume the re-
sponsibility for him when you have no control
over him, and if any mishap should ensue, you
could not blame the President. We are simply to
do our legislative duty, to make the appropriation
and stop there. Then the Administration will
have to bear the responsibility for the manner in
which it performs its Executive duty. Beside^,
no practical result would ensue1, for Mr. Corwin
informed me that'if this arrangement had been
confided to him it would not have changed the
policy of the Administration on this subject.
In reference to Mr. Webster, and the direct
charge of corruption and venality that has been!
made upon this floor, so far as I an concerned, I
might not perhaps have said a word, if it were
not made to defeat one of the bills of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. But, as those remarks
were made for this object, I feel, in justice to-my-
self and to the committee, that I should say some
few words.
It is known to the country that I am pot, never
have been,and probably never shall be, apolitical
friend of the Secretary of State.' I have been upon
terriiA Of social kindness with him for ti ftumber of
years, which has awakened in my bosom, I
free to say, sentiments of warm personal regard.
I have had'a great deal of official business to
transact with him, and I say here, that I have
never transacted business with an officer who was
more frank, mori explicit, ntore straight-forward
than he, ana probably there is no man upon this
pide of the House who has had the same oppor-
tunities of judging of him as myself. When w*
"reported this bill, we knew , nothing of these
charges; but I am perfectly free to say, that if
they had been made before, it would not have
changed my vote in any particular whateyer, for
