1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOBD.
I do not attach the slighest consequence to them.
Wltr, sir 
Mr. VINTON here interposed, and made same
remarks, which were very indistinctly heard in
eansenueuce of the confusion which prevailed in
the Hall. The Reporter, however, understood
him to say, in reply to the inquiry of the gentle-
man from' Missouri, [Mr. Green,} whether any
contract had been made* that at the last session
of Congress Mr. Webster wrote a letter to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
stating that a contract had been made for the pay-
ment of both these installments.
Mr. BAYLY. I have that letter in my desk.
Mr. VINTON continued: One of the contract-
ing parties (Mr. Corcoran) is now in the House,
and 1 have been to him to inquire about it, and he
tells me that the contract is signed, sealed, and
executed in triplicate by the parties.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will state to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] as I hare already stated,
that I have been distinctly and emphatically in-
formed by the Secretary of State that there is a
contract. But, sir, to return to this charge of ve-
nality against Mr. Webster, which is made with
so much confidence that Congress ought to under-
take to interfere in this matter, over which it has
no control; I beg to ask who is Mr. Webster?
For many years "he has been at the head of the
American bar, and notoriously in the receipt of a
very large income from his profession. He is a
gentleman who, although he lives like one, does
not Htb ostentatiously. He does not gamble.
He has been not only ia the receipt of a large
reroiue from his .profession, but he has been in
high official station for nearly his whole life, and
yet he his poor! Is that a proof of his corrup-
tion ? The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
A i.lew] himself referred to the fact that the Ad-
amses and OtiseB died poor, as a proof of their
virtue. I have ret to learn that either one of the
gentlemen to wfiora he referred died poor. On
the contrary, if I am not very much misinformed,
most of them died very rieh. John Q,uincy Ad->
ams, who was in office all Ms life, and who wait
receiving no professional income, died very rich,
i do not infer corruption from this; but when their
-poverty is referred to by the gentleman himself as
Jiroof trf their virtue, how can he reject the same
sort of evidence in fivor of another, particularly
when it is so much more emphatic?
Mr. GREEN moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the word " highest,"and inserting
the word " best," in lieu thereof.
Mr. G. said that his object in moving this amend-
ment was to avail himself of the rule allowing five
Minutes debate, but that in doing so he should en-
deavor to confine his remarks strictly within that
rule. He (Mr.G.) had asserted during this whole
discussion that there was no legal contract in re-
gard to this matter, and he had asked gentlemen
-upon the other side to produce the con tract if there
was one; but the only reply was a verbal assu-
rance that there was a contract. Now, why was
it, in the Same of all that was good and peat,
that in a matter so important gentlemen would not
bring forward the document and exhibit it to the
House ?
Mr. BAYLY would tell the gentleman why.
Mr. GREEN could not yield the floor, as his
five minutes were too short. Why, he asked, was
-not this important contract produced, especially
when it was pretended that it was reduced to wri-
ting, and was in triplicate form, and when one, at
least, of the three parties to the contract was in
-the Hall. As to Mr. Webster's personal matters,
they were not there to vindicate or to attack him.
They were there to protect the interests of this
Government, and, as the guardians of the public
Treasury, to discharge a debt, and to pav an in-
stallment fallingwlue under a treaty solemnly rati-
fied by the Senate of the United States. It was
for the House to consider what was the proper
instrumentality to make use of, the one most con-
ducive to the interests of the country, and not to
inquire into the personal obligations of Mr. Web-
ster, whether he was rich or poor, whether he had !
made a fortune or squandered one. One remark
en posMitt. If Mr. Webster had been receiving
-so much all his life, and was now poor, it seemed i
rather to prove that he was a bad financier, and
would make a bad Secretary of the T reasury rather
than a bad Secretary of State. But he (Mr. G.) 1
Iiad no intention to cast any reflection upon Mr. |
Webster. All he intended to say was, that if My.
Webster had bound himself to place this contract
in the hands of Mr. Corcoran and the Barings,
who were his partners in this job, he had done
that which the law did not authorize, and that this
Government could not be bound by his act. The
House was now called upon to pass a law, and it
was their imperative duty so to shape it as to save
the Treasury from loss. He was prepared to de-
monstrate, that if this amendment of theg-entlertian
from New York [Mr. Brooks] was adopted,
$130,000 would be saved to the Government; the
j President and the executive officers under him
would have the same power of judging of the sol-
! vency, securities, and guarantees of the parties
1 bidding for the contract, and in all human prob-
ability they would give it to thesame men, but not
at the same price. They were trying to protect
' $130,000 now in the Treasury of the united States
from being lost. They were not there to take is-
sue with regard to Mr Webster's personal honor.
They were not looking back to past transactions,
but forward to the future.
One word in reply to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bayly.] He
[Mr. B.] had said that at the time the former
contract was made there were no bids except Mr.
Marks's and that of the Barings, and that there
would be none now. No bids! The idea was
' ridiculous, and inconsistent with the gentleman's
own argument. The amendment proposed that
they should advertise for this contract; that there
should be a fair and open fight for it—not to raise
a contest, a scramble for the contract, but in order
: to protect the interests of the Government. The
interests of the Government would be protected if
these provisions Were inserted in the bill. But
gentlemen said that it wouM look pitiful for this
Government, when it owed an obligation, to adver-
tise as to the means by which it intended to fulfill
that ofeKgation. He believed that argument to be
but a pretext to sustain a prior arrangement made
without the authority of law, and wliich the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] stated last
night, in reply to an inquiry, was not a binding
arrangement, had no obligation of law and no
validity. If any gentleman shouW net up to de-
fend it, he (Mr. G.) should be disposedr«s a
Missouri lawyer, to call in question his judgment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, BAYLY said that the gentleman from
Missouri waa talking about one thing-and he was
talking about another. As to the gentleman ques-
tioning his (Mr. B.' ) judgment as a lawyer, or
any other " Missouri lawyer" questioning it, it
was a matter of oidSt perfect indifference to him
whether they questioned it or not. His character
in that respect, such as -it was, was fixed for good
or for bad, and he had arrived at that period of
life when it was too late for him to acquire a new
one.
Now he (Mr. B.) had net said—nobody had
said—that there was such a contract as bound the
Government, and whieh the House was bound to
carry out. Nobody had said that the Secretary
of State had made a contract. If the House should
take this matter out of his hands they would be
assuming a jurisdiction that did not belong to
them. The gentleman from Missouri talked about
law, but he ihould reitiereber that there was sueh
a thing m constitutional law,- which he ought to 1
understand, and which he (Mr. B.) professed to j
understand. If the House was to undertake to j
assume the power of carrying-on this negotiation 1
and carrying out this treaty, by going aoy further
than to appropriate the money, they would be I
usurping a power that did not belong to them, and
there waa no man who had any claim to be con-
sidered a constitutional lawyer who would aay
otherwise.
- Mr. GREEN here interposed a remark that
wac not heard by the Reporter.
Mr. BAYLY, (continued.) The duty; of Con-
gress was to apprrfpiate the money, and it was the
duty of the President to carry out tlie treaty. He
did not believe that there was a man of intelligence
in the House or in the country who would con-
tend that the power of Congress went one inch
beyond that. He (Mr. B.) did ncrt. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had, with two soli-
tary exceptions, /or two s&tcessive sessions, been
perfectly clear upon this point. The two Houses
of Congress at the last session, when this question
was thoroughly discussed, decided, by, an over- ^
whelming majority, .that the duty of Coneres*
began in makingthe appropriation and ended there.
Mr. GREEN then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BAYLY said tlmt the gentleman from
Missouri was very anxious to see the contracts
which he (Mr. B.) had not brought to the House;
but it did not seem to him to have n particle of
reference to the subject, but he would send up th#
correspondence in relation to it, to have it read.
Mr. GREEN objected to the reading.
Mr. BAYLY said that the gentleman first railed
for the contract, and now objected to the reading
of the correspondence in reference to it!
Mr. OTIS moved to amend the amendment, by
adding thereto the words " under the dejection of
the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. 0. said that it seemed to him the great
question raised here was where the responsibility
of the money power lay. It lay, or .should lay,
where the Constitution placed it—in the House of
Representatives. The Constitution placed the re-
sponsibility of all money bills in the House of
Representatives; and so for as the practice went,
it not only began there, but it ended there; for in
no instance had a proposition in relation to money
matters that had passed the House been rejected^
or diminished; amount, by the o'ther branch of
Congress. But here was another and a different
matter. They were,told that in this instance thef#
was a contract whieh they had no power to vio-
late, and that they would violate their faith if they
did not make their appropriation conform to it.
They were told by ge tlemen that & contract
had already been made for the payment of this in-
stallment, although it was nearly two. years before
the installment would be due, and that unless they
•auctioned that contract, they wottld violate the
faith of this Government. He (Mr.G.) had learned
* different lesson of the duties of this House than
that they should allow themselves, to be dictated
to how they should make an appropriation in a
matter within their own provinoe. Anhf under-
stood the duties of this Government, no contract
should have beea mode until after this appropria-
tion had been made by the House, and according
to that> ppropfiation.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Kros]
had stated that - the Government were
ready to pay -eight per cent, premium for this
money; but Mr. O. stated that they could afford
and would be glad to pay nine, and even ten per
cent, for it, while by this contract it waa only three
and a half per sent.
Mr. 0. was then proceeding to reply to the ar 
nentsof the .gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
o,] when the Chairman's hammer fell, he re-
marking that he desired .half an hour to explain the
matter, and would take, another occasion to do it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said; He
had listened, with attention to the discission of the
question that had been raised, and the issue ap-
pealed to be, whether or not it was the duty of
Congress to give any instructions as to the mode
of payment of the $3,000,000 of the Mexican
indemnity. He quite agreed that this w-as the
proper time to make theappropriation for the years
1851-'52. He agreed with the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Bayiy,]
that this payment has hitherto been made by con-
tract; Vnd that itwas perfectly legitimate for the
Government to.accomplish its payment either i 
this or in any other mode. There were two modes
of payment; Either the money might be paid in
.such way as the Government of Mexico might
direct,, or it could be placed in the hands of a re-
sponsible party to effect its payment. In view of
the bill that was bow brought n* by the Committee
of Ways and Means, and the discussion to which it
had given rise, be (Mr. T.) would remark, thatin
his opinion, if Congress had the right to order the
payment of the money by contract, it certainly
had the power to give any directions it might
please as to the manner and rules by which that
contract should be governed and entered into. If
the matter were left in the hands of the Executive,
it should be left under their control entirely, with-
out any restriction on the part of Congress. If the
payment were to be made by contract, the princi-
ple that die contract should be,given to the highest
bidder, waa one that was sound; and he was not
for discarding the idea. The responsibility of the
con tract8l> Quid rest with those who made it.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to a point of order. The
