vtm
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
state of ike Union; but withdrew the motion at |
the request of"— I
Mr. THOMPSON, «r Pennsylvania, who re-
ceived the unanimous consent of the House to in-
troduce his report; which was ordered to lie on
the table and I* printed.
Mr. THOMPSON desired to say 
Objection from several quarters.
Tiie SP C A KER. The gentleman cannot ex-
plain.
[Mr. T. intended to say, when objection was
made, that the judge had addressed htm,as chair-
mart of the Committee on the Judiciary, a letter,
expressing his entire willingness to meet the in-
vestigation, arid a desire that it would be proceeded
in as speedily as possible; also requesting a copy
of the charges.]
THE FIVE MINUTES RULE.
Mr. BOYD asked and obtained the unanimous
eo-tsent of the House to introduce a resolution
suspending the five minutes rule, as far as it rela-
ted to the Mexican indemnity bill.
The question was taken and the resolution was
agreed to.
THE MSXICAN HWEMNITY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Commit- j
tea of the Whole on the state of the Union. j
The motion was agreed to, and the House ac- j
eordingly resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Botd in ,
the chiir,) and resumed the consideration of the
fo lowing bill:
A BILL to poind* for <wr}ii| i«to execution i« (
pari. t> ? t'*■<■! th a.-tiMnnf itte treaty with Mexico sanda-
lled u Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hju*e of Rcpretenta-
tUDU of the United St. lcs jf America in C in^rers assem-
Nri, That the shiii of threo millions one bundled and eigh-
ty tuou -and doilar.- be, and the same  - hereby,appropriated
out o "aiiy miney 10 iiiv Trta.-iuy not ot'iermse appropria-
ted, lor ill,- pay ne,.t n. th  in-italhaeut and interest wliich
will fall du>' on ihe thirtieth of May. eighteen hundred and
fltv-twn. unde.' l ie twelfth article ol the treaty fc t«rnen the
United States and Mexico, made and conrintUd at Guada
!U,<" Hidalgo. on the lecoud of Febroary eighteen hundred
and Ibrtv njtit.
Mr. BROOKS had moved to amend the bill by
adding thereto the following, viz:
"That the Pw.-admit be directed,  ■  in ease of loans made
for the u..e o' the U,d:.-d States, to advertiie and receive
proposal:!, and contract or the payment of (aid installment
through tiie highest responsible bidder."
And the pending question was on the amend-
ment to this amendment, moved by Mr. Howard,
as follows:
"■PmvWed, That the contractors shall give security for the
faiUifnl per 'orma ice of the contract, by an hypothecation of
the  ti ckw o.'tbe United dtates."
Mr. HOWASB, by unanimous consent, with-
drew bis u:ne;idmeni.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
the ge*itieman fro-n New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
Tellers were demanded and ordered,and-Messrs.
CiETTtB, and King of New Jersey, appointed.
Tits question wis then taken, anil the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 75.
So the amendment whs not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
, Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he had an
amendment to offer. He offered the following as
a substitute for the bill:
"That the President be, and is hereby, authorized td
eau«e to be accepted, payable at the Treasury of the Uniteo
State*, the draltt. of the Mexican Government drawn on ac-
count of the la-t in-rtallment of the indemnity to become due
to M -xico under th-' treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, provided
that Government will make a reasonable allowance for pre-
mium of exchange, am! deliver to the United States a valid
receipt and acquittance, acknowledging that the payment
of the raid draflb will be a payment in full of the sum to be-
come dne to Mexico on account of the said installment of
the indemnity aforesaid."
The question was taken ttpon the substitute,
and it was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the committee, according to order, had had
under consideration the state of the Union gen-
^ erally, and particularly the Mexican indemnity
' bill, and had instructed him to report the same to
the House without amendment.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question; i
which received a second, and the main question
was ordered.
The question now being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, it was put, and
carried in the affirmative, and the bill was read
the third time.
The question now being, "Shall the bill pass?"
it was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays;
but only fifteen gentlemen rising, they were not
ordered.
So the bill passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill passed, and to lay that motion on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous con-
sent, the House proceeded to the consideration of
the Military Academy bill, and the amendment of
the Senate thereto; when it was ordered that the
House insist on their disagreement to the amend-
ment, and ag'ee to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses;
and that Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr.
Toombs, and Mr. Jonks, be the conferees on the
part of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate an-
nouncing the passage by that body of the post
i office appropriation bill, with amendments; and
; on motion by Mr. Batlt, they were referred to
j the Committee of Ways and Means. •
1 ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On nwtim by Mr. BAYLY, the House then
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Botd in the chair,) and proceeded
' to consider the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1862.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to strike from the bill
an item appropriating $56,616 for the recruiting
service.
Mr. GIDDINGS said: I move to strike out that
, item, for the reason that I am opposed to any
| further increase of the Army. We have not time
; at this session to «nter upon a reduction of the
Army, officers as well as men, but we have time
to strike out a provision which > makes any addi-
tions to that Army. The appropriation which I
propose to strike out is intended merely for an
increase—for keeping up the Army by enlistment.
1 therefore move to strike out thai item.
Mr. JOHN A. KING said: I trust, that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio, to strike out the appropriation for recruit-
ing the Army, will not prevail. The necessity for
the annual enlistment of a part of the Army ren-
ders this appropriation indispensable, By the
; present law, men are enlisted for live years, and,
consequently, in each year one-fifth of the Army
is out of service by the terms of their engagement.
. Provision, therefore, must be made in this bill to
keep up the regiment* to the full complement au-
: thorized by the existing laws. With the know-
ledge of that fact, the committee will perceive, that
-1f the motion prevails, the efficiency of the Army
1 will be endangered, as without funds specifically
appropriated for -that purpose, agreeably to the
i usual estimates, the enlistment of men cannot
be continued. I had hoped, Mr. Chairman, that
when we came to the discussion of this bill for the
support of the Army, that the able and efficient
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House, with whom it has been my pride to
be associated during both sessions of this Con-
gress, would have been in his place, from which
he is so rarely absent, and that he would have
placed before the committee, as, from his greater
Knowledge and experience in these matters, he
would have been far better qualified than myself
to do, the reasons and arguments against the great
reduction which this bill contemplates in the esti-
mates furnished by the Secretary of War.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) May I in-
terrupt the gentleman from New York? (Mr.
Kmc.) I wish, Mr. Chairman, that this gentle-
man, or the chairman who reported the bill, would
inform the committee what necessity Mists for the
enlistment of these men, for which it is proposed
to pay $55,000 ? 1 want to know for what pur-
pose you will employ them.
Mr. KING. I will answer the gentJemanfjrom
Ohio without any difficulty. If the gentleman will
look at the reports of the Secretary at War, of the
' General-in-Chief, and also at those of the heads
' of the different branches of the War Department,
for this year, which are very full and minute on all
the subjects connected with the Army, and the
military defence of the country, he will see the
reason for these enlistments, and the purposes
proposed to be accomplished by this annual sup-
ply of men to the Army of the United States. I
will proceed, then, in the best way that I can, to
present some of the views which have decided
myself and others of the Military Committee to
sustain the estimates for the support of the Army,
as presented and asked for by the Secretary of
War, and to resist, so far as 1 can, such a reduc-
tion as is contemplated in this bill by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The estimates for
the Army proper by the War Department, amount
to J9,007,133; and the reduction proposed in the
bill before us amounts to about $2,500,000—nearly
one third.
The aggregate strength of the Army, as at pres-
ent established by law, and supposing every com-
pany to have its complement, is 12,927 officers
and men—composing eight regiments of infantry,
four of artillery, two of dragoons, and one of
mounted riflemen. It rarely happens that a com-
pany is complete, while enlistments cannot exceed
the limit of the law. It is supposed, that from
various causes and casualties, the number of men
actually in service and fit for duty fills short of
the full number from thirty -to forty per cent.
And the returns show only an aggregate, present
and absent, of 10,703, and that three thousand re-
cruits are required.
This army guards the forts on the sea-board and
the lakes i and the posts within the recent limits of
i the United States. By the report of the Ad jutant
General, it will be seen that out of the 12,927
officers and men composing the Army, 7,796, or
more than one half, are stationed in, or under
orders for, Texas, New Mexico, California, and
Oregon—-Territories acquired by annexation and
i by the treaty with Mexico.
I At the last session of Congress, authority was
given-to increase every company on the western
frontiers to seventy-four men each, and also to
mount and equip such portions of the infantry in
Texas and New Mexico as the President might
deem expedient. Thismodeof converting infantry
into cavalry has been found inefficient, and only
tending todisorganize the infantry; and its repeal
will be asked for, and that authority be given to
|! convert one of the eight regiments of infantry
i permanently into a regiment of mounted riflemen,
, ny a transfer from the regiments of infantry of
such and so many of their officers and men as may
be suited to such a change—thus giving a new
efficient cavalry regiment for the frontier service
against mounted Indians, without adding-a man to
the Army. • Berth the Secretary of War and Com-
mander-in-Chiof of the Army, in view of the-im-
mense line of frontier on the side ofMexico, to be
defended on both sides of that line against the in-
j roads and attacks of the numerous warlike arfd
well-mounted tribes of Indians within our newly-
acquired territory, Strongly recommended one or
more cavalry regiments, as the only effective force
against them. But the Committee on Military
' Affairs, upon full consideration, could not at this
time concur in the recommendations made, bat,
yielding to the views presented in favor of a greater
cavalry force, concluded to advise that a new
regiment of mounted riflemen should be formed
out of the eight regiments of infantry.
i In 1844 the extreme western posts, extending
1 from the Gulf of Mexico to Lake Superior, were
I Fort Jesup, within twenty-four miles of steam
( navigation on Red river; Fort Towson and Wa-
shita, on Red river and above Fort Jesup; Forts
Smith and Gibson, on the navigable waters of the
Arkansas; Fort Scott, on the southwest frontier
of Missouri; Fort Leaven worth, on Missouri river;
Fort Snelling,. near the head of navigation on the
Mississippi; and Fort Wilkins, on Lake Superior.
Several of these posts were in populous and well-
cultivated neighborhoods, and all were of «asy
access and cheaply supplied, so that the cost of the
whole Army in' tnat year for transportation was
less than #120,000. Now the outposts are removed
to the Rio Grande, the Gila, and the Pacific, with
long intermediate lines of posts between the fortnfcr
ana present frontiers.
