mi.
f m mmnm$io$kL globe.
708
This vast and, with small exceptions, totally un-
settled country, is to K? guarded and protected |
against the numerous bands of warlike Indians ;
within it; and the treaty with Mexico imposes on
us the additional obligation of defending the whole
frontier of that country, on the other side of the
Rio Grande, against the inroads and forays of these
Indians, who, for more than two hundred years,
have successfully plundered and ravaged this de-
fenceless country. The annexation of Texas has
added, also, a territory as large as ine of the great-
est States in the Union, whose American popula-
tion is as yet sparse and tn comparatively small
communities, and within whose limits foams the
wild and warlike Camanche. The settlements in
these immense regions must be protected—our
own, because they have & right to demand it:
those of Mexico, on our Western frontier, because
we have, by treaty, stipulated to defend them.
Then, too, we have California and Oregon, which
have their claims also, for protection. It was
in view of the defence which our new and enlarged
territory demanded at our hands, and in obedience
to the obligations incurred by us under our treaty
with'Mexico, that an increase of about three thou-
sand men was authorized by the law of last ses-
sion ; and these furnish the reasons and the ground
for the call which is now made upon Congress to
supply the necessary means to support and main-
tain the Army authorized by law, in the positions
to which they have been ordered by the Com-
mander-in-Chief, in view of our defenceless settle-
ments and of our treaty obligations. It is easy for
gentlemen to rise up and ask, What need have we
of an Army—and an Anby which costs so much?
What is the number of our Army, compared with
the extent of country which must be defended;
and the power and obligations of the United States.
It is as small as the extent and nature of its service
will admit of; and to accomplish in any degree,
the important results for which it is now, tend must
for many years to come be used, and until these
new countries shall have a population capable of
defending themselves, each and every corps of it
'must be rendered efficientin the highest degree,
and be composed of such character and description
of force as may be best fitted to cutfc, control, and
punish, the numerous well-mounted and warlike
tribes of Indians within our limits. These Indians
are brave, and have always subsisted by plunder;
and with arms in their hands, they will fight be-
fore they starve. We must exterminate or feed
them. None can doubt which of the two the
humanity of the country would prefer.
There is another question, connected with the
support of the Army, as asked for in the estimates
of the War Department, which cannot be over-
looked or avoided. You are bound by treaty with
Mexico,not only to protect the inhabitants of NeW
Mexico, who hove elected to become 'American
citizens, but also to guard the immense Hne of fron-
tier which now divides the United States from
Mexico. If you fail to vote the necessary sup-
plies for your Army, utider these circumstances—if
by reason of the curtailment proposed by theCom-
'mitteeof Ways and Means, thorough and com-
plete equipment and transportation should not be
afforded, and the defence and protection of the Mex-
ican frontier shall, from these causes, be incomplete
and defective, reclamations for losses and'plunder-
ed property will instantly follow, and Targe indem-
nities will be demanded, and must be paid to the
Mexican Government for the non-fulfillment of our
treaty stipulations. If, then, we intend to afford
protection to the scattered settlements in these vast
countries; if we intend to comply in good faith 1
with the stipulations'of our treaty, onerous as
they may be, we have no option but to vote the
supplies asked for the support and movement of •
the troops by the War Department. If we mean j
to do this, we must take the estimates of that
Department for a guide, and riot th« insufficient
appropriations proposed by the Committee of|
Ways and Means. The Secretary of War is
the responsible head of that branch of the public •
service. Before him are laid all the estimates
for its pay, subsistence, clothing, and transport-
ation. He is thoroughly conversant with the re-
quirements of the service, the character of tile
enemy, and the treaty stipulations by which we
are bound. In view of all these, and upon the re-
sponsibility which belongs to his station, he has
told you that for the Army proper he asks an ap-
propriation of $9,007,123. At an earfy period of
the session, the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee, seeing that the sum asked for was large, and a
very considerable part of it for the expenses of
transportation, decided, with the approval of the
other members of the committee, to look into these
estimates, with a view to their reduction, if prac-
ticable; but after a long and careful examination,
he Was unable to arrive at any other conclusion,
•with slight exceptions, than that the estimates, un-
der all the circumstances, could not be reduced with
safety to the support of the Army in the most ef-
ficient condition.
In that vi*w most of the committee concurred,
and hence it is that I, as well from the statement
of the chairman as from my own examination of
the subject, have come to the conclusion to defend
the estimates of the War Department, and to op-
pose the reduction contemplated in the bill before
us. I observe that the reduction -applies to the
clothing, to the regular supplies of the Quarter-
masters Department, as well as to the incidental
expenses of the same; and to the purchase of
horses for the cavalry, to the construction of bar-
racks, and to the transportation of troops. The
latter item is reduced from$£,000,000 to fl ,000,000.
Now, I should be glad to know upon what esti-
mates or calculations it was, that the Committee
of Ways and Means was enabled to come to con-
-eluSions So opposite to those of a majority of the
members of the Military Committee—whether
they had such estimates and information as will
justify them in stating to this committee that the
estimates of the Secretary of War should be cut
down to the extent proposed in this bill.
Mr. CARTTER. Do I understand the gentle-
mam from New York to say that the estimates are
cut down from the appropriations of last year?
Mr. KING. I mean thattheyare cut down from
the estimate* Of the War Department which I hold
in my hand—the estimates for the next fiscal year
—of nine millions of dollars.
. Mr. CARTTER. I would wuggest to my col-
league of the Military Committee, in reference to
the remark he has just-made, whether it is not
true, that the enormous expenditures in the Quar-
termaster's Department have not been the subject
of discussion in the'committee?
Mr. KING. I will reply distinctly that they
have been, and the chairman was authorized' to
examihe particularly this large item of expendi-
ture, and see what could be done to bring it with-
in narrower compass. Still, Mr; Chairman, I am
unable to perceive how it was thatthe Committee
of Ways and Meanscame to--their conclusions
to cut down, as it seems to me, without sufficient
warrant; the regular estimates, if good - reasons
exist for such curtailment and they.can be shown,
and the efficiency of the Army still be maintained,
and such portions of it at all times transported to
the frontiers where their services are required, I
will cheerfully lend my aid to such reduction. But
it must bis remembered that by the extension of
our frontiers we have'included avast territory, in
which reside numerous, warlike, awdVell-mounted
bands of Indians, accustomed for centuries to
phihder -and ravage the provinces of Texas, of
New Mexico, and the more cultivated and settled
provinces of Mexico on the- western side of the
Rio Grande; that these ftir-distant frontiers, and
; many Of thointermediate points, are to be reached,
! only at grearexpense by traversing! lines of route,
j of-many hundred miles in extent, where no culti-
j vation exists or supplies can be found—which can-
| not be reached hy water, but where all must be
transported in wagons.
'• The expenditure, therefore, of the Quartermas-
ter's Department have increased from these con-
siderations in a disproportionate ratio. In 1844
the amount expended by that Department was
! $871,CiOO. In the last fiscal year the amount Was
five times as great, exceeding a little $4,000,000.
" Since 1844 the Army has been doubled in num-
; bets. If the expenses had been the same the in-
! crease should have been in the same ratio. The
! increase is to be looked for in the long lines of
' transportation and in the communication* which
must b« kept up and maintained intheimmenseand
uncultivated territories of Texas, New Mexico,
Oregon, and California. Fort Leavenworth, on
■ theMissouri, has been theentrep6( for nil beyond
-it west, and for New Mexico. The expense of
th*'Quartermaster's Department is from three to
five hundred per cent., and in some items more
i than one thousand per aent. greater in New Mex-
ico, on the Oregon route, and Texas ,itKan it would
be on the Atlantic. In addition tor which, the state
of the service requires a large force of teamsters,
mechanics, and laborers. All these are now hired,
and sometimes at heavy rates; and often, owing to
the want of proper control, the duty is badly per-
formed. It is proposed to enlist a sufficient num-
ber of eaeh, and place them under the rules and
articles of war, which will give the necessary con-
trpl over them. The force which is best adapted
to the service in Texas and New Mexico is caval-
ry, and such it must continue to be, until the no-
madic tribes of Indians, whose food was the buf-
falo, and who,'tis they have diappeared, have sines
lived by plunder for their subsistence,'shall con-
sent to become cultivators. If then we must main-
tain the posts along oar western frontier, we must
continue to feed and to clothe the men who are to de-
fend and protect them. This large excess, there-
fore, over the expenditure of former years, is the
result of the annexation of Texas, and of thewar
with Mexico, and cannot, so far as the information
has been laid befbre the Committee on Military
Affairs, be diminished in any essential manner.
If any reduction founded on better information,
or upon estimates based upon authority entitled
to more respect than those recommended by the
War Department, can be shown, I will cheerfully
yield my support to them. But until such can
be shown I am not at liberty, having in view
■ the efficiency of the Army, the distant and ardu-
I ous service in which it is engaged, and the obliga-
: tions incurred by the treaty with Mexigo, to with*
hold any part of the regular estimates "which have
been laid before us for the support of the Army.
I may here state, for the information of the com-
mittee, that the Oregon rifle regiment has been ■or-
dered home by the way of Panama and New Or-
; leans, where it is to> beremounted and marched
i across Texas to its uicnnatedestuiation—the Terri-
tory of .New Mexico. A dispatch has also been sent
to the commander of tlie Pacific division, to know
whether, in his opinion, it would be safe to allow
the troops now sthtioned in California to be with-
drawn, leaving the defence of that .country to the
brave, hardy, and well-armed men whose numbers
and courage will furnish the best and surest pro-
jection against the attacks of tta native tribes.
When the thousand men Who are-miw in Oregon
j and California shall have returned f'n>m these dis-
tant countries, a large item of expenditure will be
at once reduced. As the approbation for the
Quartermaster's Department is that which has 1 e-
come, from its increase, the object of attack and
reduction, it may, perhaps, be well to allude
I briefly tothe character of the service which it is
required to perform. Previous to 1845, h11 sub-
sistence stores required iii time of peace were de-
livered at the .several posts and stations by con-
i tract, without expense to the Quartermaster's
! Department; and, as before stated, these posts ahd
stations were at that time, and previous to our
new acquisitions of territory, of easy access by
water, and situated, many of them, in -the neigh-
borhood of cultivation and supply. By the pres-
ent arrangement the Quartermaster's Department
' pays all the expenses of transportation from the
i places of purchase to these distant posts, -The
( Commissary General purchases the supplies where
j they can be had on the best termsi, and as near to
the stations to be supplied as may be, a fid then the
Quartermaster's Department, is called Upon to
transport them to their destination. The actual
cost to the Government may be the same under
either arrangement; but the expanses of the
Quartermaster's Departmentare swollen by thefull
: amount thus paid. The cost of forage is based on
actual purchases within the year. The price va-
i ries at different posts and at different seasons of
' the year. The cost of forage at Ports Laramie
t and Kearny is the cost of grain in Missouri with
j the cost of transportation added, as forage must be
1 transported and supplied wherever the service re-
| quires it. The expenditure can only be controlled
by the most>rigid economy; and as the operations
of the Army are governed by circumstances over
which the Quartermaster's Department has no con-
• trol, it should not be held responsible further
than to a strict economy in all its expenditures.
-•Should the system of cultivation recommended be
carried into effect, the expenses ©f supplies may
and will be reduced. Time alone, and the pro-
i teetion afforded by the presence of the troops, can
; «$ ct this<«haBge; &ad'the estimates for the next
