THE COMRESSIONAE GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $ 1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st concftesi, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1851.
New Series No. 45.
admire the great mind, but they love the good
heart. Bath united in the same person make
the hero,—not your flashy, roistering bully, but
that sublime union of intellectual and moral worth
•which constitutes the public benefactor, no matter
to what public station the people may assign him,
whether as a General of the Army or as a Secre-
tary of State.
What a dazzling effulgence sparkles from the
renown of a free nation, where no other glory is
recognized but the lustre of merit and of mind!—
where no baubles, and no pageants, and no titles-
no idle pomp, no vain parade, makes up the sum
of our national renown, but where all is solid sub-
stance—glorious'genius—unostentatious valor.
Immortal as may be the monument at Bunker
Hill, or the marble memorial to "Washington, it is
still as frail and transitory as the fleecy snow-
flakes in a melting sun, compared to that eternal
monument which afrte people construct out of fret
hearts to eternize the genius and virtue of such a
public benefactor as Daniel Webster. Parian
marble, and Grecian bronze will perish and decay,
but the gratitude of a free people will endure for-
ever. Sir, I congratulate the country on the ver-
dict given by your votes on yesterday, which
scatters to the winds the frivolous assaults made
upon Mr. Webster.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to call the attention of
this body and of the country to the fact, that this
agitation did not commence with Free-Soilers. It
comes from an entirely different quarter. It comes
from the Administration party—from the particular
friends of the Secretary of State, who has said so
much, and written so many letters, to " put down
agitation." Well, sir, if he really desires to put
down agitation, let him put down his "Union
meetings," suppress his "Union letters," silence
his " Hunker papers," quiet his " silver gray"
friends. Let him go to the Senate Chamber, and
soothe the agitated elements there; let him quiet
that body: then let him come to this Hall, and
persuade his friends hereto attend to the business
"of the nation, to pass our appropriation bills, and
to abstain from assailing their fellow-members;
from threatening the people with an army to be
used in cutting the throats of all who refuse, at the
bidding of the President and of your fugitive law,
to chase down the flying bondman, as he hurries
to a land of freedom.
Sir, when I came here this evening, I had no in-
tention of occupying the floor for a single moment.
I came with the intention to hurry through this
bill as rapidly as it could be done, and thereby
hasten the necessary legislation, whieh remains to
'be perfected before we separate. I was asked and
requested to speak on the subject of this fugitive
law. I replied that I could not; I had made no
preparation, and was unwilling, at this late hour
of the session, to draw down upon myself the un-
kind feelings which would be excited against me
if I were now to speak on that subject, at an hour
when every member ought to be impatient for the
passage of the bills necessary to carry on the
Government.
History will record the events of the present
session, and will point unerringly to those who
have endeavored to suppress legitimate discussion
'at the proper time, and who now interpose such
speeches as we listened to last evening and to-day
—at a moment so unsuited to a calm and dispas-
sionate examination of the effects of this fugitive
law. What are the facts? Why, sir, on the first
day of the session the President sent us his an-
nual message. It contained a full development of
his policy, and was therefore important to the
country. It had ever been the practice te discuss
the annual message fully in Committee of the
Whole, at an early period of the session, when
we have little else to attend to. Our fathers deemed
this practice not merely right, but expedient and
important, in order that the country should fully
comprehend the policy which was to guide the
Administration.
In accordance with this long-established visage,
on the 9th of December, while in Committee of
the Whole, I ventured to express my views upon
45
I the message. Before my brief hour had expired,
I 1 saw around me a score of members with anxious
| countenances, awaking the precise moment that
I my time would expire; and bo sooner had the
j chairman's mallet touched the sounding board than
a score of voices demanded the floor; and a motion
was made for the committee to rise, for the reason
that we had just commenced on the short session
of Congress, and had so much important business
to transact, that it became us to laibor and not to
spend time in discussions. A resolution terminating
the debate in Jive minutes was instantly adopted;
and throughout the whole country I was denounced
for thus delaying th* business of Congress. On Thurs-
day following we adjourned over until Monday,
and although we could spare but precisely one hour
and Jive minutes to discuss the President's message,
I believe we have found it perfectly convenient to
spend at least twelve days in doing nothing, and, at
least, during fifty other days our sessions liave not,
I think, averaged more than two and a half hours
in length. Nor is this all; the general appropria-
tion bills usually call out political discussion. These
were not reported until the tenth of the present
month, and the first, I believe, was called up for
action on Saturday last, there being at that time
but eight legislative days of the session remaining,
i Sir, I cannot say that this delay was brought about
! for the purpose of sealing the hps of the minority
1 here; of that the country must judge. This Army
bill and the fortification bill and the Navy bill might
as well have been called up sixty days since as
at this hour. The States have not been called
for resolutions under the rules of the House during
the entire session, and no opportunity has been
afforded the opponents of the fugitive slave law to
present a bill for its repeal, or obtain a vote on that
! subject. Thus, sir, have the lips of the Free-Soilers
I been sealed in relation to the fugitive law during
the entire session, except the humble speech of my
own, made, as before stated, on the 9th ctf December.
I So fully have my political friends appreciated these
j! facts that not one of them has attempted to speak
'! on the fugitive law, although I know that many of
, them have been anxious to occupy a brief hour on
that subject.
While the river and harbor bill was under eon-
i sideration, the gentleman from North Carolina
i [Mr. Clingman] and my colleague, [Mr. Tay-
! lor,] both interposed speeches on the fugitive law.
i Free-Soilers might have done so, but they appre-
i ciated the impropriety of thrusting this question
before the House on that occasion; and up to this
, time we have been compelled by this parliamentary
\ legerdemain to sit in mute silence on this important
subject.
In the other end of the Capitol the friends of the
Secretary of State have been engaged day after
day in exciting debates to "put down agitation."
I feel constrained to call attention to the debates
in that body, before I proceed to the examination
of the subject which has called out these attacks
upon my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr, Allen.]
Sir, parliamentary rules, as well as common
i courtesy, forbid all direct allusion to the remarks
' of gentlemen made in one branch of Congress,
by members of the other. But, sir, the manner
in which certain Senators have lately extended
their supervision over members of tnis House,
demand at my hatids a passing notice.
On Friday last, a distinguished Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clat,] while speaking of the
President's late proclamation, and the negroes of
Boston, is reported to have said :
" The proclamation is not aimed solely at the miserable
negroes, stimulated, no doubt, by those outside of the court-
house who laid all the plans, and tome of whom—one at
least—was at the door beckoning to the negroes to come in
 not a negro—I beg pardon, a white negro—standing at the
door beckoning to the negroes to come in. Roes not every-
body know that it is not the work of those miserable
wretches, who are without the knowledge and without a
perfect consciousness of what became them, or what was
their duty? They are urged on and stimulated by speeches,
I some of which are made on this floor and in the House of
Representatives, and by prints which are scattered broad-
east throughout the whole country."
This attack upon the intelligence of the negroes
of Boston, I think, is in bad taste. Among them
I am acquainted with one who is a lawyer of re-
spectable standing. A large portion of them are
men of character. They know their rights. They
understand and appreciate the barbarous character
of this law. They possessed philanthropy-and
manhood enough to rescue their brother from the
jaws of the Executive blood-hounds, who had fast-
ened upon him. For that act I honor and approve
them. Their names are worthy of standing upon
our country's history, with those patriots who
used Boston harbor as a tea-kettle in 1775; those
who resisted the stamp-act, and the tax on tea.
Mr. MASON interrupted Mr. Giddinos, and
inquired whether Mr. G. approved the mob in
Boston ?
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. That contest, Mr.
Chairman, is entirely between the Administration
and its officers on one side, and the negroes of
Boston on the other. W ith that I will not inter-
fere. [Great laughter.] All I have to say is,
" Give them a Hear field and a fair Jight." [More
laughter.} The Senator speaks of them as "mis-
erable wretches, without knowledge and without a
consciousness of what was their duty." Let their
action vindicate them froVn these aspersions.
Mr. MASON -wished to know if Mr. Giddings
approved of the conduct of those white men who
were engaged in the mob?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have yet to learn that
any white man was concerned in it. It was solely
the work of the negroes; they managed their
own movements, guided their own action, de-
feated the execution of the fugitive law, and fairly
outmanaged the slave-catchers. I ask pardon of
the negroes for thus connecting them with a class
which is degraded so far below them. But the
gentleman wants an explicit and more particular
avowal of my sentiments. I then say to him,
that I would not advise forcible resistance tp this
law, neither would I advise against it. I would
leave the colored people to act according to
the dictates of circumstances and of their own
judgments. They ought not to resist when there
is no prospect of success. In this instance they
rescued their brother from chains, torture, suffer-
ing and death, to which this infamous law and the
slave-catchers would have assigned him. Were
I a colored man, as I am awhiteman,! would not
hesitate to slay any slave-catcher who should at-
tempt to lay hands on my person to enslave me.
Nor would I stop to inquire whether such per-
son were commissioned by the President to seiae
and mailacle me, to rob me of that right to liberty
with which God has endowed all men. I repeat
what I said in December: " When human govern-
ments overstep the bounds of their constitutional
powers, in order to rob men of life or liberty, their
enactments are void; they impart no authority to
any human being to perpetiiate the crime." No,
sir; neither the President's commission, nor your
detestable law, imparts a y moral right to your
slave-catching marshals to commit murder, or
piracy, or crimes far transcending them in tur-
pitude.
But I have been led by the gentleman's ques-
tions from the remarks of the Senator, which I
had brought to the notice of the House. Allu-
ding to the negroes, he says, " they are urged on
and stimulated by speeches, some of which are
on this floor, arid in the House of Representatives.
Well, sir, thanks be to God, and to the founders
of our Republic, I stand here a freeman, the Rep-
resentative of freemen, speaking the convictions
of my own judgment, avowing my own senti-
ments, acknowledging responsibility only to God
and my country, hording m contempt the frowns
of any individual who would control lfly political
actions. Will that Senator undertake to say when
I shall speak, and what I shall say ? But the Sen-
ator goes further, and says:
"The proclamation, then, has MgRer
It aims at the maintenance of the law; it aims at putting
down all those who would put down the law and the Con-
stitution, be they black or white."
Well sir, if the President has aimed his proc-
lamation at gentlemen on this floor, it will prove
like the poets gun:
