1851.
THE O@N0RESSK>TffAL GLOBE.
W7
« routing of obsequious flattery," thitkbf laid on."
His eulogistic praise was eloquent. I heard it
with interest, and could almost usite in the desire
of" a distinguished statesman, and wish that we
might enjoy " stated preaching" of that kind
every evening, provided it were true; but when he
came to the application of his discourse, and assailed
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Allen] for
daring to put forth statements which at that time
no one denied, 1 began to doubt his logic, and his
fselicy.
Sir, instead of these extravagant laudations of
the Secretary of State, and these attacks upon ray
friend, [Mr." Allf.m,] why did he not demand an
inrestigntioii ? W hy not ascertain the truth of this
matter? Why not inform the country? If the
Secretary be innocent, he is most unfortunate in
the selection of his friends here. I would save him
from such friends. Were I acting as the friend of
the Secretary, I would demand an investigation;
I would know the truth of these charges. I would
inform the country of the facts. It strikes me that
<he professed principles of the gentleman, [Mr.
Hilliahd,] should have taught him that truth is
more important to the Secretary of State at this
time than declamation and bombast. If the state-
ments of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Allen] shall be sustained by proof, the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. milliard] will find
himself in a very awkward position. He will
then be constrained to recall all he has uttered.
Next came the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Houston,] who, at the close of a short speech,
took occasion to express his belief that the state-
ments of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr,
AxltEn] were unfounded calumnies. Well, sir, if
they be such, it becomes that gentleman and the
House to demonstrate that fact: to let the country j
know that a member of this body from the old |
Bay State has wantonly, and without eatise, pre-
ferred charges agai nst the Secretary of State. The i
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Allen! de- !
mands the scrutiny. His friends demand it. :
Such investigation must implicate the Secretary of
State, or subject my friend [Mr. Allen] to the
imputation expressed by the gentleman from Dela-
ware. Here, then, comes the test. Who seeks,
and who avoids investigation ? And I say to the
House that the friends of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Allen] will do all they can
to obtain it. If they can get a resolution for that
purpose before the House, they will press it to a
vote. They vill not hesitate to move such resolu-
tion if they can obtain the floor. Then, sir, will
come the test. I am awnre that the friends of the
Secretary are already endeavoring to find a way
for retreat; some difficult passage through which
to escape. It has been intimated that, if true, the
charges do not amount to bribery. In fact, it is
said that they carry with them no moral turpitude.
If true, why has his colleague [Mr. Ajhmun]
denied them? Why has the Secretary authorized
such denial? These are important questions. If1
the facts stated by my friend [Mr. Allen] do tiot '
Impeach the honor nor the integrity of the Secre-
tary of State, why is that member so bitterly |
assailed for making statements that are harmless ? ■
Sir, I call the attention of this House and the '
-country to these contradictions and inconsistencies '
on the part of those who attempt, by raising a ,,
cloud of dust in this Hall, to cover the retreat of; ■
the Secretary of State. 'i
But, sir, I pass on to the transactions of this ;j
evening. Soon after our meeting, I moved to '
strike from the Army bill then before us, the ap-
propriation of $56,000 for enlisting new recruits !
for the service. 1 was anxious to explain my j
own views in regard to the amendment, but such !
was the pressure of business upon us; that I could .
not justify myself in occupying even three minutes !:
ofourtime. Vet the gentleman from Pennsylvania i
£Mr Levin] rose, and under these circumstances j|
addressed the House at length in favor of main-
taining a standing army, and assailing Pree-Soilers ;;
generally, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
{Mr. Allen] and myself in particular. Ij
Following the programme laid down by the j<
leaders of the Administration, he was careful not I
to deny the charges, but rather admitted them to !<
be true, but assailed the gentleman from Massa- j
chusetts [Mr. Allen] for uttering them.
Mr. LEVIN. I reiterate that if the faets were j,
fairly stated they do not reflect upon the Secretary |j
of State. My remark* were based upon the sup* j,
position that Mr. Webster had received aid from
j his friends.
j Mr. GIDDINGS. Surely the gentleman would
; not have supposed a falsehood. [Laughter.} But
j suppose h« disbelieved the statement. Still he
! evidently intended to preserve a place for retreat,
by an argument intended to show that the charges,
if true, do not impeach the honor of the Secretary.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is a lawyer.
ment holds In check the Legislature* of four sov-
ereign States of this Unton^ iwtoher-of which is
i able to elect Senators to Congress who oppose the
| truth we preach. 0*r progress is onward. Nei-
ther threats of using the Army, nor the Army
, itself, can retard the rapid advance of truth.
No cry of " danger to the Union" can alarm
the people, or frighten them into obedience to this
law. This " ignis fatuus" of dissolution has for
He has heard the indictment in this case, and in the more than a year constituted the entire capital on
, ancient language of judicial proceedings, I demand which certain political leaders have traded. A
of him to plead either "guilty" or " not guilty." 1—"■   :—J -- ' 
That is the question in which the people are in-
terested. The farmers and laborers of the great
West desire to know the facts. They will wish to
understand in plain and explicit language, whether
i the Secretary of State assumed upon himself that
! office under the assurance, the expectation of re-
: ceiving some $40,000 or $50,000 of the merchants
; and bankers of New York and Boston. Let them
once possess the facts, and they will not ask the
greater kumbttg was never conceived or brought
forth. The gigantic intellect of the Secretary of
State, aided by the political experience of certain
distinguished Senators and politicians, could alone
have given birth to this '' splendid failure,'' which
if put forth by men in the more humble walks of
life would have entitled them to lodgings in some
lunatic asylum. There is but one mitigating con-
sideration connected with it; that is the consistency
with which the President and his Cabinet are
gentleman nor myself to make an argument on the , striving to keep up the deception. The late procla-
subject. They will form their own opinions and raation against the negroes at Boston constitutes
act upon the dictates of their own judgment. ja burlesque upon civil governments which is
The gentleman [Mr. Levin] urged the main- '; strictly in keeping with " Union meetings" and
tenance of the Army. He declared, if there ever i the cry of " danger^to the Union," put forth in
this House, in the Senate, and by the Executive.
The history of the times will show these things in
their true ught, and place these disunion panics
among the most extraordinary inventions of any
age. The authors should at once obtain patents
both here and in Europe. Sir, I have been be-
trayed into a much longer speech than I intended.
I now come to the present position of the subject
which has brought upon my friead from Massa-
chusetts such an avalanche of denunciation. That
gentleman made statements of facts. If true, tho
country is entitled to know them. They are im-
portant. The Secretary of State exerts great in-
fluence in the Government. He is in truth
regarded as the " master-spirit which guides the
ship of State." If he took that station as the em-
ployee of merchants, brokers, and bankers of
New York and Boston; if they bestowed upon
him forty or fifty thousand dollars to induce him
to go into the Cabinet, it follows as an irresistible
conclusion that he is now acting as their agent, and
not as the agent of the people generally. The
facts stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Allen] will explain the efforts of this Sec-
retary in favor of " Union meetings;" the letters
he has written in favor of the "fugitive law;"
the energy he has exerted to suppress the freedom
of speech, under pretence of " putting down agi-
tation;" the speeches he has made; the dinners
he has eaten, and the wine he has drank, " to
save the Union." Forty-five thousand dollars con-
stitute a fair price for all these labors to protect
the commerce of those cities, with the slave States,
from interruption.
Sir, it is a law of mind that we should sustain
the interests of those from whom we receive our
bread; that we should consult the welfare of those
on whom we are dependent. The merchants and
bankers of Wall street and of State street never
did and never will give their money in such pro-
fusion without expecting a "quid pro quo." If
they have bestowed $40,000 on the Secretary of
State, they expect his services in return. They
expect him to consult their interest. He will do
Let the country remember that it. Their interest is opposed to that of the laborer,
the gentleman boldly proclaims that no man is ! the farmer, the mechanic. They want your
bound to obey the laws unless he approves of ;> splendid lines of mail steamers, your powerful
their justice, and that each individual is invested jj Navy, your numerous Army; all of which are
with the power of judicial construction ! A sole- i: opposed to the interests of the great body of the
was a time when the Army ought to be kept up, <
it is important at this juncture; and referred to
j the charges now made against the Secretary of
State as the occasion for supporting the Army. }
Well, sir, he desires an army to put down the j
freedom of debate in this Hall. He very signifi- i
cantly pointed at my humble self, and spoke of the !
doctrines which I advocate—doctrines avowed by
Jefferson and Hancock, and a mighty host of pa- ]
triots and statesmen who have gone before us.
These doctrines consist of " self-evident trtUhs." \
; He desires an army to put them down, to prevent |
, the promulgation of principles held sacred by our
' fathers, to stop discussion, "to put down agita- |
; Hon. "
I Mr. LEVIN. I confess that I am an agitator. 1
■ What storms are to the atmosphere—what tem- ;
; pests to the ocean—the agitator is to the political
| world. He puts its particles into motion, he pro-
I daces an excitement which carries off the corrup-
I tions that have been accumulating for years. I
am an agitator-for good, but not for evil—to pro-
i tect, but not to destroy.
| Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, sir, we are all con-
| scious that much scum has been thrown off here
; within the last twenty-four hours. [Laughter.]
But to proceed with my remarks: The gentleman
thinks an army should be maintained for another
! purpose—to compel the people to carry out this
' fugitive law: a law enacted by a minority of the
Senate and of the House; a law enacted by slave-
holders and a few of their northern allies, while
the mass of the northern members fled from the
Senate Chamber and from this body; a law which
is odious to all the free States, which commands
! the people to leave their firesides and work-shops
i to aid m seeking out the hunted fugitive. The
people refuse to perform that detestable service,
and we are to maintain an army to cut their throats i
for such refusal. We, the servants of the people, |
' want an army to butcher our masters, because j
they will not obey this odious law! In fact, this !
' is substantially the doctrine of the President's late !
message. i
Mr. LEVIN.
cism like this applies the axe to the very root of
our Government.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Sir, that man has lived to little
purpose who, at the age of forty, does not know that
a standing army, in time of peace, is the bane of
free Governments. It is the instrument of tyrants
and usurpers. For what purpose would the Presi-
dent now use the Army, except to enforce this
odious law: to subject the people of the North
to the slave power ? To shoot them down if they
refuse to violate their own sympathies and God's
commands ? Sir, I would say to gentlemen here
and elsewhere, that the advocates of freedom are
not to be intimidated. They know their power;
it is the power of truth. They see it operating
upon the popular mind. The great heart of this
mighty nation beats in unison with our doctrines.
This feeling is increasing and extending into every
veiq and artery of society. Its power at this mo-
people.
Sir, the people have a right to these facts. It
was due to them that the truth should be placed
before the country. It is due to the honorable
Secretary that he should have an opportunity to
vindicate himself from these imputations. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Allen] acted
no less in accordance with his duty to the Secre-
tary of State than with that which was due to
his constituents and the country, in calling atten-
tion to this subject. His statements were not
lightly made without consideration. He frankly
pledged himself to prove them if an opportunity
shall be afforded. That opportunity can be given
at any moment that the Secretary shall desire.
He, on officer of Government, can demand an in-
vestigation as a matter of privilege. Will he do
it? His friends control the business of theHouse;
they can more an investigation at any time. Will
