70S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
they do it? If they do not, other* will see it per-
formed if they possess the power.
Mr. Chain nan, when an innocent man i  charged
with impropriety, his first wish and desire is to
demonstrate to the whole world the falsehood, the
injustice of the charge. A late Cabinet officer,
(Mr. Crawford,) when thus charged at the last
session of Congress, did not hesitate for a mo-
ment. He sent his demand here for an investiga-
tion; we acknowledged his right to it, and appoint-
ed a committee. 1 speak with some experience.
At oar last session, I was myself charged through
the public press with facts, which, if they had
existed, should have excluded me from a sent in
this Hall. I did not wait to cast imputations
upon my accuser—such a policy did not enter my
mind. I did not wait an hour, but demanded an
investigation by this body. I was conscious that
a demonstration of my own innocence would con-
stitute a conviction of my accuser. And 1 would
say to the friends of the Secretary of State, that
if he be as pure as they represent him, they need
not waste time in attacking my friend, [Mr. Al-
len1.] Call for a committee. Let the facts be
known; and if the Secretary be free from these
charges, the development of that innocence will
save than the trouble of assaulting the gentleman
who has called our attention to the subject.
It has been objected that we have not time to
make the investigation before our adjournment. It
is true we have not time to bring witnesses from
Boston, or New York; still, if I am rightly in-
formed, members on this floor can state facts
which if published to the country would throw
light on this transaction. I have good reason to
believe gentlemen here could give us much inform-
ation. Indeed, rumor would lead us to suppose
there were members of this body whose pockets
were lighter in consequence of the facts stated by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Allen.]
It is also said that other testimony may be ob-
tained without going beyond the limits of this
city. Indeed it is said that a gentleman who paid
over a part of the money is now among us.
Again, the committee would at once hear the
whole story of the Secretary himself. He would
have the benefit of vindicating himself in an hon-
orable and legitimate manner before the whole
country.
Now, if that functionary and his friends refuse
to avail themselves of this opportunity of vindi-
cating his innocence, what will the people think ?
What will every reflecting person think of such a
policy, so incompatible with his innocence?
Under such circumstances we see his friends
denying the accuracy of- the statements against
him, but refusing to demonstrate his innocence in
a manner which must silence all his opponents.
And then they turn round and assail tne gentle-
man who stated the facts, and stigmatize him as a
taluanniaicr.
I would say to those gentlemen, that shouldthey
succeed in rendering the character of my friend as
unworthy as his colleague represented it; should
thev put him down, and destroy his fair fame, it
will in no degree relieve the Secretary of State.
Truth is unchanging, tttrnal, and is the same
whether uttered by a fiend or on angel of light.
The voice that pronounces truth neither changes
nor modifies its essence. It is one of the attri-
butes of the " Eternal Mind," and is as un-
changeable as " Deitt himself. " If that truth
be unfavorable to the Secretary of State, no sub-
terfuge, no attacks upon others, nor vilification of
those who bring forward these charges, can im-
pair its effects upon him. If the truth be favora-
ble to his innocence, the sooner it shall be under-
stood the better for him and for the country.
Under the circumstances which surround this
question, I give it as the conviction of my own
mind, that if neither the Secretary nor his friends
ask an investigation; if they suffer this session of
Congress to close without giving him an oppor-
tunity to manifest his innocence—such conduct
will constitute in the public mind satisfactory evi-
dence of the accuracy of the statements made by
the gentleman from the Worcester district of Mas-
sachusetts.
• The people have a high and important interest
in this subject. They nave a right to understand
the facts. As one of their representatives I re-
spectfully call on the Secretary of State for his
own version of this matter, through a committee of
this House, before our session closes. I respect-
fully ask his friends on this floor to aid us in con-
stituting such a committee; and let us have such
facts as they may obtain before this Congress
shall dissolve. Sir, let these imputations of vertaj-
ity be removed from the Executive Cabinet: let it
be purified, not merely from this charge, but from
the suspicion of corruption.
Mr. MARSHALL said; I do not rise to make
a speech, nor to oppose the remarks that fell from
the honorable memberfrom Ohio, [Mr.GiDDiNos,]
for I do not consider that they require the slight-
est attention on my part, or on the part of the
country. I do not think that there is within this
Hall, or in the country, anyone who would be dis-
posed to gratify the honorable gentleman either by
taking up the gauntlet that he has thrown down,
or by playing to his purposes by making an issue
with him or starting an agitation. We are now
within three days of the close of the session, and
there are yet some of the most important bills to
come before the House for its decision. We have
also to receive, returned from the Senate, other
very important bills. It is not, therefore, my ob-
ject to detain the committee and consume time
with a speech; but instead of doing so, I will, at
the recommendation of the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, move that
the committee rise, with a view of moving a reso-
lution to stop the debate. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Thecommitteerose accordingly; and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY offered the usual resolution to
close debate on the Army appropriation bill in two
hours after the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union should again resume the con-
sideration thereof.
Mr. JONES suggested that the resolution should
say "at eleven o clock to-morrow."
Mr. BAYLY said that the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs was entitled to be
heard on this bill, ana that there was also a gen-
tleman on the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Toombs] who desired to be heard. He had
for this reason fixed upon two hours.
Mr. MARSHALL said that he believed the
rules of the House gave the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs an hour after the de-
bate was closed.
The SPEAKER said such was not the case.
This" bill was reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment so
as to close the debate to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock, and called for the previous question; but
withdrew the demand for the previous question to
enable
Mr. BURT to say that the bill as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means proposed
most material alterations in the estimates of the
War Department, and that he felt it his duty to
make an exposition to the House and to thecoun-
try in relation to that change. He hoped the de-
bate would not be limited to less than two hours.
Mr. JONES modified his amendment by sub-
stituting "one o'clock to-morrow,"for "eleven
o 'clock,'' and renewed the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which main question was
first on agreeing to the amendment, viz: t  strike
out " two hours after the committee shall resume
the consideration of the subject," and insert in
lieu thereof " to-morrow at one o'clock."
Mr. RICHARDSON called for tellers; which
were ordered, and Messrs. Richardson and Bo-
kbe were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the question recurring on the resolution as
amended, it was taken and decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lav the
motion to reconsider on the table; which, latter
motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j (Mr. Richardson in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWARD having obtained the floor, saidr
It must be evident to every one who has read
the message of the President of the United States,
that the winy of the United States is totally in-
adequate to the public defence. This admits of
no controversy. It grows out of this fact: not
that the army is not large enough, but that from
its organization it is totally inadequate to the ne-
cessities of the country at this time. We have
in the Army eight regiments of infantry, a force
as a peace establishment of no earthly use, and
could not be applied to any really practical ser-
vice. They are not required upon the frontier or
on the Atlantic border, because in neither place is
there any duty to perform. Thereis nothing for
them to do excepting taking care of the public
works, and for that service a very few soldiers
are requisite.
Whatever may be done in relation to this
branch of the service, there certainly does exist
a necessity for an increase of the mounted force
precisely to the extent as though you had dis-
banded the whole. If you continue the whole
infantry as it now exists, still there is a necessity
for adding to the Army a sufficient mounted force
to protect the frontiers. That is the only service
that they are called upon to perform.
The Committee of Ways and Means propose
to cut down the estimates to what they have here-
tofore been. They might as well have cut down
the Army altogether as to stop there. The chair-
man of the Conotnittee on Military Affairs has
proposed that there shall be an increase of the
' mounted force by a system of interchanges, by
taking men from the infantry regiments and mount-
ing them. I think that such a system will be
' found totally inadequate for the public exigencies.
If we intend to carry out our treaty with Mexico,
and protect our frontiers from the attacks of the
Indian tribes, we must provide such a force on
those frontiers as will be enabled to defend the
frontiers and pursue the Indians. In the first
place, I do not believe that you can get from the
infantry regiments an efficient cavalry force. This
system of detailing from the infantry regiments to
form a cavalry force, has been well described by
| officers experienced in the Army as destroying
j good infantry, and making bad cavalry.
I Now, sir, what would be the practical and
sensible way of disposing of this force? It would
be either to disband your rank and file off the in-
fantry and let the officers recruit a cavalry force,
or what, in my opinion, would be better still, dis-
band seven regiments of the infantry at least, and
give a power to the officers to raise mounted men
in the States sufficient to protect the frontiers.
Mr. JONES (interposing) asked if the Com-
mander had not asked for an additional regiment
of infantry ?
Mr. MEADE (Mr. Howard yielding the floor
for that purpose) moved that the committee rise.
The question being taken, the committee rose;
and, the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported progress.
On motion by Mr. MEADE, the House then
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
I Wednesday, February 2G, 1851.
Mr. CASS rose as soon as the Journal was
read, and said: Mr. President, justice to the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. TurneyJ re-
, quires me to say that I misunderstood his views
a few days since with respect to the President's
; proclamation. He has called my attention to his
remarks as published in the reports, and I find
that, instead of condemning the proclamation, he
approved of it as proper under the circumstances.
' When I made my remarks the other day I was la-
boring under a misapprehension of the honorable
Senator's views, and it is due to him that I should
say so.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition from in-
habitants of Chautauque county, in the State of
New York, representing that they regard the
claims of the fugitive slave law as opposed to the
"higher law," the enactment of Jehovah; and
} that while as a law-abiding people they feel bound
to obey the laws of the land, yet they regard the
law of God as of paramount obligation, and ask
