710
TriE COKGRE&5IONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
wait for the benefit of that. We received informa-
tion by the last mail that the steamer Tenneesee,
in passing the steamer Northerner, running be-
tween the Isthmus and San Francisco, ran into
each other; and one of the owners informs me
that injuries were done which it will cost $20,000
to repair. If we had had these charts, so that it
coula have been known what berth to give each
other, that injury would not have occurred. This
is also a survey of the river Sacramento, with
which we have great commerce, and it is drawn
up with great accuracy. I would state to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, that I have conversed with
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, who ex-
pressed his decided satisfaction with this survey,
and his desire that it should be published for the
benefit of commerce generally, until his own sur-
veys can be completed. I am exceedingly anxious
that this map should be published. I know it is
drawn up with great care by a gentleman of the
highest character, who was connected with the
Exploting Expedition under Commander Wilkes.
He is familiar with the waters, and he was em-
ployed successfully and satisfactorily to the Gov-
ernment, and I am sure his chart will be of great
use to the commerce of the country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I aid not question
the accuracy of his map. I did not know any-
thing, and I expressed no opinion about it. I did
not choose to bring that matter into controversy;
but, as the Senator from California has turned
my attention to it, I am compelled to notice that
the preliminary observations of a gallant sailor,
now no more, whose science was equal to his gal-
lantry, locates islands seven miles different from
this chart, which it is proposed to publish for the
use of the few vessels which the Government may
have on that coast cruising in those waters. If
this map Ishould be necessary or useful, it can be
purchased at the office of the Depot of Charts for
the use of vessels entering that harbor. That is a
different proposition. The proposition before us
is, whether the Senate should purchase a large
number of this chart for circulation and distribu-
tion, thus throwing it into use through agents of
the Government. This is what I object to. If it
were the best chart we have, it might be pur-
chased for the use of our vessels, but purchasing
it for the Senates not purchasing it for the use of
the vessels. If it were required for the use of our
vessels it need not be the subject of a resolution in
the Senate. They have power to purchase charts,
and furnish them to vessels.
The resolution was adopted.
KOSSUTH AND HIS ASSOCIATE EXILES.
On the motion of Mr. FOOTE, the Senate pro-j
ceeded to the consideration of a "joint resolution j
for the relief of Louis Kossuth and his associates, |
exiles from Hungary." _ |
Mr. SHIELDS moved to strike out the pream- :
ble, which is in these words: % j
" Whereas Louis Kossuth and his associates, whom the '
fortune of war has exiled from their country, have already
■offered by a long and cruel captivity, and it has been un- i
derstood that the Sovereign in whose domains they are ;
now located considers* that his neutra! obligations no longer
require him to retain them in custody, provided they will
consent to come to the United States of America; and
whereas the American people have, in various modes,
manifested a deep and pervading sympathy for these expa-
triated champions of civil and religious liberty, and have
evinced a desire to secure to them a safe and permanent ,
asylum within the limits of this Republic. Be it there-
fore"—
And insert a substitute, which being agreed to,
the preamble and resolution were as follows:
Whereas the people of the United States sincerely sym- 1
pathise with the Hungarian exiles, Kossuth and his asso- :
ciates, and fully appreciate the magnanimous conduct of ;
the Turkish Government in receiving and treating these no-
ble exiles with kindness and hospitality; and whereas it is ,
the wish of these exiles to emigrate to the United States, >
and the will of the Sultan to permit them to leave his do- 1
minions: Therefore, j
Resolved by the Senate and Howe of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States be, and be hereby ,
is, requested to authorize the employment of some one of the
public vessels which may be now cruisinig in the Mediter-
ranean to receive and convey to the United States "the said 1
Louis Kossuth and his associates in captivity.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, the resolution was ,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
WIDOWS'PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate proceed- ! I
ed to the consideration of the joint resolution ex- j
plaining the acts of 7th July, 1838, March 3d,
1843, and June 17th, 1844.
This resolution had been several times before
the Senate. When last under consideration it was
amended, as in Committee of the Whole, but the
Senate non-concurred with its amendment as in
committee, and it therefore now came up as fol-
, lows:
Resolved ly the Senate and House of Representatives of
' the United States of Jimcrica in Congress assembled, That
the benefits of the act of July 7th, 1838, granting pensions
for five years; of the act of March 3,1843, granting pen-
sions for one year; and the act of June IT, 1844, extending
the act of March 3,1843, for the term of four years, to ccr-
; tain widows, shall not be withheld from any widow whose
husband died since the passage  f either of said acts, if said
widow shall be otherwise entitled to the same: Provided,
That no pension shall be granted to the said widow for the
same time lier husband received one; and in case of the
] death of such widow, the amount that would have been due
! her on the day of her death may he paid to her administra-
, tor for the sole benefit ot' her children.
i The question was on its third reading.
1 Mr. FELCH. I should like to inquire of the
i Senator who reported this bill, if it has been ex-
amined by the Commissioner of Pensions, and
whether he approves of it, and what amount it
will take from the Treasury?
Mr. HALE. In answer to the Senator from
Michigan, I will state that the Commissioner of
Pensions construed the law exactly as this resolu-
tion proposes to interpret it, and under his inter-
pretation three fourths of the widows who sure to be
affected by it have been placed upon the pension
roll, and are now receiving their pensions; but
subsequently that decision was overruled by the
Secretary of the Interior, and thus an inequality
was created.
Mr. BRIGHT. There has been a great deal
of legislation, and very liberal legislation, in refer-
ence to the rights of the widows and heirs of of-
ficers and soldiers of the revolutionary war. The
original legislation upon that subject was very lib-
eral, and there have been various amendments
since; and I am unwilling, upon the spur of the
occasion, to vote for the repeal or the extension
of former laws on that subject, without under-
standing the question thoroughly. I do not even
know whether the bill comes from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions. On this subject I
would defer to the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Phei.ps,] who is better acquainted
with the laws in relation to it, he having given
them a very full examination Vhile he stood at the
head of that committee. If he thinks it wise, and
right, and proper, I shall vote for it; if not, I will
not.
Mr. PHELPS. The efforts which have from
time to time been made to extend pensions to
heirs of revolutionary soldiers, I have felt it to be
my duty to resist heretofore. If we once open
the door to heirs, where shall we stop ?
Mr. HALE. The door has been opened al-
ready.
The PRESIDENT. This resolution provides
that pensions shall be paid to heirs.
Mr. PHELPS. I repeat, I have often had oc-
casion to resist such efforts before, and I believe
the principle never has been adopted. In other
respects I think this resolution is right.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator from
Vermont is somewhat mistaken as to the provis-
ions of this bill. I concur with the Senator that
these pension sought not to be extended to heirs in
general, nor does the resolution so extend them.
It restricts them within certain limits—limits to
wluch they have been always restricted—to the
widow and the children of the soldier, and they
are not extended to grandchildren, or to heirs more
remote.
Mr. PHELPS. I may not be correct in the
use of the term heirs, but that is a principle which
has often beei pressed upon us. In my humble
judgment, the pension laws have been extended far
enough. So far as concerns those to whom the
country may be considered to be indebted, I would
go to any reasonable extent; but when we come
to adopt the principle that these pensions, which
were intended to be a personal benefit, shall de-
scend indefinitely to all those who have revolu-
tionary blood in their veins, it becomes an objec-
tionable system of legislation. There is a part of
this resolution which I think ought to be stricken
out.
Mr. HALE. To obviate the objection of the
Senator from Vermont, I will move to strike out
the words:
"And in caseofthe death ofsuch widow, the amount that
would have been due her on the day of her death, may be
paid to her administrator for the sole benefit of her chil-
dren."
Mr. EWING. I would suggest that if it be so
amended it will not conform to the laws to which
it is intended to give a construction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was then read a third time as-
amended, and was passed.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President : The Honse of Representatives have
passed a bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the Y! rrr ending the
30th of June, 1853, and for other purposes, i« which they
request the concurrence of the Senate. Tliey have [visard
the joint resolution of the Senate directing the distribution
of the works of Alexander Hamilton and for other purpose:!,
with an amendment, in which they ask the concurrence ot"
! the Senate, 'like House of Representatives disagree to the
I amendment of the Senate to the bill making appropriations
j for the support of the Military Academy, for the ytar end-
I ing June 30, 1852.
' CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government was read
| a first and second time by its title and referred to
; the Committee on Finance.
j MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
! The Senate proceeded to consider their smend-
! ment to the bill making appropriations for the sup-
' port of the Military Academy, disagreed to by tne
: House qf Representatives.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Resolved, That the Senate insist on their said amend-
ment, disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and ask
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President of the Senate ;
and Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, Mr. Ewing, and Mr. Hun-
ter were appointed the committee.
WORKS OF ALEXANDER HAMILTON.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the
I amendment of the House of Representatives to
!' the joint resolution directing the distribution of
the works of Alexander Hamilton; and on mo-
tion, it was
Resolved, That the Senate concur therein.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The bill " to reduce and modify the rates of
postage within the United States, and for the
coinage of a three cent piece," was read a third
time.
Mr. BORLAND addressed the Senate at some
; length, [his speech will be found in the Appen-
!, dix,] and asked for the yeas and nays upon the
i question of its passage, and they were ordered, and
j being taken resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bradbury,
, Cass, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Day-
i'ton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas. Downs, Ewing, Felcb, Foote, Greene, Gwin,
; Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Stiller, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt,
! Rantoul, Rnsk, Seward, Shields, Spruance, Sturgeon, Un-
1 derwood, TJpham, Wales, Walker, and Whitcomb—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Berrien, Borland, Butler, Clem-
ens, Davis ofMississippi,Dawson,Hunter, King, Mangunr,
Mason, Morton,.Sebastian, Turney, and Yulee—15.
!' So the bill passed.
On motion oy Mr. RUSK, the title was amend-
J ed by striking out the words "the coinage of a
three cent piece," and inserting " for other pur-
i poses."
BILLS PASSED.
> The following engrossed bill and joint resolu-
tion were read a third time and passed:
|, The bill in addition to and amendatory of an act
j entitled "An act to provide for the settlement of
J | the accounts of public officers and others who may
I have received moneys arising from military con-
| tributions or otherwise, in Mexico," approved
j the 3d of March, 1849.
^ The joint resolution providing for auditing and
'. settling the accounts of the public printers during
I the recess of Congress.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
The bill "to found a military asylum for the
, relief and support of invalid and disabled soldiers
! of the Army of the United States" was read a
II third time. ,
( Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to record my
vote against that bill, as I consider it the introduc-
• tion of a new system. I therefore ask the yeas
