1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
and nays, ami will not consume the time of the i
Senate by making any objections to the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAW SON. I do not intend to debate this
bill, but I rise only to state that I belong to the
committee that reported it. We introduced the
bill upon the grounds of economy and cheapness.
After an investigation of the subject, we came to
the conclusion that many expenditures of the Gov-
ernment would be saved by the passage of the
bill. We may be mistaken, but I have stated the
facts.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. TheSenatorfrom Geor-
gia [Mr. Dawson] has assigned a reason for the
passage of this bill which, I think, after what 1
have said, ought to induce me to give one or
two of the reasons which influence my conduct in
relation to this matter. I think its practical oper-
ation, instead of being economical, will be an ini-
tiatory step which will lead to vast expenditures
upon the part of the Government, and the intro-
duction of a new system by the Government for
the first time since its creation, of more than sixty
years, and which ought not to be done. Now, I
■will show the reasons for my objection in a very
few words. The first section of this bill says:
" That all soldiers of the Army of the United States, and
•II soldiers who have been, or may hereafter be, of the Army
of the United States, whether regulars or volunteer*, and
who have contributed, or may hereafter contribute, accord-
in; to section six of this aet, to the support of the military
asylum hereby created, shall, under the restrictions and pro-
visions which follow, be members of the said asylum, with
all the rights annexed thereto."
It does not say expressly that those who are to be
members of the asylum are confined to those who
may contribute something in support of the fund
of the asylum, although, from the language used,
that would perhaps be the legitimate inference.
But there are other sections of this bill which, to
my mind, mem to negative most clearly and con-
clusively that inference; and I think it very clear,
from the subsequent portions of the bill, it is not
those alone who have contributed their twenty-
five cents per month—I think that is what is de-
manded by the seventh section—who are to enjoy
the benefits of that institution. The portion of
the seventh section which provides for the contri-
bution is in these words:
" That from die first day of the month next after the pas-
sage of this act, there shall be deducted from the pay of
every non-commissioned officer, musician, artificer, and
Srtvate of the Army of the United States, the sum of twenty-
ve cents per month; which sum, so deducted, shall, by the
Pay Deportment of the army, be passed to the credit of the
commissioners of the army asylum," tus.
Now, if this bill required a monthly contribu-
tion ef twenty-five cents from these beneficiaries,
and Was in express terms limited to those who
thus contributed the money, it might be considered,
according to the suggestion of my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] an economical establish-
ment. But I will call your attention to other sec-
tions of the bill, which seem to me to admit of a
latitudinoua. construction. The fourth section
says:
" The foHowinff persons, members of the army asylum,
according to section one,'7—-
Now, look at that expression. I will comment
upon it after I shall have read the section:
" shall be entitled to the rights and benefits herein
conferred, and no others, vie: every soldier of the Army of
the United States who shall have served or may serve hon-
estly and faithfully twenty years in the same," ttc.
That now, according to the language used, em-
braces those who have already served twenty years.
If they are not in the Army no w, it is broad enough
to embrace them; if they have not contributed one
cent, it is broad enough to include them, and they
will be included, unless the expression " according '
to section one," whichis used—that is, " members
of the army asylum, according to section one"—
should exclude them. But does that relate to mere
membership? The first section provides for the
army asylum. The fourth section does not say
that the members must have contributed, accord-
ing to the provisions of section one and seventh
line. If it did say so, then we might understand
it. But the vagueexpression of their membership
I'according to section one," without connecting
it with the seventh line, by which the contributions
are required, is not at all satisfactory. Language
so indefinite and vague ought not to enter into a
statute of this importance. Bat if the construction
which I think it is capable of embraces all who
have served twenty years, both past and to come, ;
i the effect of it will be that you will have saddled
upon the Treasury for life numerous individuals—
, how numerous no one can tell—and they are to
' be provided for, according to this bill, when they
have not contributed one cent for the support of
this asylum.
But the section goes on and says: "And every
'soldier and every discharged soldier, whether
' regular or volunteer, who shall have suffered by
1 reason of disease or wounds incurred in the
: 'service and in the line of his duty, rendering
' him incapable of further military service, if such
' ' disability has not been occasioned by his own
' misconduct," &c., is to be paid out of this fund—
not those who may hereafter be discharged, but
, those who have been discharged; and as it einbra-
. ces those who have been discharged, it is impos-
sible that that clause of the seventh section that
makes a diminution of twenty-five cents per month
in the pay of soldiers for the support of this insti-
tution can apply to them. Here, then, is language
totally inconsistent with the construction that my
. friend from Georgia has put upon this matter, in
respect to economy.
But this bill goes further than that. Here is a
section that I wish to call your attention to, which
expressly negatives the idea that this is to be lim-
ited to those who pay twenty-five cents per month,
as provided here by the seventh section. Section
fifth has this clause in it:
" And be it further enacted, That any soldier admitted
into this institution for disability as aforesaid, and who
shall recover bis health, so as to fit him again for military
service, (he being under fifty years of age,) he shall be dis-
charged."
What does that mean ? Why it can mean but
this: That if a soldier is once admitted for disabil-
| ity or for sickness, and that disability continues,
j he is to be kept upon the fund for life; for this
only provides for his discharge in case of recov-
ery. He may have been discharged from the
Army before this institution shall be created; and
' although he will thus be unable to make any con-
' tribudon, still, unless he recover, he is to be kept
I there for life.
i< I have so often, in the views which 1 entertain,
I found myself standing pretty much alone, that I
i feel no sort of encouragement to trespass on the
! time of the Senate upon any occasion. My ob-
i ject, in the brief political life which may be as-
signed me, will be, as far as I can, to make this
Government a simple Government, a plain Gov-
ernment, a cheap Government, and to go against
all those splendid establishments which may have
been built up in the monarchical portions of the
world, but which, in my humble judgment, do
not become a people governed as the American
people are. I am against all those establishments,
against bringing them into existence. Believing
' that it is best for us, being without any laws of
' primogeniture, distributing our estates among all
our children, and of course must always have
moderate fortunes among us, having to rely upon
our personal exertions for a support, I am for
making our Government simple and cheap in its
' administration, taxing the people but little, and
going against all establishments which I think to
, be but entering-wedges to those splendid institu-
tions which supply an outlet for the money of the
' Government.
A Senator. You will not be President, then.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; never while I
have my senses, I hope, will 1 be a candidate for
that office. If I were, then I might go for the
Army and the Navy, and everything that is pop-
ular, with all my might. No, sir. I only mean,
.however, by this to answer a side-bar remark.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. Side-bar remarks are not
in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg pardon for no-
ticing it, then. [Laughter.] I do most sincerely
beg pardon for it. [Laughter.]
I say, Mr. President, that I have so often found
myself alone on questions of this kind, that I feel
no encouragement for taking up the time ofthe Sen- j
ate. Why, an instance occurred here in the Sen-
ate this morning—(alluding to the passage of a
resolution for the relief of Kossuth and his com-
panions.) Why, we are extending this Govern-
ment all over the world—sending our national ships
to bring home those who have suffered and strug-
gled in behalf of humanity and human liberty.
Sir, I think there is as much sympathy in my
breast for them as there is in the breast of your-
self or any other Senator. But I look upon all
these things as humbugs; yes, sir, as humbugs—
as ad captandum political clap-traps, and nothing
else.
Mr. POOTE. I hope the honorable Senator 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg pardon. I with-
draw what I have said. I ought not to have made
' a remark of that sort. [Laughter.] It was a feeling,
an impulse of the moment, which I ought to have
suppressed, and I will take it all back. [Laugh-
ter.] I simply say, that going against all these
things, and for the simple system which I have
very briefly pointed out—believing that it is best
for my country, and according to the doctrines of
the old revolutionary school, according to the
■ • Farewell Address of the Father of his Country—
I must go against all these things that I think are
an approach to what I much fear this will lead to.
I have simply asked for the yeas and nays on
this occasion, just to record my vote, and I ask
for nothing more. I beg pardon for having thus
, trespassed upon the time and attention of the Sen-
, ate with what I have said in reply to my friend
from Georgia, who thinks this will be a very eco-
: nomical institution.
] | Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply to say that my
1i friend from Kentucky has not done us full justice
' yet. He threw out an innuendo, and I felt the
j: force of it keenly. He took it back immediately;
! | but he has not withdrawn the impression that he
; made upon the Senate. [Laughter.]
A Senator. That impression cannot be with-
I drawn.
Mr. FOOTE. He has not withdrawn that
impression, and I am afraid it will be a fatal ope
| to us, with the views that we entertain upon these
, subjects.
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did all I could to with-
i draw it. [Laughter.]
, ] Mr. HALE. A portion of the remarks of the
j! honorable Senator from Kentucky were addressed
to me on account of a side-remark that I made.
I think I can relieve the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Foote] from all apprehensions about the
fatal effects of the innuendo which lie complains
of. I suppose my friend from Kentucky meant
to say what a distinguished individual of my own
State did, when, he undertook to apologize for
something of the same sort. "You must not,"
said he, " think anything of these remarks; for 1
am one of those plain, blunt men who always say
just what they think." [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, Of Mississippi. I will detain the
Senate but a very few moments, which I will use
strictly in replying to the remarks of my friend
from Kentucky. He objects to the object of this
bill, because it partakes of a splendor which be-
longs to a monarchical government. I am not
able myself to see any splendor of either a mon-
archical or a republican government in founding
an asylum for discharged soldiers out of their
own funds. There will be something^ gratifying,
it is true, to any one who sympathizes with a
maimed or aged soldier, to see him relieved from
want and necessity, instead of leaving him to ask
money of his old associates in arms, or hunting
up the officer who commanded him a quarter of a
j' century ago, in order that he may give him a pit-
II tance to enable him to eke out a livelihood. I say
| it will be gratifying to every one who shall have
I' taken any part in it—to every American heart, I
| trust—to see the soldier provided for. And it is
i thus proposed to provide for him without char-
11 ging one cent upon the Treasury.
j' As to who shall be members of this military
asylum, I think that the bill is sufficiently specific.
Yet suppose the objections of the Senator from
Kentucky to be well founded: what then? If the
soldier chooses to adopt the system which will
support his comrade and prevent him from suffer-
ing the privations of want and penuJy, although
that comrade may not have contributed to the
fund of the institution, who has a right to object?
If, then, the Senator's constructions were well
founded, there is no fear for the Treasury, which
should have induced him to interpose: for it is be-
!| lieved by all those who have addressed themselves
I to this subject from its foundation, beginning back
'1 to the first bill reported to the House of Repre-
sentatives, in 1845, by General Clinch, down to
the present time, that a plan even less strict than
this would support itself from the means derived
from the contributions of the soldiers. The Sen-
