mi*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
beyond which the Postmaster General cannot go,
and this will be useless.
Mr. HUNTER. I had a conversation with one
of the Assistant Postmasters General, and he said j]
that, as there is an appropriation of $38,000 in gross, j i
that sum would be sufficient to cover the increase \ [
on these particular items of expense; but I merely i ;
wish to express the idea contained in the proviso, |
which I think can do no harm.
Mr. RUSK. 1 will agree in it if it is made so
as not to control the appropriations hereafter. 1
Mr. EWING. I think the proviso unnecessary,
as there can be no more appropriated than is pro-
▼ided for by the bill. The proviso is useless.
Mr. HUNTER. I have introduced it from
abundant caution. I do not wish to increase the
liability for more. I think it can do no harm.
Mr. RUSK. As it now stands it just author-
izes the increase for this year, and for this year
only. The proviso forbids the payment of any
more than is appropriated in this act, by which
$38,000 is appropriated, and it cannot go beyond
this yean
Mr. EWING. It can be corrected so as to say
that no more shall be expended during the present
year.
Mr. Hu INTER. I accept of that as a modifi-
cation of my amendment. _
The amendment as modified is as follows: j
" That the Postmaster General is hereby authorized to |
allow hereafter to tile special agents of the Post Office De-
partment the same amount of salary as is allownct to the
principal clerka-of the Post Office Department: Provided,
That no more shall be expended for the purpose during tlie
present year than is already appropriated in this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to offer as
an additional section, as follows:
Jlni be it Jv.Hh.cr enacted, That all letters which teach >
hereafter the General Post Office on returns from the sev-
eral offices as dead letters, shall be, at as early a period as
practicable after said letters are opened, and the name or
noes of the writer or writers of said letters are ascer-
tained, together with their post office, said letters shall
be remailed to said writer or writers, directed to their
proper post office; and if said letters are not taken oat on
the payment of the postage which accrued for carrying the 1
same from the General Pom Office to the last place to which j
said letters were remailed, then the said letters be
again transmitted to the General Post Office, and shall be-
come subject to all provisions of existing laws in relation to
dead letters. And the number of letters thus remailed, and
that shall be taken out by the .writer or writers thereof,  haU
be ascertained each year, together with the postage paid
upon the same, under such directions as shall be prescribed
by the Postmaster General.
I offer this for this reason: a measure has been
introduced into and passed the Senate, to establish
a new system with regard to dead letters—that
those in California shall be opened in a distinct
department. I tliink there ought to be uniformity
hi those matters. And, in addition, this will bring
a large revenue to the Department. The expense
of the dead letter portion of the Post Office De-
partment is $7,500. This will not increase that
sum. The average number of dead letters re-
turned is 2,400,000, the average postage on which
is six cents. It is known that probably nine
tenths, perhaps nineteen twentieths of the letters,
will be taken out by those who sent them, if re-
turned to the office where they were first mailed.
The postage at present on the dead letters is about
$152,000;' only fifteen per cent, of these will be
returned to the Department, it is supposed, and
this will make about $33,000, and of course there
will be a great saving to the Government. Avery
intelligent gentleman says he will be willing to
give $50,000 a year for what he could make in this
way out of the dead letters.
Mr. RUSK. I regard this as a great change
to adopt without reflection. One of the greatest
drags upon' the mail service of the country is the
dead letters, that amount to several millions; and
the transportation of them over the United States
when they become dead in consequence of not
being taken out of the General Post Office, is 4
heavy charge on the Department. We have a
special bureau to examine this matter. The labor
is immense. They select only such as are valua-
ble, and save them and remail them, or give notice
to the writers, so that what is valuable may be re-
claimed. Where there is one which is valuable,
thousands amount to nothing. What will be the
effect of the operation of this section ? We shall
have to increase the number of clerks to double
what it now is in the Post Office Department, and
the transportation of these letters will be doubled,
which is already heavy; because, when dead let-
ters come to the office, the clerks have to examine
them to find whether they should be reclaimed.
There are not half clerks enough to attend to this I
business. Nine letters out of ten will remain un- !
touched, if sent to the office where they were 1
mailed. The consequence is, they will be dead 1
letters again, aiid the Department will have to bear •
the expense of transporting them the third time.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator has entirely mis-
conceived the object of the amendment, and has
overrated entirely the letters that will return. There ,
are only 2,400,000 dead letters out of 70,000,000. 1
The mail cannot be burdened with them. But I
say the letters will be taken out and paid for, and
will give a large revenue. As to the additional ex-
pense of which the Senator speaks, I think he is
mistaken. But I will withdraw the proposition
rather than have any further debate.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer,
which is an important one, but I will not detain
the Senate by explaining it now. I feel it my
duty, however, to offer it:
tlJind be it further enacted, That there be, and" is hereby.
granted to Josiah Snow, Anson Bangs, and their associates,
composing the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph Company, a
right of way on and over the public lands of the Uhited
States, which may lie in the route or line of telegraph to be
constructed by the said company from Natchez,in the State
of Mississippi, by the town of El Paso, 011 the Rio Grande
del Norte, thence to the junction of the Gila and Colorada
riven, and thence to San Francisco, in California.
Sec. —. *dnd H it futther enacted, That for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of the said line of telegraph,
the United States agrees to pay to the said Josiah tSnow,
Anson Bangs, and their associates, composing the said At
1 an tic and Pacific Telegraph Company, upon the comple-
tion of each and every one eighth part of the entire line of
telegraph, as described in this art, the sum of thirty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars; and should the entire line
of telegraph, as aforesaid, be completed and in practical
operation, so as to communicate intelligence from one end
o/ said line to the other within eighteen months from the first
day of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, then and in
that case, the United States agree to pay to the said Josiah
Snow, Anson Bangs, and their associates as aforesaid, the
further sutyi of fitly thousand dollars: Provided, That the
said individuals and their associates agree and bind them-
selves, to the satisfaction of (he Secretary of the Interior,
before the payment of any part of the money aforesaid, to
prosecute the said line of telegraph to completion: and,
also, that in consideration of the payment of the sums of
money to them ;aa aforesaid, they will, for the term of ten
years from the completion of the said line of telegraph,
when required by any officer or agent in the service of the
United-States, convey and transmit by the said telegraph
any communication required for the public service of the
j United States, in any and every department of the Govem-
t mcnt, from one extremity of the said line of telegraph to
! the other, or from arty and every intermediate point of said
line to any other where an office or place may be established
by the said individuals and tbeir asiraciftljes, for the trans-
mission of intelligence by the said telegraph."
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to 9 question of order.
I ask if that amendment is admissible under the
rule in relation to appropriations which are adopt-
ed at this session ?
The PRESIDENT. The rule is in the fol-
lowing words:
" No amendment proposing an additional appropriation
.shall be received to any general appropriation bill unless it
be made'io carry out the provisions ot some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the senate
during that session, or in pursuance of an estimate from the
head of some of the Departments; and no amendment shall
be received whose rfbject is to provide for a private claim,
although the same may have been previously sanctioned by
the Senate."
The proposition of the Senator is to establish a
telegraph lints, and to pay a certain sum of money
in aid of the execution of the work. The resolu-
tion as adopted does not expressly state that no
additional liability shall be created. It, however,
evidently was the intention to prevent any appro-
priation or any amendment to an appropriation
bill to create these liabilities on the part of the
Senate at the time, inasmuch as, if the liabilities
are created,the Senate may turn round and assume
to make the appropriation which would be for-
bidden but for the liability itself. Still the Chair
does not feel prepared to decide whether, according
to the words taken strictly, it is in conflict with
the rule, and will leave the decision of the question
to the Senate. The Chair will put the question
whether the amendment shall be received.
Mr. RUSK. I desire simply to say that it
seems to my mind most clear that this is not con-
trary to the rule.
This clearly is not an appropriation. It creates
merely a liability, but the rule does not bear upon
a liability, nor can it come within the provisions
of that part of the rule which applies to resolutions
previously passed by the Senate. This is an
amendment which, if adopted, would not authorize
an addition to the appropriation to carry it out,
and in fact it does not in terms contemplate that
any such appropriation should be made.
Mr. HUNTER. This matter is very import-
ant in relation to the business of the Senate. If
the construction of the Senator from Texas be
correct, the rule is worthless, and nothing will be
effected by it. It is obvious that the consequences
traced by the Chair, as likely to flow from the
adoption of such a construction, must arise, be-
cause if the liability can be created, it follows that
you may make an appropriation in a succeeding
clause. Thus the whole effect of the rule would
be to require that you should have in two sections
what has heretofore been accomplished in one.
Now, I know of nothing that is more important
to the regular dispatch of business, nothing that is
more important to just and intelligible legislation
here, than the preservation of this rule. If we
once depart from it, and make the general appro-
priation bills a species of omnibus into which we
are to introduce all sorts of legislation and create
all sorts of liabilities, the consequence will be that
none of the committees will mature their business
for separate action; measures will not be separately
considered and matured by the Senate, but they
will all be thrust in hastily at the close of the ses-
sion upon the general appropriation bills, and we
shall then have to act without having duly con-
sidered them, and act in haste. Why, sir, we
have some experience in relation to these things.
We know tfiat the general impropriation bills
were fast becoming the only medium of legislation,
and that laws relating to almost every subject were
generally introduced in them.
I hope that the Senate will now, upon this oc-
casion, which is the first in which it has been
sought to set aside the rule, sustain the construc
tion which I understood the Chair to place upon
it. That construction, as I understood the Chair,
was, that it would be an evasion and destruction
of the rule to allow amendments to be offered
which would create additional liabilities. Why,
' we should have propositions for lines of steamers,
I all sorts of propositions introduced into the gen-
eral appropriation bills in the last and closing
hours of the session, involving us in new and
dangerous legislation, unless we adhere to the rule.
I trust the Senate will sustain the construction
which I understood the Chair to have given.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not make
any decision. The Chair appealed to the Senate
to decide whether, under the rule which has been
' adopted, they considered it in order to allow the
Senator from Texas to introduce his amendment.
That is the question.
The question was determined in the negative.
So it was decided that it was not in order to allow
the amendment to be introduced.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. Subse-
quently, the bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, its title was amended
so as to read:
" An act making appropriation* for the service of die
Post Office Department during the fiscal year ending June
30th, 1852, and for other purposes."
LIABILITY OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to post-
pone all prior orders for the purpose of taking up
a Senate bill to limit the liabilities of ship-owners.
I desire to say to the Senate that the members of
the Committee on Commerce have labored some
months, and with some degree of faithfulness I
hope,  to perfect this bill. As the organ of that
committee, I have asked the Senate to take up for
consideration no bill which they have reported out
of its order; and I now ask them to give me an
opportunity of testing the sense of the Senate upon
this bill. I will endeavor to be prudent of the
time which I myself shall consume upon it. It is
a bill which, I think, is just in its provisions, and
it places our commercial marine upon the same
basis as that of England.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire that the Senate shall
go into executive session; and I think I have a
right to oppose the motion of the Senator from
Maine with that view, leaving it as an alternative
whether we will take up this bill, which will in-
volve the consumption of a great deal of time in
my opinion, or whether we will pass it by, and
go into executive session. I do not say that I am
unfriendly to the bill; but it has been discussed a
great deal, and will require no doubt a great deal
