1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
bill upon that ground at all. I say we are bound
to pass the first section—i intend to confine my
remarks to that section—we are bound to enact
this provision into a law, because every act that is
done to benefit the navigation of this country ben-
efits all the interests of the country in its ultimate
effects, by its effects upon freights that are trans-
ported between this and other countries. How is
the rate of freights determined ? The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] has asked, and
fairly asked, what is the effect upon-his constit-
uency? what is the interest of the grower of to-
bacco, corn, pork, and other agricultural products,
in this action in regard to the shipping interests of
this country? Now, if I were not satisfied that
the interests of the great agricultural portion of the
nation are concerned in the passage of this bill, I
should rare comparatively but little whether it
passed or not, and if it could operate adversely to
that interest 1 would oppose it; for although I con-
sider the shipping interest a vast interest, still I
consider that the agricultural interest is much
Taster, and its welfare must be consulted by us in
endeavoring to make the change that we are now
proposing to make. The first mode in which we
are to determine how this bill is to affect the rate
of freight is first to find out what supports, what
determines the rates of freight. It is the propor-
tion between the quantity of shipping to carry the
freight and the quantity of freight to be carried.
And how is that affected ? Everything that bene-
fits your navigating interests, everything that
makes the freight of your merchants easier, cheap-
er, and safer in its carriage, will produce its bene-
ficial effect. You cannot add a thousand tons to
your shipping without bringing down the rates of
your freight. You cannot impose upon your
ship-owner, or allow to remain upon him, any lia-
bility without raising your rates of fi-eight, or, at
all events, preventing their reduction. The pro-
portion may be very small; but so far as* the
effect goes it is an effect upon him whose freight
is earned, but not ultimately upon the ship-owner.
He first feels the benefit of this change; but how
long does he feel it? Just so long as it takes to
build more ships and restore the proportion be-
tween the profit made out of that trade and the
profit of other branches of industry and business.
Capital seeks investment in the shape or shapes
that are supposed to be the most profitable; and
when you build more ships then down go the
rates of freight, and tobacco, and pork, and corn
are carried cheaper than before. Is there any es-
cape from that reasoning? I am really unable to
discover any.
Now, sir, the Senator from Kentucky has made
one remark which I consider perfectly fair, and
which I propose to apply to this question now be-
fore us. He says, how do we know this compe-
tition between our shipping and the shipping of
other nations is going on disadvantageously to our
shipping?—how do we know that they are enabled
to underwork us, and how do we know that our
shipping interests require this relief? When Great
Britain discovered that her shipping required this
relief, it was because she was afraid that other na-
tions were underworking her; and what did she
ihtend to do ? She intended to increase the bal-
ance, tod cause it to preponderate in her favor;
and she intended to keep the advantage—and I do
not complain of her; she had a perfect right to do
so—she intended to enjoy the advantages which
her shipping had over our shipping; and her acts,
so far as they go, tended to give her shipping the
advantage of ours. Now, are we to aJlow our
ship-owners to be subject to this old and onerous
rule, when another is found to work more fairly
there? and are we to send our ships in competition
with Great Britain under this disparagement? The
competition now, is a serious one, and your re-
turns show it. Here is before me the table of
clearances from our ports last year. The tonnage
of American vessels is 2,632,000 tons, while the
tonnage of foreign vessels is 1,728,000 tons, show-
' ing that that there was about three fourths as much
foreign tonnage as there is of domestic. They wish
to underwork us. Why do these vessels enter
our ports, bringing products which our American
vessels might bring as well ? Why do they carry
away products that American vessels might carry
away just as well, unless it is they can ship cheap-
er than we can? If they do not carry freight to
precisely the same extent that we do, yet .they
employ three fourths as much, and I think that that
three fourths is and should be a warning to us.
it shows that there is a competition against which
we ought carefully to guard; and in removing this
burden from the American shipping, I think we
do but an act of justice which is culled for by the
previous steps which Great Britain has taken, and
called for, not only for the benefit of the ship-owner,
but for the benefit of all those who wilt ultimately
reap the benefit—that is, all who are benefited di-
rectly or indirectly by the transportation of the
freight, as well as the owner of the goods that are
to be carried.
Well, sir, it is said that the old rule of the com-
mon law is an old and venerable rule, and ought
not to be broken in upon. Why, sir, the reasons
that led to the adoption of that rule were not com-
mercial reasons. It was adopted and applied to
common carriers upon land. Now, whether it is
a just rule with regard to the common carriers
upon land, I do not propose to consider. It is suf-
ficient for this occasion to. settle this question.
The reasoa why this rule should be applied rather
to carriers upon land than the common carriers
upon the water is, that the danger of breaking the
rule is not the same in the one case as in the other.
How is a ship-owner to endanger and risk the
property of others that he may have to carry with-
out endangering his own properly by the same
negligence or wont of integrity ? How is he to do
it without a risk of the destruction of his own
property ? How are his agents that are upon the
ships, the master and crew, to risk the property of
others that the ship-owner may have placed under
their care, without great danger to their own lives?
That is not the case with the common carrier upon
the land. He can risk the property of others
without there being any risk to his own person.
Not so with the ship-owner; for then his ships
would be in danger. There is the ship Typhoon,
Mr. President, that was launched last week in
Portsmouth, in your own State, (New Hamp-
shire—Mr. Nokbis being in the chair,) which is
worth $120,000. Will the owner of that ship put
negligent persons, or fraudulent persons, upon
board of her, who will allow her to be cast ashore,
to be destroyed intentionally by fire, or in any
other way to be exposed to danger ? Is it an easy
matter to allow a ship to be destroyed by fire on a
foreign voyage, without risking the lives of those
who, by their negligence or intentions, permit that
destruction to take place? Now, here are so many
reasons why it is quite safe to relax this rule in
the case of ship-owners, when it may not be safe
and advisable to do it in the case of common car-
riers upon the land.
There are other reasons which occur to me that
would control my mind, if these were not sufficient
to control it. But these few ideas I deem suffi-
cient to give the reasons for nty vote, and I have
thrown them out—perhaps in doing so taking up
as much of the time of the Senate as I am justified
in consuming, considering the short time that re-
mains to us.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President, in my judg- j
ment, it is hardly worth while to take up the time
of the Senate in discussing this question, particu-
larly when it is probable that it is already under-
stood by all who have an interest in it. Whether
it be expedient to abrogate the rale of the common
law, and to substitute a new one by statute in its
stead, is a question upon which I suppose almost
every member of this body is prepared to act.
With a view of saving the time of the Senate, and
bringing the matter to a test vote, I move to lay
this bill upon the table; and upon that question
I ask the yeas and nays.
The question being taken on granting the yeas
and nays, they were ordered.
The question being .taken by yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay the bill on the table, it
was not agreed to—yeas 20, nays 28—as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Butler,
Clay, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Ewing, relch, Jones, King,
Mangum, Morton, Phelps, Turney, Underwood, Wales,
Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Borland, Bradbury, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fante,
Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Miller, Norris, Fearce, Pratt,
Rantoul, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, and
Spruance—28.
Mr. BALDWIN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, not varying at all the purpose of the com-
mittee who reported this bill, but, in my judg-
ment, necessary to carry out the object that they
have in view. It is to add to the fifth section
i these words:
" And such ship or vessel, when so chartered, shall tie
liable in the same manner as if navigated by the owner or
owners thereof."
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Baldwin] has called my attention to this
matter. I think the bill is now precisely what
that amendment makes it. Still, to make it cer-
tain, I think it will be just as well to adopt the
amendment.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. It might perhaps obviate some
of the objections to this bill, if amendments were
made to tne last section, and I propose to submit
one without a speech. In the last section of the
bill we find that—
" The preceding sections shall not apply to the owner or
owners of any canal boat, nor to the owner or owners of
any lighter or lighters, employed in discharging and loading
vessels, or in transporting goods or other property inland
from place to place."
I move to strike out all from the ninth to the
thirteenth line of the seventh section, inclusive,
and substitute the following in its place:
" This act shaB not apply to the owner or owners of any
canal boat, barge, or lighter, or any vessel of any descrip-
tion, which may be used for river or inland navigation."
Mr. HAMLIN. I will say but a single word
upon that amendment. I am going to interpose
no objection to it. There is a class of Senators
here who perhaps should understand that matter.
If those who represent the interior waters of the
country desire such an Amendment, I am perfectly
willing that it should be made.
Mr. PHELPS. I must admit, after making
the motion that I did—to lay the bill on the table—
that I aiM in favor of the principles of the bill. I
made the" motion for the purpose of testing the
sense'of the Senate, and, if possible, to supersede
debate. I am in favor of the principles of the bill
for reasons that have been already suggested, and
which U will not, therefore', be neeessary for me
to repeat.
But permit me to remark, that if there be' any
portion of our navigation which is entitled to the
benefit of this change iil the common law of the.
country, it is our inland navigation. It is more1
subject to accidents against which the utmost fore-
sight and the utmost skill are found to be utterly
incompetent to guard. From my own experience'
in my own immediate neighborhood of the navi-
gation of the waters of the inland sections of the
country in which I reside, it is proved that this
navigation is more subject to accidents against
which they cannot guard than is the navigation of
the sea. Under these circumstances, I am op,
posed to the amendment, because I think, if the
principle which is incorporated into the bill be
adopted, it should be adopted with respect to all
our navigation, internal as well as external. That
is all that I have to say upon the subject.
Mr. PEARCE. The memorials which gave rise
to this bill came from that class of our peyle who
are interested in ocean navigation; and one of the
strongest arguments in support of the bill is, that
it will put the ocean navigation of this country
upon an equal footing with the ocean navigation
of England and other countries. Now, air, no
such argument applies to this case. It is very
manifest that the passage of this bill without this
amendment will operate very disadvantageously
to the interests of the inland navigation. I hope
that the amendment will be adopted.
Mr.'RANTOUL. I shall vote for the amend-
ment, not because I think it is wise—for I think
it will be injurious to the interests of those sec-
tions that seem to desire it—but because it does
not at all affect those sections wh:ch are directly
interested in foreign navigation. If those other
sections prefer a different arrangement for their
navigation, I am not at all disposed to interfere
with them; but let them make such arrangements
as best suit their purpose.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that the amendment
will not prevail. I am very sure that it cannot be
the desire or the intehtion of Congress to have one
system of liability for ship-owners and general
navigation, and another system for the lakes and
rivers. We shall have a conflict of principles—a
conflict of policy—a conflict in every way pro*
ducing uncertainty as to what is the law, and pro-
