718
THE1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
daeing conflicting adjudication in regard to it. It
seems to me that the principle which commends
th:a bill to the far or of Congress, aa applied to
foreign navigation, recommends it also and more
Mrongly to the inland navigation of the country.
It must be considered that the reasons which lend
to the necessity for this bill are applicable to the
inland navigation, and not to ocean navigation
alone.
But I will not discuss this subject more now than
to say that I hope this amendment will not prevail.
Mr. PE.VRCE. I understand that it is desired
by the Senators who advocate this bill that we
should assimilate its provisions to thoae of the
English law upon the subject. I endeavored to con-
form my amendment to the English law. I find
in the fifth section of the act of 53d George III,
which is the controlling English Statute, the fol-
lowing:
" That notiiiag tharris contained shall extend to 0m
•wner or owners of any lighter, barge, boat, or vessel of
say description whatsoever, imd solely in rivers or inland
navifatioa. or any ship or vend not duly registered accord-
ing to law."
Mr. SEWARD. By this amendment we will
have one system for ships that are engaged in the
State of New York; another system for the com-
merce on our lakes—on Lakes Erie, Ontario, and
Michigan; one system for the rivers and lakes,
and another system for the ocean navigation. I
think there ought to be a uniform iaw with regard
to this subject.
Mr. DAYTON. I suppose the amendment
will apply to lake navigation as well as inland nav-
igation.
Mr. SEWARD. They are treated as foreign
ports.
Mr. DAYTON. That is the intent, unques-
tionably.
Mr. W A.LKER. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Maryland will be adopted, for I
think that the great producing interests of the coun-
try require it.
Air. SHIELDS. I also hope the amendment
will be adopted. I do not think we have too many
guarantees upon our western waters for the safety
either of travel or freight. I hop* the amendment
will be adopted.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I shall forego after the mani- j
testation of the sense of the Senate on the motion |
of my friend from Vermont, all purposeof opposing
▼«ry strenuously the passage of this bill. I shall not
long delay the action of the Senate upon it. That
would be very unbecoming in me, after the mani-
festation of the purpose of the Senate to pass the
bill. I shall, therefore, enter into no general dis-
cussion of the measure, but content myself with
submitting a few remarks, which will pass for
what they are worth.
The principle which should govern every case
of this kind is, that the liability of the party should
depend upon his contract. Ship-owners are not
generally in the habit of taking goods on freight
without^ bill of lading. If the ship-owner gives
a bill oflading, by which, according to the terms
of the contract, he is bound for certain losses and
certain injuries, it seems to me to be very unwise
and unjust legislation on the part of Congress to
say he shall not be bound, although he has con-
tracted to be bound. Now, take an illustration:
The ship-owner gives a bill oflading, by which he
guaranties the safe delivery of the goods at the
place of delivery, " dangers of the sea alone ex-
cepted." Is it not strange legislation forCongress
to step in and say, that, although he has bound
himself to make good every loss, except losses
resulting from dangers of the sea, he shall, never-
theless, not be bound by the contract; but that,
for certain losses which are not provided against
in his bill of lading, and for which in his bill of
lading he has stipulated to be answerable, he shall
not be responsible. If he stipulates to deliver cer-
tain goods, losses from dangers of the sea alone
excepted, he guaranties to be responsible for all
other losses. It seems to me, then, to say the
feast of it, to be a very unwise and unjust legisla-
tion on the part of Congress, to say that they will
make for the ship-owner a contract different from
that which he has made for himself. This whole
business should depend on the contract. If we
were engaged in making a system of legislation
for minors, for young, inconsiderate, ill-advised :
persons, who are not capable of taking rare of their
own interests, who do not understand the manner
in winch legal instruments should be prepared,
and are without either the means or the opportu-
nity to procure counsel, to enable them to prepare
proper instruments by which their contract should
be expressed, there might be some reason for say-
ing that we should undertake by law to discharge
a party from the obligation which, by his con-
tract, he has assumed. Can there be any reason
for this interposition in behalf of the Bhip-owiiers
of the United States? As I understand the law
now, everything does depend upon the terms of
the Ml of lading. When the merchant receives
goods on board liis ship, he gives his bill of lading
in such form as he chooses, provided the other
party accepts it. In that case he may make as
many exceptions as he pleases.
Now, we all know that, in point of fact, in
England, after the decision of tne courts in the
somewhat celebrated case of Smith and Shepard,
in which the rule of the common law was supposed
to operate very harshly upon the ship-owners, by
their being made responsible for dangers of navi-
gation, which could not be foreseen and could not
be guarded against, because, as Lord Mansfield
said, there was a nice distinction between the act
of God and inevitable accident; and though they
were discharged from liability for the former, they
were liable for the latter; the ship-owners having
become alarmed, thereupon introduced a new set
of exceptions into their bills of lading. It is per-
fectly clear in England that the liability of the
parties is restrained and reduced by the exceptions
in this new bill of lading. But these acts of Par-
liament to which gentlemen have referred are in
operation, and, as far as they apply, they do
actually control and override the exceptions in the
bill of lading, and exempt the party in cases to
which the exceptions in the bills of lading do not
extend. I am at a loss to understand upon what
principle of right or propriety Congress should
undertake to determine for what accidents or losses
a party shall be responsible who has made a
written agreement, and in that written agreement
has stipulated how he shall be responsible, and
for what he shall be responsible. If this bill had
been confined in terms to the cases of goods which
-night be shipped without a bill of lading, defining
what should be the implied contract where there
was no express agreement mitigating the stringen-
cy of the common-law rule of liabuity, it would
have been less objectionable. But it is in its terms
1 an express and unequivocal exemption of ship-
owners from the losses in all instances specified.
I am now speaking of the first section of the bill.
It makes theactof Congress instead of the contract
the rule.
I have understood, as a reason for the interpo-
sition of this provision, that some of the courts in
the State of New York have decided that a ship-
owner cannot introduce any exception to his bill
of lading by which he will be relieved from the
full extent of the common-law responsibility of a
carrier. I have never seen such a case, ana I am
not prepared to believe that there is such a case;
but, at all events, it is not the law, though it may
have been so decided in the courts of New York.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the honorable Senator
will give way, I will state what the law is. I un-
derstand the decision of the courts is, that it is
' competent for a common carrier, by express agree-
ment signed by the other party, to restrict his lia-
bility, but that it is not competent for him to "re-
strict such liability by his own act—such, for
instance, as incorporating an exception in the bill
of lading. He may restrict his liability in the bill
of lading if there is an express assent to it on the
1 part of the other party. This I understand to be
the principle. But this is often impracticable. Bills
of lading are frequently left to be forwarded after
the vessel sails. To show the strictness of the rule
required by the courts, I will read an extract from
the opinion of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of the New Jersey Steam Navi-
gation Company vs. the Merchants' Bank, (6th
Howard's Reports:)
" A question has been made whether It is competent fbr
the earner to restrict bis obligation even by a spccial agree'
merit, ft was very fully considered In the ease ot Gould
and others  «. Hill and other), (-2 Hill, 623,) nnd the con-
clusion arrived at that he could not. (Sea also Holiateruj.
Nowlen, ID Wend., 940; and Cole®*. Goodwin, ib., 272,
282.) ♦* **** • * '
•)
"The right tbui to restrict the Obligation it admitted in a
I large class of vases founded on bills of lading nnd charter-
parties, where the exception lo the common Inw liability
! outlier than thul of inevitable accident) Iiuh been fioui lime
to time enlarged and the risk diminished by the express stip-
ulation of the parties. The right of the carrier thus to
limit his liability in the shipment of goods has, we think,
never been doubted. But, adiiiittinpr the right thus to re-
strict his obligation, it by no means lulloivs that lie can do
so by any net of his own. 11c is in the exercise of a sort of
public office, and has public duties lo perforin, from which
lie should not be permuted to exonerate himself without the
assent of the parlies concerned. And this is not to he im-
plied or inferred from a general notice to the public, limiting
his obligation, which may or may not be assented to.
**********
"The burden of proof lies on the carrier, and nothing
short of an CTprtu itipulution, by parol or in writing,
should be permitted to discharge linn from duties which the
law has annexed to his employ ment. The exemption from
these duties should not depend upon implication or infer-
ence, founded on doubtful and conflicting evidence, but
should be specific and certaiu, leaving no room for contro-
versy between the parties."
Mr. BADGER. Well, I suppose that expresses
exactly what I had understood to be the law. Of
course a master cannot make a bill of lading so as
to institute a contract between himself and ths
party shipping goods. The bill of lading must be
accepted—we all know that; and if it is accepted,
it becomes a contract between the parties—the con-
tract on the part of the one party by being signed
and delivered, and on the part of the other by
being accepted; and every restriction or liability of
the carrier expressed in that bill of lading is thereby
agreed to by the shipper of the goods who accepts
the bill of lading. There is no quest on about that.
However, I will not go into that subject.
This bill is wrong in any event. As the law
now stands, if the bill of lading is made out in the
old simple form, the ship-owner is subject to the
general liability of a carrier; and the only purpose
' of that portion of the bill to which my remarks ap-
, ply, is to discharge a man from an obligation which
1 he has voluntarily incurred; but if he makes a
new contract—a new bill of lading in which his
responsibility is narrowed, or the exceptions of
the bill are enlarged—then his liability, in my view,
depends entirely on this new contract. If there is
any doubt as to the ability of the ship-owner to
limit his responsibility, strike out the section of
the bill to which 1 am alluding, and declare that in
law the liability of the ship-owner shall depend
upon the bill of lading; that he shall be liable in
cases provided for in the bill of lading and in none
others. If a man undertakes to carry goods, you
should declare by law that his liabilities shall de-
pend on the contract which he makes. That is
clearly the correct principle. But this bill propo-
ses that he shall be relieved from responsibility in
cases where he would not be relieved according to
his bill of lading. Then it seems to me that in
that point of view the bill is liable to decided ot:.
jection. We know, with regard to the Parliament
of Great Britain, that it exercises a high, over-
ruling, and absolute power upon such subjects,
and when it declares the party shall not be re-
sponsible, that all contracts, past and present,
which stand in the way of the supreme will of the
nation thus expressed, must instantly give way.
It is not so here, and in my opinion, ought not to
be so.
I think, therefore, Mr. President, that the bill
is in one aspect, as I stated on a former oedftsion,
unnecessary. I believe a party can now exempt
himself. If he cannot, the bill should authorize
him to do it. But in the other aspect, the bill, in
my judgment, is mischievous, as making the lia-
bility of the party depend not upon his written
agreement,'but upon a law which controls, alters,
and modifies the agreement of the parties without
the consent of either of them. While we are spec-
ulating about the amount of indulgence to extend
to ship-owners, we should remember that there are
other persons concerned in this matter. Let us
see how this is to act on a person who owns and
ships goods? He takes from the master of the
craft a bill of lading in the ordinary form, which
expresses that the goods are to be delivered safely
at the port or place of delivery, " dangers of the
seas alone excepted." What dangers will he un-
derstand by that? Will he understand that the
parties are to be discharged if a fire breaks out and
destroys his goods ? Will he not understand, as
he has always understood before, that they are to
stand upon the contract, and that if the goods are
not delivered, and he ifcmands the reason why
'hey are not delivered, the party cannot excuse
himself except by showing that the non-delivery
