1851.
Tip! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*7W
resulted from what is in technical language a
" danger of the sea?" Surely he will. Now, in
the first place, this bill makes a contract discharg-
ing one party from a stipulation into which he lias
entered, without consulting the other party; and
then, in the next place, as these persons are not to
be supposed to be conversant with new conditions,
you have put to a disadvantage the shipper for the
bentfit of the ship-owner.
I am sorry to have taken up so much time on
this subject, but I felt it my duty to submit these
views. I would have said nothing about the bill,
had I not been under an implied pledge to do so.
I have some books at home, to which I wished to
refer, but I did nqt bring them here to-day, as I
did not expect the subject would be brought up;
but as the sense of the Senate has been tested on
this matter, and they have shown a disposition
to pass the bill, I shall not delay their action
longer.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have risen only to say that
I had made preparation, and if this bill had been
presented for consideration at an early day—I en-
deavored to have it taken up, but was not able to
succeed—I should have gone at length into a dis-
cussion of this question. But I do not desire to
' do so now; and, though I am obliged to speak
much more hastily than I desire, yet, as a good
deal of the time of the Senate has now been taken
up, I will say no more. I have risen now merely
to ask the Senate to let the vote be taken upon the
bill at once.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will not detain the
Senate long, and rise only to state a fact to the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Maryland has prodaced a
statute of the 53d of George III., which contains
a law which, it is said, we must now reenact, and
make applicable to this matter. Now, if I am not
mistaken, George III. ascended the throne in 1761,
at all events prior to the American Revolution. We
will suppose that I sun about right—that it was in
the year 1760; and if to that we add 53, it will bring
us down to 1813. These laws which we are now to
make applicable to this matter have been in force
from 1813 down to this time, almost forty years,
and we have just waked up to the propriety of
their adoption—just waked up to that. Now we
are waking up to adopt a law which, 1 apprehend,
will have the effect that I before pointed out. But
without going over all that I have already said—
without attempting to reply to all the arguments
in favor of this measure, I wish to make one more
remark.
Is this a commercial regulation that we are
making now? Is it a commercial regulation to 1
regulate commerce between ourselves and foreign
nations ? or is it a commercial regulation to regu-
late the commerce between the different States of
this Union? I very much doubt whether it is
either. Here, then, is a very important question 1
—a constitutional question—that we are bringing
up on the moment, and we are to hasten this bill
through during the few remaining days of the |
session, without time to look into it to understand,
and without any discussion. Sir, it strikes me that :
a law passed by Congress to prevent people from
making their contracts as they think proper to
make 3iem is interfering with the rights of the
States to make their own regulations upon the
subject of contracts, and to determine what shall
be illegal, what shall be immoral, and what shall
be improper in their jurisdiction. It may be a
commercial regulation, and gentlemen may per-
haps derive their authority under the Constitution
to make it as a commercial regulation. But it
does seem to me, upon the first blush, that it has
^nothing to do with commercial regulations, which
are rules, as I understand, to be prescribed for
regulating intercourse in commerce between our-
selves and foreign nations, and between the sev-
eral Stales. On the contrary, it strikes me as being
a legislation on the part of Congress, saying how
persons shall contract, and how State regulations
regulating the duty of carriers both upon sea and
upon land—if you retain such a provision—how
State regulations, which regulate these contracts
and fix these liabilities, shall be repealed by this
bill.
Sir, it seems to me that in addition to the sug- 1
gestions which I before made, these things are
worthy of consideration. They may not be en- ;
titled to much consideration, and gentlemen who ;
have understood and investigated this matter from ;
the beginning may have in their minds a very .
ready answer to these objections. I, however,
must say that I have none.
Mr. PHELPS. It is desirable to know the
' position in which this bill stands. Is it now in
■ i the Committee of the Whole?
/ The PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, I have only to say that
I shall vote in favor of the principle of the bill
upon this supposition, that it seeks merely to reg-
ulate the liability of ship-owners, where that lia-
bility was not fixed by their own contracts. Cer-
tainly I should be opposed to any legislation
which has for its object the control of the contract
of parties wherever the parties have fixed their lia-
i bihties. There the subject should rest. My sup-
j position was, that the bill provides only for those
cases where the liability of the parties rested upon
; legal inference, and was not settled by express
; agreement. Now, if the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] is right in supposing that
this bill professes to control the contracts of the
parties, why, it is wrong in principle. The par-
ties should be left to make their own contracts.
If this bill, however, simply proposes to regulate
the legal liability of the parties in the absence of
any express stipulations of their own, then it is
11 a bill that 1 should vote for.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is all it is.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, I will not detain the
Senate with an argument upon that subject. If
there is any part of the common law that brings to
I us the remembrance of olden times—if there is
any portion of the common law that brings to us
an illustration of the state of society totally differ-
' ent from that which now exists—it is this very
common law in regard to common carriers, ft
originated in a time when violence was substituted
■ for right. It had its origin in a period w-hen the
adoption of such a principle was necessary. But
II in the progress of time, in the change which has
| ] taken place, the reason which lies at the bottom of
i this stringent law has, in my judgment, ceased to
exist. There is no man, probably, in the Senate
who is more reluctant to depart from the estab-
lished principles of the common law than I am.
My experience has shown me their value; and 1
am willing to say, with respect to those principles,
that generally speaking they are rooted in the ex-
perience of centuries, and it is hazardous now to
aepan from them. But there are some of those
principles the reasons for which have passed away,
and I regard this as one of them. Who traverses
| at this day through the country armed and guard-
: ed ? Who is there among us that expects to meet
with violence and attacks from robbers and foes ?
The state of things is totally changed from what
it was a century or two ago. I speak of course
of other countries; for this country was not then
populated . Now, I am altogether in favor of this
bill, provided, in the absence of any express stip-
ulation, it shall limit the liability to perfect integ-
rity and faith. That, in my judgment, is all that
can be exacted. When you have gone to that
extent, you have satisfied the wants of the com-
munity—you have satisfied the expectation of
1 every man that employs these common carriers.
Why should we go further ? Sir, I repeat that 1
regard this stringent rule of the common law upon
the subject of the liability of common carriers as
existing long after the foundation upon which it
originally rested. The necessity for it is gone by,
and we need it no longer. Well, what is the pol-
icy of our Government? Our great commercial
rival has abrogated this law. We have been com-
peting with Great Britain for the carrying trade, I
< may say of the world, for fifty years, and if we
do not ourselves abrogate this law, we will give
her an advantage over our navigation, and permit
' our navigation to suffer under it. Now, if the
bill be what I suppose it to be—and perhaps I
have not examined it sufficiently—if it be a bill
regulating the liability of carriers in such cases
only where the contract between the parties does
not fix the liability, I shall find no difficulty in the
way, and shall go for the adoption of the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I think a night's
reflection upon this subject will be profitable, and
I therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
The motion to adjourn was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate.
Mr. WALKER called for the reading of the
first section of the bill.
The first section was read.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to inquire of the S n 
ator from Vermont [Mr. Phelps} if the provisions
of that section would not exclude the liability
under the ordinary form of a bill of lading, suctt
as has been mentioned by the Senator from North
Carolina? [Mr. Badger. 1
Mr. PHELPS. If the Senator desires an an*
swer 
Mr. WALKER. I do; for I place great confi-
dence m the Senator's judgment.
Mr. PHELPS. I am strongly inclined to think
that the provision is in a wrong form. The ex-
emption from responsibility should not be on ac-
count of certain actions, but the principle recog-
nized by the bill should be this: that tne utmost
faithfulness and vigilance should be exacted from
the carrier, and in case ofloss he should be able to
exempt himself from responsibility only by clear-
ing himself of all culpability.
Mr. WALKER. I do not look upon the effect
of this section as being what it is said to be by
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin;] for, if
the law declares that the owner shall not be liable
for losses occasioned by fire, unless it happen by
his own neglect, and he should contract that he
should be liable, the contract itself is void.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. WALKER. The contract would be
against the policy of this law: for if a law of this
kind be not to establish a rule for all classes, then
I know not what it is for; and if the contract is
against the liability which he would otherwise
incur under an ordinary bill of lading, it certainly
must be void.
Mr. PHELPS. A few remarks, Mr. Presi-
dent, explanatory of the answer which 1 gave to
the Senator from Wisconsin. I suppose ne had
reference to what I expressed before, that in all
cases the contract between the parties should gov-
ern, unless it is a contract forbidden by law.'
Whatever other liability he chooses to assume,
he must take upon his own shoulders. My re-
marks were addressed to this inquiry: Where
the parties have not stipulated their respective
obligations, in that case it is a matter of legal in-
ference to determine what the liability is. My
remarks were directed to that contingency of the
law settling the responsibility between these par-
ties in the absence of any contract.
Mr. BERRIEN. I have not interfered in this
discussion. I voted in favor of the motion to lay
this bill upon the table, not because I was un-
friendly to the objects which are stated to be pro-
posed to be accomplished, but because I did not
believe that, under the circumstances in which
this bill is presented to our consideration, we
could probably frame such a bill as ought to be
adopted on an occasion of this sort. I understand
the object of the framers of this bill to be to
protect those persons who are denominated
common carriers, against certain consequences
which result, from the operation of the common
law, which has heretofore been applied to their
conduct. I understand it to be avowed that they
are willing to admit the principle that, under the
law as it now exists, the common carrier may re-
lieve himself from the liabilities resulting from the
common law, by the exposition which he will in-
sert in his bill of lading of a contract relating to
the carrier 
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow me,
I do not understand that the mere insertion of it
in the bill of lading will exclude the party from
liability. , I do understand that it may be done by
a special contract signed by both parties.
Mr. BERRIEN. I understand, most certainly,
that where there is a contract there must be two
parties; but I understand that the assent of the
party to the contract may be implied as well as
expressed. If the common carrier signs a bill of
lading, specifying the terms upon which he will
carry the property, and that is accepted by the
owner of the property, he becomes a party to that
contract, according to the terms in which it is stip-
ulated.
Well, then, if that proposition be true—if that
be the real effect and operation of the bill—the
amendment which I have to suggest to the Senator
from Maine will, I presume, not meet with his
opposition. I desire to express on the face of the
bill that which it is uaid will result from its pro-
visions. I desire to recognize by this bill the
right of the party to limit his obligation; and I
desire to limit the action of Congress to that simple
