*20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20.
operation. I propose, therefore, to strike out from i
the first section of the hill the words " fire hap-
pening to or on board the said ship or Teasel, un-
less such fire is caused by the design of such owner
or owners," and insert "losses arising from any
cause which is excepted in the bill of lading, with-
out fault of the carrier or his agent." It will then
read:
'• So mrnw orowaen of any ship or vessel shall be rob-
Jeet or liable to an wi-r for, or make good to any one or mora
pwsoa or yrwaa, say kw or danage which may happen
to any goods or Merchandise whatsoever which >111111 be
•hipped, lakes in, or put oa board any such ship <* vessel,
by reum or by ncaaa of say lasses arising Amu any csum
which ii excepted in the Mil of lading, without fault of the
earner or hu agent-"
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I hope that
amendment will not be adopted. It will defeat the
whole object of the common law in providing se-
curities for those who ship goods on board these
vessels. As the law now stands, a man living in
the interior, who wishes to ship his goods to any
foreign place, puta them on board the boat or the
wagon of some common carrier, by whom they
are transported- to the seaport, and are there placed
on board the vessel, and the owner of the goods
haa the security provided by the common law,
that these goods shall be shipped with all the risks
on the part of the owner of tne vessel. But adopt
this proposition, and what is the consequence?
The man in the interior is entirely at the mercy of
the ship-owner, who may insert in his bill of lading
just such restrictions as he thinks proper, and re-
fuse to take the goods on board his vessel unless
the man who is intrusted with the shipment of
them, or the owner at a distance, will consent to
receive a bill of lading on just such terms as the
ship-owner may propose. This would defeat the
whole policy or the law, and leave the owners of
the goods, however distant they may be, entirely
at the will of the owner of the ship.
Mr. BADGER. Unless the gentleman who is
shipping his goods from the interior sends them
down bv telegraph, I imagine the case cannot arise
which tne Senator from Connecticut has supposed.
If a man is in the interior, he sends down his
goods by or to some agent. If he accepts the bill
of lading with ever so many exceptions, I see no
reason why the principal should not be bound.
It is a proposition on the one side to make excep-
tions, but those exceptions do not take effect until
the bill of lading is accepted by the other party.
We most suppose a man to exercise some reason-
able and ordinary care in the transaction of busi-
ness. If so, the injury cannot be done which the
8enator supposed. If, on the other hand, the
goods are sent directly without the intervention of
an agent from the owner of the goods in the inte-
rior to the ship-owner, and the ship-owner under-
take to prepare a bill of lading with unusual ex-
ceptions, it would be a clear ease of fraud if he
puts more exceptions in the bill of lading than are
usual in the business in which he is engaged. It
should be left to those parties to make their own
contract.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say only one word.
If thisbil^shall pass just as it came from the com-
mittee, it will leave every party to make a con-
tract as they please. It will establish one general
rule upon which contracts are made, and that rule
will apply to these contracts. If anybody desires
to make a contract outside of that, either extend-
ing or limiting their liabilities, they have a right
to do so. 1 hope, therefore, the bill will be taken
as it is, and that the Senate will vote the bid
through, or vote it down, as they think proper.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Maine has
several times repeated that if this bill pass in the
form in which it came from the Committee on
Commerce, it will not interfere with the contracts
of the parties. Now, the English statute, from
which the first section of his bill was copied, does
undoubtedly interfere with the contractsof parties
in England. It is clear that if this bill pass, and
a bill of lading should be given in the ordinary
form, guarantying the safe delivery of the goods, j
dangers of the seas alone excepted, the ship-owner
would not be liable for a loss by fire. The bill says
nothing about its being a danger of the sea or not.
It only says the ship-owner snail not be liable for
loss by fire. It does not define what is a danger
of the sea, so as to enable parties to understand
the meaning of the term. It is a positive prescrip-
tion of law that the owner shall not be liable. The j
bill, will, I fear, probably pass in this shape and |
become a law. When it comes to be interpreted j
by the courts, it will be seen whether I am right
as to its operation.
Mr. DOWNS. There is one thing connected
with this bill which I cannot understand. The
chairman of the committee has repeatedly stated
that the parties can regulate their contract as they
choose. I understand the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Georgia is to remove all doubt about it,
and yet the chairman of the committee opposes it.
I think there is something in it, therefore, and
should like to see the amendment adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Georgia shall not be adopted, 1 will pro-
pose to amend the first section by adding a pro-
viso in these words:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall preclude
the parties from making any contract a* they please."
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Berrien, it was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now propose to amend the
first section by adding the following proviso at the
end of it:
" Provide*, That nothing in thin act contained shall pre-
vent the parties from making such contracts as they plea**,
extending or limiting the liabilities of ship-owners."
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceed-
ed, as in Committee of the Whole, to the consid-
eration of the bill to provide for the survey of the
public lands in California, granting donation priv-
ileges therein, and for other purposes.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the bill which the
Senator from California wiahed taken up was the
California Mint bill. I misunderstood the bill. 1
move to lay it on the table.
Fending which motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursdat, February 27, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. The
Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. BAYLY obtuined the floor, but yielded it
to Mr. Hubbard, as that gentleman had (he said)
been sick and had been unable to be in bis seat for !
some time past, and had a small bill which he |
wished to get through, and which would occupy j
but a few moments.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. HUBBARD said, that his object was to
introduce a small bill to graduate the price of pub-
lic lands according to the time they nave been in
the market, and securing the right of preemption to
occupants at the several grades of reduction. He
would state that he had not occupied one hour of
the time of the House during this Congress. His
object was to have the bill laid upon the table and
printed.
Mr. H. said: Mr. Speaker, I have, sir, for forty
years or upwards, been familiar with the frontier
people,and the difficulties which they encounter in
settlings new country; and, from a knowledge of
their habits, know what system or mode ofdiapos- 1
ing of the public lands suits theconvenienceof occu-
pants; and, from a knowledge of the land system,
know how sales ought to be made so as to pro-
mote the wants of the Treasury without trampling
upon the feelings of the hardy and bold frontier
people, (here called "squatters,") but who have
been the great agents in extending dominion over
the continent by keeping the savages at bay, and
opening up a wilderness to the less adventurous
but more peaceful cultivators of the soil, who, in
turn, have provided employment for the ships, the
looms, ana mechanism of the country. These i
people will soon be needed no longer as guards '
upon the frontiers, and their former pursuits of
hunting and living upon their stock will shortly
fail them. They are not as yet skilled in the arts
of money-making—scarcely advanced beyond the
rudest stages of agriculture—unable to command
money to buy your best land, they are, therefore,
driven upon the poor and refuse, such as no man
who can command money will have. There are
nearly eighteen millions of these refuse and sterile
lands in Alabama, which have been twenty years
in market, and upon which this class of people
have been compelled to settle. In the district
which I represent there are nearly four thousand
voters in the country on these poor waste lands,
who, with their families, may number twenty
thousand souls, and in the whole Slate not less
than one hundred and twenty thousand,—all with-
out land. And although many of you know that
these lands have been culled and picked for from
ten to thirty years, and all that are fit for profita-
ble culture have long since been taken,"yet you
force the worthless and refuse tracts at the same
price upon these poor occupants at which you sold
the good.
Is it right and just, or wise, to ask no more for
good than had land—to keep all at one price?
These people feel that it is not. They can see no
difference in principle between*this policy on the
part of Government than there would be for an
owner of cattle, who put his calves and best fatted
oxen all at one price; in which event, all who had
money would take the oxen, and leave the calves
for the poor and needy, having no ready cbrIi, and
telling tnem " when they got money they could
buy the calves and poorer at the same price at
which their moneyed neighbors had purchased the
fat ones."
Men can see no justice or wisdom in such a
course on the part of the Government, and the bill
I have introduced proposes entirely to change the
system by graduating the price according to the
time the lands have been in the market unsold,
giving, in all cases of reduction, a preemption, or
right of preference to the occupant at such re-
duced price, until they are sold or have been more
than thirty years in tne market, and then provides
that Congress shall have no more to do with them,
but that they shall be ceded to the States in which
they lie, subject to the same conditions, as to price
and rights of occupants, with a view of finally
getting clear of the whole system of land-owner
as a Government, and relieving the people from
being tenants at will to the Government.
I make no proposition to " give lands away
for nothing," which has alarmed so many people.
I am convinced that a large majority of the citizens
now upon the poor and refuse lands without land,
would be glaa to labor and earn money to buy
homes at the prices I have fixed in the bill—for
the poorest say 124 cents, and that they well know
their bargain would be much harder than getting
! a tract of the best at $1 25 per acre.
i I know that many of you contend here that by
keeping up the price until population becomes nu-
merous, and public improvements give value to
the lands, men will be compelled to buy even these
poorest lands at $1 25 per acre.
Your proposition thus to convert the labor of
these occupants to your advantage cannot give the
Government any claims to the affection of this
class of citizens, who, more than any other, have
acquired the country from the enemy, and without
whose bravery and adventurous achievements,
commerce, manufactures, and even industrious
agriculture, would have made but slow progress
in possessing the continent. You owe these brave
and hardy frontier men more, in giving them a
place upon the public lands, than any other class,
and you have done less for them. You owe them
at least justice by giving them their homes upon
the refuse lands at a fair price, compared to what
you sell the good at. It would be but justfce to
both parties, and wise on the part of the Govern-
ment; for it would be but an easy task to prove
that by improving three acres upon each tract of
these poor lands, so as to make it produce well,
woula enable the occupant to purchase articles of
comfort or necessity for his family, the duties
i upon which in twenty years would bring more
money into- the public Treasury than you will or
can ever make out of the land, so that by adopt-
ing this mode of sale, you not only do justice to
! these occupants of poor lands, and add to their
comfort and independence, but you tnake more
money to the Government. The sales being reg-
ular according to the gradual increase of popular
tion, can be calculated in advance by the Govern-
ment with ordinary certainty; and what is equally
important, it will forever quiet one of the usual
causes of exoitement and disturbance m the coun-
try, by putting a stop, and forever, to speculations
in the public lands. This policy Is therefore best
for both Government and people, and should be
adopted as the permanent policy of the country
therefore, I offer the bill for the consideration of
the House and the country, with a hope that
members will read it, reflect upon it, and pass it.
