1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
am about to make. Until 1645, until this unfortu-
nate acquisition which you, Mr. Chairman, con-
tributed so effectually to bring about, there was not
a military post in the United States twenty miles
from a point of steamboat navigation. Remem-
ber that. I say, sir, that your frontier then on
the Mississippi river, oh the lakes, was accessible
by steamboats. But I am not going to trifle my
time away so much as to give you the difference in
the cost of transportation by water and by wagons.
Mr. Chairman, you know* aiyl every gentleman
in this House knows, that that frontier was in die
vicinity of one of the most fertile countries on the
face of the earth, about the lake coast frontier and
the frontier of the Mississippi river. Provisions
were cheaper in the settlements in the vicinity of
these posts than elsewhere on this continent. Sir,
that accounts for the vast difference. I beg this
committee to go with me through a very brief
statement of facts relating to New Mexico and
Texas. Supplies to New Mexico are transported
from Fort Leavenworth on the Mississippi river.
They are transported a distance of eight hundred
and twenty miles in wagons, and by teams drawn
by mules and oxen. The cost of transportation
from Fort Leavenworth to Santa Fe has been as
high as §14 per hundred, so that it would cost you
$28 for transportation for one barrel of flour, that
would cost only $3 or $4 for the flour itself. So
it is with other military posts in New Mexico.
Well, now, on the line of the Rio Grande, the dis-
tance I think my friend from Texas will authorize
me to say is about the same from steamboat navi-
fation as El Paso. It is about the same perhaps,
ut not quite as far. -You send your armies into
Santa Fe and Texas on the frontier, and it is the
duty of the Quartermaster to supply them. I will
not insult the intelligence and integrity of any
member of this House by asking him, if when
the President of the United States, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War, sendq troops to
these frontiers which he considers necessary for the
protection of the inhabitants, whether they should
b« fed, or whether they should be sent there to
starve. I know that no man, whatever may be
his love for economy or popularity, would enter-
tain an idea so monstrous. I say that the Quar-
termaster in all this matter is as innocent as I am,
and has no more discretion, as far as the transport-
ation is concerned, than you or I have. Having
shown, sir, that my friend from Georgia is labor-
ing under a great mistake in supposing that our
frontiers now are not more inaccessible than they
were in 1844 and 1845,1 beg to say to this House
and committee, on the authority of an official
statement which I have in my hands, that the
transportation of subsistence to the military posts
established in the country acquired by the war of
Mexico, and in Texas, is more than £700,000. Am
I understood by the committee? I desire them to
hear the statement.
I desire, after this strong statement of my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that this committee
should know upon official authority that the cost
of the transportation of the supplies for the soldiers
and officers to the military posts established in
countries that we acquired from Mexico and Tex-
as, was $700,000. Well, sir, I think I have shown
the facts. The gentleman called upon me for facts.
In proposing to reduce the estimates of the officers
of the vVar Department, I rather thought the bur-
den rested upon him, and in proposing to reduce
them, I thought it was incumbent upon him to
show the facts that would authorize that reduc-
tion- I think 1 have taken up the duty which he
sought to devolve upon me, and that I nave effect-
ually shown, that the expenses of the Quarter-
master's Department are much greater now than
they were then. My honoroble friend from Geor-
gia did not allude at all to the expenses of the
military posts in the old States or the expenses
of the soldiers in the old States, that they had in-
creased one dollar or one cent. I say here, that
they have been diminished, and that these in-
creased expenditures for your War Department
have resulted from the country, which I contend,
?qu are bound to defend from the attacks of the
ndians. That is the question. I would invoke
the attention of my friend from Georgia [Mr. |
Toombs] to that proposition. Will you acquire a
country infested t>y Indians, and permit your citi-
zens to go into it and allow women and. children j
to be made captives and victims of these inhuman !
creatures, who are so numerous in New Mexico
and Texas? Well, sir, I take it for granted that
nobody is prepared for a proposition of that sort.
The question is, then, how shall the country be ] |
best defended? and whether we shall cut down
those estimates that are absolutely necessary to
feed and clothe your troops in Texas and New
Mexico ? Or shall we make provisions according j:
to the estimates which undergo not only the revis- j|
ion of the heads of the btfheau, but the Secretary I
of War and the President of the United States? :
But if I were disposed to resort to an ad captandum |
argument, I would ask gentlemen, with the inform-
ation which they have upon this subject, how ,
they can deny the facts which have been produced,
and which I challenge any man to rise here and
deny. I say again, shall we with such informa-
tion as that, arbitrarily and blindly cut down these
estimates ? That is the question. Shall we by ,
doing that, assume the adninistxation of the War
Department—assume the authority of the very gal- 1
lant gentleman who is at the head of the War De-
partment, and every officer of the United States ?
That is the question.
My friend from Georgia very effectively ap- '
pealed to this committee against foreigners being
employed in the Army of the United States. I (
have the less interesting, captivating duty of per- i
forming, that of telling you that no native-bom i |
citizen of the land enlists in the Army of the j
United States. I tell you, sir, that for twice the j
pay which is now authorized by law, you cannot i j
fill up the ranks with native-bom citizens. You j;
cannot do it, for it has been tried. It is due to
say that our citizens are preferred, but you cannot
get them. The native American will not lounge :
about your posts on the frontier. In a time of
peace, and in the absence of all excitement, he will ! ]
not hang about the military posts, and you are of j |
necessity driven to take the Irishmen and Ger- 11
mans. I did not expect my honorable friend from |:
Georgia would endeavor to frighten us from
our propriety, with denunciations of the standing ]!
Army. If these Dutchmen and Irishmen are half i'
as worthless as my friend from Georgia seems to :
consider them—an army composed of such men 1 i
would not frighten even die old women and chil-
dren of your country. ..Sir, it is a melancholy
truth that they scarcely frighten the Indians on our
frontiers. But, sir, in that connection I desire to
do an act of justice, which seems to be rendered
i necessary by the remarks which have been made.
It has been said that there is no occasion for gal-
lant exploits in fighting these Indians, and that
there has been great difficulty of bringing them
into contact with the enemy. If my honorable j
! friend from Georgia would do as I have done, in j
getting information upon so delicate a subject as !
this of the Army, read the reports of the officers
of the Army who have been on your frontiers in ,
New Mexico and Texas, he would see that some !
of the most gallant exploits that men have ever !,
performed—exploits that equal anything in the i,
days of knighthood^have been achieved by our :,
Army. There has never been a pursuit, or an at- j
tack of the Indians on that frontier, in which the
enlightened officer who commanded, whether cap-
tain, first lieutenant, or second lieutenant, did not
lead his men always in advance, and was the first
to meet the foe. i1
Well, sir, I tell you another thing, which I am
sorry my friend from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] did
not understand. It is, that in every solitary en-
counter we have had with the Indians upon our :
frontier, I believe, with the exception of one, the
officer in command has been wounded. If it be
supposed that these Indians are contemptible foes, '
let me tell you, that from one half to one third of •
them use the very best description of firm-arms, '
and the residue use the bow and arrow, which at ;
near distance are as dangerous weapons as the rifle.
There is not a man upon the frontier, who does
not know that the arrow oftheCamanche, at thirty
or forty yards, penetrates the body as certainly as :
the ball of the rifle,.and that the wound is attended
with more excruciating pain than that produced by
other weapons.
Mr. Chairman, I believe I have said nothing
upon the mere matters of detail. I come now
sir, to reply to the opinions asserted by my friend
from Georgia, that although it is our duty by the
treaty with Mexico to defend a certain province of i
that Republic against the attacks of Indians upon !
its borders, wetave established one military post "
for that purpose. Now, my friend is mistaken. .
We have no right to establish military posts within
the Republic of Mexico, and our posts %re estab-
lished at most convenient and judicious distances
along that frontier. But one of the most arduous
duties of the troops in Texas is to defend the
line of that frontier.
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to speak of the
disposition of our troops in the field, and at dif-
ferent points in our country. I said the other
day, that the people of Oregon are better capable
of defending themselves than any army that we
can send into that country. Sir, the population
of Oregon is comprised within a compact, and
rather dense settlement. Every man who goes
to that country carries his rifle with him, as do
some of the women. I think my friend from Or-
egon would bear me out in saying, that the wo-
men there understand the use of the rifle as well
as their husbands and brothers. They are in
every respect better qualified to defend themselves
against the Indians, than would be any number of
United States troops whom you could send into
that country. And the same remark applies to
California. They are better capable of defend-
ing themselves for this reason: Wars by large
bodies of Indians are never made. They have
never been attempted west of the Rocky Moun-
tains, except when the settlements in Oregon were
feeble and weak. Depredations are committed
upon property by small bands of from three to
four, six, and twelve. Well, sir,nothing but that
compact front which a well-settled country expo-
ses to them, can prevent these forays from being
made, and the United States troops cannot pre-
vent them, although their gallantry be never
equalled. It arises from this fact. 1 beg the
committee to remember, that when my friend
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] was speaking of
defence against the powerful tribes of Indians in
the southern States, and upon our lakes, the
population in the vicinity of those Indian kibes
was of a description similar to that in Oregon and
California. Every man had his rifle and under-
stood how to use it. They did constitute literally
a wall of defence against them. That is the
cause and that is the reason. It is not, sir, that
Georgians, South Carolinians, or the inhabitants
of any other State or Territory, are more gallant
than thesepeople in Texas. 1 think, Mr. Chair-
man, that m point of personal gallantry, there is
no such people as these Texans. They are too
fond of fighting, in my opinion, if my friend from
Texas [Mr. Howard] will allow me to say it.
In making thia remark, I mean no disparagement
to the gallant inhabitants of that State.
Having said thus much, Mr. Chairman, in ref-
erence to California and Oregon, the important
question of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] makes it my duty to say, that three
months ago this mounted regiment was ordered
home from Oregon, and properly, as I think., I
think it was properly ordered home, because no
soldiers ought to be left there. How should we
control that? How can we control it? If it b#
wrong, if it be injudicious, that any troops should
be in Oregon and California, and the President
chooses to send them, Wgainst our judgment, shall
we resort to the very extraordinary means of
•preventing it by withholding supplies? Who
among us would sanction such a thing as .with-
holding the supplies by which the soldier is fed
and clothed? I think, Mr. Chairman, that no-
body would insist upon a proposition of that
kind. Although I think the'people of Texas, if
they were sufficiently numerous in their frontier
settlements, would be as capable of defending
themselves as any other people; as capable of
doing s  as if they had a stone wall between tlirm
and the Camanches—I think thnt the very name
of a Texas ranger is a terror to the Indians,—
although that be the case, yet we know that the
population is expanding towards the Rio Grande,
and that consequently they are too feeble for
defence. I say they cannot defend themselves
against these forays, for the people of Texas have
not made dense and compact settlements in the
frontier upon the Rio Grande. It is your duty
to defena that frontier for them. There are
in Texas, I suppose, about twenty thousand
Camanches. You all,know the character of these
Camanches. I wish gentlemen to listen to the
statement which I make, for I desire that no
man in this committee shall be blind upon this
subject. I refer gentlemen to the statement of Gen-
