726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
eral Brooke, whose efficiency, gallantry, and skill \
are commended in deserving terms by all who are [
familiar with his valuable services, in which he
stales that less than three thousand men on the
frontiers of Texas are incapable of defending it,
and they must be mounted men. Now, sir, ifwc
undertake to set up our judgment against that of
an experienced scnllnnt officer on this frontier—an
officer familiar with frontier life and frontier du-
ties, and familiar with Indian character, it is of
course my duty to acquiesce; but as for myself, I
shall pursue no such course.
We come now to the condition of things in New
Mexico. I bear testimony cheerfully and gladly
to the great gallantry—the superior excellence and
admirable skill of one of lite bravest officers of the
Army of the United States—Colonel McCullough.
This officer was sent to this frontier by General
Taylor, to look into its resources and see what
materiel existed in that country for its defence.
But what means exist th«re for the supply of
troopsColonel McCullough states in an official
report, which my friend from Texas [Mr. How-
ard] cited this morning, that less than two thou-
sand two hundred men are incapable of defending
New Mexico. Sir, I entirely a^ree with the pro-
position of my friend from Georgia, [Mr.Toombs,]
that whenever it is possible, the hardy population
of the country should constitute its mam military
defence against the Indians, or anybody else. I
want to say to the committee, and I hope they will
be good enough to remember it, that my friend
from Georgia gave us no information upon the
subject. I wish to see what are the elements in
New Mexico—that Siberia of this continent—for
its defence against the Indians. There are in New
Mexico, I think, about ninety-one thousand square
miles of country. There are twenty thousand
■wild Indians in that country, comprising the
Navahoes, Utahs, and Apaches. It is an interest-
ing fact in the history of the Indians of this coun-
try, that the Navahoes are the only tribes of
Indians that are increasing in numbers. They
have their herds and they cultivate small farms,
and are the only tribe who are warriors that pro-
duce grain or eat bread. Well, sir, they are most
intelligent and efficient warriors. Their horse-
manship has grown into a proverb. The Mama-
lukein his feats of horsemanship has been exceeded
by them. There are the Utahs and Apaches, too,
equally formidable in war—equally expert in horse- |;
manship—makingaltogether,the three tribes,about
twenty thousand, from the best information we
hare upon the subject. A singular fact is exhib-
ited in that country, and it is one full of instruc- ;
tion, and suggests the profoundest reflection, that |
it is the only country in modern times in which i
the sarage has penetrated to the heart of civilized '
people, and it is the only instance in which the
limits of civilization have been actually circum- ;
scribed by the savage. It is not for me to say
here what is the reason of this and how it is. The
Mexican population in New Mexico, from the
best sources of information within my power, is <
about forty thousand. Of these, a vast number—it i
is impossible to tell how many—are those misera- 1
ble peons, of whom you have heard. There are
but few large proprietors in New Mexico. Sir, I.
would have been glad if my friend from Georgia
had told us how many white people they have in
New Mexico.
Mr. TOOMBS, (interposing.) They are Ame-
rican citizens.
Mr. BURT. A beautiful American citizen a
peon is—altogether inferior to the wild Indian, as
everybody knows. The very gentlemanly super-
intendent of the Indian affairs in New Mexico,
Mr. Calhoun, tells us, in his last report, that there
are only about one thousand two hundred white
people in New Mexico, and that they were leaving
the country fast. That is the material, the bone
and sinew, which my friend from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] would use against these wild Indians. 1
Thewila Indians have b«en plundering them, as
they have been plundering the neighboring pro-
vinces in the Republic of Mexico, for the last two
thousand years, and they will continue to plunder
them. It is infinitely easier for them to obtain their
supplies by plundering these miserable creatures
in New Mexico, than by working for it. These
people—these Indians in New Mexico, instead of
cultivating the ground, have no herds, no flocks,
no game in their country. Plundering the cattle,
norses, and mules ofthe Mexicans,has been their
trade for two hundred years; and think you |
they will give it np as long as there are in that
country such temptations to these forays, and as
long as there is in that country such an absolute,
utter helplessness on the purt of the Government
in resisting their attacks?
Well, sir, we have bound ourselves by treaty
to defend these people. I am prepared to say to
this House and to the country, tnat in my opinion,
you will need two thousand five hurturea men,
mainly cavalry, in New Mexico, in the next
twenty, thirty, or, as I believe, fifty years. It j
would be cheaper this day to remove every man |
who we are under obligations to protect, from that ,
country by giving him land, and supplying him
for twelve months with means to enable him to !
live in any other part of the country where we
have unappropriated lands, than to let them re-
main in New Mexico and protect them by military
power. Sir, I have looked into the question of
the defence of New Mexico as the most interesting
problem of modern times. It is peculiar in all re-
spects. It is a desolate and almost inaccessible
country, and you cannot approach by water within
eight hundred miles of it. You have heard a great
deal about Santa Fe, the capital of New Mexico.
This very superintendent of Indian affairs says,
that when he went there, although the city con-
tains a population of five or seven thousand inhab-
itants, yet there was not a house in it which had a
floor.
A Voice. They had ground floors.
Mr. BURT. Yes; they had ground floors. A
more miserable set of creatures than these inhab-
itants of Santa Fe, are not to be found in any
part of the Mexican country. I desire here to say j
another thing, which bears upon this subject of
transportation, that you stand here this day further
, from points in our own country, than you do from
any civilized country on the face of the globe. I
say it will take longer to get from here to Oregon
than to any other point of the civilized globe. That
being the case, I beg my friend from Georgia to
consider that our armies cannot be supplied as
cheaply as before, as the transportation is so im-
portant an item.
Sir, I desire, in closing my remarks, to say, that
I thjnk my honorable friend from Georgia has
shown, that although he is a very bold reformer
and ready to strike in the dark rather than not strike
at all, that he would make us a capital Secretary
of War, and I hope that if his party continue in
power, we may see him filling the duties of that
important office; but I should entreat him not to
apply the legislative knife in the dark, lest he strike
some vital part. I would join him in cutting off
every dollar that can be curtailed of these expend-
itures, and I shall move, when we consider this
bill by separate clauses, to strike out very many
of these items. But I think my friend from Geor-
gia, as far as I understand this thing, is striking
| at the wrong point when he proposes to strike at
| the Quartermaster's Department, which I consider
is the least capable of being reduced in its ex-
t penses without injury to the public service, and I
\ trust that the committee will refuse to strike out
the appropriation necessary to sustain this De-
partment.
Mr. BAYLY said: It will be recollected that at
the last session of Congress, when some of my
Democratic friends attacked certain appropriation
bills which came from our committee, and at-
tempted to hold that committee responsible for the
amount of the appropriations which they had pro-
vided, I took the ground that it was impossible
for Congress, judiciously and with safety, to un-
dertake to reduce the expenditures without the
thorough and ready cooperation of the Adminis-
tration. The expenses of the public service, and
particularly of the Army and Navy, depend in a
reat degree upon the Administration. In these
ranches of the public service, as in a private gen-
tleman's household, the economy of its adminis-
tration does not consist in the income which he
may have, but in the circumscribed, judicious man-
ner in which it is used. He may have never so
little income, and yet, if there is no economy in
its administration, the expenditure will still be
large.
Now, my experience in this House—and it has
not been brief—has_ satisfied me beyond a doubt
that it is the Administration always which is re-
sponsible for the public expenditure, and not Con-
gress, because extravagance always grows out of
c. xyiiu uicie we wtrre. ?ve were
iher to bring in these bills as they
trike in the dark, as my friend, [Mr.
hairman of the Committee on Mili-
administration. I have been very much grat-
ified in seeing a statement made in the Senate by
the senior Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,}
in which he suys, that when he first came to Con-
fress—thirty years ago—in conversation with Mr.
lacon on this subject, who was one of the most
celebrated economists of his day, he (Mr. M.)
stated that no reform of abuses could ever be made
—that no reduction of the public expenditure could
ever be made without a thorough and hearty co-
operation between, His executive and legislative
branches of Government. I am glad to find to-day
the same sentiments expressed. I am glad to hear
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]  x-
press the aarne sentiments. I was glad, in reading
the speech of my friend from Tennessee, (my col-
league on the Committee of Ways and Means,
Mr. Jones,) who, at the last session, stated that
he should hold me responsible to the country for
the amount of appropriation stated in this written
speech, that no retrenchment, no reform could
take place without a thorough and hearty co-
operation between the legislative and executive
branches of the Government. I desire to submit
a few remarks in reference to this bill. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as this committee al-
ready knows, have attempted to make large reduc-
tions in the expenses of the Army ana Navy.
Early in this session our committee made a format
official call upon the Secretaries of War and Navy,
to furnish us with estimates, based upon a reduc-
tion of the appropriations- Well, after sometime
the replies we received from both Department*
were, that the estimates which were sent in had
already been reduced to the-lowest point to which
they could be reduced without detriment to the
public service. And there we were. We were
compelled either to brin|
were, or to strike '
Bert,] the chair
i tary Affairs, says we have. He is right, to a very
great extent, in that, as far as the Army bill is
concerned. As far as the Navy bill is concerned,
the Secretary of the Navy told us if we were de-
termined upon retrenchment, that it could be better
done in appropriations for docks and yards. In
the Navy bill, the reductions that have been made
have been made at a point he indicated they might
be made with less detriment in his opinion to the
public service. I am bound in candor to say to
this House, that I do not believe that the reduction
we have attempted in this Army bill is going to
j amount to anything. I expressed that opinion to
j the Committee of Ways and Means, ana I repeat
| it here, in the face of this committee and the coure-
! try, because I do not believe that this rate of ex-
penditures will be curtailed by the Administration;
and the result will be that we will have a large de-
fieiency bill at the beginning of the next session of
Congress.
Mr. BURT, (interposing.) If my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] will allow me I would like
to say a word. 1 wish not to say anything fur-
ther than this: that my friend from Virginia wiH
do the committee the justice to say, that although
they reduced the estimates for appropriations, they
did not propose a law for reducing the expendi-
tures of the system.
Mr. BAYLY. We could not do that. It was
no part of the functions- of the Committee of
Ways and Means to introduce a law for the re-
duction of the Army. That belongs properly to
the Military Committee. I will say to my friend
: from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] that a proposi-
I tion to increase the Army was carried over the
! heads of the Committee of Ways and Means.
There would have been some propriety in it, if it
is proper that the Army should be reduced, that
he should propose to carry that reduction. I
have expressed the opinion frequently in this
House, at the last session and in this, that it was
J a most improvident thing to have sent the regi-
; ment of mounted rifles to Oregon, and that it was
' a most improvident thing to have mounted a regi-
ment of infantry in Texas. I think that I have
j said that it was a most improvident thing, in the
state of affairs, to have sent troops to California
at all. In all that, I agreed entirely with my friend
I from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] _
i Sir, I feel it due to the present Administration,
and particularly to my personal friend who pre-
sides over the Department of War, to say that he
has already ordered home the regiment of mounted
i rifles from Oregon. He has ordered them home,
