782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
lina [Mr. Bear] had said he (Mr. T.) struck in the
dark. He desired to know upon what authority
he had made that assertion.
Mr. BURT said he had quoted the gentleman's
own language.
Mr. TOOMBS said if he had struck in the dark
it was the fault of those who possessed the neces- i1
aary information for making a proper discrimina-
tion in the items to be cut down, and would not
furnish them. He did not think we were bound
to give them all they asked, because they had with-
held the light necessary to a proper discrimination
in the matter.
With regard , to reducing the estimates in the
Quartermaster's Department, he would say that he
had investigated the subject thoroughly; he had
given his time to it as much as any other member
of the House, and he believed a great deal more;
and he asserted, without hesitation, that in the ad-
ministration of that Department there was exhibit-
ed such a profligacy and waste of money as was
seldom equalled. If we were not to take the esti-
mates of the committee, what did we want with
the committee? What did we want of Congress ?
Gentlemen had better surrender their seats and go
home.
It was said that the Committee of Ways and ;
Means were talcing too much responsibility upon j
themselves in bringing down this expenditure. |
For one he was willing to take his full share of
that responsibility, and as humble a man as he
was, he would to God that he could take it all.
Mr. HOLMES said he agreed with the gentle- ;
man from Georgia, {Mr. Toombs,] that we ought ]
to be governed by the estimates of our own com- j
mittees, and by the reports of our own committees, •
father than by the estimates of an executive de- j
partinent. But he protested against the use which |
had commenced some years ago under the lead of
* very distinguished gentleman, then chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, that this
Committee on Finance, or Ways and Means,
should absorb the power of all the committees
in this House. They absorb the power of the
Committee of Military Affairs, and, indeed, of all
the committees of investigation in the House; and
what was th^ result ? Why, the members who
were not on that committee must place a great deal
of confidence in the result of their investigations,
and now, after an investigation upon this subject
now before the House, an estimate was brought
in here for a reduction of something like
£2,000,000; and by whom? By the Committee of
Ways and Means, who pride themselves upon
what? Upon showing their financial talents to
reduce expenses. The members of that committee
were worthy men. He appreciated their talents
for investigation. But what were we to do ? We
had intrusted this matter to an important commit-
tee—the Committee on Military Affairs. The
chairman of that committee [Mr. Burt] had told
us, that when the estimates from the War De-
partment were first presented to them, they were
startled at the amount; but when they came to ex-
amine them item by item, they came to the con- i
elusion that these estimates were not too large, j
He-had yet to learn that the Committee of Ways !
and Means could come here and tell this House,!
that to save a certain amount of money, a part of ]
the Army must be withdrawn. If, from informa-
tion in the possession of the Committee of Ways
and Means, they were satisfied of the propriety or i
impropriety of withdrawing a portion of the Army, ;
and that committee told us so, he would be-
lieve them until he had other information to the 1
contrary, but he could not accede to them the right j
of dictating terms to us.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr Toombs] had
told us that he had come to the conclusion that I
the estimates were much too large, and that he
was for reducing them, whatever might be the
consequence; but he (Mr. H.) thought this would !
be a very impolitic measure at this late period of
the session, when we could not possibly investi-
gate the'matter. It was now a question whether I
we were to adopt the estimates of the Committee 1
op Military Affairs and of seven or eight bu- i
reaus, or that of the Committee of Ways and
-Means. For one, he should not hesitate which 1
to adopt.
Mr. JOHN A. KING asked what was the pend-
ing amendment ? i
The CHAIRMAN said it was the amendment ]
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] !
Mr. TOOMBS asked the unanimous consent of
the committee to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. CLEVELAND objected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Toombs's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHN A. KING then moved to increase
the appropriation fifty dollars. He offered the
amendment merely for the purpose of saying a
few words in reply to his friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs.] That gentleman has said that he
(Mr. K.) had decided in favor of the views of the
Committee on Military Affairs, in opposition to ;
those of the Committee of Ways and Means. He ,
did take that position, and he had a right to do it.
Mr. TOOMBS (interrupting) said he under-
stood the gentleman from New York to say that
he took the estimates of the Department against
those of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KING stud that was right. He did
say that, and he would stand by that propo- |
sition, notwithstanding what the gentleman had :
said. He asserted the independence of the Mili- j
tary Committee; they had a right to act upon the !
estimates which were sent to them, so far as they :
properly came within the limits of the business of i
that committee, and they would act upon them. j
Mr. TOOMBS said he now understood the j
gentleman's position. j
Mr. KING said he was glad to hear what he
had to-day heard, for the first time, that the gen- j
tleraan from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] had come to
his conclusions in relation to this matter, from a
thorough investigation of the subject.
Mr. TOOMBS said he had repeatedly told the
gentleman and the House that the Department had
refused to furnish any information on the subject.
He had called upon them and they had refused to j
furnish any information. j
Mr. KING asked the gentleman from Georgia j
whether he had called upon the Department offi-
cially for the purpose of obtaining this information ?
Mr. TOOMBS replied that he did call upon the
Department officially. j
Mr. KING said, alike request was made by the 1
Committee on Military Affairs, and documents
were furnished stating the condition of the Army,
the charge for provisions, the charge for transport-
ation, and all the information which the Depart-
ment eould consistently furnish; and from these
statements a majority of the Military Committee
came to the conclusion that there ought not to be
a diminution of a single dollar in any item con-
nected with that Department'whatever. Our com-
mittee came to the conclusion, not by a direct vote,
as the chairman of that eommittee [Mr. Burt] has
stated, but the matter was fully discussed in the
committee, and we came to the conclusion that the
estimates of the War Department could not be re-
duced. This was the condition in which the mat-
ter now stood.
Mr. CARTTER asked if the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kino] still insisted that the Mili-
tary Committee had ever taken any action upon
this subject?
Mr. KING replied they had not. He had just
stated that the committee did not take a vote upton
it at all, for there was no necessity for any vote.
But this was the opinion of a majority of the
members of that committee.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, said no question
j was finally decided.
i Mr. KING said he knewthere was.not; but, as
! he had before remarked, the committee had inves-
i tigated the matter thoroughly, and although there
| was no vote taken, most of the members of the
I committee came to the conclusion that the amount
| specified in the estimates of the War Department
| was necessary for the support of the Army, and
j we should either be obliged to appropriate it or be
I compelled to pay indemnity for the violation of
I our treaty obligations, in consequence of the want
1 of an efficient Army.
i Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman, I have heard
! from the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Bdrt,] ana I have heard frequently before in this
House, the charge that the Committee of Ways
and Means have usurped the jurisdiction which
belongs to all the committees of Congress. Sir,
we have nothing to do with anything except what
the rules of the House have assigned to us. We
have usurped nothing—we have taken nothing to
ourselves. We have asked for nothing—have been
fighting off the duties of other committees. Some
time since, complaint was made here because we
did not discharge the duties of other committees,
in making an examination into the expenditures
of the different Departments. We have rested
strictly upon the duties given to us. The idea that
these appropriation bills should be distributed
among the different committees—for instance, the
Navy bill to go to the Naval Committee, the Mil-
itary bill to the Military Committee, the Post
Office bill to the Post Office Committee, and the
other bills to other committees, is totally im-
practicable, and would lead to very great incon-
venience indeed. We are charged with the duty
of raising supplies—of providing the ways and
means, and of making appropriations. Does not
every one see that the two things must go together?
How utterly impossible it would be to confide to
one set of committees the duty of making an ap-
propriation of money, and to another committee
the duty of raising it. From the very nature of
things, that committee which raises the means
must make the appropriation. There is no other
mode by which there can be any uniformity or
consistency in our financial action. But, as I be-
fore said, we have usurped nothing.
In respect to the expenditures of this Depart-
ment, I agree with many other gentlemen who
have spoken in the course of this debate, that we
must hold the heads to a strict account. The mis-
chief grows out of the fact, that the Army and
Navy Departments are virtually administered by
men who hold their offices for life—who preserve
their esprit de corpt—whose whole sympathy is
for their service—who are constantly striving to
increase it in all its departments, not only in the
pay, but in everything else. You get gentlemen
at the head of the Navy or Army Departments,
and they will be comparatively children m' the
hands of these old heads of Bureaus, who have
their esprit de corps. There will be no remedy
until the vigilance of the country is thoroughly and
actively awakened in regard to this matter. I am
not makingwar upon this Administration, or upon
any other Administration. The whole system is
radically wrong, and the vigilance of the country
must be awakened in reference to it. Sir, who
ever heard of propositions for reform and retrench-
ment coming from these Departments? It is, Give,
give, give—increase, increase, .increase. That is
the cry that goes from one to another; and I do
hope, that during the debate which has occurred
here upon this subject in this House, that the Vigi-
lance of the country will be awakened in regard
to this subject. I expect that nothing can be ef-
fected now, and 1 am not visionary enough to be-
lieve in that. We are only now beginning the
war which is to end in a reform.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the committee
rise, in order to enable him to make a motion to
stop debate; but he withdrew his motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Klire's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. CLEVELAND said lie had an amendment
to offer. He moved to reduce the amount to
$500,000.
Mr. C. said: I rise for the purpose of calling
the attention of the committee for a moment to a
consideration of the claim set up here by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Bdrt,] and
especially the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
King.] I ask the attention of the eommittee to
the claim upon which they rest this amendment—
doubling the amount of appropriation recom-
mended by the Commfttee of Ways and Means.
If the gentleman understood 
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I rise to a question
of order. There are many points in this bill that
I desire to see discussed, and I shall insist upon
the enforcement of the rule, that gentlemen con-
fine themselves to explanations of the amendments
which they propose.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I believe I was proceed-
ing in order.
Mr. CABELL. I insist upon my point of or-
der; and the point of order which I make is this,
that it is not in order for the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Cleveland] to discuss the relative
merits of the two committees, the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Committee of Ways and
Afc&ns
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not feel
himself called upon to sustain^ie point of order
raised by the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Cab-
