734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
cbanrtcr at troop* employed on tb« western frontier to |
the reduced r-lim*tr—«uk>ti tilling light infantry service
lor cavalry *ni -ami sub.«ti«iti n* tor the ordinary ration
in kind iwii provision* n.« may be Wfuml in the retion
wtirre th<* troop* are stauoned, ib« sonic to be such as arc
icuuid surticufnl for the uouri^Jmifnl and support of the
tr«iO(>.-., i:'. in hi.< judgment, sue h inodiiii-ation of existing or-
fani ration -batl oc rendered m'CM«nrv by this reduction of
appropriation or by tbe wnaiHts of the occasion."
Mr. McL. said: Now that the committee hare
passed upon the sum that shall be appropriated
fir the Quartermaster's Department, and has ex-
pressed itself in favor of reducing the amount of
that sum, I propose to offer an amendment which
is in conformity with the views that 1 addressed
to the committee previous to the recess this morn-
ing. We shall, if this amendment is adopted, put
it in the power of the Secretary of War to make
such modifications as in his judgment the public
Rervice will permit of, to enable him, in good faith,
to execute your laws. We have chosen, and we
have a right to choose, what sum we will appro-
priate; it should now he left with the Executive
to apply the sum thus appropriated in such a
manner as shall most conduce to the public ben-
efit.
This amendment does not impose any obligation
lipon the Secretary to disband any of the cavalry;
but there is a permission accorded to him, that if
he believes that the appropriations contained in
your bill are insufficient to maintain and carry on
a cavalry force, he shall have power to substitute
such force as he thinks advisable and efficient.
As I have said, I do not believe that a cavalry
force is the force that is best fitted to govern and
control the frontiers: in my opinion an infantry
force is far better every way for such a service.
It is well known that a cavalry force cannot travel
more than about twenty miles in a day; but s. well-
disciphned, well-built, active light infantry could
trav« thirty, thirty-five, and forty miles in .a day.
However, this discussion as to the preference
'which 1 think ought to be given to infantry over
cavalry is altogether incidental. The amendment
does not in any way obligate the Secretary of
War to make any change, but gives him a per-
mission to effect such a modification as he may
please.  
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Maryland if the Secretary
of War has not even now the power to effect such ,
a change as he may desire ? [
Mr. McLANE. He has not. He must follow '
the directions of Congress. He cannot change a
cavalry force into an infantry at will, and he must
furnisn everything that is necessary for this cav-
alry.
Mr. HALL inquired if the Secretary of War
was under any obligation to feed the horses of the
United States troops in any particular manner?
Was he compelled to furnish corn, and prohibit
the use of grass? If he could not furnish corn,
would not the horses be able to subsist on grass ?
Mr. McLANE. No doubt, Mr. Chairman, if
the Quartermaster does not furnish the troops with
corn for their horses, the horses will eat grass.
But the committee must observe that, supposing
the cost of maintaining the cavalry force should be
much above the sum appropriated, it is-our duty
to give the permission I wish to accord to the
Secretary of War, in order that we may properly
share the responsibility with him. If yourappro-
priations are retrenched, I think it but just you
should adopt this course.
Mr. BAYLY opposed the amendment. He said:
I desire to say a few words in reference to some
remarks that the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania {Mr. Stevens] lias addressed to the
committee. That gentleman considers that this
effort to reduce the appropriations is virtually and
deliberately a withdrawal of confidence from the
Administration. Now, Mr. Chairman, that gen-
tleman ought to recollect that this enormous ex-
penditure in the Quartermaster's Department has
grown not out of the measures of this Administra-
tion, to which he is opposed, but out of the waste-
fulness of one of which he was a supporter. So
much for this point.
* In relation to the remarks of the gentleman from
Maryland, (Mr. McLank,] I may say, sir, that
this matter of mounted infantry has proved a dead
failure. The sending of these mounted rifles, and
other mounted infantry forces, to Oregon and Cal-
ifornia, has been in the main the cause of this ,
great expenditure, of which there has justly been ij
ao much complaint made in this House. It is these
tilings which the present head oC the War De-
jMurtiueiit is trying (as 1 showed this morning) to
correct, lam glad that he is attempting to correct,
and I do not care, as a representative of the peo-
ple, whether this is an expression ot° a want of
confidence in the Administration or not. We have
a right to inquire into this matter; indeed, it is our
duly to do it. If we believe that any branch of
the public service is incurring expenses that the
exigencies of the service do not require, and do
not authorize, it is our duty, as representatives of
the people, to point it out and attempt to avert it.
Ana for one, sir, I shall, when any arm of the
public service may be, in my opinion, incurring
too great an expenditure, whether thu increased
expenditure may have been incurred in the Army
or in the Navy, I shall, without any reference
whatever to ceusuring or supporting any Admin-
istration, discharge my duty as a representative of
the people.
Air. BRECK moved to amend Mr. McLane'i
amendment by striking out the whole of it, together
with £.630,000 in tiie bill,and inserting $1,000,000
in lieu thereof. He said the only question before
the committee is, what is the proper amount for us
to appropriate. W e are told here that the Admin-
istration are dictating to us. What, sir! The
committee of this House call upon the executive
departments for estimates that the House may
judge what amount will be sufficient, and we are
told that responding to that call is dictation! I do
not understand any gentleman here to contend that
we are bound by the estimates furnished to us by
the executive departments. But it is our duty
to ascertain whether an appropriation is right—
whether it is too large or too small. I ask any gen-
tleman to tell me what item there is in the estimates
of the Department that is too large? Do you want
to starve our gallant soldiers on the frontiers? Are
you not willing to defend the country which their
valor has acquired ?
Sir, I am for liberal appropriations for our Army.
I am for providing for our gallant troops liberally
and generously. 1 dislike this little petty-larceny
complaining that we feed them too well and clothe
them too warmly and comfortably. Now the
question with me is between the Committee of
Ways and Means and the Military Committee. It
is the special duty of the Committee on Military
Affairs to ascertain what sum will be sufficient;
but the Committee of Ways and Means come in
here and say that the Committee on Military
Affairs do not understand this matter; that they
understand it better than tliat committee does, and
that they have cut down the estimates from
$1,260,000 to $630,000. I go, sir, for the commit-
tee whose business it is to investigate this matter,
and I am willing to sustain them. The estimates
of the Department are but a small fraction over the
amount actually expended last year.
Mr. CARTTER, (interrupting.) I wish mere-
lv to suggest to the gentleman from Kentucky that
the Military Committee have made no report.
Mr. JOHN A. KING. They report to this
House by their chairman.
Mr. BRECK. I understood the chairman of
the Militury Committee to say that $1,260,000 is
the sum that they acquiesced in, as being neces-
sary.
Mr. CARTTER. That is his opinion ap an
individual.
Mr, BRECK. I do -not know whether any
formal report has been made; but that is my un-
derstanding of the matter, and I am willing to sus-
tain the Military Committee; but at the same time
I am ready to make a compromise between the
two sums which have been proposed, and hence
I offer this amendment.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr
Breck.] The committee had but recently voted
down one proposition for an increase of this item,
and he had fullv concurred in that proposed in-
crease. He did not see any better reason that the
sum should be increased to $1,000,000, since the
committee had determined by a previous vote to
cut down to $630,000. The estimates of the
Department showed that the sum required was
$1,260,000, and if that sum were to be reduced at
all, it might just as well be cut down altogether.
If the object was to cut down in a manner that
appeared to him reckless, and to proceed from a
desirp to effect a decreased expenditure than from
^ a real and apparent necessity, on the score that
the expenditure itself wus not necessary to the
support ot the Army, he would let the House pro-
ceed in the accomplishment of its object us fur us
it might desire, and take the responsib.lity of the
results of such a reduction. The House had un-
doubtedly a right to reduce the expenditures as it
might determine; but it was equally its duty to
share the responsibility with the Executive. It
was evident that the House did not rely upon the
estimates of the Department; that it considered
that they were not correct, nor based upon reliable
data. He only desired that if the reduction was
made that the House would bear its part of the
responsibility. If the reduction were made, and
the amount appropriated were then found to be
insufficient to the proper maintenance of the Army,
he trusted that a discretionary power would be
given to the Executive to effect such changes in
the Army as might be calculated to lessen its
necessary and present expensed The frontiers
must be protected, and defence afforded to all the
citizens of the United States; and if this were to
be done in an efficient manner, a proper and uinple
appropriation must be made—Congress had no
j right to deny such appropriation as would ac-
! complish the object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair finds that he
had misapprehended the character of the amend-
| ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, and now
| rules it out of order.
| Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the committee
I rise, with a view to terminate debate by suspend-
ing the five minutes rule.
Mr. BURT hoped that the gentleman would not
make that motion now, but that there would be
no further controversy about the estimates of the
I Committee of Ways and Means. For one, hedid
not mean to raise any further contest; but should
, submit to the judgment of the committee. He
| thought, however, that there were other items in
, the bill which ought to be cut down.
I Mr. CLINGMAN said that he would insist on
, his motion, with a view of ascertaining the sense
of the majority.
i The question was then taken on Mr. Clino-
: man's motion, and it was not agreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
, The question was then taken on Mr. McLane'i
I amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the bill by
inserting after line thirty-nine the following:
Provided, That in all cases in which the appropriations
granted by this act are of less amount than the estimates for
like items, mode by the Secretary of War, and communi-
cated by the Secretary of the Treasury to Congress at the
present session, it shall be lawful for the President, and he
is hereby authorized, to reduce, by discharge of officers and
soldiers, or otherwise at his discretion, the military force of
the oouotry, so as to bring the necessary expenditures tliere-
fer, and tbr each item thereof, within the limits of these
appropriations.
Mr. S. addressed the committee as follows: Mr.
Chairman, if I am not mistaken, that will test the
disposition of the House to carry out the proposed
reform. The amendment, it seems to me, ex-
plains its own object, without many remarks be-
ing necessary. Under our laws, the Executive
has submitted his estimates and asked for certain
appropriations for maintaining the military force
of the country. Without data, without investiga-
tion, without materials from which to make up
your opinion, groping in the dark, because some
of the items in these appropriations seem to be
large, you say that you will cut them down in the
proportion of one half, or more. That, sir, is
saying to the Executive: "We require you by
law to keep up a force of twelve thousand men,
and it is your duty, under the law, to have esti-
mated to us the amount of money necessary to
keep up that force We believe you can do it for
half the money you ask for. The iosue is made
up between you and us, and we require you to
do it for halt the money." Now this is dealing
1 unfairly with the Executive. For you will have
a force of twelve thousand men, and yet you only
provide enough to feed six thousand. You ought
to cut down the force to six thousand. M!y
amendment simply proposes, that where the ap-1
propriation falls short of the sum required by the
wants of the Army, the Executive shall be au-
thorized to dismiss officers and soldiers so as to
reduce the military force within the limits which
the sum appropriated will sustain. There is
nothing unreasonable in that. If gentlemen really
