1851.
TWE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
wish to reduce the military force of the country,
let them not, groping in the dark, cut down item
after item, without reference to the data on which
the item is founded, hut let them take the bull by
the horns, meet the issue presented fairly, openly, :
manfully, without any disguise or equivocation,
and say that it is the determination of this House
to have the military force of the country reduced.
But do not call upon the Executive to maintain
the military force upon one half of the money
which he says is necessary, and above all, do not
do this when you have made no inquiry, and
when you have no data, such as he nas acted
upon in communicating these facta to the House.
When I speak of the Executive, I speak not
merely of the Quartermaster General—as the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has said—
but of the head of the Executive—of the Presi-
dent himself. It is idle to talk about these being
the estimates of the Quartermaster General. He
is but a subordinate in the office of the Secretary
of War. He submits his estimates to the Secre-
tary of War, and the Secretary of War submits
them to the supervision, either actual or nominal,
of the President. The President, at all events, is
responsible. They are not the estimates of the
■ Quartermaster General, or of the Secretary of
War, but of the President himself; and if you cut
down the amount asked for by him, to one half,
at least authorize him to reduce the force, so as to
bring it within the means provided. That is
meeting the question fairly and directly, and it is
with a view of testing the sense of the House that
I offer this amendment.
Mr.McGAUGHEY was opposed to the amend- |
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. They were
appropriating for the support of the Army for the
coming fiscal year, and that Army could, in the
opinion of the larger portion of the committee, be
supported at a less sum than was asked for by the
Department. The amendment of the gentleman
had apparently the same object in view with the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLase,] and that having been -voted down, he ;
did not suppose that the amendment now offered
would receive a much more favorable support, i
Congress would meet the responsibility that the (
gentleman seemed to think that it shrank from: ]
and having appropriated so much for the support
of its Army as it deemed to be amply sufficient, it
would be perfectly willing to account to the coun-
try for the manner in which it afforded it protec-
tion. The country required no soldiers, except
for the defence of its frontiers from the attacks of
the wild Indians, and perhaps it might be a mat-
ter of some dispute, wnether or not the same In-
dians would not be more effectually subdued and
controlled by a different policy—a policy that, by
rendering the American people necessary to them 1
for their own comfort ana subsistence, would unite
them by ties far more enduring and powerful than
any that could be created by a compulsory policy.
The Army was large enough, if it was not already ■
too large, and he thought that the sum proposed to
be appropriated for its support was amply sufficient.
A large and unemployed Army was an incubus
upon the energies of a people that should not be
suffered, nor would a free people long tolerate it.
He was, however, perfectly willing to go for any
appropriations that were shown to be absolutely
necessary to the support of that Army in a state
of efficiency.
It had been said, that probably, if the surplus :
sum asked for over and above the sum that Congress ;
proposed to appropriate were not granted, that
sum would go into the deficiency bill of the next
year. If it did, doubtless Congress, if it felt
that it was unnecessary, would put it out; at any I
rate the reduction might be made, and the experi-
ment tried, whether the Army could not be sup- i
ported in an efficient state at a less expensive cost
to the country.
Mr. MEAuE offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
"And that such reduction shall take place in that portion
of the Army east of the Mississippi river."
Mr. M. said that the expenditures of the Army
had been very great, and had been gradually
increasing. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] in arguing just now in favor of the
expenditure, asked whether the executive Depart-
ment had said that the Department should bring j
its expenditure within the limits of the appropria- ;
tions made. This had been, he believed, too j
much the policy of the Department; and if the ap-
propriations were double what they asked for,
doubtless they would just succeed in bringing the
'expenditures within tlie amount of the appropria-
tions.
Mr. SCHENCK (interposing) said that he
trusted the gentleman from Virginia would allow
him to correct a remark he had made in speaking
of what he (Mr. S.) had said. He had used the
word necessary, when required that expenditures
should be brought within the limits of the appro-
Eriation. He (Mr. S.) had offered his amendment
ecause the estimates presented by the Executive
were based upon data in their possession, whilst
the House was proceeding to legislate without
any data whatever, because gentlemen supposed
that the appropriations asked for were too much.
Mr. MEADE (in continuation) said that the
gentleman was mistaken—the House was not pro-
ceeding without data. Estimates of a most reliable
and evidently correct and impartial character, had
been submitted to the committee. It had been
shown that the expenses of the Army had been
steadily increasing from about $,200 to aboutfl,000
per man. Such an increase justified a rigid ih-
quiry into the causes and necessity for such an
increase. Mr. M. was proceeding with his re-
marks, but gave way to
Mr. BAYLY, who, with a view of stopping de-
bate and passing the bill, moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose.
And the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution to suspend the
five minutes rule on the army appropriation bill.
Mr. SWEETSER objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to introduce the resolution.
The motion was agreed to, and the rules were
suspended.
The question recurred on the resolution to sus-
pend the <ve minutes rule, and, being taken, the
resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. BAYLY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and resumed the consideration of the army appro-
priation bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Meade's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Schenck's
amendment.
Mr. EVANS called for tellers, but tellers were
not ordered.
And the question being taken, the amendment
was rejected on a division—ayes 33, noes not
counted.
Mr. EVANS moved to strike out from the 75th
to the 87th line, as follows:
" For constructing, repairing, and enlarging barracks,
quarters, hospitals, storehouses, stables, wharves and ways
at the several posts and army depots, for temporary canton-
ment**, and the authorized furniture for the barracks, moms
of non-coiumissioned officers and soldiers, gun-houses for
the protection of cannon, including the necessary tools and
materials for the objects enumerated, and for rent of quar-
ters and offices for officers, and barracks and hospitals for
troops, where there are no public buildtngsfor theiraccom-
modation, for storehouses for the safe keeping of military
stores, and of grounds for Summer cantonments and en-
campments, $400,000."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EVANS moved to strike out the words
" one million," in the 111th line, and insert " five
hundred thousand "in lieu thereof, in the paragraph
making appropriation for the transportation of the
army.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BURT moved to strike out lines 114 and
115, as follows: "For armament of fortifications,
$100,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHCENIX moved to insert after line 115,
making appropriation for armament of fortifica-
tions, the following:
" For the repair of Fort Columbus, officers' quarters, and
barracks, and the sea-wall of Castle William, on Gover-
nor's Island, #10,000."
Mr. P. asked for the reading of a letter to show
the necessity of the appropriation.
Several Members objected.
Mr. JONES raised a point of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, offered the follow1-
ing amendment, to come in between lines 115 and
116:
" For fortifications at Key West, Florida, $75,000; and
for fortifications on Florida Reef, Garden Key, fja0,000."
Mr. SWEETSER raised a point of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. CABELL appealed from the decision of
the Chair; and
The question being taken, " Shall the decision
ef the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. BURT moved to insert after line 124, the
following:
" Provided, That the Secretary of War be authorized and
required to issue and deliver to such State and Territorial
authorities as may make application for the same, the re-
peating pistols most approved by the Ordnance Department,
to tl>« extent that said State or Territory may be entitled
under the appropriation for arms made in conformity to
law."
Mr. B. would be glad to state that this amend-
ment was recommended by the Ordnance Bureau.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment,
by adding thereto the following:
" Provided they have such arms on hand, belonging to the
Government."
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, it was adopted.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended, it was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. PARKER moved to insert the following
after the paragraph making appropriation for the
support of the armory at Harper's Ferry:
" Provided, That from and after the 1st day of July next,
so much of the act of Congress, approved August 23,1842,
as places the Harper's Ferry armory under the superintend-
ence of an officer of the ordnance corps, shall be, and the
same is hereby, repealed; and from that day the said armory
shall be under that system of superintendence which ex-
isted prior to the passage of said act of Congress."
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. PARKER moved to insert the following
after line 126:
"Jtnd provided, further, That no person employed at the
national armories shall be dismissed from his employment,
except such dismissal be in writing, signed by the superin-
tendent, or person in charge of the armory, and setting forth
the true cause for such dismissal."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to insert the follow-
ing, to come in after the paragraph appropriating
for, the armory at Springfield:
" Provided, That the provisions of the act, approved 28th
September, 1850, increasing the pay and emolument of the
principal assistant in the Ordnance Bureau of the War
Department, be extended to the principal assistant in the
Bureau of the Chief Engineer of the War Department."
Mr. BAYLY made a question of order against
the amendment; and
The amendment was ruled out of order.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the following items
were stricken from the bill:
" For surveys in reference to military defences of the fron-
tier, inland, and Atlantic, $15,000.
" For military and geographical surveys west of the Mis-
sissippi, $30,000."
Mr. BURT moved to'strike the following item
from the bill:
" For continuing the surveys of the northern and north-
western lakes, $25,000."
Mr. FITCH moved an amendment to the amend-
ment, providing additional appropriation for the
survey of the lakes and Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The question was then taken by tellers on the
amendment of Mr. Bcrt, (Messrs. Fitch and
Savage acting,) and decided in the negative—ayes
69, noes 56. . ^
Mr. BURT moved to strike out the following
item:
" For a survey of the harbor of Mobile, in reference to its
improvement, .$5,000."
Mr. ALSTON made an appeal to the commit-
tee to allow him to present some views why this
item should be retained.
