1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
art shall not be construed to affect in any maimer the saits
now pending in the courts of the U uited States between the
Government and the owners of private land claims in said
Stale, which shall be proceeded with to a final decision in
the same manner as if this act had not passed. ;
Mr. DOWNS. 1 move to amend the bill by i
adding at the end of it the following:
" And all eitiaens of the State halding, at the time of the
passage of this act, or who may hereafter obtain bounty
-land warrants under the existing laws, for services rendered
by thein, or purchased to secure their settlements, or a
homestead in Ike State, shall retain -the same right to locate
Raul warrants on the land ceded by this act as if the same 1
had not passed."
Although this will restrict the operation of the
■bill, I think it just not to prevent the location of,
bounty land warrants within the State. It will
greatly lessen the grant, but -still 1 would not pre-
vent persons who wish to secure their homesteads
from doing so.
Mr. "WALKER. I think an amendment is
necessary to the amendment. Its effect will be to
make land warrants assignable se far as citizens
of Louisiana are concerned. I think the words
*'or purchased" should be stricken out of the
amendment. .
Mr. DOWNS. This will not affect the trans- 1
fer of land warrants at all. It leaves them exactly
as they now are. There is one species of land
warrants which are now transferable, and many
of them have been transferred. The amendment
-of course will only apply to such cases. It does .
not alter the law on the subject. I
Mr. "WALKER. Suppose one of the last issues |
of warrants was purchased by a citizen of Louisi- j
ana: would not this Authorize him to locate it?
Mr. DOWNS. The amendment of course only
applies to those warrants which may now be le-
gally purchased.
Mr. WALKER. As it is a matter which con-
cerns- the Senator's own State, I shall not dis-
«uss it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER said: If I understand this bill,
it grants all the lands in the State of Louisiana. ;
It seems to me a pretty large business, and I
should like te know upon what ground it is done.
Mr. DOWNS. The precise quantity of lands
in Louisiana I cannot state; but all that are at all
available are, I think, very nearly twenty-nine
millions of acres.
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator will allow me,
I can give the exact amount of unsold lands. It
is thirty-two millions eight hundred and fifty-four
thousand acres.
Mr. DOWNS. That quantity, however, is re-
duced very greatly by laws already passed by
Congress. The bill passed in 1849, and another
bill extending that law, passed at the last session
of Congress, granting swamp lands to the States,
■embrace a large portion of the unsold lands in
Louisiana. The amount remaining is not yet
ascertained, but is being ascertained at the Land
Office. An approximate idea of it may be had by
looking at this map, [holding up to the view of
the Senate a large map of Louisiana,] upon which
the swamp lands are colored, although it must be
borne in mind that a great deal of land is entered
within that. I have a statement here which comes
as near, I think, as any document we have to the
amount of lands which are worth anything—for
there are a great many lands upon the southern
border of the State which are sea-marsh and irre-
claimable, and ought not to be taken into account.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office, in
his report to the Secretary of the Interior, recent-
ly made on this subject, says:
" Of the lands which will remain the property of the
Government, after the swamp and overflowed lands, grant-
ed by the act of 2d March, 1849, shall have been certified
to the State, it is estimated—
That 4,700,000 acres have been in market 10 years.
That 949,413 acres have been in market 30 years.
That 2,000,000 acres have been in market 30 yean.
This is exclusive of the lands in the Greensburg district.
The reason for excluding these lands from this statement
is, that they cannot be classified with the other public lands,
the whole of the surveys having been reported as fraudu-
lent in 1837, and a resurvey of the lands and the refunding
of the money ordered lor those which had been sold by the
act of 29tb August, 1842."
The 4,721,130 acres of private land claims un-
adjusted in the State, ana 257,277 acres granted
by the act of 1841 yet unlocated, might be an off-
set against the unappropriated land in Greensburg
district, if it were not sufficient to say that the re-
survey of it would be worth more than What re-
mains unappropriated.
I When we consider that the length of the gulf
1 and lake coast in Louisiana is one thousand and
! -fifty miles, where the sea-marsh is more than an
average of a mile wide, which is perfectly worth-
less, and examine the map which accompanies the
report, showing the extent of the swamp lands,
and reflect that all, except the more valueless lands,
were long since brought into market, it may fairly
be assumed that the quantity mentioned in this
extract (7,649,413 acres) is the whole amount of
the cession embraced by the bill that is of any
value, all of which has been in market more than
ten years, and much of it for more than thirty. !
In the remarks which I delivered to the Senate
on a former occasion, I read from the report of
the Commissioner, showing that these lands are i
of a very inferior quality, from which all the lands
of any real value have long since been selected and
entered, and proceeded to show that it would be i
to the advantage of the General Government to
cede ail these unappropriated lands to the State. |
i I will mention, in addition to this, the fact that j
i it has been found that the annual expense of the j
Government in administering the public lands |
' in Louisiana, in a series of years, amounts to
about $90,000, while the sales have been upon an
average about the same amount; so that really for
several years past, the United States have not re-
ceived anything. But upon looking at the last
, report of the Commissioner of the Land Office on
this subject, I find that the amount of sales has
: been only about thirty-five thousand acres, being
much less than heretofore; and there seems to be
very little demand there for the location of bounty
land warrants.
I will state, also, that the lands have been in the
• market, some of them for forty -six years. Our
lands are all extreme in their qualities. They are
| either very good or very inferior. The good lands
! have all been selected and purchased long ago;
I they are all taken up by private claimants. All
I that remains is the land of very little value. I re-
gard the grant, as far as' the value of the land is
concerned, as of comparatively little importance,
i But a great object, in addition to the value of the
1 land, is that the State may have it in their own
hands, and may be able to settle the private land
I claims which have been standing for half a cen-
tury, and which amount to upwards of four mil-
lions of acres. I shall not go into the general con-
! sideration of the great object of the bill, which Jp
jto enable the State to prevent the overflow of the
! Mississippi. I will mention, however, the fact,
j that nearly |3,000,000 have been received by the
United States for lands sold in Louisiana, which
I, were worthless until reclaimed by our levees.
; This grant, therefore, is by no means even a rec-
ompense for the benefit actually conferred by the
State of Louisiana upon the United States.
! I hope, then, sir, that the bill will be permitted
1 to pass. It relieves the United States immediately
of all expense in the management of those lands.
Thereisalargeportionof it which the Government
, is about to resurvey, the expense of which will
not be met by the sale of the lands for one hundred
' years to come. It has already been stated, that
in consequence of the great number of land war-
rants issued, probably some fifteen years would
' elapse before the United States would realize cash
' receipts from the sales of lands. However this
1 may be in other States, when we consider the
■ great length of time these lands in Louisiana have
been in the market, and that the good lands have
been exhausted long ago, there can be no doubt
] that the Government would realize very little for
' many years from the State of Louisiana—probably
not half of the expenses. The State can manage
. the lands at a much less expense than the United
] States. There is no need of surveying the lands,
which are totally worthless; and the State can
more easily than the United States ascertain what
lands are useless. This is a grant in which the
! State feels a great interest, and one which is fair,
just, and equitable. The principle involved in the
I bill is the same as that of the bill passed in 1849,
j which was approved by Mr. Polk, as consistent a
] Democrat as any man. There can be no doubt as
to the constitutionality of it. I believe the United
States will be benefited by making this grant,
i while it will be advantageous to Louisiana. It is
I entirely in harmony with the general subject of the
j distribution of the lands. The very able report of
II the Committee on Public Lands at the last session
ii respecting the final disposition of all the public
lands which had been long in the market, and from
which the good lands had been taken out, recom-
mends that after a series of years the lands should
be ceded to the States. That committee, finding
this bill perfectly in accordance with that general
principle, reported favorably upon it. The sub-
agent sent out to examine the lands, and who is
on the spot, recommends it in a report which he
has sent to the Land Office. So that, from every
consideration, it seems to me that the grant ought
to be made. If there is to be any doubt at all upon
the subject, it would seem to be whether Louisiana
would accept the grant. I really think, therefore,
' that the cession ought to be made.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the organi-
zation of the American Republic is a political
anomaly. Aneient and modern States, rudely
constituted within narrow limits, have aggrand-
ized themselves by colonies and conquests while
passing through various revolutions of govern-
ment; but the world has never-before seen a State
assume a perfect organization in its very beginning,
and extend itself over a large portion of a great
continent without conquests, without colonies, and
without undergoing any change of constitution.
The success of Portugal and of the Netherlands
' in planting profitable commercial colonies in the
East Indies, in the fifteenth and sixteenth centu-
ries, stimulated nearly all the European States to
attempt to secure similar advantages, by exploring
and appropriating to themselves portions of the
New World then known as the Western Indies.
Spain, Britain, and France divided between them-
selves nearly all North America. Each of these
kingdoms, however, pursued a policy so rigorous
as to hinder the growth of thecolonies it planted.
The United States, in the revolution of 1776,
supplanted Great Britain in sovereignty over the
region lying between the St. Lawrence and Louisi-
ana, and stretching from the Atlantic coast to the
banks of the Mississippi.
The conquering States, practically independent
of each other, were embarrassed by conflicting
boundaries. The controversy was magnanimously
ended by an agreement that each should release its
claim of unappropriated territory for the common
use and benefit.
New York led the way, and ceded her claims,
as well of" political jurisdiction "as " of the right 1
of soil," " to be and inure to the use and benefit
of such of the United States as should become
members of the Federal alliance of the said States,
and for no other use or purpose whatsoever."
Virginia claimed the broad region lying north-
west of the Ohio, and relinquished it in 1785, with
a declaration that it should " be considered as a
' common fund for the use and benefit of such of
' the United States as have become or shall be-
' come members of the Confederation or Federal
' Alliance of the said States, (Virginia inclusive,)
' according to their usual and respective propor-
• tions in the general charge and expenditure, and
' shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed of for
' that purpose, and for no other use or purpose
' whatsoever."
Massachusetts soon afterwards released to the
United States, "for their benefit, Massachusetts
inclusive."
Connecticut conveyed, in 1786, in the same
form.
South Carolina, in 1787, ceded, "for the benefit
of the United States, South Carolina inclusive."
North Carolina, in 1790, conveyed by a deed
containing the same declaration which had been
used by Virginia; and Georgia completed the title
of the United States by a cession on the same terms,
attended with other stipulations which are not now
important.
The Constitution of the United States, adopted
in the course of this great transaction, sanctioned,
it as follows: .
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to the United States; and nothing
in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice
any claims of the United StateB orof any particular State."
Art. 14, sec. 3.
The Continental Congress had previously adopt-
ed the ordinance of 1787, by which they estab-
lished a government in the Northwestern Territory,
and provided for its future subdivision into States.
With a view to that great political purpose, the
Constitution declared that "new States may be
admitted by the Congress into this Union."—
Art. 5, sec. 3.
