1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQftE.
m
Nevertheless, the practicability of such a policy,
and its harmony with other national interests, are
as yet by no means generally admitted. The first
objection which it encounters is the economical
one that it would be unwise to give aw at the pub-
lic lands. But the property g-ipen would remain
with the giro- after the gift, aria would be enhanced
in usefulness to himself by the gift. All that we
should git* away by surrendering the public do-
main would be the revenue that might be derived
from sales. The honorable Senator from Michigan
pathetically asks, what new fountain shall be opened
to supply the deficiency, if this one be closed ?
And has it come to this, sir, that the Federal Gov-
ernment, charged with only the burthens of na-
tional defence, of commerce, and of arbitrament
between the States, while absolutely relieved from
all responsibilities of municipal and domestic ad-
ministration, yet enjoying unlimited power of in-
direct, as well as of even direct taxation, cannot
sustain itself, in a season of profound peace, with-
out consuming the patrimony of the States? Sir,
I answer the Senator's inquiry: The resource to
supply the deficiency of a million and a quarter
of dollars will be found in retrenchment of the ex-
penses of administration.
A Senator. Will this Government ever re-
trench ? Does the Senator from New York expect
this Government to retrench ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; jiot while the revenue
remains full. Reduce the revenue a million and a
quarter, or even five millions, and you will find
the expenses of theGovernmentaccomodate them-
selves to the reduction; raise the revenue to a hun-
dred millions, and you will find the expenses ad-
just themselves to that standard. Sir, if you are
ever to have retrenchment, you must begin with
reducing taxation. And where can you begin so
well as with the taxation upon the privilege of
cultivating the national estate? But, sir, we shall
have no such deficiency of revenue to supply.
Alarms of an exhausted Treasury are continually
sounded here, while die revenues received under a
system of imposts, which in many respects is most
unwise, annually exceed all estimates of adminis-
tration.
Last year the Secretary of the Treasury pre-
dicted a deficiency of sixteen millions of dollars,
and yet no deficiency at all occurred. The reve-
nues for the present year are equally prosperous,
and they will never be less prosperous while we
are at peace, as I hope we shall always be; for
the wealth and industry of the country are con-
stantly increasing and expanding. I know, in-
deed, that revenue is liable to be affected by fluctu-
ations of trade; but such disturbances are only
occasional and temporary.
The Senator from Michigan exaggerates the
prodigality of what he calls toe giving away of the
domain, by stating that it cost seventy-five millions
of dollars—equivalent to twenty-two cents per
acre, or thirty-two dollars and twenty cents for
each farm of one hundred and sixty acres.
And from such premises as these he argues that
it would cost thirty-five millions of dollars to give
away the public lands lying in Wisconsin, Iowa,
Michigan, Missouri, and Minnesota. Sir, I do
not understand exactly the basis of the Senator's
estimate of the cost of the domain, but 1 can, nev-
ertheless j safely pronounce his Speculations entire-
ly fallacious. If the cost of the revolutionary
war, the cost of the long controversy with France
which ended in the purchase of Louisiana, the cost
of all the Indian wars, and the cost pf the late war
with Mexico, all of which were in some degree
connected with the acquisition of the public domain,
should be included in the estimate, the entire cost
of the public lands would be seven hundred mil-
lions, instead of seventy-five millions of dollars.
If, on the other hand, the expense account be
credited with all the national benefits, financial,
commercial, and political, which have been secured,
the domain would be discharged from all indebted-
ness whatever to the Treasury.
Sir, the acquisition of the domain, whatever
was its cost, is a transaction completed, ended,
past. The value of the domain is what it is worth
now, not what it cost.
Mr. President, the question of such a disposition
of the public lands as I have suggested is entirely
.misapprehended. It is not whether we shall relin-
quish a revenue of one and a quarter millions.
The revenue has ceased, and the fountain from
which it flowed is dried up already.
We have by various acts, passed within the last
ten years, given up seventy-eight millions nine hun-
dred and thirty-two thousand five hundred and
thirteen acres, which are now in market, and
I coming into market, and which must be taken off
from the hands of States and individuals before
! your own sales can be renewed. The Secretary
' of the Treasury assures us that the revenue from-
the public domain is suspended by this legislation
for a period of sixteen years.
Sir, a revenue that is suspended for sixteen years
has practically ceased forever. The Senator from
Michigan, perplexed with this argument, reviews
the Treasury estimates, and reduccs the period of
exhaustion to eight years. |
Sir, 1 say, then, to the Senator, that he has not
changed the case.
! A national revenue that is suspended for eight
; years has practically ceased forever. But, sir,
neither the Senator from Michigan, nor even the
( Secretary of the Treasury, has estimated the pe-
riod of exhaustion at its full length. Congress is
annually making new appropriations. Tne Sen-
ate has at this session passed an act disposing of
ten millions of acres.
We all hope that that act will become a law, al-
though its effect would be to add at least five years
to the term for which the revenue from the do-
main is suspended. Let us, then, apprehend the
emergency as it is, and act accordingly. The do-
main no longer yields nor will ever again yield a
revenue. Since its financial benefits have ceased,
let us no longer dispose of it by impulse and ca-
price, not to say by partiality or favor, but let
us so dispose of it as to secure political and social
benefits to the whole Union.
• It is objected that the domain is pledged to pub-
: lie creditors. The debt charged upon the domain
is 027,935,350—a debt which is rapidly diminish-
ing, awl, if we practice economy, will have disap-
peared, by the appliance of revenues from customs
alone, long before the public domain will yield a
dollar for even thepayment of the interest on it. But
if it be necessary to hold the public domain liable
for the debt, we may properly set apart sufficient
lands for that purpose, and let the residue be dis-
posed of as other interests require.
The Senator from Michigan resisted the policy
proposed, on the ground that it would reduce the
value of real estate in the new States. It has b^n
urged that that inconvenience would also reach
the old States. The inconvenience, Mr. President,
if it should occur at all, would be merely tempo-
. rary. The reclaiming of the domain would go on
mare rapidly; and we all know that cultivated as
well as vacant lands rise in value just as rapidly
: .as new lands lying amongstor adjacent tothem are
improved. What would be lost in the first in-
stance would be abundantly regained afterwards.
1 There is, however, Mr. President, one objection
of.a more serious nature than any I have yet con-
sidered. I hear it said on all sides that the domain
ought to be disposed of foe great and beneficent
objects—objects beneficial to the old as well as to
the new States. Sir, I have always favored such
a policy; and it is upon that ground that I have
cheerfully voted hitherto, as I shall continue to
vote hereafter, for appropriations upon that prin-
ciple, so long as Congress shall continue to adhere
, even in form to the ancient system.
' It is upon this ground that I shall support the bill
now under consideration, which proposes to be-
stow upon the State of Louisiana the public lands
within her limits to enable her to improve the nav-
igation of the Mississippi—a measure to which I
called the attention of the Senate at the last ses-
, sion—-a measure of great urgency, and of conceded
1 national importance. I have had, moreover, a
hope that this great resource might be applied to
the establishment of a system for the gradual but
certain removal of slavery, by a scheme of com-
pensating emancipation. I have thought that the
slaveholding States might wisely propose such a
system, and that the free States ought to accede
| to it.
But, sir, it is manifest that if the old States
could not agree upon such a system, or even upon
i any other system of partition of the public domain
among the States, or of distribution of its pro-
i. ceeds, while they held unquestioned the political
I power of government, they cannot now nope lo
j agree upon and secure the adoption of such a sys-
I tem, when that power is actually passing over
i from them to the new States. The new States
will control the decision of this great question.
We may, nevertheless, by yielding to what is in-
evitable, modify the policy to be adopted.
I submitted, Mr. President, a second principle,
to wit: That the public lands, so to be granted to
actual settlers, ought to be secured to them against
involuntary alienation.
j I respect all lawful contracts, and I would not
| unnecessarily interfere with even rigorous reme-
i dies which existed when such contracts were
made. But it is wise, as it is just and humane,
1 to alleviate prospectively the relations between
debtor and creditor. Within the last twenty
years, imprisonment for debt—a system which
had prevailed for more than two thousand years
before—has been safely abolished by every State
in this Union, and I believe by every.commercial
nation in Europe.
New York, the most commercial State, has,
with equal safety, abolished the rigorous remedy
of distress for rent, and has exempted certain por-
tions of estates from liability to sale for debts con-
tracted after such laws were passed. Other States
have adopted the policy of protecting the home-
stead from compulsory sale. A home is the first
necessity of every family; it is indispensable to
the education and qualifications of citizens.
Cannot society justly withdraw it from the
hazards of commercial contracts, and from ex-
posure to the accidents of disease and death ? We
bestow pensions upon decayed soldiers who have
faithfully served their country in her wars; we
protect such annuities against involuntary assign-
ment; and the policy is as wise as it is generous.
But he who reclaims an acre of land from the
sterility of Nature, and brings it into a productive
condition, confers a greater benefit upon the State
I than valor has often the power to bestow. Sir,
all that is movable in property may be used as a
security for credits; and that security is adequate
to supply all the wants of commerce. The home
of the farmer, the asylum of the children of the
Republic, may be safely reserved and protected.
There remains, Mr. President, a third principle
which, I think, demands the consideration of
Congress; which is, that the administration of tfie
public lands with'n the States should be relin-
quished td them. ®
It has been sufficiently shown that the United
States can no longer derive any financial benefit
from the domain. They can, at best, hope to ap-
propriate it to purposes of internal improvement
ana education. Experience has taught us noth-
ing, if it has not shown that the action of Con-
gress upon those interests is less judicious and
beneficent than the action of the several States.
Of all the railroads, canals, and other works of
internal improvement—of all the universities, col-
leges, and schools in the country—the States are
almost exclusively the projectors, founders, and
patrons.
To maintain that the United States can select
such objects, and apply the public lands <;o the at-
tainment of them more wisely than the States could
do, is to controvert the principle of our Constitu-
tion which assigns domestic interests and affairs
to local administration. Sir, we have oply a tem-
porary jurisdiction and a temporary estate in the
domain—both of which are of brief duration and
comparatively valueless. The reversion of both
belongs to the States, and is infinitely important to
them. It is not until that reversion has taken
place that the domain really begins to contribute to
the wealth and strength of the whole Republic.
Nor am I greatly embarrassed by the objection
that the new States would derive ah unequal share
of the benefits from what is justly called a " com-
mon estate." If all the public lands lying within
their limits were released to them, they would still
be inferior to the older States in the advantages of
capital, labor, and commercial position. Every
dollar of revenue which we should release would
remain within the new States, enhancing their
ability to construct channels of trade and to found
systems of education; while their own increasing
wealth and prosperity would equally increase the
wealth and prosperity of the old States, with whom
they are intimately related and indissolubly con-
nected.
The Senator from Michigan is alarmed with
apprehensions that the simplicity and certainty of
titles would be put in jeopardy by a transfer of
the public lands to the States. But, sir, our ma-
chinery of title, which is so perfect, could be tt
