744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
CALIFORNIA LANDS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (S. 390) to provide for the survey of the pub-
lic lands in California, the granting of donation
privileges therein,and for other purposes.
The amendments made in committee were sev-
erally concurred in.
Mr. PELCH moved to amend the bill by add-
ing two sections; which, as finally adopted, are
as follows:
"And be itfurther enacted, That the quantity of two entire
townships, or seventy-two sections, shall be, and the<#ame
is hereby, granted to the State of California for the use of a
seminary of learning—said lands to be selected by the Gov-
ernor of said State, or such persons as he may designate for
that purpose, in legal subdivisions of not less than a quarter
section of any of the unsold, unoccupied, and unappropria-
Ifed public lands therein, subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and to be disposed of as the Legislature
Bhall direct: Provided, however, That no mineral lands shall
be subject to such selection: And provided, also, That the
proceeds of said lands shall be applied in equal proportions
, for the benefit of said seminary, and for no other purpose.
Jlnd be it further enacted, 4"c., That there shall be, and
■hereby is, granted to the State of California the quantity of
ten entire sections of land for the purpose of erecting the
public buildings of that State—said lands to be selected by
the Governor, or such persons as he may designate for that
purpose, in legal subdivisions of not less than a quarter sec-
tion of any of the unsold, unoccupied, and unappropriated
public lands in that State, and subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior: Provided, however, Thatnona
of said selections shall be made of mineral lands."
Mr. BORLAND. I am not disposed to restrict
the donations of lands to California within too
narrow limits. I-am disposed to be liberal; but I
cannot see the propriety or the necessity of giving
to California townships of land for two universities
when the rule has been to give them to one. I do
not suppose that the demand for education in Cal-
ifornia at the present time, and especially of the
higher grades of education, is any greater than in
otnerStates. If this amendment should be adopted,
I shall be ealled upon, from a sense of duty—
thinking that the States-should be dealt with equal-
ly, and that my State requires such a grant as much
as California—to ask for two additional townships
■for my State. I see no reavon for making a differ-
ence. I am very sure that my State desires and
needs additional assistance for purposes of educa-
tion as much as California. We nave about the
. same population according to the census, and we
' are paying great attention to the subject of educa-
tion at this time, so that further lands would be
very acceptable to us.
Mr. GWIN? The proposition is to limit it to
one township for each university.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator misunderstood
-me. I objected to giving to California the means
of establishing two universities when we have
-given to other States the<means of establishing only
one. That is the point to which I object, and I
hope the amendment will not be adopted,
Mr. G-WIN. I will modify the amendment so
as to provide for only one.
Mr. BORLAND. In that case I withdraw all
opposition to it. The modification, I understand,
will be to put in one instead of two townships.
Mr. GWIN. It is the usual practice to give two
townships.
Mr. BORLAND. But this proposes to give
four.
• Mr. GWIN. I will then make the modification
by inserting " two entire townships, or seventy-
two sections."
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I propose to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the third section of the bill,
with a view to make an amendment. It reads in
these words:
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enaeted, That every free
white citizen of the United States, both male and female,
also those who are entitled to become citizens, and have
declared or may declare their intention to become such, and
who, on the thirtieth day of May, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, did actually inhabit and cultivate a tract of land
in the State of California, not rightfully claimed by any
other person, and who shall continue to inhabit and culti-
vate the same for three years, consecutively, after the pas-
sage of this act, shall be entitled to a patent in fee simple
for the same, without payment therefor: Provided, how-
ever, That not more than one tract shall be patented to
any one unmarried person, and the same shall not eontain
more than three hundred and twenty acres." j
' Now, this is a donation of three hundred and :
twenty acres of land to any individual who may i
he a citizen of the United States, or who intends
to become a citizen of the United States. It is not j
a right of preemption to one who has inhabited I
and cultivated the land, but it is an absolute do-
nation. Now, I do not know of any State in this
Union where the same advantages have been given
to those who may settle within that State as we
propose to give here. We are holding out induce-
ments of the strongest character for our people to
emigrate from the old States to the State of Cali-
fornia.
I understand that this bill comes recommended
by the Committee on Public Lands; and, sup-
posing that I would be unable to strike out the
whole of this provision, I am disposed to do the
best I can. The Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] has laid down a principle that I want
him now to come in luid sustain, that no indi-
vidual should be entitled to more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, it being immaterial
whether he is a married man with a score of
children, or whether he is a bachelor. I propose
to strike out the three hundred and twenty acres,
and insert one hundred and sixty acres. We will
then give to those who go upon the land in Cali-
fornia one hundred and sixty acres of land, just
such as they may select, or may have selected, to
reside upon ana cultivate free of any expense
whatever.
And then, to carry out the proposition, it will
be necessary to make a further amendment. The
section proceeds as follows:
" And that if the party thus entitled is a married man at
the time of his claiming the benefit of this act, there
shall be granted the quantity of one section, or six hun-
dred and forty acres, as nearly as may be, in one body."
This is a wise policy. If at the time he claims
the benefit of this act ne is an unmarried man, he
is entitled to three hundred and twenty acres; if
a married man, six hundred and forty acres.
Here, Mr. President, is a strong inducement held
out to men to make hasty marriages. [Laugh-
ter^] And now it becomes a question of policy
whether we will hold out such strong inducements,
and risk the future happiness of our young men
by making such a provision. [Laughter.] lam
disposed to think this is the policy of the Senator
from California, in order to increase the popula-
tion of his State. [Laughter.] He wants not
only to induce our male population to go there,
but he wants them to get married, and bring their
wives with them. [Laughter.] And who, Mr.
President, is paying for these advantages which
the State of California expects to derive from this
bill? Is it the State of California? No, sir. It'
is paid for by the blood and treasure of the com-
mon country. The soil belongs to us; and why
should we become instruments in the hands of
California not only to diminish our own popula-
tion, but to give them such extravagant benefits
after they get there? We propose to give them
six hundred and forty acres of land free of all
expense—lands, some of which may be worth
twenty or twenty-five dollars an acre. When
have we ever acted thus towards any other people
of this country? And shall we, by the dazzling
effects of the gold in that country, nave our minds
so blinded and clouded as to make ourselves a mere
instrument in the hands of that State to take
away the rights of the other States ?
Tnis is a bill unparalleled in the history of this
Government. It makes a donation larger in
amount than has ever been made before, and it
extends to the year 1853. Nor is this all. It
goes on and makes us legislate in the State of Cal-
ifornia in relation to her internal arrangements,
making arrangements as to the contracts existing
between husband and wife, and designing to af-
fect the marriage relation—a power which I deny
that this Government can exercise at all.
The section then reads:
" Where practicable, and otherwise, in contiguous or ad-
jacent legal sub-divisions, as nearly as may be, one half to
himself, and the other half to his wife, to be held by her in
her own right; and the register of the land office shall
designate the part inuring to the husband and that to the
wife."
j Now, we have a right, it may be said, to couple
any condition with a gift. That is true; but what
i right have we to make this gift? There is the
question. We have no right to make the gift in
the first place, and it follows, as a matter of course,
that we nave no right to annex a condition to that
gift. It is incompatible with State rights—with the
| power of the State to legislate over her domestic
concerns within her own limits. And we are suf-
fering these things to pass, while the Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwin,] like a watchman, is al-
ways upon his feet and in the use of his tongue,
which is remarkably pleasant and agreeable, and
very effective withal, so far as relates to the inter-
ests of his State. We really seem to be hood-
winked, or blinded, or mesmerized in regard to
those matters; for whenever California comes up,
everybody lets her have her way, and nobody
seems to oppose her. Now, I venture to say that
there are not half a dozen Senators who have
looked at this measure, for the reason that because
it was for California everybody supposes it is all
correct. The Committee on Public Lands, from
the new States of the Union, are themselves ma-
king arrangements to give away the balance of the
lands.
But look a little further, and see what the bill
" And in all cases where such married persons have com-
plied with the provisions of this act, [that is, getting married
and obtaining a credit—laughter,] so as to entitle them to
the grant as above provided, and either of them shalj have
died Defore the patent issues, [it makes no provision for
divorces—laughter,] the survivor and children, or heirs of
the deceased, including the widow, in equal proportions,
shall be entitled to the same, and receive a patent therefor,
except where the deceased shall otherwise have disposed of
it by testament duly and properly executed according to
law."
Here we are making arrangements for statute
distribution, declaring how property vested in the
husband shall be distributed in California. Where
are the State-rights men now? Here is a power
, never before exercised by this Government. This
is consolidation, sir, in all its latitude. We assume
to ourselves the right, contrary to the Constitu-
tion, to make donations, and then we limit such
; rights, and then we enter into State legislation
upon the subject. Let this question now be met;
' for hereafter this principle, if adopted, will be de-
clared a precedent, and it will be said, "You have
done it for California—you must do it for Now
Mexico and Utah." And then, probably, what
are now called the new States will come here and
say, "'It is but just to treat us as you have done
the younger gisters." And then, when they all
get into the Union as States, there will be a major-
ity of them, as a matter of course, and away go
the public lands.
I now offer the amendment to strike out " three
.hundred and twenty" and insert " one hundred
and sixty,"and also to strike out "six hundred
and forty" and " insert three hundred and twen-
ty;" so that, if the settler is an unmarried man,
we are doing what we'have never done before in
regard to a State—(we have done something of the
kind in Oregon, which is only a Territory)—we
are giving him one hundred and sixty acres of
land; and if he is a married man, we give him, in
addition to that—that is, to his wife and himself
combined, who are considered but one in law—
one hundred and sixty acres, making, in all, three
hundred and twenty acres of land.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, 1 want
to call the attention of the Senate to Bome further
provisions of this bill, which 1 think ought to he
considered while we are called upon to act upon
this amendment, because I think them germane to
! the subject. My friend from Georgia limited his
remarks to the advantages which families were to
derive from this law. But the bill goes a little
further. It makes provision for single ladies, in
order to enable them to get husbands. That I
think more proper, perhaps, than the provision to
which the Senator has called our attention. You
will find in the fourth section of the" bill the fol-
lowing:
" And to every unmarried female of twenty-one years of
age and over, resident in said State before the 1st day of
January, 1853, there shall be granted the quantity of one
quarter section, or one hundred and sixty acre* of the pub-
lic lands, to be located under the direction of the register,
in mode and manner aforesaid."
Now I understand that it does not require the
female to settle upon the land; but if she proves
her residence in the State, then the officers of the
Government shall select one hundred and sixty
acres for her, if she be over twenty-one years of
age, to enable her to make 
Mr. FELCH. If the Senator will permit me,
I will call his attention to the fact that he is re-
marking upon a part of the bill which is stricken
out.
The PRESIDENT. The fourth section was
stricken out, and a section adopted in lieu of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What is the section
that is adopted in lieu of it?
