748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
was about that for which he could have procured paper
-agreeably to the contract.
In reference to the time in which the work was executed,
having regard to the contract, the committee report tliat
the apparent delay in the execution of the work has arisen
from the great quantity of work ordered. The basis on
which die estimates were made, at the time of entering into
the contract, was the amount of printing ordered by the
previous Congress, which was one hundred and ninety-two
thousand volumes for the first session, while three hundred
■atid forty-three thousand were ordered by the first session
of the present Congress. This work has been executed at
the rate of at least one thousand volumes per day, of eight
hundred pages each. Also, several weeks were lost at the
commencement of the session, owing to the difficulty in the
organization of the House. For these reasons, the com-
mittee are of opinion that the delay in the execution of the
work has been rather apparent than real.
As to the amount of money lost by Mr. Ritchie by his con-
tract for the public printing, the unfinished state of the
work, the uqcertainty of what may be yet ordered by Con-
gress, and the fact that the printing in the Union office of
the public documents is done in common with the news-
paper, and no separate accounts have been kept, render it
impossible to do more than to approximate the actual loss.
From estimates made by the clerk of the Committee on
Printing, it will appear that the cost of the following docu-
ments is much rfTore than was received under the contract;
■viz:
Report on Finances  31,350 copies.
President's Message, Part 1   11,250 "
Commerce and Navigation   6,750 "
39,350 copies.
The cost, agreeably to the rates established by the Typo-
graphical Society of this city, is $19,015; the amount re-
ceived by Mr. Ritchie, under the contract, is #11,526 13—
thus showing an actual loss of $7,488 88. These volumes
were taken by the clerk as a fair average, and from which
it is apparent, if the estimates be correct, that the loss is
very great, being $65,436 50 on the printing of the last se -
aiou.
The committee further state that Mr. Ritchie contracted
for the printing of seven documents in New York, on the
best terms be could obtain; and for the printing of these
documents he paid $1,435 >97 ; while the prices of the Ty-
pographical Society of this city would be $1,438 49. The
same documents, with fifty per cent, deduction on the prices
of 1819, would cost $1,515 01; while Mr. Ritchie only re-
ceived, under the contract, $711 40—showing a loss of mo-
ney actually paid out, of $734 57 on these documents.
All which is respectfully submitted:
WM. McWILLIEt Chairman House Committee.
Joint Resolution for the relief of Thomas Ritchie, and for
other purposes.
Resolved, That William M- Belt, the contractor for exe-
cuting the fourth apd fifth classes of the printing of the
Thirty-first Congress, be,,and he is hereby, relieved from
the terms of his contract; and that, in lieu of said terms,
he shall receive, as compensation for the work he has al-
ready executed under said contract, payments at the rate of
one half the prices paid for the public printing under ti\p
joint resolution of 1819, and that he shall faithfully execute
the remainder of the work contemplated by said contract,
and be paid for it at the same rates: Provided, That the
said William M. Belt shall notify the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives, within
five days from the passage of this resolution, of his accept-
ance of and agreement to its terms.
Skc. 2. Ulnd be it further resolved, That the executive
,powers and ditties of ttje Committee on Panting, as denned
in the second section of the joint resolution directing the
manner of procuring the printing for the two Houses of
Congress, approved August 3d, 1846, be, and the same is
hereby, conferred upon the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of ^he House of Representatives ; and in case any in-
convenient delay should be at any time experienced by
either House in tile delivery of its work*said Secretary and
Clerk, respectively, shall be authorized to employ another
printer to execute any portion of the work of the Senate or
House, and charge the excess in the account of said printer
for executing such work, above the price at which either of
•the present printers have agreed to execute it, to the printer
guilty of such negligence or delay.
Mr. McW. said he did not feel authorized at
this late period of the session to trespass upon
the time of the House in making any remarks
upon this subject.
Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, (interrupting,)
wished to inquire whether this is a report from
the Joint Committee on Printing, or from the
House committee ?
Mr. McWILLIE replied that it was the report
of the joint committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the three
members of the Senate committee concurred in
this joint resolution?
Mr. McWILLIE said he could not say how
that fact might be,, as but two members of that
committee were present. They concurred in the
report, but whether they would vote for the joint
resolution or not he could not say.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. W entworth] to order.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he was doing noth-
ing.
Mr. McWILLIE said: I do not feel at liberty
at this late period of the session to trespass on
the time or patience of the House by reopening
the debate upon this question. All I have to
say is, that I am as thoroughly convinced of the j
justice of the recommendations of this joint reso-
lution as I can be of any earthly fact. There is
not a man in this House who does not know that
Mr. Ritchie is a loser—a very great loser. The
simple and only question now before the House
is, whether the public printing of this great nation ]
shall be done by Mr. Ritchie, or be done by the .
Government? With these remarks I am willing !
to submit the question. I
Mr. ASHE said the House were fully informed .
in relation to this matter, and he thought nodebate ;
was necessary or desirable. He therefore moved
the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a point of order.
The resolution which is now reported back to this
House had never been read, and certainly the pre-
vious question could not be ordered until the reso- .
lution had been read. I
The SPEAKER said the resolution h?id been I
read the first and second time.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked if the joint reso-
lution had been read this morning?
The SPEAKER said it had not been read this
morning, nor was it necessary that it should be
read. The resolution had been read the first and
second times, according to the usual course, and ,
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked for the reading of
the instructions to that committee. He wished to ,
make a point of order upon the instructions.
The instructions were read by the Clerk, as fol- ■
low:
" To inquire .whether Mr. Ritchie has executed the pub-
lic printing, having regard to the quality of the work and to
time, agreeably to his contract, and what sum he has lost
by his contract."
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now ask if that
committee were not bound, under those instruc-
tions, to specify the amount which has been lost
by Mr.-Ritchie?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
■will state his point of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The point of order I
.widh to make is this: That committee were bound
to specify the amount which it is proposed to give.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the j
point of order. The House have instructed the j
committee to make a report; that report has been
made, and cannot be rejected upon the point of
order ■ which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wentworth] suggests. The reason h« gives may
be a very good reason why the House should not
concur in the resolution ; but it cannot be made a
point of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. How oan the House
determine how much to give him if no amount is
specified?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. I wish to inquire
whether this is a report of the joint committee or of
the House committee ?
The SPEAKER. It is a report of the joint
committee.
Mr. EVANS. I understand that the joint com-
mittee did not concur in the report.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi has stated that it was a report of the joint
committee.
Mr. EVANS. I understand the gentleman
from Mississippi disclaims it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from' Missis-
sippi states that this is the report of the joint com-
mittee.
Mr. EVANS. Then 1 have nothing more to say.
Mr. McLANE. I insist upon the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. EVANS moved a call of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays upon that motion; which were ordered; and
the question being taken, resulted—yeas 41, nays
134—-as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bingham, Bowdon, Breck,Brooks,
Burt, Clarke, Conger, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Durkee, Alex-
ander Evans, Nathan Evans, Freedley, Giddings, Goode-
now, Hampton, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, Inge, Rob-
ert M. McLane, McQueen, D. F. Miller, Morris, Morrison,
Pitman, Reed, Root, Rumsey, Silvester, Spaulding, Thad-
deus Stevens, Underbill, Van Dyke, Wallace, Wentworth,
White, and Williams—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Ashe, Averett,
Bayly, Bcale, Bell, Bennett, Bissell. Bocock, Bokee, Booth,
Boyd, Briggs, Bnsbin, William J. Brown, E. Carrington
Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell* Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Cleveland,
Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole, Corwin, Crow-
ell, Daniel, Danner, Deberry, Dimmick, Duncan, Dunham,
Edmundson, Eliot, Ewing, Featherston, Fuller, Gilbert, <
Gorman, Gott, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan,
Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard,
Hilliard, Hoagland, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Joseph
W.Jackson, William T.Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones,
Julian, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
La Sere, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job
Mann, Marshall, Mason, McDowell, McGaughey, McLau-
ahan, McWillie, John K. Miller, Millson, Morehead, Mor-
ton, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Peas-
lee, Peck, Phelps, Phoenix, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Rose, Ross,
Sackett, Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck.Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Seddon, Shepperd, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, Thurinan, Tuck, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
mot, Wright, and Young—134.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
Mr. EVANS. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is this: T now understand that the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McWillie] does
not state that this is a report of the joint commit-
tee. The Chair is mistaken in supposing this is
a joint report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Mississippi to say that it was a
report made by a majority of the joint committee.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to know of the gentleman
from Mississippi, whether this is a report of the
joint committee, or of the House committee ?
Mr. McWILLIE. It is a report of the joint
committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman now states,
as he did when the report was made, that it is a
report of the joint committee.
Mr. EVANS. I hope it will be made a matter
of record, that this is the joint report of the two
committees.
The SPEAKER. The report will be entered
upon the record in the usual form.
Mr. WILMOT moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the resolution.
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. BURT. As I was on a committee which
made a report upon this matter upon a former oc-
casion, I should be very glad if the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Ashe] will allow me to ask
two or three questions, suggested by the reading
of that report. I am not disposed to make a speech
upon it.
Mr. ASHE refused to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. BURT. 1 wish to inquire 
Loud cries of "Order!" "order!"
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to suspend the
rules to allow the gentleman from So^h, Carolina
: [Mr. Burt] to make his inquiries.
The SPEAKER,said the motion is not in order.
The gentleman from South Carolina cannot make
his inquiries, unless the gentleman from North
: Carolina withdraws his demand for the previous
question.
. Mr. ASHE refused to withdraw his demand.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to lay thie whole
matter on the table, and on that motion he de-
manded the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. BURT. I would suggest to the gentleman
, from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] so that we may
proceed more intelligently in this matter, that he
withdraw 
Cries of " Order!"
j Mr. BURT. Who cries order?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do.
Mr. BUkT. State your point of order.
( Mr. STEPHENS. I will. I say it is not in
order for the gentleman from South Carolina to
| state his views upon this subject.
Mr. BURT. Is it not in order to ask the gen-
l tleman to withdraw his motion?
The SPEAKER. Not if objection is made.
, Mr. WENTWORTH. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BURT. I do not like to be placed in this
position. I desire to ask whether it is not allow-
able, both by the rule and practice of the House,
for any gentleman to make inquiries for informa-
tion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from South Carolina, as he has many
times stated to the House, that it has been the
custom, by the indulgence and courtesy of the
House, to allow such inquiries to be made. But
■ if the point of order is insisted upon, he is bound
i to decide them out of order.
I Mr. BURT. I hope the Chair will stick to that
decision.
