1851.
THE CONGKSi&ftWAL GLOME.
749
The SPEAKER. The Chair will adhere to that
decision, as he has always done.
The question now being upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question—
Tellers were demanded and ordered. Messrs.
Sawtelle and Frebdley were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 94, noes 82.
So the demand for the previous question was
seconded.
Mr. WILMOT asked if it would be in order
to move to reconsider the yote by which a call of j
the House was refused ? j
The SPEAKER replied, not after the previous
question had been seconded.
Mr. WILMOT moved to lay the whole subject
on the table; and on that motion he demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion to .
lay on the table, and resulted—yeas 85, nays 111—
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Bennett, Bingham,
Bokee, Brisbin, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Butler,
Joseph Cable, Calvin, Casey, Clarice, Cleveland, Colcock,
Cole, Cong *r, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Duncan, Durkee,
Alexander P.vans, Nathan Evan*, Freedley, Gentrf, Gid-
(iin^ri, Gilbert, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Hampton, Hay,
Hebard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, William T..Jackson, Ju-
lian, Kerr,.George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, Mc-
Qaeen, Meacbam, D. FJWiller, Morris, Nelson, Ogle, Orr,
Otis, Phelps, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ridley,
Rockwell,Root, Rose, Rurasey, Sackett,Schenck, School-
craft, Silvester, Spaufding, Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Taylor, Thunfian, tTnderhlll, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Wallace, Wentworth, White, Witiiriek, Wiimot, and
Woodward—8a.
NATS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe,
Ashmnn, Averett, Bayly, BeaTe, Belr, Bissell, Bocock,
Bowdon, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, William J. Brown,
Buel, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well,Cartter, Chandler, Clingman, Williamson R.W. Cobb,
Daniel-D'annec, Debenr, Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson,
Eliot,. Ewing, Fitch,. Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman,
Green', Grinnell, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan, Isham
G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Raymond, Hibbard, Hilliant,
Holland, Holladay, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, La Sere,
Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McDonald, McDow-
ell, McKissock, McLanahan, R. M. McLane, FinU E.
McLean^ MeWillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Million,
Morehead, Morrison, Morse, Morton, Olds, Outlaw, Parker,
Peaslee, Peck, Penn, Potter,Powell,Richardson.Robbins,
Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Venable, Walden,
Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Williams, Wright,
and Y oung—111.
The question recurred, "Shall the main ques-
tion be no-sfr put?"
Mr. WENTWORTH detn&nded the yeas and
nays; and (hey were ordered.
The question was then taken, And resulted—■
yeaa 118, nays 81—aa follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson, Ashe, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bissell, Boeock, Bokee, Booth,
Bowdon, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, William J. Brown, Bsel,
raick, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot, Ewing, Fitch, Fuller,
Gentry, Gory, Gilbert, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond,, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hilliard, Boaglaind, Holla-
day, Houston, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
La Sfere, Letter, Levin, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason,
McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert
M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, MeWillie,
Meade, John K. Miller, Millson, Morehead, Morton, Olds,
Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Peek, Penn, Potter, Powell, Richard-
son, Robbins, Robinson, Ross; Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon,
Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard «H. Stanton,
Alexander H.Stephens, Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor,Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Venable, Waid en, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Williams, and Young—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, Brisbin, AlbertG. Brown, Butler, Calvin, Clarke,
Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Duer, Duncan,
Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Featherston,
Freedley.Giddings, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Hampton, Hay,
Hebard, Henry, Holmes, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jack-
son, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John
A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey,
McQueen, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morris
Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Otis Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman,'
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Ramsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn. Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens
Thurman. Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wentworth!
White, Wildrick, Wiimot, and Woodward—81.
So the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question now being, " Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?"
Mr. STANLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a substitute for the joint resolu-
tion reported by th# committee.
Objections were made.
■ Mr. STANLY asded to have it reported to the
House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
[The following is the substitute Mr. Stanlt
desired to move for the resolution:
"That the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House of Representatives be directed, as shortly as possible
[ after the udjimrnnient of Congress, to ascertain what is the
I amount of the actum loss sustained by Thomas Ritchie on
account of his connection with William M. Belt, as con-
tractor for the public printing, and the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed to pay the said amount.]
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked if the morn-
ing hour had not expired ?
The SPEAKER replied that there was no morn-
ing hour.
Mr. EVANS asked if this was not a report of a
joint committee ?
The SPEAKER replied that it was a report of
a joint committee under a special rule of the House.
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays
.on the question of ordering the joint resolution to
be engrossed and read a third time; and they were
ordered.
Mr. BURT said he desired to have the question
divided. He wished to know if it was not divisible?
The SPEAKER said it was a joint resolution,
and could not be divided'.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
106, nays 103—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Ashmun, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bissell, Bocock, BoWdon, Bdyd, Breck,
Briggs, Brorikrf, William J. Brown, Buel, Bnllard, E;
C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Can-
ter, Chandler, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Danner,
Deberry, Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson, Swing, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Fuller, Gilmore, Gonfian, Green, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland, Holla-
day. Holmes, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, J allies
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, La Sere, LelTIer,
Levin, Littlefield, Job M&nn, Mason, McClernand, McDon-
ald, McDowell, MeLannahaik, Robert M. McLane, Finis
E. McLean^ McMullen, MeWillie, Meade, JPoha K. Miller,
Millson, Morehead, Morton, Olds, Outlaw, Parker, Peck,
Penn, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, &oss,
Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Sweettet,
Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,. James Tflompdon,
John B. Thompson, Venable, Walden, .Wellborn, whit-
tleseyjWilliSins, Wright, and Young'—1WS.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowie, Brisbin*, Alberto. Brown,
Burrows, Burt, Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Casey, Clarke,
Cleveland, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Orrtwell,
Dickey, Dbton, Dtter, Duncan, DUrkee, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Freedley, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Gilbert,
Gott, Gould, Grintiell, Hall, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, He-
bard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson^ Julian, Kerr, George G. King, James G.
Kin;, John A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McGadghey, McKissock, McQueen, Meacham, Daniel F.
Miller, Moore, Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Otis,
Peaslee, Fhelps, Pluenix, pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell. Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck,
Schemierbom, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprajfue,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Thurman, Underhill,
VaaDyke, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wentworth,
White, Wildrick, Wiimot, and Woodward—103.
So the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. McWILLIE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. WENTWOR'TH rose to a point of order.
He asked, before he proceeded further, that the
Clerk should read the resolution.
Cries of "No," "no !"
The SPEAKER asked the gentleman from Illi-
nois to state his point of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, by the title of the
resolution it was for the relief of Thomas Ritchie.
Now, he understood that the name of Thomas
Ritchie occured nowhere in the body of the reso-
lution.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected to this course of
proceeding. He said it was entirely irregular.
The SPEAKER said the last thing to be con-
sidered by the House was the title of the resolu- !
tion. The bill must first be considered, and then
its title would be under consideration.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the Speaker to
State to the House whether this resolution had not
been considered by the House as a resolution for
the relief of Thomas Ritchie?
The SPEAKER said the resolution had been
considered by its title.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked that the title be
read.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
He said the bill had been read by its title in the
usual form. It was the universal custom to con-
tidal: the title after the bill had been passed. If the
resolution should be adopted, its title would come
up then for consideration.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked if that was not a
resolution for the relief of Thomas Ritchie, when
that name does not once appear in the resolution
itself?
Cries <Jf " Order!"
The SPEAKER Baid that all debate was out
of order.
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays
oh the motion to lay on the table the motion to re-
consider; which were ordered.
By the request of Mr. Burt, the Clerk read
the thirty-ninth House rule, as follows: '
" No Member or otherperson shall visit or retain by the
Clerk's table while the yeas and nays are calling, or ballots
are counting."
The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to observe
this rule, and said he should feel bound to enforce
it.
Cries of " Question!" " question!"
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 113, nays 93—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Ashmun, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon,
Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Wm. J. Brown, Bullard,
B. 0. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Cartter, Chartdler, Clmgman, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Daniel, Danaer, Deberry? Dimmick, Dunham, Edmundson,
Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gilmore, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, flaralson, Harlan, I.
G. Harris, Sampson W, Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay-
mond, Hibbardy Hilliard, Hoagland, Holfaday, Holmes,
Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jas.
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, La Sere, Leffler,
Levin, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McLanahan, RobertM. McLane, Finis
E. McLean, McMullen, MeWillie, Meade, John K. Miller,
Millson,(Morehead, Morse, Morton, Olds, Outlaw, Parker,
Peck, Penn, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robin-
son, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
ThompsodjJohn fl. Thompson, Venable, Walden,Waldo,
Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Williams,
rows, Bart, Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Casey, Clarke,
Cleveland, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Freedfev, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings-Gott, -
Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Hebard, Henry,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T.Jackson, Julian, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, Mc-
Queen, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, Morris, Nel-
son, Ogle, Orr, OQs, Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Thurman, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wallace, White,
Wiimot, and Woodward—90.
So the motion to reconsider WaS laid on the
table,
Mr. EVAN'S, of Maryland, rose to a point of
order. He said that the bill had been referred
back to a committee after having been read a second
time and could not now have its third reading.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a privileged
question. He moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER said that vote could not be re-
considered.
The bill was then read the third time; and tha
question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. McWILLIE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. OTIS moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and demanded the yeas and nays upon that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, resulted—yeas 92, nays 112—as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Brisbin; Albert G.
Brown, Burrows, Burt, Butler, Joseph Cable,Calvin, Casey,
Clarke, Cleveland, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crow-
ell, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Gott. Gould, Grin-
nell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Howe,
Hunter, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Julian,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, Mc-
Queen, Meacham, Daniel F. Miller, Morris, Nelson, Ogle,
Orr, Otis, Phelps, Phanix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sacketty
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Thurman,
Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wallace, Wentworth,
White, and Wiimot—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Ashmun, Averett, Bay.
Bayly, Beale,Bell, Bissell,Bocock,Bowdon, Boyd.Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Bullard, E. Car-
rington Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
A
