1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
more than counterbalanced by the increased mar- j
ket caused by the stimulus that would be given to !
manufactures and the carrying trade; but the truth '
is that Canada and this country both export to
Great Britain. And whether their wheat passes
through one channel or another, the price in both
countries is regulated by the British market. I •
look upon it, therefore, as a question relating
merely to the carrying trade, and not affecting at
all, or to any appreciable extent, the price of the
article. With rare exceptions the price of wheat
in this country can never rise above and it cannot
sink below the prices at which England buys.
Mr. MEADE, (interrupting.) I understood
the gentleman first to say that the agricultural
products of the country were to be exchanged, and
then I understood him to say that the manufac-
tures of this country were to be admitted into
Canada.
Mr. DUER. I said so.
Mr. MEADE. Well, I want now to ask the
gentleman if the manufactures of that country are
to come in here?
Mr. DUER. No. Oh, no. The manufactures
of this country are to be received into Canada
without discriminating duties, but not vice versa.
That provision is entirely on our side. I will
now yield the floor to the gentleman from Mary-
land.
Several gentlemen simultaneously addressed
the Chair, but the Speaker assigned the floor to
Mr. McLane, of Maryland.
Mr. ASHMUN raised the point of order, that
one gentleman had no right to give the floor to
another.
The SPEAKER stated that he had assigned the
floor to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. ASHMUN said that it hod been done with
a full understanding 
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
The Chair had assigned the floor to the gentleman
from Maryland because he recognized him first,
and with no reference to anything that had. been
said by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Duer.]
Mr. ASHMUN only wished to have it under-
stood that it was distinctly announced—— -
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order.
Mr. McLANE then said: I desire the attention
je House for a few moments.
r. CARTTER, (interrupting.) Will thegen-
Ifan allow nife one minute? I hope thia bill will
not be acted on now 
Mr. McLANE. I cannot yield the floor, ex-
cept for a question or for explanation. I do not
intend to occupy the attention of the House longer
than is necessary to explain the amendment which
I have to offer. In January, 1850, the Committee
on Commerce reported to the House the bill which
I will now ask the Clerk to read.
The Cuu read the bill. It is as follows:
A BILL, to admit certain articles of the growth or produc-
tion of Canada into the United States free of duty, upon
the condition that the like articles of the growth or pro-
duction of the United States are admitted into Canada
free of duty.
Se it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives 1
of tke United States of America in Congress assembled, j
That when the President of the United States shall issue his ;
proclamation that the articles hereinafter enumerated, being ;
of the growth or production of the United States, are admit- i
ted into the province of Canada by law free of duty, that on
and after that day, the like articles, being the growth or
production of said province of Canada, shall be admitted
into the United States free of duty, when imported direct
from said province, so long as the said enumerated articles
are admitted into said province of Canada from the United i
States free of duty, unless otherwise directed by Congress, |
to wit: Grain and breadstuflfe of all kinds, vegetables, fruits,
animals, hides, wool, tallow, horns, salted and fresh meats,
ores of all kinds of metals, timber, staves, wood, and lum-
ber of all kinds.
Mr. McLANE. I will not detain the House
many minutes. I only wish that the subject shall
be disposed of by a vote of the House. The
House will recollect that when this bill was re-
gorted, a correspondence between the Secretary of
tate and the British Minister was communicated
to this House, in which the British Minister gave
us the information, that he felt himself authorized
to open to our people and shipping, on the same
terms as were enjoyed by the people of Canada,
the canals connecting the lakes and the St. Law-
rence, if this bill went into a law establishing a
reciprocity of trade between Canada and the Uni-
ted States.
During the discussion which took place here
upon the motion to refer thig bill and print it, ob-
iVlf.
o^tfie
txfflan
jections were strenuously urged to any enactment
of this sort, unless it contained a stipulation for
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence. At that
time, neither I nor the Committee on Commerce,
under whose directions I was acting, saw any pro-
priety in entertaining that question, as the pro-
Cosed arrangement was to be confined exclusively
etween the United States and Canada. But since
that time Canada has received, through an order
in council, authority to open these canals. At the
: early part of this session a bill was introduced by
the honorable member from Illinois, [Mr. Har-
ris,] which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and the committee directed that that
bill should be reported back to the House some-
what amended, to meet the exigencies which the
measure suggested, but the committee have had
no opportunity of reporting this session. What
I now propose is, to move, as an amendment to
this bill, the one offered by the honorable member
from Illinois, as amended by the Committee on
Commerce. I shall ask the Clerk to read that bill,
and I beg the attention of the House to it. That
bill provides, that not only shall there be this free
exchange of the natural products of the two coun-
tries' specified in it, but it also provides that there
never shall be a discrimination by the Canadian
tariff between the manufactures of the United
States and the manufactures of Great Britain, and
that reciprocity shall continue no longer than the
navigation of the lakes, canals, and St. Lawrence
remain free. The House will understand that
that discrimination was originally made by the |
Canadian tariff, but the Canadian Legislature, un-
der a power within a few years granted to that as- ]
sembly, have repealed that discrimination. There ;
is now no discrimination. American and British
manufactures go into Canada upon the same du-
ties and upon the same terms. The bill provides ;
that it shaJI not continue in force if that discrim-
ination is ever again returned to. I will call the j
attention of the House to the fact, that in conse- !
quence of the removal of these discriminating du-
ties, the Canadian trade with the United States
has within the last few years grown to seven mil-
lions of exports from the United States to Canada,
and only nve millions of imports from Canada to
the United States. It is a growing and flourishing
trade.
I believe myself that there is no trade other than
that of the mother country, which is to be com-
I pared with the Canada trade. It is more valuable,
| richer, more growing, and more conducive to the
; general welfare of the country than any other trade
: now open to us, except that of Great Britain and
France, perhaps. 1 do not feel at liberty to go
into this question at any length. I do not feel at
! liberty to ao more than ask for a vote upon the
j bill. I regret this exceedingly, as the subject is one
| of great interest in a political, no less than a com-
mercial view. This enlargement of our north-
■ western power and trade is equivalent to the ad-
mission of several new States, in a commercial
J view, while it relieves us from all political agita-
I tion upon the northern frontier; leaving the people
• on either side to cultivate a fraternal community of
i interest and feeling, while the free navigation of that
i magnificent river and the canals, will open to Ameri-
can commerce and shipping on the northwestern
lakes, new and extraordinary developments. On
the other hand, the question of reciprocity com-
mends itself to the most enlightened sense of the
country, as a branch of our commercial policy,
which has throughout our whole history received
I the sanction of every successive Administration of
: this Government. I much regret that I do not
| feel at liberty to go further into the question at this
t time.  
i Mr. CARTTER (interposing) said: Permit me
1 to ask whether the products of the Canada trade
; are not precisely the same as the products of the
1 Northwest, and whether they will not come in di-
rect competition with these products, which have
no protection and never have had any ?
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from Ohio
propounds an inquiry, which might lead me fur-
ther into the subject than I feel authorized to go.
There can be no doubt, however, that the products
of Canada are much the same as the products of
thia side of the line, for the climate and the soil are
the same, though very inferior in both of these
points and in productiveness.
I will now ask the Clerk to read the bill which
I intend to offer as an amendment.
The Clkrk read the amendment. It is as fol-
lows:
AN ACT providing for reciprocity of trade between the
United States and Canada, and for the free navigation by
American vessels of the canals and waters of Canada,
connecting the upper lakes with the Atlantic ocean.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That whenever the Government of Canada, being duly au-
thorized therefor by the Government of Great Britain, shall
confer upon the citizens of the United States the privilege
of using and navigating in American vessels, boats, and
barges of every description, the river St. Lawrence and all
the waters and canals lying within the province of Canada,
connecting the upper lakes with the Atlantic ocean, through
said river in accordance with the same regulations which
now exist, or which may hereafter be prescribed for the use
' and navigation of the same by the inhabitants of Canada or
subjects of Great Britain, and on an equal .footing with
them; and whenever the articles hereinafter enumerated,
being of the growth and production of the United States,
' shall be admitted into the said province of Canada by law
1 free of duty, and the President of the United States shall
j issue his proclamation declaratory of such fact, then, from
and after that day, and until otherwise provided by law,
1 and so long as the said enumerated articles are admitted
into said province of Canada from the United States free of
duty, the like articles being the growth or production of
said province of Canada shall be admitted into the United
States free of duty, when imported directfroin said province,
that is to say: grains and breadstuffs of all kinds, vegetables,
fruits, seeds, animals, hides, cotton, wool, butter, cheese,
; tallow, horns, salted and fresh meats, ores of all kinds of
metal, lead, stone and marble, ashes, timber, staves, hemp,
I wood, coal, lumber of all kinds: Provided, That this act
! shall continue in force no longer than the duties on all
| articles imported into Canada from the United States shall
| be no more than on similar articles imported from Great
| Britain.
j Mr. McCLERNAND, (Mr. McLane yielding
j the floor.) I wish to ask the gentleman from Ma-
ryland a question. I understood him to say that
this bill contained a proviso that whenever Great
Britain shall withdraw from the citizens of the
United States the right to the free navigation of the
St. Lawrence, this bill, as an act, is to become
null and void. I did not hear any such proviso
■ read.
; Mr. McLANE. I answer the gentleman, that
the bill does contain such a provision.
Mr. BUEL. I sought the floor for the purpose
of propounding to the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Commerce the same inquiry as that
propounded by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr..
McClernand.] I nave carefully examined the
amendment which he proposes to offer as a sub-
stitute, and has Bent to the Chair, and I do not
find that it contains any such provision as that to
j which the gentleman from Illinois alludes. With-
[ out such a provision it would be manifesdy defect-
! ive. It provides, in substance, that whenever the
Government of Great Britain or of Canada shall
concede to us the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence, and the use of the canals connecting its
, navigable waters, and shall admit the introduction
j into Canada of certain specified articles, free of
1 duty, the like articles shall be admitted into the
United States free of duty. The reciprocity of
trade, therefore, is to take effect on conceding this
free navigation of the St. Lawrence. But, under
. a strict construction of the amendment, it would
not terminate on a withdrawal of that right. The
right of navigation might be withdrawn, or so fet-
1 tered by subsequent restrictions as practically to
| annul it, whilst the reciprocity would continue,
i This right of freely navigating that river, for com-
mercial purposes, as a natural highway to the
| ocean, is of too much importance to be subject to
j any such uncertainty. To provide for such a con-
tingency, in the event of a reconsideration and the
; adoption of the substitute, I shall at the proper
j time offer the following as an amendment:
" And this act shall become null and void whenever the
Government of Great Britain or of Canada shall withdraw
' the right of so using and navigating said river, waters, and
canals."
i The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
J gentleman from Michigan that there is now no
' amendment pending, nor can any amendment be
i submitted at this time. The question is to recon-
• sider the vote by which the House referred the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. McLANE. I am not going to debate this
question myself, and I cannot therefore yield the
floor to other gentlemen to debate it. The House
has heard the amendment read, and on that amend-
ment I now move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. No amendment can be of-
fered to the bill now.
Mr. McLANE. I mean on the motion to re-
