1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
«ny vessel, must inevitably destroy her. Bet j
when you bring these vessels to such a point of !
equality, (hat one of these large shot may destroy
either a sailing vessel or a steamer, it follows as
a necessary coiisequeuce, that speed and power
of concentration constitute the main points, and
vessels that have those qualities must have supe-
riority over others. These are my views. I
wish now to say a word in reference to some of
the points of the speech made by the gentieman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade.] He has spoken of
the eleven hundred and odd thousand dollars
which we pay to the present lines of steamers.
I would remind him that a large portion of that
is returned in the shape of postage; and I believe
that in the course of a few years the existing
lines will pay all their expenses.
I agree with the gentleman from Virginia, that
the proposition presented by MK Thompson is
the cheapest proposition that has ever been pre-
sented to this Government; and considering it only
in referenee to its cheapness, or in reference to the
Importance of the lines which he proposes to es-
tablish, I would freely admit that the terms he
proposes are better and more desirable than any
others. But I did not understand the gentleman
from Virginia, in advocating that proposition, to
oppose another proposition which J[ had the hon-
or also to report to the House; and that is the
proposition for the building of three steamers to
run between this country and the coast of Africa.
By that proposition only the sum of $450,000 is
to be paid by the Government. It is about as
cheap a scheme as Mr. Thompson's. In a com-
mercial point of view, I acknowledge that it is
not so important, although its importance in that
point of view is greater than many gentlemen
upon this floor would be disposed to admit.
But there are other considerations which give to ,
that scheme a peculiar importance, and those con- J
aiderations connect themselves with a question of1
more importance at this particular juncture of our ;
public affairs than any other/ and that, sir, is the
question of slavery. I maintain, without attempt-
ing to go into an argument upon that point now,
that to afford the means of removing the free blacks
from this country, will do more to quiet the coun-
try, in reference to this question of slavery—will
do more to cement the bonds of the Union, to re-
store peace and harmony,and_to save the country
from the possibility of disunion, than any other
measure which has been proposed in latter days.
That is my solemn conviction. I do not propose
to enter into these considerations to-night. I made
•a few remarks on the subject the other day, and
I informed the committee at the time that I should
submit my views to the public through the Report-
ers. I have done so. I do not propose to repeat
them here to-night. I will not trouble the com-
mittee with a repetition of them, but I hope that
if it should be necessary for me to defend the po-
sitions which I have taken, I may have an oppor-
tunity of doing so before this Congress adjourns.
Mr. MANN, ofMassachusetts, said: Mr. Chair-
man, some time ago I prepared myself to submit
a few reflections upon some of the prominent meas-
ures of the present Congress, which have since
attracted the attention of all lovers of constitutional
liberty, and of all the moral and religious men
throughout the civilized world. I have looked for
some opportunity of delivering these remarks, but
none has occurred, and I simply rise now for the
purpose of saying, that I mean to avail myself of
the common opportunity of submitting these re-
marks to the House and country through the or-
dinary medium of the press. [For Mr. Mann's
speech, see Appendix, page 237.]
Mr. VENABLE obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. JONES, who moved that the committee
rise: upon which motion tellers were demanded
and ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and Thomas
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 30.
The committee accordingly rose; and theSpeak-
er having resumed the chair, its chairman reported
progress.
Mr. CROWELL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution; which was
read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to toans-
mit to this House a copy of the report of Captain Howard
Stansbury npou hi* recent exploration of the valley of tbe
Great Salt Lake; if not transmitted before the close of the
session, the same to be received by the Clerk of the House,
and when received, that copies of the same, together
with the maps and drawings, be printed for the use of the
House—the latter to be executed under the direction of the
engineer.
Mr. JONES objected, and the resolution was
not received.
CHARGES AGAINST MR. WEBSTER.
Mr. JULIAN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the resolution which he
submitted during the morning session, proposing to
investigate certain charges against Mr. Webster.
Mr. J. desired that a vote should be taken upon i
that resolution. ;
Objection was made.
Mr. J. moved to suspend the rules. !
Mr. JOHN A. KING moved that the House ]
adjourn. '
The question was taken, and the House refused .
to adjourn.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and navs on
the suspension of the rules; and they were ordered; ,
pending which,
On motion by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 1, 1851.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. The
Journal of yesterday was read.
ACCOUNTS OF THE PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, without amendment, the joint
resolution from the Senate authorizing the Clerk
of the House aad the Secretary of the Senate, du-
ring the recess, to audit and settle the accounts of
the public printer for printing that may be deliv-
ered. He moved that it be put upon its passage.
Several Members objected.
Mr. FULLER moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to sus-
pend the rules now pending.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER said: Before the pending ques-
tion is put to the House, the Chair will state that
the annual report from the Patent Office has been
received, and the Chair will ask, that by unani-
mous consent of the House the report may be laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed, and that
the question of printing an extra number may be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WHITE desired to instruct the committee
as to the extra number that they should report.
The SPEAKER stated that the question of num-
ber could be acted on when the committee should
report, but that if the gentleman from New York
insisted on his motion, the question could not be
acted on at all at this time.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, of New York, made a
suggestion, which the Reporter did not hear.
The report was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed, and the question of extra numbers to
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
CHARGES AGAINST MR. WEBSTER.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be on the motion to suspend the rules
to enable the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
to submit the resolution which had been reported
last evening. On that motion the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
The Clerk reported the resolution. It is as
follows:
" Whereas, it is important to the wise and pure adminis-
tration of the Government that its high officers and func-
tionaries should be free from tbe undue influence of any
persons representing particular classes or interests in the
State: And whereas, it is especially important that venality
in such officers, under whatever form or disgaiseit may as-
sume, should be rebuked by the Representatives ofthe peo-
' pie: And whereas, a member of this House has, upon his
personal responsibility, aharged that the present Secretary
of State, before his acceptance of said office, did enter into
an arrangement with certain capitalists in an eas^n city,
' by which a large sum of money was agreed to belaid to
him as an inducement to take upon himself that office, the
said arrangement having been suggested and proposed by
the said Secretary: And whereas, the said member has also
declared his belief that in falfiUment of said arrangement
a large sum of money, supposed to be between forty and fifty
thousand dollars, has been paid or agreed to be paid to said
Secretary, by certain persons in the citics of Boston and
New York: Therefore, be it
"Resolved, That a committee of this House be appointed
i to investigate said charge, and report thereon, with power to
i I take testimony and send for persons and papers."
Mr. STANLY inquired whether the resolution
provided when the committee would meet, on to-
day or to-raorrow ? (Sunday.)
The SPEAKER said there was nQthing said of
the time.
Mr. STANLY said it was worse than ridicu-
lous to waste valuable time. The member from
Indiana knows there can be no investigation at
this session, and he wants none.
Mr. CALDWELL, of North Carolina, moved
to lay the resolution oil the table.
The SPEAKER stated that that motion was
not in order pending a motion to suspend the
rules.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules, and. were—yeas 35,
nays 119—as" follow.
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Bingham, Booth, Bris-
bin, William J. Brown, Joseph Cable, Carrier, Cleveland,
Daniel, I),inner, Dimmiek, Durkee, Fitch, Gerry, Giddings,
Gilbert, Harlan, Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Julian,
Littletield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, McLanahan, Morris,
Orr, Parker, Petin, Phelps, Potter, Robinson, Sweetser, and
W entworth—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bell,
Bocock, Holies, Bowdon, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Al-
bert G. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Burt, Butler, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler,
Clinginan, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, JJeherry, I)ix-
, on, Doty, Dunham, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Feather-
1 ston, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott,
! Gould, Green, Hamilton, Hnnunond, Haralson, I. G. Har-
: ris, Sampson W. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hil-
j hard, Hoagland, Holmes, Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jack-
son, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones,George G. King, James G. King,-John A.
King, La Sire, Leffler, Levin, McGaughey, R. M. McLane,
Meacham, Meade, Moore, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Out-
law, Peaslee, Peck, Phoenix, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ris-
ley, Robbins, Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sackett,
Sawtelle, Schenck, Scliermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Alex. H. Stephens, Stetson, '
Strong, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Tburnian, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, VVatkins, Wellborn, White, Williams,
Wright, and Young—119.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. SCHENCK, before the result was an-
nounced, rose and said: On the call of my name
I voted in the affirmative. I will now change my
vote to the negative, in conformity to what ap-
pears to be the general sense of the House. I
thought the resolution ought to be admitted and
passed, in justice to Mr. Webster himself, who
does not shrink from, but would prefer, the inves-
1 tigation. But the decided vote against suspending
the rules is perhaps the best commentary on the
charges, and shows that they are only regarded
with contempt.
Mr. DANNER (the rules having been suspend-
ed for the purpose) introduced the following reso-
j lution; which was considered and agreed to:
j " Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to
pay to Charles Nes, for the use of the minor children of
I Hi-nry Nes, deceased, late a member of this House, i®14.5
! in lieu of his funeral expenses paid by the decedent's es-
) tate."
| NAVY PENSION BILL.
1 Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee of Ways and Means
the naval pension bill, with the amendment of the
Senate thereto. He moved that the House con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate struck from the
bill the clause which provides an appropriation of
$3,000 to pay the pensions of invalids who were
wounded on board of private armed vessels during
the last war with Great Britain.
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question,
1 which was sustained, and under the operation
thereof the amendment was concurred in.
i POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
! Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported back
i the post office appropriation bill, with the amend-
j ments of the Senate thereto, with the recommenda-
tion that the House concur in some and non-con-
! cur in others.
1 The bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
i CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution to close de-
bate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the naval appropriation bill, one
hour after the committee should resume the consid-
eration thereof. He moved the previous question
; on the resolution.
