756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from Virginia
to withdraw the demand for the previous question,
to enable him to move to amend the resolution by
substituting " two hours" for " one hour."
Mr. BAYLY said that lje must decline, as the
House had not the time lo spare
Mr. BURT wished to oner an amendment to
limit the debate to half an hour.
The SPEAKER said that it could not be done
pending the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
LOBBY MEMBERS.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a privileged ques-
tion, to which he desired the attention of the whole
House. His question was, that during the pend-
ency of the naval appropriation bills, all- claims
agents should be entitled to the same privilege in-
Bide and outside the bar of the House as ex-mem-
bers of Congress, and newspaper letter-writers
and reporters were entitled to. His object was
to place all claims agents on the same footing.
[Laughter, and cries of " Object!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will avail him-
self of this opportunity to state, with reference to
persons coming within the Hall, that he has given
instructions to the officers of the House to enforce
the rules; and if individuals come within the Hall
who are not entitled to it, it is because members of
the House invite them, and state to the officers of
the House that they are privileged under the rules.
Mr. WENTWORTH said that his object was
to exclude all claims agents.
[Here the subject dropped.]
Mr. DANIEL, (the rules having been suspend-
ed for thepurpose,) from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the resolution of the Senate
(No. 15) for the relief of Charles P. Sibbald, made
an adverse report thereon; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D., from the same committee, (the rules
having been suspended for that purpose,) made an
adverse report upon the petition of Hannah Avery;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.  
Mr. POTTER wished to inquire of the Chair if
it was not in order to move to go into Committee
of the Whole at any time during the remainder of
the session ?
The SPEAKER replied that such inquiries were
not in order. The gentleman from Ohio and the
House must understand the rules of the House.
Mr. POTTER called for tellers on the motion !
of Mr. Bayly to suspend the rules to go into i
Committee of the Whole.
Tellers wereordered, (Messrs.Ogle, and Stan-
ton of Tennessee, appointed,) and the question
being taken, it was decided in the affirmative—
ayes 101, noes not counted.
NAVY PENSION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Richardson in the chsfir.)
Mr. VENABLE, who was entitled to the floor,
then addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I shall not be able, even in the
compass of an hour, to investigate the subject-
matter now before the committee, in a manner
satisfactory to myself or to those who may honor
me with their attention. But, sir, however un-
willing I am to trespass upon the time of this
committee, and however disinclined from my own
feelings to engage in discussion, I yet feel that I
owe it to myself and to my constituents, particu-
larly after the remarks which have been made by
the organ of the Naval Committee, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] to avail myself of the kindness of the com- .
mittee, in presenting my views in relation to the
amendment sought to lie put upon this naval ap-
propriation bill. And here let me say, that no man
can look with indifference upon the increasing ex-
penses of our Government. No statesman can
look at the increase in the expenses of this branch i
of our aervica within the last ten or fifteen rears.
and put it by the side of the increase in every de- j
partment of the Government, without, if he be a j
prudent man and believes that nations, like pri- j
vate individuals, come to ruin by prodigality,
seeing that bankruptcy stares us in the face. One
of two things must happen. We must either !
curtail our expenditures or the people must be
ground down and oppressed by taxation. When
a man has to borrow the means to pay the inter-
est on his debt, without any increase to the means i
of paying that debt, his case is hopeless,—his ruin
is beyond redemption; he is in fact insolvent, be- 1
cause it is a continual increase to his burdens,
without adding anything to his hope of relief. It
is like a canker, which Is marching steadily on in
the work of death and destruction to his vitals, ;
and which must produce that consummation un-
less something is brought to its relief. We have '
at this time a public debt of more than eighty
millions in amount. We spend more than fifty •
millions annually to sustain this Government;and
we are compelled to resort to loans to pay the in- ,,
terest on the obligations which we have already |
incurred. As an honest man, as a statesman, I
cannot give my consent to any such career. If !
we were surrounded by the perils of war,—if the ;
defence of our flag and our honor required it, I i
should be willing that the credit of our country
should be advanced to borrow means to sustain
that defence, and I would call upon the gallant and ■
chivalrous youth of our land to go forth and bare ,
their bosoms to the dangers of the battle-field, to :
protect their country and their firesides. But in !
a time of profound peace, when all the elements ,
of prosperity are around us, when nature is pour-
ing out her bounties into our laps, and when there , |
is no reason for the country to bfrin debt, we are'i
called upon to go into the market, sell our credit, j
become borrowers, and render ourselves, as the |
wise man has said, " the slaves of the lender." !
We are continually adding to our burdens at a !
time that every prudent man would relieve him- .
self. We are adopting a system that is contin-
ually accumulating upon our hands, by the accu-
mulation of schemes and plans that will tax—
whom? Not ourselves! No. But will put a tax
upon our posterity, and will lay a burden upon
future generations, who will suffer from the con- j
sequences of our prodigality, and will remember i
us with anything but gratitude and veneration. j
But, Mr. Chairman, I propose to make a few
remarks in relation to that feature of this bill that
contemplates the construction of war steamers—or
rather, of what are called war steamers. And here
permit me to say, that it would be interesting to
review the history of this whole matter. When
the first effort was made here to ingraft this ser-
vice upon the Treasury, we were told that it was
for the transportation of the mails. And if we look '
at the debates on these projects, we find that noth-
ing was said about any object than that of pro-
viding a glorious chain of communication between
the various remote portions of the earth; and, to
increase the force of the argument, all the rich
tropes and figures of rhetoric were brought to bear
upon this subject. In the enactment of tne law you
authorized the Postmaster General to make con-
tracts for the transportation of your mails by
steamers, provided that the expense could be sus-
tained out of receipts. That law is now on the
statute book, but has not been adopted by the
Postmaster General, because it would have laid a
drain upon our Departments and upon the Treas- i
ury, and would have led to the neglect of our own
population. Nothing was then said, as now, that
these steamers must be established for purposes of
the national defence. It is like the beggar that
has bfefcn whipped from one parish to another.
These steamers first applied to the Post Office De
partment, and being whipped from there, now ap-
plies to the War Department.
To my mind, in this connection another ques-
tion naturally and properly arises: Have we a
constitutional right to make mail routes across
the «Pean, and establish post offices in foreign
countries? These steamers, as I have said, were
first advocated for this purpose. We find some
gentlemen advocating the policy of steamers under
Government patronage, because we have the right
through their agency to establish post offices and
post roads; other gentlemen advocate the right of
the Government to build steamers, on the ground
that we have the right and power to provide them ':
for our defence; and now M-e find the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs saying, in a speech,
as I find it reported in the Globe, that we have this
power to colonize Liberia and transport free blacks.
He says:
" If you deny the existence of this power, then yon take
from the Government that indispensable right—without
which no Government oil parth can maintain itself—that
right that is of the highest necessity to individuals, j s welt
as to nations—the right of self-preservation."
It is here not the right to establish post offices
and post roads; it is not the right to maintain and
provide for the defence of the country; but it is
the right of self-preservation as respects the colo-
nization of Africa and the removal of blacks.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man is certainly under a great misapprehension.
If he will but read a single sentence or two fur-
ther, he will find that in that part of my remarks
1 am not referring to the power to build these
steamers, but to the power, which has been con-
tested, of removing the free blacks from this coun-
try.
Mr. VENABLE. If I understand the gentle-
man, he defends the policy of removing them, and
removing them by this very African line, which
he wants established for thepurpose. I will read
the rest of the paragraph:
" I do not mean the right to maintain itself in the exercise
of unconstitutional authority: but I mean the right by all
appropriate means to secure to itself the ability, under all
circumstances, to fulfill its constitutional obligations and to
perform its constitutional functions. If it be necessary to
remove the free black population, in order that the Govern-
ment may have the ability to maintain in full force the con-
stitutional provision for the extradition of fugitive slaves,
then the Government must have the power to accomplish
that object. If it were necessary to overthrow a State for
that purpose—in order to maintain the supieroacy of the
law and the Constitution, it would be the duty of Oie Gov-
ernment to do it."
The difference between the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs and myself is, that
he considers a power to be granted by the Consti-
tution which I do not believe to be granted by that
instrument. There are primary powers which
have been given by the Constitution, and second-
ary powers to carry the primary powers into ex-
ercise; and whenever you make the primary power
the secondary power, and the secondary power
the primary power, you put a false construction
on tne Constitution—you make if the instrument
of oppression and injury. Now, the power to
provide and maintain a navy involves the second-
ary power of building and arming ships; but does
it involve the power of building ships to be used
for commercial and postal purposes, with a view to
a war which may break out some ten or twenty years
i hence, or which may never break out ? Wnat is a
navy? A navy is ships of war, armed, as contradis-
' tinguished from a mercantile marine. By what
I rule of construction can you arrive at the conclu-
sion that a vessel without a gun on board of it,
built in prospect of a war which may perhaps
never happen, shall be called a war steamer? I
ask you, upon what principle of construction an
! unarmed, feeble, defenceless steamer, which can-
not protect itself, and which perhaps, never will
carry a gun to defend our country—for I hope we
shall never be engaged in am*her war—shall be
called a war steamer?
Mr. MEADE made a remark quite inaudible to
the Reporter.
Mr. VENABLE continued. This} matter of
' building war steamers appears to me a somewhat
dubious thing. A steamer is built, guns are
placed on deck, gunpowder placed on board, and
a few charges fired off, and somebody is got to
swear that it is a war steamer. But from that day
forward, guns, gunpowder, and all appearances
, of war disappear from the decks of the steam
vessel, and she is put to her mercantile pursuits
without the slightest intention ever to replace the
guns that have been removed. The guns are
never put on her deck again, and yet gentlemen talk
about its being a great war steamer.
But, sir, we are told that the Government is not
to lose any money by this arrangement—that this
policy of authorizing the construction of steam
vessels will net prove a loss to us. The honora-
ble gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] in
presenting a proposition before this House last
night, even he, told us that by tint proposition
Government would lose nothing; that it would not
cost us one dollar; that we were merely asked to
loan our credit—the credit of Government.
Why, sir, I have always been led to rappoae,
that when Government lent its national t red it for
