1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
ciency. Sir, while I say this, I take occasion to
say, that I shall oppose any further mail-steamer
service. 1 will go for maintaining the efficiency of
the steam service now provided for, but 1 would
uot expend an additional dollar by establishing
new lines for steam service. I will, when the
proper time comes, say something more about one
particular line—I mean the Collins line. 1 am in
favor of that line. I think that we should keep
it up. It appeals to our national pride, and I be-
lieve it will pay to the Treasury every dollar ex-
pended upon it, and more them pay it. Sir, it is
not the time to launch upon new and doubtful ex-
periments in steam shipping. I believe when war
comes, if unfortunately it should come, it will re-
quire more to convert these steamships into ves-
sels of war, than to build them out and out new.
This is the opinion that has been expressed by
sagacious naval men. I regret that my time is so
limited that I cannot enter into a labored argument
upon this subject. I trust that whatever is done
in this House, will be done intelligently. I hope
that the expenses of the Navy will be kept within
proper limits, and every dollar liberally and freely
voted, which is demanded to keep the service in a
proper condition.
Allow me, having made this brief expression
of my opinion, to say, in the conplusion of my
remarks, that 1 regret that I did not obtain the
floor earlier. My term of service in this House
is about to expire. I desired to say something
personal in regard to topics which have been
introduced here in the course of thi3 debate.
I shall take occasion to say, that the remarks
which I submitted in allusion to the Secretary of
State, were made from a spontaneous feeling of re-
gard for that officer of Government. I regretted
that so unfortunate a topic should have been intro-
duced in that connection. I wish to make a per-
sonal remark with regard to myself. I will only
say, that those who supposed that I was selfish in
the remarks which I then made, misunderstood
me. Five years ago, standing in the very place
where 1 do now, I arose and vindicateed this great
statesman, when he was Senator of the United
States. I had but just returned from a foreign
mission, having voluntarily resigned my position.
When that resignation was accepted, it was ac-
companied with assurances that I had discharged
my duties to the satisfaction of my Government.
I was no more selfish than five years ago, when
occupying the same place which I now hold 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STRONG. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the motion is to strike out the
first section of the bill, and I submit that it is not
in order—that the committee cannot reject the bill.
Striking out the first section is equivalent to a re-
jection, as was held the other day, when a point
of order was made.
TheCH AIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] is mistaken. The ques-
tion is not upon striking out the first section, but
upon striking out the first provision. The Chair
holds it to be strictly in order to strike that out.
Mr. GERRY offered an amendment to reduce
the appropriation for the pay of superintendents,
and all the civil establishments at the several navy-
yards and stations, from $92,160 to $90,160. Mr.
G. was proceeding to make some remarks upon
the subject of mail steamers, when—
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order, that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Gerrt] was not in
order in offering remarks in regard to mail steam-
ers in explanation of his amendment, which had
no reference to mail steamers.
The CHAIRMAN cannot determine in advance
what positions the gentleman intends to take.
Mr. BURT submitted, whether the remarks
which had already been made by the gentleman
were in order ? I submit that the gentleman from
Maine is proceeding to make an argument in re-
lation to this line of steamers, which is not in or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN decides that the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Gerrt] is in order, and may
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. GERRY (who was indistinctly heard at
the Reporter's desk) was understood to say, that
he should submit a proposition hereafter from par-
ties who proposed to carry the mail between the
different points of the mail service on the Pacific.
They asked for no credit from the Government,
they asked for no money, while at the same time
they proposed to furnish to the Government pre-
cisely the same facilities tfiat would be derived
from other propositions.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to speak in opposi-
tion to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine. He said the bill was now being consid-
ered by paragraphs. They had not yet arrived at
the paragraph to which the amendment of which
the gentleman had been speaking properly applied.
He would suggest to gentlemen the propriety of
waiting until they had arrived at the paragraphs
in the bill to which their amendments would pro-
perly apply, when they could be offered in order.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Gerry]
to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to strike out the first paragraph of the bill,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he had an
amendment to propose, which he believed to be
in order. He moved the following, to come in at
the end of the paragraph providing for the pay of
the officers and seamen, viz:
" For the pay of the officers of the late Texas Navy,
$15,200; and the existing laws limiting the number of offi-
cers in the Navy of the United States, are hereby so far
modified as to authorize tlfe President to incorporate into
the naval service of the United States the surviving officers
of the late Texas Navy who were duly commissioned and
in the service of said Republic at die time of its annexation
to the United States: Provided, That the number of officers
to be incorporated shall not exceed one captain, six lieuten-
ants, one surgeon, three pursers, and two masters, in the
line of promotion : And provided, further, That upon the
death, resignation, or dismissal of any of the said officers,
the vacancies thereby created shall not be filled."
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order. He said
the eighty-first rule provided that no amendment
could be offered to any general appropriation bill
which was not intended to carry out an existing
law, or which was not necessary to carry on any
Department of the Government. He submitted
that the appropriation provided for in this amend-
ment was not authorized by any existing law, and
was not necessary to carry on the Government.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. STANTON appealed from that decision.
Mr. HOWARD called for the reading of the
eighty-first rule,
it w
was read, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto, for
any expenditure not previously authorized by law, unless
in continuation of appropriations for such public works and
objects as are already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment"
The question now being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" it was taken; and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers; but they
were not ordered.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, offered an amendment, which was
agreed to, reducing the appropriation for the civil
establishment of the several navy-yards, from
$92,160 to $91,160.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, then proposed
the following amendment, to come in at the end
of the appropriations for the civil establishment of
the navy-yards:
"After the word 'dollars,'in the fifteenth line,add:
" And the watchmen employed at the Washington navy-
yard shall be paid the same amount annually which is paid
to the watchmen of the several Departments."
Mr. S., in explanation of his amendment, said
that the watchmen employed in the navy-yard
were upon duty night and day, for which he be-
lieved their compensation was wholly inadequate;
they receive now only $1 der day. This proposi-
tion was to raise their salaries to $500 per year,
being an addition to their present salaries of about
thirty-seven and a half cents per day, and making
their whole pay about $1.37j per day. It merely
raised the salaries of these watchmen to same
amount which is paid to watchmen in the several
Departments. He thought the justice of the amend-
ment would commend itself to the favorable con-
sideration of the committee.
Mr. BAYLY said there was no analogy what-
ever between the watchmen at the navy-yard and
the watchmen at the Departments. Those at the
Departments were on duty from three o'clock in
the evening, when the Departments were closed,)
until nine o'clock the next day, when they were
again opened. It was on account of this excessive
labor that, at the last session, their salaries were
raised from $360 to $500. He thought tl\is in-
crease was just and proper, but he was opposed to
this amendment He saw no analogy between the
duties of navy-yard watchmen and the duties of a
watchman at the Departments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said he had an
amendment to offer to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. He offered the following:
" Provided, That the salaries of all officers, civil, naval,
and military, as well as members of Congress, lioldmg offices
under this Government, whence the salary is now $1,000,
and no constitutional prohibition, from and after the first
day of July, 1851, shall be reduced one fifth upon the whole
amount of salary: Provided, It does not reduce the salary
below $1,000, and then down to that sum."
Mr. J. said: Mr. Chairman, there has recently
been great talk about retrenchment in the enor-
mous expenses which are noiif required to carry
on the different departments of the General Gov-
ernment. And I think it is about time we
should pay some attention to this matter. The
expenses of this Government are running up to an
enormous amount, and this subject will have
to be discussed before the American people ere
I long by the two great political parties of the coun-
i try. W e are, in a time of profound peace, called
upon to appropriate between fifty and sixty mil-
I lions of dollars, to carry on the different depart-
j ments of the Government. Thismust be explained,
j and explained satisfactorily, to the country, or
I there will be a fearful reckoning in a short time to
come.
The great difficulty seems to be, in beginning
this thing of retrenchment, to know the proper
point at which to start. If you should commence
the reform in the Navy, why it would be said that
that is not the placc to begin. If you commence
with the Army, why that is not the place. If you
should commence with the civil department, it
would be maintained that that was not the proper
place to begin. If you commence your retrench-
ments in a time of peace, you are told that it is not
the proper time, for you must go on with this
great scheme of internal improvements, or some
other gigantic project which will require the ex-
penditure of large sums of money. In a time of
war, we are told that it is not the time to commence
retrenchments.
In the name of Heaven—in the name of the
American people, and the Constitution of the coun-
try, when will the time come in which it will be
proper to begin the work of retrenchment ? I think
we ought to begin with ourselves. If we first
begin with the salaries of the officers of Govern-
ment, it will be a tender to the country that we
intend to do something upon this subject. If we
begin with salaries here, then we may with more
plausibility carry the spirit of retrenchment into
the appropriations for the different branches of the
Government.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.Toombs] took
the true position upon this subject the other day,
and I avail myself of this occasion to thank him for
that speech. I hope that the argument he pre-
sented upon that occasion will go before the coun-
try. An far as I am concerned, I shall stand up
to the positions he assumed in relation to this sub-
ject; and, humble as I am, I should be glad to
range myself under his banner and contend for
this principle before the American people. Sooner
or later the question must come before them.
That gentleman took the true position; and what
was it? Why, that Congress are the guardians of
the moneys of the American people; and when
you talk about the President and the different
Departments expending money, you must know
that they cannot expend it unless you appropriate
it. The expenses of the Army alone, are some-
where about $10,000,000 annually. Why are we
called upon to appropriate the enormous amount
of $10,000,000annually for that arm of the service?
Are the twenty millions which are appropriated to
the Army and Navy necessary to the defence of
the country ? I tell you this question of Govern-
ment expenditures will have to come up sooner or
later, for the Army and Navy are the two great
arteries by which this Government will be bled to
death. It is time that these large and unnecessary
expenditures should be arrested. .
The question was then taken on Mr. John-
son's amendment to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
