760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The question then recurring on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, it was taken, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON offered the following amend- i
nient, ▼«: i
"To laritiM the pay of the clerk of the naval constructor ;
at Go*port, 9350.
Mr. M. said: This officer has been before Con-
gress as a petitioner for two sessions. His petition
has been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and as it was a very small matter it seems
to me that they could have found time to attend to
it. If that committee had acted upon the subject,
1 should have been spared the necessity of moving
this amendment to the bill. This increase has been
recommended by the officers in charge of the navy-
yard at Gosport—recommended by the Chief of
the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Re-
pairs, and also by one of the other heads of bu-
reaus, who is conversant with the duties appropri-
ate to the office. I know this man to be a most
worthy man. His salary is exceedingly small—
entirely inadequate for the duties which he is
called npon to perform. His salary at present is
about $fi50 per annum. The committee probably
know that Gosport is the most important navy-
yard in the United States. There is a large
amount of duty performed by this clerk than by
any other similar officer in the country. It has •
been estimated, and I believe the statement is cor- 1
rect, that this officer performs .nearly twice the
amount of duty performed by any other similar
officer in the country. The others receive the i
sa<ne amount of salary, although they are not re-
quired to perform half'the duties that devolve upon
hiin. I make the motion in this case with the assent
and concurrence of some of the members of the j
Committee of Ways and Means. My friend from 5
Tennessee, {Mr. Jones,] who, as the committee ;
well know, is one of the most economical members 1
of the House, is satisfied, I believe, that the in-
crease of salary in this case ought to be voted for.
1 would say to the committee—and perhaps they
have had some opportunity of judging of my own
economical disposition—that I would not have
submitted this amendment if I had not been thor-
oughly convinced that this was an act of sheer jus-
tice, and scarcely justice to the applicant. Sir, 1
wliile we are economical, let us do justice to the :
smaller, humbler officers of the Government. j
When you are squandering millions of money
npon mischievous objects, let us not refuse to
do an act of justice to a worthy and meritorious
officer now receiving the scanty sum of $650,
from which he has to support a large family. Do
not let us at this time be so niggardly economical
as to refuse this humble redress to a worthy offi-
cer.
Mr. JONES. I would barely state, that, in a
conversation with the gentleman who has just
taken his seat, I remarked to him that there ap-
peared to be merits in the case referred to, and
that if I was iir*favor of increasing the salary of
any individual, I should certainly not object to
his. I think that the duty of examining cases of
this character should be assigned to some com-
mittee, perhaps for each of the Departments, and
that they should take them up at some time when
we have regular sessions, ana when there will be
time to investigate the whole subject thoroughly,
and report to Congress what they think is right.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] allow me to suggest, that
if this matter has not been investigated by the
committee, it was not my fault, northe fault of the
applicant. His case has been before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means two sessions, and they
will do me the justice to say that I have frequently
and repeatedly called their attention to the case;
b'it they have not acted upon it, leaving me no
other alternative than to bring the matter before
the House in the manner that I have done.
The question was then taken on Mr. Million's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD offered the following amend-
ment to the bill:
" The President of the United State* is hereby authorized,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to incor-
porate the officers of the late Texas Navy into the Navy of
the United States, if, in his opinion, they are entitled to be
so incorporated by a fair construction of toe law annexing
1 exas to the United States."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out
of order.
Mr. HOWARD appealed from the decision of I
the Chair; and upon the appeal he asked for tell- j
ers. '
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breck and
Sweetser were appointed; and, the question being
taken, the tellers reported—ayes 80, noes 87.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, offered the following amendment:
" And for the removal of the wreck of the United States
steam-frigate Missouri from the harbor of Gibraltar, %80,000.
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to con-
tract for the removal of said wreck with Edward R. Robin-
son, or other persons, upon the plan submitted by Captain
George W. Taylor to the Navy Department in 1849; or upon
such other plan as may be deemed by the Secretary more
economical and efficient, allowing such advances, under
ample security, as may be deemed prudent and necessary,
to be paid out of the above appropriation."
Mr. HALL rose to a point of order. The
amendment did not provide for carrying out any
existing law, and was therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. WHITE said, he thought he should be .
able to show the existence of a law 
Mr. HOWARD rose to a point of order. A
question of order was not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN said he had already ruled
the amendment out of order.
Air. WHITE said there was an existing law
authorizing the appropriation, and he felt bound
to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The question now being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
Mr. WHITE demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the decision
1 of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing proviso to the appropriation for the pur-
chase of hemp:
" Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall here-
after purchase for the use of the Navy, in open market, if it
can be procured, American hemp, equal in quality to the
best foreign article."
Mr. S. said: He would simply remark that this
amendment was precisely similar to one offered the
last session. It provided that the Secretary of the
Navy should purchase for the use of the Navy,
in open market, if it could be procured, American
hemp, equal in ouality to the best foreign article.
He understood that an article was raised in this
country equal to the best foreign article. He did
not wish to make any further remarks. The
amendment was to carry out an existing law, and
he hoped it would be adopted.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, moved to insert the following:
"That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to cause the
wreck of the steam frigate Missouri to be removed from the
harbor of Gibraltar, in such mode as he shall deem expedi-
ent, by contract or otherwise! and that so much money be
and hereby is appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, as may be necessary to de-
fray the expenses of removing said wreck."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, on the ground that the appropriation was
not authorized by law.
Mr. BAYLY was proceeding to address the
committee, when
Mr. HOWARD (interrupting) rose to a point
of order. He objected to debate.
Mr. BAYLY said there was a law that required
this appropriation, and he could prove it
Mr. HOWARD called the gentleman f
ginia to order.
The CHAIRMAN said all debate was out of
order.
Mr. BAYLY appealed from the decision. There
was, he said, a law authorizing the appropriation.
Cries of "Order!" "Order!"
Th«ueetion now being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. BAYLY demanded tellers on the question.
Mr. GREEN said, before the question was taken
he desired to have the law read. If there was
such a law, it was the duty of Congress to carry it
out.
Mr. DUER asked the gentleman if there was a
! law passed authorizing this appropriation ?
Mr. BAYLY said there wm.
: gentleman from Vir-
Mr. DUER said, then there could be no doubt
about the amendment being in order.
The Ci.erk then read the law to which Mr.
Bvti.t had referred, authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy, by the use of the naval forces, to cause
to be removed the wreck of the steam frigate Mis-
souri.
Mr. BAYLY said that law authorized the ap-
propriation.
The CHAIRMAN said all debate was out of
order.
Mr. SCHENCK said there was another law re-
lating to the matter.
Cries of " Order!"
Mr. SCHENCK said he knew all about it, and
that the amendment was in order.
Loud cries of " Order!"
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Thomas
and White were appointed; and the question
being taken, the tellers reported—ayes 74, noes63.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, moved to insert the fol-
lowing item:
" For the purchase of two suits of Wells Sc McGownn's
submarine armor, to be used on board of vessels of war.
#4,000."
Mr. BO YD ijused a question of order. The item
' was not in continuation of any appropriation au-
thorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he should
1 be under the necessity of appealing from that de-
cision.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The next paragraph of the bill was then report-
ed, as follows:
" For ordnance and ordnance stores, and small arms, in-
cluding incidental expenses, $171,200."
, Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, moved to amend the paragraph by adding
thereto the following:
" And the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of
the Navy are hereby authorized to purchase, upon such
terms as tfaey may deem for the best interest of theGovern-
' ment, the patent right for manufacturing Francis's metallic
boats, including all improvements which have been and
; shall be made by him, for the use of the United States: Pro-
vided, they shall be satisfied, upon careful investigation, that
a saving will thereby accrue to the Government: Provided,
also. That the amount to be paid for the same shall not ex-
ceed the sum of .$50,000."
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected to the amend-
ment as not being in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK asked upon what ground the
Chair had decided ?
The CHAIRMAN asked if the gentleman from
Ohio appealed from his decision?
Mr. SCHENCK took an appeal.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the cotnmittee?" was
. then taken, and the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved to insert the
, following:
"That so much of the appropriation made by the act of
14th April, 1842, to carry into effect the contract made by
Congress with Robert L. Stevens, as may be supposed to
1 have passed into the surplus fund, be and the sameis hereby
reappropriated for its original purpose; and that the Secre-
tary of the Navy be hereby authorized and directed, after
making payment to the said Stevens for all materials fur-
nished and outlays made by him according to the provisions
; of said contract, to continue, in his discretion, the said con-
i tract with the said Stevens, fixing a reasonable time for its
performance s or else, after making the payments as pro-
vided herein before, to arrange with said Stevens for the
discontinuance of, or putting an end to, said contract, and
for the cancelling and surrender of all mortgages and securi-
ties relating to the same; and in the latter case, to make
compensation to said Stevens by the payment to him, out of
said appropriation, ofa sum of money not exceeding $75,000,
according to such award as may Oe made by a commission
to be appointed for the purpose of determining the amount
of money to be so paid, to consist of one person to be se-
't lected by the Secretary of the Navy, and of one person to be
I selected by said Stevens; and, in cass of their disagree-
j went, of an umpire, to be selected by the two commissioners
! disagreeing; and the award of said commission shall be
J J final and conclusive between the parties."
! Mr. HALL rose to a question of order. The
| amendment was clearly out of order. It was noth-
: j ing more nor less than a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
