1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
Mr. KING appealed from that decision.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the mover of that
amendment be allowed three hours to explain it.
The CHAIRMAN said all debate was out of
order.
Mr. DUER called for the reading of the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected to the
reading of the amendment. It had been read once,
and he thought that was sufficient.
The question now being, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
Mr. KING demanded tellers, but they were not
ordered.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to insert
the following:
" And for the purpose of flilly testing the results of ex-
periments made by tht Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrog-
raphy, in reference to the efficiency of heavy ordnance,
the President is hereby authorized to cause a vessel to be
built upon the most approved mode], and to be armed with
the most etfective ordnance which it is possible to serve
with safety on board ship at sea; and for this purpose the
sura of $35,000, with any unexpended balances on hand
under construction and repairs, is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
And the President shall have power, when, in his judg-
ment, the public interest will be thereby promoted, to cause
any vessel of the Navy requiring expensive repairs, from
decay or other causes, to be sold instead of repaired, and to
apply the proceeds thereof towards building other vessels of
improved model and with heavy guns, or to place the pro-
ceeds of Mich sale in the Treasury, communicating to Con-
gress from time to time a full and accurate account of the
sums so received, and of the disposition made thereof:
Provided, That in all vessels hereafter to be built* for the
Navy, white oak and other cheap timber shall be substituted
fbr live oak, as far as may be consistent with strength of
hull and economy of the public money."
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected to the amendment
as out of order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. HAYMOND moved to insert a proviso
after the appropriation for ordnance and ordnance
stores, viz:
" Provided, That the salaries of the clerks of the Bureau
of Ordnance and Hydrography shall be the same as those
allowed the clerks of the Bureau of Provisions and Cloth-
ing."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected to the
amendment as out of order.
The CHAIRMAN so decided.
The following paragraph was then read, viz:
" For metereological observations to be conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, $3,000.
" Provided, That the officer charged with the experiments
in gunnery at Washington shall hereafter receive the com-
pensation of a commander at sea."
Mr. PHELPS moved to strike from the above
paragraph the proviso. He said he had no dispo-
sition to take up a moment of time; but it seemed
to him that there was no analogy between the of-
ficer mentioned in this clause of the bill and a com-
mander at sea. He was stationed at the armory
in this city. His duties were not arduous, and he
thought $1,500 per annum was a sufficient salary,
which he believed was about the pay of a lieutenant.
He did not see any cause for raising it £1,000, or
any reason why he should be placed on the same
footing with a commander at sea.
Mr. GREEN said he felt bound to say, that,
although it was well known that he (Mr. G.) would
not advocate extravagance in any service whatever,
yet he believed this increase of salary ought to be
made. It had been recommended by the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Navy. He was
in the habit of managing heavy ordnance. His
labor was very severe, and it was right that the
Government should pay him for it. Hehad made
improvements in the efficiency of ordnance, more
than enough to warrant the increase of compensa-
tion which it was proposed to give him. ft was
only an act of justice, a simple act of justice, and
he hoped the committee would not refuse it.
Mr. BOWLIN said he had been informed that
if this amendment were adopted it would raise his
salary (2,500. He moved to strike out the words
"compensation of a commander," and insert
" $2,500"in lieu thereof. He wanted to have a spe-
cific amount, so that the committee could know
what they were giving. If the officer deserved a
higher salary he should not object to giving it to
him, but he wanted to give some specific amount.
Mr. BAYLY said he was opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
to strike out this proviso. He believed this in-
crease was well deserved. It was well known that
that officer had rendered a valuable service to the
Government by an improvement in the ordnance.
The Secretary of the Navy had recommended that
his salary be increased to that of a commander of
a vessel. This had been recommended by three
Secretaries of the Navy. Commodore Warrington
had also recommended an increase in his salary.
The amount he was receiving was not sufficient
to support his family here. He was a very meri-
torious officer, and he (Mr. B.) hoped this provis-
ion would not be stricken out. It was but an
act of justice. He had made many very import-
ant discoveries, for which he might have taken
out a patent and compelled the Government to
purchase it at an enormous expense, or to be de-
prived of his valuable discoveries. But this he
had refused to do, and now it was not showing a
proper spirit of liberality towards him to with-
hold this little compensation. He hoped this pro-
viso would not be striken out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, was proceed-
ing to make some remarks when—
The CHAIRMAN (interrupting him) said no
further debate was in order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bow-
lin's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Phelps's
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to strike
out the word "commander" and insert "captain."
He said he believed this amendment to be strictly
in order and germane to the subject. But his
principal object in offering it was to add his testi-
mony to that of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Baylt] in regard to the merit of this officer. He
knew that officer had rendered important service
to the Government. It was of sufficient conse-
quence as to entitle him, in the judgment of the
Secretary of the Navy, in the judgment of the
Bureau of Ordnance, and of every other Depart-
ment, to all the compensation provided for in this
section of the bill. He had rendered very im-
portant service to the Government. He had made
discoveries by means of which a revolution in our
whole Navy nad been brought about. He (Mr.
S.) had proposed an amendment the other day,
which the House so unceremoniously ruled out of
order, containing this provision. He hoped, in
view of all these circumstances, the committee
would allow him this little compensation. It was
the least they could do for him, and he was sure
that if the circumstances of the case were well
understood no one would hesitate for a moment to
grant it.
Mr. S. now asked leave to withdraw his amend-
ment.  
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, in opposition
to the amendment, said it seemed that there had,
of late, been a new principle introduced, upon
which the salaries of Government officers were
paid. It seemed the salaries of most of the offi-
cers were paid for doing nothing. They were
paid merely because they were officers, not for the
service they had rendered the Government. And
when an officer had done any service, he must re-
ceive additional pay—he must have an extra al-
lowance. He thought this was al] wrong. This
officer was employed by the Government, and the
Government was entitled to his full service. It
was entitled to all his efforts. He had no right to
come here for extra allowance. There were some
very scientific members of Congress here, who
had learned how to repeat a few technical terms,
and then come here and make a great display of
learning.
Mr. GREEN called the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to order.
Mr. JOHNSON said he was in order. If the
| gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Green] could not
see the application of his remarks, he (Mr. J.)
was not responsible for his obtuseness. He should
wait until he had time to explain them.
Mr. GREEN again called the gentleman from
Tennessee to order. He must confine himself to
the subject under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman must
confine himself to the amendment under consid-
eration.
Mr. JOHNSON said the proposition now be-
fore the committee wa&, to increase the salary of
an officer because he had shown some extraordi-
nary skill in his business. He had made some
discoveries in the science of hydraulics, or some
other.science. They did not think at the Depart-
ment that the matter came legitimately under their
jurisdiction, so they sent him hereto Congress.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman's time
had expired.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.]
Mr. PHELPS asked if it would be in order for
him to move an amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said it would not; but the
gentleman could modify his own amendment, but
could not speak to it.
Mr. PHELPS asked why it was not in order?
The CHAIRMAN said it had been repeatedly
ruled that a gentleman might modify his amend-
ment, but he could not move an amendment to his
own amendment. The pending amendment was
offered by the gentleman from Missouri, and he
therefore could not now offer an amendment to
that amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr.
, Phelps's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PARKER proposed the following amend-
1 ment:
" Jtndprovided, further, That the two officers employed
in the preparation of an ordnance code or manual, and also
in the arrangement and classification of the various articles
which enter into and become equipments of a vessel of war,
be each allowed an increase of pay corresponding to that
which, by the preceding proviso, is allowed to the officer
therein mentioned."
| Mr. JONES said he wished to move to strike
out the remainder of the paragraph last under con-
sideration, before the committee had passed by it.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Parker] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES moved to strike out from the para-
graph above, the following:
" For tnetereological observations, to be conducted under
| the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, $2,000."
j The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman from
| Virginia [Mr. Parker] had moved an amendment
| to the paragraph which the gentlemarf from Ten-
j nessee [Mr. Jones] proposed to strike out. It
would be in order to make that motion after the
amendment was disposed of.
! Mr. PARKER said that he held in his hands a
letter from the Bureau of Ordnance, which he
i wished to have read.
[The letter was read, stating that the amount of
compensation paid to the officers referred to' in the
1 amendment, was wholly inadequate to the amount
of labor performed by them, and recommending an
i, increase in their salaries.]
j Mr. HALL rose to a question of order. He
>| understood that this proposition was to increase
the salaries of officers now fixed by law, and,
therefore, was in violation of the eighty-first rule,
which prescribes that no amendment shall be made
containing an appropriation which is not author-
ized by existing laws.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
; Mr. PARKER appealed from that decision.
The question, " Snail the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
I taken, and the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained.
Mr. McDONALD proposed the following
amendment to the same section:
" Provided, That all officers discharging a like grade of
services, shall be entitled to the same pay."
Mr. BAYLY rose to a point of order. He
. thought the amendment was clearly out of order,
j The CHAIRMAN so decided.
Mr. JONES renewed his motion to strike out
the following:
" For meteorological observations, to be conducted tuider
the Secretary of the Navy, $3,000."
Mr. PHELPS said he should move to strike
out the whole paragraph, so as to include the pro-
, viso which he had before proposed to strike out.
Mr. JONES then modified his amendment so
as to strike out the whole paragraph.
Mr. HOLMES made some remarks in opposi-
tion to the amendment, which were inaudible to
. the Reporter.
Mr. VINTON stated that the proviso to the
