1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763T
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, appealed: and
The question being taken, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" it was decided in the affirmative. I
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. 1
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the following
paragraph:
" And the superintendent of the Naval Astronomical Ex-
pedition in Chili, directed by the act of the third of August,
1848, shall receive the same amount of salary as is allowed
to the superintendent of the Naval Observatory at Wash-
ington city, while he has been or may be in charge of that
eipedition."
Mr. J. said: That, sir, is another of these in-
creased compensations. In 1848 Congress di-
rected the Secretary of the Treasury to send some
officer of the Navy, not below the grade of a lieu-
tenant, to Chili to make some astronomical observ-
ations. He dispatched a lieutenant of the Navy,
whose salary is $1,500. This provision is to give
to that lieutenant of the Navy the same compensa-
tion as the officer in charge of the Observatory in
this city. That compensation is $3,000, and by
this provision, as it now stands in the bill, you in-
crease the salary of this lieutenant who has been
sent on this duty from $1,500 to $3,000.
Mr. HARALSON said: It is known to the
House that I am never in the habit of unnecessa-
rily consuming its time on any subject; but it so
happens that this is a subject on which I happen
to nave a little information, and I shall therefore
trespass for a short time on their attention. I am
as much disposed to economize the time of the
House as any gentleman here; but when an act of
injustice is proposed to be done to a scientific offi-
cer in your service, when the amount which he
now receives is hardly adequate to the support of
himself, much less of the support of his family, I
feel that I am called upon to raise my voice for
that justice which is attempted to be withheld from
him. It is true that the superintendent of the as-
tronomical expedition in Cluli is a lieutenant in
the Navy, and receives in that capacity the usual
salary $1,500; but he has been detached upon this
service under a law passed by Congress, sent away
from his family into a foreign land, and necessarily
has to expend a large sum of money over and
above what he would expend if he was at home
with his family. He receives the same amount of
money that is paid to a lieutenant in the Navy
waiting orders, but he As to sustain the expenses
of living abroad and maintaining the character of
the science of your country. He is not an ordina-
ry lieutenant in your Navy, but is one who stands
high in his profession, and has placed himself
nearly at the head of the scientific grade. I hap-
pen to know these things more by accident than
by anything else. I know that the amount which
he now receives from Government is a mere pit-
tance for the support of himself, much less for the
support of an interesting family, who reside in this
city, and with whom it has been my good fortune
to become acquainted. I am opposed to increas-
ing the pay of officers of the Navy; but when a
man is sent on an important scientific expedition !
of this kind, in obedience to a law of Congress and I
by the order of his superiors, it is but just that
you should pay him a sum of money adequate to
his support ana to the service which he renders to
the country.
Sir, it is only proposed by this section that he
shall be put on the same footing, as respects salary,
as the superintendent of the Observatory in the
city of Washington; but you do not by that means
equalize his pay, as the superintendent in this city
is furnished with a dwelling and all the comforts
of life. I ask, when the services of this officer are
as valuable as those of the superintendent of the
Observatory in this city, where is the justice 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HILLIARD moved to strike out the words
" the same amount of salary as is allowed to the
superintendent of the Naval Observatory at "Wash-
ington city," and insert $3,000.
Mr. H. said: Mr. Chairman, I agree entirely in
the remarks that have been made by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Haralson.] It is my good
fortune to know Lieutenant Gillis personally, and
I can speak to his high merits as an officer. We !
have sent him to the southern hemisphere to per- !
form dutiesrequiringabilities, education, and talents ■
of a "high order. It is a service entirely out of the
regular line of his duty. You have separated
him from his friends, you have sent him from his 1
associates in the Navy, and in that way in some !
degree debarred him from a prospect of promotion,
to perform a specific duty. And you simply pro-
pose to increase his salary in such a way as shall
enable him to support the increased expenditure
attendant upon his position, and the fact that he
has a family here, and is thus compelled to main-
tain two establishments. You have sent him on
a mission that renders it necessary that he should
maintain, in some degree, the character of your
Government, and this you can hardly expect him
to accomplish with the simple pay of a lieutenant.
I hope, therefore, that my amendment will be
adopted, which is, in fact, substantially the prop-
osition of the Committee of Ways and Means,
though worded in a more intelligible manner.
Mr. STANTON said: I oppose the amendment;
and I do so because I am in favor of keeping the
proposition as originally proposed. I agree with
all that the gentlemen from Alabama [Mr. Hil-
liard] has said, and I merely wish to make one
additional remark. Lieutenant Gillis is in a foreign
country, at the head of a very important expedi-
tion, in which capacity he must to some extent
support the dignity of the nation. He is doubtless
under the necessity of seeing strangers, and to
some extent-of entertaining them. How can we
expect an officer of ours, at a salary of $1,500, to
do this ?
Mr. EVANS inquired what had been the results
of the expedition ?
Mr. STANTON stated that the Chilian Gov-
ernment was so pleased with the results, that they
had made application to the officers in charge of
the expedition, to learn the science of astrono-
my.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hilliard's
amendment, and was decided in the negative.
Mr. STRONG moved to strike out the words:
" the same amount of salary as is allowed to the
superintendent of the Naval Observatory at Wash-
ington city," and insert $2,500.
Mr. S.said: I offer this amendment for the pur-
pose of saying that this mode of drawing bills I do
object to. It seems to be getting a practice, when
it is desired> to increase the pay of an officer, to
use this sort of disguise, and to give at the same
moment a sort of reason why the increase should
be made. " The same pay as is received by,"
&c., seems to be intended to say: " If this officer
receives a certain pay, so ought the one we pro-
pose to give increased remuneration to. I do not
say that it is purposely intended to disguise what
the real pay is intended to be, but such is the prac-
tical effect. Why not say $3,000 at once, and
then every one could understand it at once, and it
could be judged of by its real merits. As it stands
in the bill now, no one could tell what was the
salary proposed, for I do not believe that there
are twenty gentlemen here who can tell what the
superintendent of the Naval Observatory at Wash-
ington city does receive. Of course the amount
was well known to members of the Committee of
Ways and Means, but out of that committee there
are few gentlemen that have opportunities of know-
ing these things.
Mr. HOLMES opposed the amendment. Two
or three years ago, the Government had been re-
quested by the scientific corps of other nations to
make these observations, at the same time that
certain observations were also being made at the
Cape of Good Hope and at the Royal Observa-
tory at Greenwich; and Government had sent out
this expedition to Chili; and an expedition of this
kind must be headed by an officer of experience
and high attainments in astronomical information.
The object was an important one, and if they de-
sired it accomplished, and to do honor to their
scientific knowledge, they would increase the re-
muneration made to the officer in charge, who had
written home to say, that he must either return or
be better supported in the performance of his du-
ties. , If his salary were not raised, one of two
things must happen: either he must return, or he
must be made a debtor, the slave of the creditor.
Then send the money that he required.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the amendment
by inserting " $2,999 99" in lieu of "$3,000."
Mr. B. said: My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Strong] seems to be somewhat displeased
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
employed the sort of phraseology that is used in
this section. Well, there is no ambiguity about
it. There is no uncertainty about it. There is
nothing easier than to find out what this officer
receives, and then you will ascertain what we are
appropriating. But the gentleman will inquire,
no doubt, " Why not name the sum? Why em-
ploy this phraseology ?" Why, sir, for the plain-
est reason on the face of the earth. We wanted
that the section should speak for itself, and that
in increasing the salary of this officer, the section#
should show that we are only placing him on the
same footing as another officer performing similar
duties.
Mr. STRONG. I have but a word to say in
regard to this matter and in opposition to the
amendment. I did not accuse the Committee of
Ways and Means of any disposition to deceive or
mislead the House. I trust that I am above any
such charge against the committee or against the
gentleman individually. But I did say that the
tendency of such phraseology as was introduced
in this bill was to mislead the House; and no one
knows better than the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means that a large majority of this
House do not know and cannot know, without
taking time that they must devote to other busi-
ness, what the salaries of these various officers
are, or what is the salary of the superintend-
ent of the Naval Observatory at Washington. It
does seem to me that in legislation the object should
be to state in the shortest and most intelligible
form, precisely what is intended by the legislators,
and that might have been done by inserting the
sum here. But the gentleman desired that in draw
ing the bill the fact should be stated that the rea-
son for raising this salary was to make it equal to
the salary of the superintendent of the Naval Ob-
servatory at Washington, whose services are of
the same grade. Why not, then, insert the sum
and add," that being the salary of the superintend-
ent of the Naval Observatory at Washington." I
say that this sort of phraseology is calculated,
though not intended, to mislead the House, and
that we are called upon in this instance to vote in
the dark, without knowing what we are voting
for.
Mr. BURT. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. STRONG yielded the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BURT. I do not understand that either the
Committee of Ways and Means or the gentleman
from Pennsylvania have yet stated what is the
salary of the superintendent of the Observatory at
Washington. I wish to know what it is? •
Mr. STRONG. I do not know. I have never
heard.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is $3,000.
Mr. STRONG. With regard to this matter,
so far as I know, I cannot say. I have no inform-
ation, or means of obtaining it, at my disposal, by
which I could say it was either $5,000 or $20,000.
I am told that it is $3,000, but that is all I know
about it. Probably there are not twenty men in
this body that of their own knowledge know the
amount of this officer's salary. The members of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and other
gentlemen who have examined into this subject,
of course must be expected to know. I have no
doubt that the sum it is intended Lieutenant Gillis
should receive is $3,000;. then why not so express
it?
Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Strong's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on striking out
the paragraph, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. JONES offered the following proviso, to
come in after the paragraph:
" Provided, That the pay and emoluments of said officer
shall not exceed in any one year $3,000."
Cries of "Agreed!" "agreed!"
The proviso was then adopted.
The hour of half past three having arrived, the
committee took a recess until six o'clock.
•  
EVENING PESSION.
At six o'clock the committee resumed its ses-
sion, (Mr. Richardson in the chair.)
Mr. McCLERNAND thought that a call of the
House would probably expedite business. He
therefore moved that the committee rise, with the
view of having a call.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
