1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
Mr. JONES desired to offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said no amendment was
now in order.
ernment, without doing him the greater injustice j
of setting him afloat, and permitting this G-overn- 1
ment, and a combination of men around the De-
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (resuming.) I hare node-
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded ; partment, to cheat him out of the poor remnant ' sire to make a speech at all; but I am satisfied that
tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Beale and
Clingman were appointed. The question was
then taken, and the tellers reported—ayes 95,
noes 29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mi. McCLERNAND asked what was the
amendment before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN replied, it was on the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee; [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. McCLERNAND asked if it was not open
to amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee had moved to strike out a
paragraph of the bill, and insert a substitute in
lieu thereof.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, thought the
Chair was under a mistake in regard to the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.]
It was to amend, not to strike out.
Mr. JONES said he thought the amendment
was amendable.
The CHAIRMAN said it was not in its present
state.
Mr. JONES desired to inquire if there was any
rule in parliamentary practice which prevented an
amendment being amendable at any stage?
The CHAIRMAN said there was not. He
that is left to him ? It seems to me that this De-
| partment designs to perpetrate a wrong, by delay-
i' mg the work until his patent shall have expired,
and after it has expired to select some favorite to
bestow the job upon. This is the scheme which,
• it seems to me, is contemplated by their actions.
This Government has been committed in good
faith to this contract, and they should .carry it out
in good faith. The proviso which I have intro- ,
duced here, reserves to him the poor justice of
purchasing his right of discovery in the work.
we ought not to have any dock there. I wish the
question was presented in some shape so that we
could get the sense of the committee upon it. The
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] I think, was voted for without being
understood. If we adopt his proposition, why we
shall authorize the construction of such a dock as
is proposed by that proposition. If, on the other
hand, we reject the proposition, we shall leave the
existing law in force, which. I consider more ob-
jectionable than the amendment. If, on the other
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I am a little hand> a majority of the committee are of the opin-
surprised to hear the remarks made by the gentle- 'on that we should have no dock there at all, by
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] in declaring that adopting my amendment as a substitute, they will
the Government is about to usurp, exercise, and attain their object.
use the patent which has been granted to some of! . ^r- MEADE. I am opposed to this proposi-
these alleged contractors. We are making pro- ^,on 'he gentleman from North Carolina, tMr.
visions for the fiscal year ending June, 1852. The
; Secretary of the Navy tells you that the patent
i under which the contract was made will expire the
5th of May, 1851. The Secretary of the Navy,
in answering the resolution of inquiry adopted by
this House on the 20th of January last, tells you
that letters patent for this sectional dock expired
in May, 1851. I therefore say that the Govern-
ment of the United States will not infringe upon
the patent of these persons.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] says
based his decision in relation to this matter upon we have made a contract, an& that these persons
!?Vr®'Z dlfrer?t eroun(,s- T_he, committee had have been subjected to great expense in the pur-
stricken out the proposition of the Committee of
Ways and Means, offered by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Batlt,] and inserted 
[Cries of " No ! no !"] /
Mr. TOOMBS said the committee had stricken
out nothing.
Mr. OTIS wished to offer an amendment to the
original amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClernand] was entitled to the floor
The Clerk then reported the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Batlt.]
The CHAIRMAN said he understood the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to offer
his proposition as a substitute.
Mr. ST ANTON strifed that he did at first pro-
pose to offer it as a substitute, but afterwards al-
tered it. He offered it as an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClernand] was in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND then offered the follow-
ing amendment:
" Provided, That before making such contract the said
Secretary of the Navy shall give at least sixty days' notice,
by advertising in the usual way."
Mr. McC, said he had no remarks to make upon
this amendment. It would apeak for itself. I
The question was then taken by tellers upon i
Mr. McClernand's amendment, (Messrs. Ste- j
vens, of Pennsylvania, and McMullen acting,)
and carried in the affirmative—ayes 73, noes 66. j
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER inquired if it was now in order
to offer an amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative. !
Mr. CARTTER then offered the following j
amendment: j
"Provided, furtker, Thst the Government extinguish the !
patent-right for the dry-dock before entering into contract." |
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, I wish to make a 1
remark or two. As I understand the condition of '
this subject, in the last Congress we authorized :
the executive branch of this Government to make ■
a contract for the construction of a dock, and con- |
nected with it a basin and a railway. The Gov-
ernment informally, and not by a sealed instru- I
ment, consummated that contract with the patentee 1
of this proposed dock. This Congress, or this
session of the same Congress, have just excluded
chase of timber and lumber for the purpose of
being transported to California. Why, the very ,
statement shows that it is nothing but a humbug i
—this idea of carrying timber from the Atlantic I
coast to California, when you know that the j
price of lumber has been reduced within the I
last three months in California to a point as low j
as it is on the Atlantic coast. You can now pur- j
chase lumber at San Francisco as cheap as it can
be purchased at New York. By the late papers '
of California, you will see that lumber can be 1
transported from Oregon to California at a cheaper I
rate than you can transport it from the Atlantic
coast.
I say that there was no contract made by the j
Secretary. I say that the Secretary was bound '
i to advertise for proposals, as the law requires him
- i to do. If he had made the contract, as was pro-
! posed at that time, the Secretary would have been
! j liable to impeachment, because he would have
: ■ violated the laws which he was appointed to exe-
I! cute. ;
!' A resolution was passed on the 17th of January i
|' making inquiry in relation to that contract, and ;
|j an answer waq. received on the 20th. The reso- j
| j lution of inquiry passed this House, and from that |
11 moment it was known that the Secretary of the 1
ll Navy refused to do anything more in relation to
j | proposals. The contract was made for the purpose
;' of obtaining lumber and timber to be carried to
! j California, and upon the face of the statement it
, appears to be a falsehood.
Clingman.] I am opposed, moreover, to the
execution of the contract as entered into by the
Secretary of the Navy. I take the view of
this question as originally presented- by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs:] when the
Government of the country has entered into a
contract, which they afterwards discover to be
an injudicious one if executed, they have a
right to abrogate that contract by repairing the
damages done to the contractors. For this reason
I am opposed to the execution of the contract as
entered into. Sir, I am in favor of having a dry-
dock erected in the waters of the bay of San Fran-
cisco. I have no wish to drive thousands of ves-
sels from the waters of the Pacific ocean to the
Atlantic every time they need repairs. A dry-
dock at San Francisco would not only furnish
facilities for the commercial marine of the United
States, but is almost indispensable to their naval
marine. A dock erected there for the purpose of
repairing vessels, would save a trip of some three
or foar months to the dry-dock in New York and
elsewhere.
Mr. Chairman, I Bay that whenever we enter
into a contract with a private individual, we should
be more scrupulous in observing and fulfilling that
contract than even private individuals should be;
and why? We have redress against private indi-
viduals: the individual contractor, in case of aH
injury done him, has no redress against this Gov-
ernment. We should set an example, thereforp,
of observing our contracts scrupulously and to the
letter, and never to abrogate them unless we find
that it is our interest to dispense with the work
altogether on our part. If we find that we cannot
enter into this large expenditure, as originally con-
tracted for, let us abrogate so much of it as we do
not want, and at the same time repair all damages
that may have been done. If we determine, how-
ever, to carry into effect a portion of the contract,
who is entitled to it? The parties with whom we
; made the contract for the entire work are clearly
| entitled to it. If we want to advertise for the
; building of a dry-dock in the bay of San Fran-
I oisco, and bidders should come forward and offer
It was only presented , , . . ,
for the purpose of obtaining money from the 'I 10 hid for less than the original contractors, they
United States to which the parties were not enti- ; are m equity and honorentitled to thedifference be-
tied. The idea of transporting materials and
lumber, from which the dock was to be constructed,
was a ridiculous absurdity.
[Hare the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cart* J
ter's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN offered the following amend-
ment as a substitute for the whole matter: j
"And it it further enacted, That any law heretofore j
passed, authorizing the construction of a dock, rail way, and
basin, or either of them, in California, be and the same is j
hereby repealed."
Mr. C. said: My object is to get a vote upon this
single proposition. I am satisfied myself that we
from that contract $1,000,000. Tfley are now fought not to construct any dock, and I believe a
perpetrating the gross injustice, after he has in- majority of the committee are of that opinion.
vested his interest in it, to some extent, of en- i Mr. ASHMUN rose to a point of order—that
deavoring to cheat him out of the balance. We the gentleman's amendment was not in execution >
have already provided, by the action we have just 1 of the law, but it is for the repeal of the law.
taken, that the work shall be confined to a sec- 1 The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
tional dock. We have also provided that the esti- and decided that the gentleman from North Caro- :
mates of that work to be paid to this contractor, Una [Mr, Clingman] might proceed with his re-
shall be done under the law and according to the i marks. .......
figures of the Department. Is not this throwing il Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision of j j fore made are reasonable and just. Now, I ask
that man sufficiently within the power of the Gov- ;; the Chair, H the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meads,] the
tween the lesser and the greater sum.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would aak the gentleman
whether, if we should repeal the law requiring the
erection of a dock, we should not be required to'
pay them ?
Mr. MEADE. If I thought, as the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] did, that we
should not have any dock at all, I would go for a
repeal of the law, and make damages and repara-
tion to the parties for the whole contract. I disa-
gree with him in regard to the policy of a dry-
dock. I think we ought to have one, and that it
would be wise economy to have one. I shall vote
against the proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved an
amendment pro forma. Hesaid: Some gentlemen
seem to think that the contract could be abrogated
without great damage being done to these contract-
ors. According to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] the Secre-
tary of the Navy is not to complete this contract
unless he should believe that the estimates hereto-
