766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] and every
gentleman upon this floor, how the Secretary of
the Navy is to know whether the estimates are
reasonable and just, unless by advertising for con-
tractors to make proposals? I am willing that
these contractors, provided the estimates are rea-
sonable and just, should have the benefits of the
contract. I am in favor of advertising for sixty '
days, according as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McClernand] provides in his amendment,
and then it will be known whether these estimates
are reasonable and just.
Mr. HOLMES (who was quite inaudible at the
Reporter's desk) spoke briefly in opposition to the
amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS then withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the proviso by striking out " sixty" and
inserting " ten" in lieu thereof.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that the amendment
was out of order. • He wished to know if the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina !
[Mr- Clingman] was not now pending? j
The CHAIRMAN said that that was a propo- !
sition to strike out the entire provision; but by
the rules of the House it was first in order to per-
fect what was proposed to be stricken out.
[The confusion and excitement in the Hall at
this time was very great.]
Mr. HALL rose to a question of order. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] had
Eroposed an amendment that the contract should
e advertised for sixty days, and that amendment
had been adopted. The committee had therefore
decided that the contract should be advertised for
sixty days, and it was not in order to move to
strike out sixty and insert any other number.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order;
but his decision was not heard by the Reporter
in consequence of the confusion in the Hall.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that
he had offered this amendment with a view to
make a comment or two with regard to the benefit
of these dry-docks.
Mr. SCHENCK (interposing) desired to know
if the committee had yet voted on the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia?
Mr. STEPHENS said that he had withdrawn
■ it.
Mr. THOMPSON (resuming) said that he
Yould not give way again unless called to order
by the Chair. It was a little remarkable that
there should be so many points of order in such a
disorderly body. [Laughter.] He was going on
to remark, when interrupted, t>n the effect of the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McClernand.] It was an effort by indirect
means to abolish the act of last session in regard
to the dry-dock in California, although he knew
that in general the gentleman from Illinois pro-
ceeded directly to the point which he intended to
accomplish. At the last* session of Congress an
act was passed authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to construct a certain dock. Of what kind ?
A floating-dock with a basin and railway, and he
was authorized to estimate the cost and contract
for the work. He has estimated it, and he has
entered into contract, although it may not have
bgen reduced to writing. At the last session of
Congress the House had sufficient information as
to the necessity of this dock.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interposing,)
begged to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
-whether he considered that the estimates stated in
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
were just and reasonable?
Mr. THOMPSON made some reply not heard.
Mr. STEPHENS wished to have a distinct an-
swer to his question, because if this contract
should be set aside for fraud, fraud vitiates every-
thing. He asked the gentleman again if these esti-
mates were just and reasonable ?
Mr. THOMPSON asked the gentleman in-
tendedeto say that the Secretary of the Navy
•would be guilty of fraud ?
Mr. STEPHENS had said no such thing, but
the Secretary should advertise for sixty days to
see whether this contract was reasonable and just.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Then
the gentleman subscribed to the monstrous doc-
trine that they had a right to vitiate and destroy
the contract. He (Mr. T.) would subscribe to no
such doctrine. To take the patent and use it,
would be plunder. If the House wished to recede
from the act of last session, let them do it directly,
and compensate the contractors.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWEETSER (who was very indistinctly
heard throughout, in consequence of the noise
around him) next obtained the floor and said:
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as
well as to the amendment to which it is an amend-,
ment. During this debate much has been said in
relation to the fact that this contract has not been
formally made, or formally given, and I am sur-
prised that the gentleman from Illinois would offer
a proposition here which seeks to place this matter
entirely beyond the reach of any of the parties in-
terested in this contract.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (interposing.) As I may
not have an opportunity to reply to these animated
and energetic remarks, I wish to say that I de-
mand of the gentleman in the first place to show
that there is a contract.
Mr. SWEETSER. Sir, the Secretary of the
Navy has declared to Congress that a contract has
been*made—that estimates have been made to the
proper officers of the Government, and that a con-
tract has been entered into. Sir, there is another
fact, in connection with this matter. The very
parties that gentlemen from the West represent,
and particularly the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps] 
Mr. PHELPS. What parties do I represent?
Mr. SWEETSER—their bid, insomuch as re-
lates to a sectional dock, exceeds the bid of the
present contractors.
Mr. PHELPS. If any man says that any of
my constituents are interested in this matter, he
says what is untrue.
[Great confusion.]
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman misappre-
hends me. What I mean to say is, that there is
a gentleman from Missouri here who is a compet-
itor for this contract.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not know him. I never
exchanged a word with him.
Mr. SWEETSER. Those gentlemen who are
stirring up difficulties in this matter will all come
in and compete before the Secretary of the Navy,
taking the estimates and bids of the contractors.
So far as relates to the present contractors, there
is no fraud; and those gentlemen who are for post-
poning this matter for sixty days are not aiding
fair competition, but they are postponing it be-
yond the existence of a patent which they have
no power to abrogate. This amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois only seeks indirectly to
violate this contract, made on the part of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. 1 put it to the gentleman
from Illinois, if he had made a proposition of the
amount which he would give for certain work, and
i the party with whom he was bargaining had agreed
to that proposition, and the bargain was concluded
and the contract was to be drawn up next morn-
ing; and if, without any good cause, he was after-
wards to attempt to abrogate that contract, would
he not consider that he not only owed the party an
apology, but that he was bound to make him re-
paration ?
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomp-
son's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SEDDON offered the following amend
ment:
" Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy be instruct-
ed and authorized to ascertain and report to the next Con-
press whether any damages have resulted to any persons
claiming to be contractors under any alleged contract here-
tofore made by him for the construction of a dock, basin,
and railway in California, and if so, the amount of such
damages."
Mr. S. said that it seemed to be conceded by
this House that if any contract heretofore made
should be set aside, compensation should be made
to the contractor for any damages he may have
actually sustained. It was likewise conceded that
although this contract might not have been in all
its legal forms a valid one, yet that the contractor
had probably been led to suppose that it was
such, he was entitled to receive the amount of
the damages he had sustained. He (Mr. S.)
thought that it would be injustice in Government
if a valid contract were made with an individual,
that it should be set aside without compensating
the injured contractor.
Mr. STRONG inquired whether there was any
law that would release Government from any con-
tract that it had entered into ?
Mr. SEDDON. I think not.
Mr. STRONG. Clearly not.
Mr. SEDDON said there was no law that
would release Government from any contract it
might make, although it had the power to rescind
its contracts by an act of legislation. At the same
time it was just that it should compensate such con-
tractors as might have sustained loss hy'auch un-
fulfilled contracts. If the amendment he proposed
were adopted by the committee, it would provide
for such cases of presumptive contracts as that
said to have been entered into by the Secretary of
the Navy. If Congress set aside that contract,
it was an act of simple honor and justice that
they should make compensation to the contractor.
He (Mr. S.) made this pfoposition with purely
disinterested views. He had no interest in the
case whatever. He did not know any of the con-
i tractors, and had not therefore the slightest sym-
pathy with any design upon the Government.
He stood in that Hall as a representative of the
people, feeling a regard for the honor and the justice
' of Government, desirous that they should not
violate any contract ^without at the same time ma-
king provision for adequate compensation for such
violation and for any injury that might in conse-
quence accrue. So far as his (Mr. S.'s) personal
opinions were concerned, he thought that we ought
to construct a dock upon the Pacific, though he
did not see the necessity for a basin and railway.
He did not see the necessity for setting aside the
whole contract, however, because the basin and
, railway were not needed; that portion of the con-
tract might be set aside and the rest remain. But
i however that might be, they were bound to com-.
| pensate contractors for the injury they sustained
J from the violation of their contracts.
| [Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. BOKEE was opposed to the amendment.
He did not do so because he was less anxious than
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Seddon] to sus-
tain the national honor and character for justice,
but because he deemed the amendment altogether
useless and unnecessary. If it were true that a
contract had really been entered into, no power,
and no act of Congress could prevent the contract-
ing and injured parties fymi recovering damages
consequent upon the repeal of the contract, from
the Government.
Mr. SEDDON (interposing) inquired what
I remedy the contractors had, if their contract were
violated?
Mr. BOKEE. They had precisely the same
remedy that ail men had against the injuries they
might sustain from Government. If they had a
claim against the justice of Government, they
could prefer it in that Hall, through the Repre-
sentatives of the people. He would ask gentlemen
if a just claim were presented, would that House
refuse todo justice? Would they not grantallthe
compensation that justice demanded ?
But apart from those considerations, he wished
, to add tnat he denied that Government had made
i any contract at all. He met the issue upon that
broad and open ground—that there never had been
any contract. There had been conferences be-
tween the parties, and upon this very subject, but
in point of fact no regular and legal contract had
, been made. They had been called upon to pre-
sent estimates of the cost of a dry dock and basin
and railway in California, and they had stated the
• sum of $3,000,000. They had, perhaps, been in-
formed by the Secretary of the Navy that if Con-
gress would appropriate that money and authorize
such a contract, that the contract should be theirs;
but nothing more than that had, or could have been
done.
Mr. SEDDON (interposing) made a remark
altogether inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. BOKEE was desirous of experiencing no
more interruptions. His time was limited. If the
Secretary of the Navy declared that the contract
had been entered into—that it was a bona fide
transaction, then it would be time enough to make
the provision that was contemplated by the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia. If
then Congress were determined to violate the
contract, for the purpose of economy, or for any
other object, they might make compensation for
the damages sustained by the contracting parties.
, But until that was done—until it was shown au •
