1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
thoritativefy, on the evidence of the Secretary of j
the Navy, that a contract had been entered into,
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Seddon] was certainly premature and un-
necessary.
The question was tlien on the adoption of Mr.
Seddon's amendment.
Mr. CLINGM AN rose to a point of order. He
understood that the gentleman from Virginia pro-
posed to amend his amendment, which was an
amendment to an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided that Mr. Seddon's
amendment was out of order, an amendment to an
amendment not being amendable.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
point of order. He understood that the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingmav] offered an
amendment as a substitute for the paragraph as it
stood amended by the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia was then to amend that sub-
stitute before the motion was taken on striking
out.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Mississippi did not appear to apprehend the
position of the proviso. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia. [Mr. Meade] was
amended by the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] and was not,
therefore, subje^fc) further amendment. j
Mr. SEDDO^^nquired if it was not in order
to amend the proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] before the vote was taken
on striking out ?
The CHAIRMAN stated it would.
Mr. SEDDON said he intended his proviso as
an amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia; but if the substitute of the gentle- ,
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] were j
adopted, then he would move it as an amendment i
to that substitute. [
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment !
would then be in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Seddon's
amendment; an'd was decided in the negative.
So the amendment was disagreed to. '
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend- j
ment by adding the words " such damages to be
ascertained by a board of disinterested commis-
sioners."
Mr. S. adeftessed the committee as follows: My
object, Mr. Chairman, is to enter my dissent from
some doctrines which have been advanced here in
connection with this matter. Notwithstanding all
that has been said in regard to there being no con-
tract, I say that there is a contract, and the most ;
conclusive evidence of it has been presented to this ,
House. What does the Secretary of the Navy
tell you ? He informs the House that he made a
proposition to these contractors; that they took a
day to consider of it, and then came and accepted
his proposition. He then directed this contract
thus agreed upon to be reduced to writing, but be- ,
fore it was written and signed, a resolution of the
House passed, which induced him to arrest his
proceedings.
Gentlemen say that there is no contract, because
it is not yet reduced to writing. Why, what is a
contract ? I thought that the writing was but the
evidence of the existence of the contract, and that
the contract itself was another thing. I admit that
under the statute of fraud, and other general legis-
lation, you may require certain contracts to be in
writing. I admit that parties may enter into a
contract, and agree specifically that the contract ,
shall be in writing; but where there is no specific
agreement, and no general legislation requiring it
to be in writing, it is a-contract, whether it be in
writing or not. Now, what is the case with the
contracts made by the Secretary of the Navy?
They are sometimes verbal, sometimes reduced
to writing—most usually reduced to writing, but
there is no general law requiring it; nor is it re-
quired by the special act of legislation under
which this contract was made. It simply author-
ized a contract to be made, without specifying
whether that contract should be in writing or not.
The written form is the proof of the existence of
the contract, but the contract itself being a propo-
sition made by the Government, and accepted, is
as fairly, and fully, and honestly, and honorably
made, as a contract could possibly be. I say all
this with due deference to the opinions of gentle-
men around me, of whom about ninety-nine out
of one hundred are lawyers. But I submit that
the form of writing is but evidence of the contract,
not the contract itself. You may seize upon this
patent right, but you must pay damages, or you
may make a contract and then violate it, provided
you pay damages. Now, sir, if this were a mat-
ter between individual and individual, there would
be no great difficulty. If I have a contract with
my neighbor, and I believe that it is a contract
ruinous or injurious to me, I may, at my election,
either fulfill the contract or violate it, and pay
whatever amount of damages the other party may
be able to enforce against me. He and I can sub-
mit it to a common arbitor. But in this case
the Government proposes to violate the contract,
and the Government will be the judge whether it
has been violated, and what amount of damages is
to be paid. Is that honest? Is it fair? Is it right?
I say it is dishonest. I know if I was a con-
tractor, I would sooner take a contract with any
convict in the penitentiary than with the Govern-
ment. I do not go now into the merits of this
contract. I am speaking in relation to the princi-
ples advanced here in regard to our action as a
legislative body 
[Here the hammer fell, the five minutes having
expired.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. Contrary to my ex-
pectation, I find that the amendment adopted by
the committee on my motion has awakened rather
an extraordinary excitement. Gentlemen have
resisted the amendment more by declamation and
assertion than by facts and argument. As for Mr.
Dacon, the alleged contractor, I did not know that
he was the contractor interested until the fact had
been developed by debate. I have known him here
in Washington for several years, and so far as
my intercourse extended, always found him to be,
what I have no doubt ije is, a worthy and intelligent
gentleman. Two questions present themselves in
the consideration of this matter: First, whether
any authority existed for making the alleged con-
tract? Second, whether in fact a contract had been
made? If the law of 1842, requiring contracts
for supplies and materials for the Navy to be ad-
vertised beforehand, applies to this case, as has
been alleged, then no authority existed for ma-
king this contract, for the requirement of the law
was not complied with. Second, no contract was
in fact consummated, because the Secretary of the
Navy, in obedience to the resolution of the House,
refused to do so. Besides that, only offers had
been previously made between the Secretary and
Mr. D., which had been, as I understand, mu-
tually declined in the first instance; in the mean
time other offers having been made. Under such
circumstances, it is submitted whether the Secre-
tary could have been fairly bound by a subsequent
acceptance on the part of Mr. D.? I have, sir,
looked only to the public interests, and to what I
supposed was proper in what I did. I have had
nothing to do with individuals on the subject. I
am unbiassed by them. Why the excitement of
the gentlemen from Ohio [Messrs. Cartter and
Sweetser] on this subject? Why the personal
feeling they have evinced ? They seem to know
all about the personnel of the matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUER inquired if an amendment was now
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; there is already
an amendment to an amendment pending.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee rise.
He made the motion in order to get rid of the con-
fusion that prevailed in the Hall.
The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused to rise.
The question was then taken on Mr. Schenck's
amendment, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DUER moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting " thirty days."
Mr. D. said that he was not prepared to vindi-
cate any contract that the Secretary of the Navy
might have made, nor was he disposed to say
that the contract had been made, if the Secretary
of the Navy should say that he had not made one.
It was not so important a point to be decided as
to demand so much consumption of time. Sup-
posing a person did make a contract, was he
thereupon bound to have the work performed, if
afterwards found that that work was unnecessary?
Could you compel him to have it done? The
most that could be enforced would be that the
contracting party should be paid for any damages
that he might have actually sustained. It ap-
peared to him (Mr. D.) that in this contested case
there was really no contract entered into. The
usual legal forms had not been gone through, the
contract had not been attested in writing and duly
certified, and until this was done, the contract
could not be considered binding, and there could
not be any liability. If it had not been settled
according to the terms of a contract, then it was
no contract.
Mr. ASHMUN would ask the gentleman from
NewYork [Mr. DuerI if it were necessary that
the transaction should be in-writing to render it a
contract ?
Mr. DUER. It was an absolute necessity; but
if it were an understood agreement between parties
that the agreement should be in writing it must be
so effected. But he was willing to leave it irt the
hands of the Secretary of the Navy, and let him
say whether or not a contract had been entered
into. He was willing to leave it and the question
of damages with him, and abide by his decision.
Mr. VINTON opposed the amendment. As re-
garded the real merits of the contract he had very
little to say. He had risen with a very different ob-
ject in view. The bill under consideration was
an exceedingly elaborate one in its details, indeed
almost as much so as the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill. This was the last day but one
of the session, and many and important bills had
yet to receive the final action of the House. The
discussion had gone on, gentlemen were rising one
after the other, proposing amendments and speak-
ing to their amendments, and in this way the time
was rapidly being consumed. He therefore did
hope that gentlemen, in view of the shortness of
the time and the pressing nature of the business
yet to come before them, would consent to stop
febate on this bill. He would move that the
committee rise, with a view to introduce a resolu-
tion suspending the five minutes rule.
The question on rising was taken, and decided
in the affirmative.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro •
teto. (Mr. Boyd) having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution suspending
the five minutes rule.
Mr. SWEETSER objected.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded the yeas and nays
on the suspension of the rules, and also demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays; neither of which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were suspended.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the five minutes rule
be suspended.
The question being taken, the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. POTTER inquired if that motion did not
prevail, whether it would be in order for him to
report back the cheap postage bill? (Cries of
" No, no!") He merely wished to put the inquiry
to the Chair.
Mr. MEADE rose to a privileged question.
He moved to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution suspending the five minutes rule had
been adopted, and to lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER said that that motion could not
be entertained pending a motion to suspend the
rules; but the gentleman from Virginia could have
his motion entered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
motion to suspend the rules and to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Bouse.
Mr. CLINGMAN wished to modify his amend-
ment, by incorporating with it the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon,]
slightly altered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Duer's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Clingman's
amendment as modified.
Mr. PHELPS wished the amendment to which
