THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $150 FOR THIS SESSION,
31st Congrksi, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1851.
New Series.....No. 49.
appropriation was made at all by the amendment.
{Renewed cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, on the ground that it was to carry out no
object authorized by law, and was not germane
to the bill.
Mr. MEADE appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and demanded tellers, which were ordered.
The question being taken on the appeal, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
Ihecommittee?" (Messrs. Harris, of"Illinois,and
CoRwrw acting as tellers,) it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 119, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
It being now ten o'clock, p. m.,
Mr. MORSE inquired if it would be in order for
him to move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of offering a resolution to take a recess till
to-morrow, (Sunday,) at eleven o'clock.
[Loud cries of " Oh, no!" and " Not on Sun-
day!"}
The CHAIRMAN said that a motion that the
•committee rise was in order. The other was a
matter for the House to determine.
Mr. MORSE asked the unanimous consent of
the committee to say five words in favor of such
a motion.
Many members objected, and there were cries
of " Go on with the bill!"
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, offered the following
amendment:
" Provided further, mho, That the Secretary of the Navy
is hereby authorized and directed to allow and pay to E.
K. Collins, and his associates, under the contract made by
them with die Navy Department, in pursuance of an act en-
titled ' An act providing for the building and equipment of
four naval steamships,* approved the third day of March,
1847, an annual compensaiigp for carrying the United States
mail between New York and Liverpool, equal ta the aver-
age amount'per ton of annual compensation, which, having
regard to the tonnage and dimensions of the steamers built,
and to be lfcilt by said contractor*, is now paid to the other
American lines of steamers employed in the foreign mail
service."
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a point of order.
The amendment was not authorized by any exist-
ing law—it proposed to change the law.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
■order on that ground.
Mr. BRIGGS took an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated that he had ruled the
amendment out of order, on the ground that it
changed an existing law.
Mr. DUER would call the attention of the Chair
to the fact that 
Cries of " Order!" " order!"
The CHAIRMAN said that the appeal was not
debatable.
Mr. BRIGGS demanded tellers on the appeal;
and they were ordered.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken by tellers, (Messrs. Sweetser and
Campbell acting,) and decided in the affirmative
—ayes 98, noes 48. j
So the desision of the Chair was sustained. |
Mr. STRONG moved to strike out all after the '
word " paid," in the 131st line, to the end of the |
156th line, as follows: • j
" And also, provided further, That the Secretary of the
Navy and the Postmaster General be anthorized, by and
with the consent of the contracting parlies, respectively, to
re-arrange the running of the United States mail steamships
co as -to afford more direct dispatch between the ports of
the United States and the Isthmus of Panama, provided that
the Postmaster General shall maintain a semi-momhlvnrail
between Charleston, Savannah, and Havana during the con-
tinuance of the Sloo contract, and also to make the service
from Panama to California and Oregon conform with the ser-
vice required by the existing contract on the Atlantic side of
the Isthmus, by increasing the trips to the Pacific to semi-
monthly : Provided, That the said increased service on the
Pacific side shall be at a rate not exceeding the rate now
paid for Pacific service, and to be performed in steamships
built according to the specifications, and subject to all the
Clauses of the A. Harris contract beneficial to the United
States: -1 nd provided, further, That the compensation for
the semi-monthly service already performed between Pan-
ama, California, and Oregon, and for such service for the
coming year, shall not exceed the usual rate at which ad- !
ditional mall service may be ordered under existing laws, >
49
and shall be paid out of any unexpended balance of money
heretofore appropriated for mail steam service."
Mr. STRONG- demanded tellers; and they were
■ ordered; and Messrs. La Sere and Levin were
1 appointed.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes €4, noes 90.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY offered the following amendment:
" Provided, further, That in time of peace, or while war
is not threatened, the steamers employed in carrying the '
United States mail between New York and Liverpool shall
be placed under the exclusive control of officers of the con- ;
tractors, E. K. Collins and associates, provided the same be '
done with the consent of the contractors."
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to know if it
would be in order to amend the section, by stri-
king out a portion of it before the vote was taken ,
on the amendment that the gentleman from Vir- -
ginia proposed to add to the end of the bill ? i
The CHAIRMAN said that it would not. I
Mr. SWEETSER rose to a point of order. The
amendment was out of order as it changed an ex-
isting law.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. PHELPS desired to know if it would be
in order to amend the amendment, so as to pro-
vide that the same be done with the consent of the
contractors ?
The CHAIRMAN said that it would be.
Mr. BAYLY said that the contractors were anx-
ious for it.
Cries of " Order!"
Mr. SCHENCK moved the following amend-
ment to the amendment, so as to provide that the
vessels shall be placed under the command of of-
ficers of the Navy not below the grade of lieuten- i
ants.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS moved to add, after the word
" Liverpool," " and between New York and
Chagres."
The question was taken on Mr. Harris's
amendment, and it was rejected.
j The question then recurred on Mr. Batly's
amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, demanded tellers;
and they were ordered.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Harris, of Tennessee, and Briggs acting,) was
decided in the affirmative—ayes 81, noes 41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the following
amendment:
u And provided further, That the Postmaster General,
in the transportation of the United States mails to California
and Oregon, shall be required to select die route by which
I the same can be transported in the shortest time, and on the
| most economical terms; and that no new contract shall be
made, under the authority hereby conferred, for a longer
term than four years ; and if hereafter, during the existence
i of any such contract, the Postmaster General shall become
satisfied that the mail can be transported in shorter time
and on more favorable terms, he may annul such contract,
paying to the contractor, or contractors, such amount of
indemnity as shall have been first approved and authorized
by Congress: Provided, further, That before making any
such contract, he shall give at least sixty days notice, by
advertisement, in the usual way in such cases: Provided,
further, That this provision shall not be construed to inter-
fere with any existing contract."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
" And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy, j
immediately after the passage of this act, to enter into con- I
tract with Joseph Bryan, of Alabama, and George Nicholas ]
Sanders, of New York, and their associates, for the build- I
ing, equipment, and maintenance of three steamships, to j
ran between the United States and the coastof Africa, upon j
the following terms and conditions, to wit:
" The said ships to be each of not less than four thousand
tons burden, to be so constructed as to be convertible, at the
least possible expense, into war steamers of ih&first class,
and to be built and equipped in accordance witnplanstobe ,
submitted to, and approved by, the Secretary of the Navy, !
and under the superintendence of an officer to be appointed
by him; two of said ships to be finished and ready for sea
in two and a half years, and the other within three years
after the date of the contract, and the whole to be kept up
by alterations, repairs, or additions, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Navy, so as to be fully equal to the exigen- j
cies of the service, and the faithful performance of this ,
contract The said Secretary, at all times, to exercise such
control over said ships as may not be inconsistent with the
provisions of this act, and especially to have the power to
direct, at the expense of the Government, such changes in
the machinery and internal arrangements of the ships as he
may at any time deem advisable.
" Each of said ships to be commanded by an officer of
the Navy, who, with four passed midshipmen to act as
wateh officers, and any mail agents who may be sent by the
Government, shall be accommodated and provided for, in a
manner suitable to their rank, at the expense of the con-
tractors. Each of said ships, if required by the Secretary,
shall receive two guns of heavy calibre, and the men from
the United States Navy necessary to serve them, who shall
be provided for as aforesaid. In the event of war, the Gov-
ernment to have the right to take any or all of said ships for
its own exclusive use? on payment of the value thereof j
such value, not exceeding the cost, to be ascertained by ap-
praisers, chosen by the Secretary of the Navy and the con-
tractors.
"Each of said ships to make four voyages per annum:
one shall leave New Orleans every three months; one shall
leave Baltimore every three months, touching at Norfolk
and Charleston; and one shall leave New York every three
months, touching at Savannah; all having liberty to touch
at any of the West India islands; and to proceed thence to
Liberia, touching at any of the islands or ports on the coast
of Africa, (the Baltimore steamer to touch at the Maryland
colony;) thence to Gibraltar, carrying the Mediterranean
mails; thence to Cadiz, or some other Spanish port, to be
designated by the Secretary of the Navy; thence to Lisbon;
thence to Brest, or some other French port, to be designated
as above; and thence to London, (or such port in the En-
glish channel as the Secretary of the Navy may deem pref-
erable,) and back to the place of departure, bringing and
carrying the mails to and from said ports.
" The said contractors shall further agree to carry to Li-
beria so many emigrants, being free persons of color, and
not exceeding twenty-five hundred for each voyage, as the
American Colonization Society may require, upon the pre-
payment by said Society of ten dollars for each emigrant
over twelve years of age, and five dollars for each one un-
der that age; these sums, respectively, to include all charges
for the baggage of emigrants and the daily supply of sailors'
rations. The contractors, also, to carry, bring back, and
accommodate, free of charge, all necessary agents pf the
said Society. And the said contractors shall bind them-
selves to pay for any slaves that may be carried away in
their ships, and also to afford all proper facilities for discov-
eringsuch as may seek to conceal themselves therein.
"The Secretary of the Navy shall further stipulate to ad-
vance to said contractors, as the building of said ships shall
progress, two thirds of the amount expended thereon ; such
advances to be made in the bonds of the United States, pay-
able thirty years after date, and bearing five per cent, in-
terest, and not to exceed six hundred thousand dollars for
each ship. And the said contractors shall stipulate to re-
pay the said advances in equal annual installments, with
interest from the date of the completion of all said ships
until the termination of the contract, which shall continue
fifteen years from the commencement of the service. The
Secretary of the Navy to require ample security for the
faithful performance of the contract, and to reserve a lien
upon the ships for the sums advanced. The Government
to pay the said contractors forty thousand dollars for each
trip, not to exceed four hundred and eighty thousand dol-
lars per annum.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States shall cause to be issued the bonds of
the United States, as the same may, from time to time, be
required by the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the con-
tract aforesaid.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President
of the United States is hereby authorized to give such notice
to the British Government as will relieve the United States,
from all treaty obligation to keep a squadron on the African
coast."
Mr. SEDDON raised a question of order on the
amendment. The amendment, he said, was not
in order, because it made an appropriation for an
object not sanctioned by any law.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, appealed from
the decision of the Chair, and demanded tellers;
which were ordered, and Messrs. Parker, and
Stevens of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question being taken, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee —the tellers reported 90 in the affirmative and
40 in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out the followingi
" That the said increased service oif the Pacific side
shall be at a rate n«t exceeding the rate now paid for the
Pacific service, and to be performed in steamships built
according to the specifications, and subject to all the clauses
of the A. Harris contract, beneficial to the United States"—
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
" That the increased service on the Pacific side shall be -
let to the lowest and best bidder, after advertisement, as in
other lettings for mail transportation."
