1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That summary courts-
martial may sentence petty officers, and persons of inferior
ratings, to the following punishments, viz:
1st. Discharge fipra the service, with bad conduct dis-
charge.
9d. Solitary confinement in irons, single or double, on
bread and water: Pro tidedt No such confinement shall ex-
ceed thirty days.
3d. Solitary' confinement in irons, tangle or double, not
exceeding thirty days.
4th. Solitary confinement not exceeding thirty days.
5th. Confinement not exceeding two months.
6th. Redaction to next inferior rating.
7th. Ball and chain, bat not to be worn at sea.
8th. Deprivation of liberty on shore.
. And loss of pay, not to exceed three months, may be
added to any of the above-mentioned punishments.
Sac. —.And be it further enacted, That no such sentence
shall be carried into execution, without the approval of the
officcr ordering the court, who shall have power to remit in
part or altogether, but not to commute any such sentences:
And provided, That no sentence to solitary confinement
shall be directed to be carried into execution until the sur-
geon or senior medical officer on board, at the tirae, has
examined the prisoner and certified that it can be done
without serioas injury to his health; and it shall be the
duty of the commander to remit the whole or any part of
any sentence by* a summary court-martial, the execution of
which would, in the opinion of the said surgeon or senior
medical officer, produce such injury.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the commander
of every ship or vessel in the Navy, shall cause a conduct
book to be kept, embracing every petty officer, and person
of inferior rating, under his command, in which shall be
noted every instance of meritorious or bad conduct of each
man; and whenever a man is discharged either at or before
the expiration of his term of service, he shall take care that
3ui general character be noted on his discharge, giving to
"those who merit them, good conduct discharges; and to
those who deserve them, bad conduct discharges; and to
those -whose conduct shall merit no particular note, dis-
charges in the usual form: Provided, That the character to
be given on a discharge shall be ascertained and established
under such rules as shall be prescribed by the Navy Depart-
ment.
Sec . —. And be itfurther enacted, That any petty officer,
or person of inferior rating, who shall be discharged with a
food conduct discharge, after a service of not less than two
.years, shall have a preference on reentering the service, and
in advance to higher ratings over persons of similar quali-
fications, but who have not so served; and whenever a
petty officer, or person of inferior rating, shall be transferred
from one ship or station to another, his character shall be
noted on the transfer roll.
Sec. —. And be itfurther enacted, That every petty offi-
cer, or person of inferior rating, who shall receive a good
conduct discharge, after a continuous service of not less
than two years, shall, if he reenters within three months
after his discharge, be entitled to a credit on the books of
the ship to which he may be first ordered, of three months
wages, at his former rating; and afterlwenty years service
in the Navy, with good conduct discharges at the termination
of each enlistment, every such petty officer or person of in-
ferior rating, shall oe entitled to admission to and provision
in the naval asylum for life, with half the monthly wages of
Mi last enlistment
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That commanding
officers may, of their own authority, punish offences com-
mitted by petty officers, and others of inferior ratings,
under their command, by solitary or ether confinement; by
diminishing their rations; by restricting their diet to bread
and water; by imposing extra police ami other duties * by
withholding permission to leave the ship on liberty, when
such indulgence is granted to others of the ship's company; ,
Mid in case of theft not excee&ng the value of five dollars,
%y making good from the wages of the offender to the owner,
Che value of the article or articles proved to have been stolen,
and obliging the offender to wear, for any time not exceed-
ing ten days, a badge with the word "Thiefand such
^commanding officer may combine any two of these punish-
ments at his discretion. Bat solitary confinement thus di- j
rected, shall not exceed fifteen days, nor other close confine- |
ment twenty days; nor shall any of the other punishments '
hereby authorized, be continued for a longer time than thirty i
days, nor so tong as m the opinion of the surgeon, or senior !
medieal officer present, its continuance would seriously
affect the health of the offender. If the nffcnces shall be •
deemed to require severer punishment, the offender may be j
confined, until he can be brought to trial before a court ;
eithAr general or summary, or his release is ordered by
proper authority.
Sec. —• And be it further enacted, That the proceedings '
of summary courts-martial shall be conducted with as much J
conciseness and precision'as may be consistent with the i
ends of justice, and under such forms and rules as mar be 1
prescribed by the Secretary of the Navy, with the approval
of the .President of the United States; and all such pro- j
ceedings shall be transmitted, in the usual mode, to the !
Wavy Department. >
Sec. —; And be it further enacted, That any punish- I
menu authorized by this act to be indicted by a summary I
court-martial, may likewise be inflicted by any general
(court martial. ;
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of I
order. i
Mr. SCHENCK said that the punishment by '
flogging had been abolished in this bill last session, I
and- [Loud cries of " Order!"] He appealed i,
from the decision of the Chair. !
The question being taken, " Shall theMeeision 'i
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com- i;
mittee ?" it was decided in the affirmative. '
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. ''
Mr. HfiNftY moved to add the following at the !
end of the bill:
" Be it further enacted, That hereafter no new appoint-
ment shall be made to supply vacancies occasioned either
by death or resignation of officers of the Navy; nor any
promotions be made in consequence of any such vacan-
cies, until further legislation."
„ Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, raised a
point of order on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee then
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the chairman of the committee reported the bill
with the amendments.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which main question
was first on agreeing to the amendments reported
from the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. JONES moved that the Hoftse adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
amendments severally, and th6y Were all con-
curred in.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to
be engrossed anc| read a third time, it was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
The bill having been read a third time, the ques-
tion was, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr, BAYLY demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MILLER called for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were irot ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered,
And the question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the bill passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider on die
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr- BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state' of the Union.
Mr. ORR moved that the Tl6use adjourn.
Mr. YINTGN inquired whether the bill just
passed could be sent to the Senate without the 16th
joint rule being suspended ?
The SPEAKER stated that there was now pend-
ing the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
to suspend the rules, and also the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina, that the House
adjourn. If these motions Were "withdrawn, he
would lay before the House a communication
from the Senate, suspending the joint rule referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] ibr
this day.
Mr. Bayly and Mr. Orr withdrew their re-
spective motions.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the Senate, announcing that the Senate
had resolved to suspend the j 6th joint rule of the
two Houses for this day.
On motion by Mr. VINTON, the House con-
curred in the resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, wished the
gentleman from Virginia would state what bills he
proposed to take up in committee ? How long
they would be likely to detain the committee1?
And whether it was important^ get through with
them to-night at this late hour?
Mr. STANLY hoped that the House would
take up and dispose 6f the cheap postage bill.
Mr. POTTER asked the getitlemanfrom South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] to withdraw the motion to
adjourn, to enable him to report back the cheap
postage bill to the House.
Mr. HARALSON asked the gentleman to with-
draw the morion t6 adjourn,* to enable him to
move that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet at nine o'clock', a. m., on Monday.
Mr. ORR declined to withdrawiiis motion.
And the question being taken, the House, by a
large majority, refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on Mr. Bayly's mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, it was taken and decided in "
the negative.
CHEAP POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. POTTER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report from the Committee on th*
Post Office and Post Roads the cheap postage bill.
Mr. THOMAS objected,
Mr. POTTER moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to report the bill.
Mr. JONES demanded th6 yeas and nays, and
tellers on the yeas and nays; and tellers were or-
dered.
The question being taken, « Shall the yeas and
nays be ordered ?" (by tellers, Messrs. Boyd, and
King of Rhode Island, aeting,) was decided in the
negative—ayes 32, noes 132.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were suspended.
Mr. POTTER then, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, to which was re-
ferred the i( Bill of the House to reduce and mod-
ify the rates of postage in the United States, and
to provide for the coinage of a three cent piece,"
with the amendments of the Senate thereto, re-
ported the same with amendments.
The following is the Senate's substitute for the
bill of the House:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of Aiterica in Congregt asseiRbled,
That from and after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, in lieu of the rates of postage now es-
tablished.by law, there shall be charged the following rates,
to wit: For every single letter in manuscript, or paper of
any kind upon which information shall be asked for or
communicated, in writing, or by any marks or aigns, con-
veyed in the mail, for any distance between places within
the United States, three cents, not exceeding three thousand
miles, when the postage upon such letter shall be prepaid,
and five cents when the postage thereon shall not have been
prepaid; and for any distance exceeding three thousand
miles, double those rates. For every such single letter or
paper, when conveyed wholly or in part by sea, and to or
from a foreign country, for any distanee overtwenty-fl ve
hundred miles, twenty cents; and for any distance under
twenty-live hundred miles, ten eents, (excepting, however,
all cases where such postages have been or shall be adjusted
at different rates by postal treaty or convention already con-
cluded or hereafter to be made;) and for a double letter
there shall be charged double the rales above specified; an<$
for a treble letter treble those rates; and for a quadruple let-
ter quadruple those rates; and every letter or parcel not
exceeding half an ounce in weight shall be deemed a single
letter, and every additional weight of half an ounce or ad-
ditional weight of less than half an ounce, shall be charged
with an additional single postage. And all drop letters, or
letters placed in any post office, not for*transmission but for
delivery only, *ha!l be charged with postage at the rate of
one cent each; and all letters which shall hereafter be ad-
vertised as remaining over or uncalled' for in any post office
shall -be charged with one cent in addition to the -regular
postage, both to be accounted for as other postages now are.
Se<?. 2. And be it farther enacted, That all newspaper*
not exceeding three ounces in weight, sent from the office of
publication to actual and bona fide subscribers, shall be
charged with postage as follows, to wit: All newspapers
published weekly only shall circulate, in the mail free of
postage within the county where published, and that the
postage on the regular numbers of a newspaper published
weekly, for any distance not exceeding fifty miles out of
the county where published, shall be five cents per quarter;
for any distance exceeding fifty miles, and not exceeding
three hundred miles, ten cents per quarter; for any distance
exceeding three hundred miles and not exceeding one
thousand miles, fifteen cents per quarter; for any difitancfe
exceeding one thousand miles and not exceeding, two thou-
sand miles, twenty cents per quarter; for any distatice
exceeding two thousand miles and not exceeding foUr'thOti*
sand miles, twenty-five cents per quarter; and for any dis-
tance exceeding four thousand miles, thirty cents pter quar-
ter ; and papers published semi-^ekly shall be charged
double those rates; tri-weekly, trelrc those rates; and oft-
ener than tri-weekly, five times those rates. And there
shall be charged upon every other newspaper, and each
circular not sealed, handbill, engraving, pamphlet,' periodi-
cal, magazine, book, and every other description of printed
matter which shall be unconnected with any manuscript or
written matter, and which it may be lawful to transmit
■through the mail, of no greater weight than one outWe, for
any distance not exceeding five hundred miles, one cent;
and for each additional ounce or fraction of an ounce, one
cent; for any distance exceeding five hundred miles and
not exceeding one thousand five hundred miles, double
those rates; for any distance exceeding one thousand five
hundred miles and not exceeding two thousand five hun-
dred miles, treble those rates; for any distance exceeding
two thousand five huhdred miles and not exceeding three
thousand five hundred miles, four times those'rates; fot
any distance exceeding three thousand five hundred briiles.
five times these rates- Subscribers' to all periodicals shall
be required to pay one' quarter's postage in advance; in
all such cases the postage shall be one half the foregoing
rates. Bound books, and parcels of printed ntattevntft
weighing over thirty-two ounces, shall be deemed mailable
matter tinder the provisions of this section. Andthep6$t-
age on all printed xnatterother than newspapers and periodi-
cals published at intervals not exceeding three month*, and
sent from the office of publication to absolute and bona fide
subscribers, to be prepaid ; and in ascertaining the weight
of newspapers for the purpose of determining the amount
