■to
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Of postage chargeable thereon, they shall be weighed when
in a dry state. And whenever any printed matter on which
the postage is required by this section to be prepaid shall,
through the inattention of postmasters or otherwise, be sent
without prepayment, the same shall be charged with dou-
ble the amount of postage which would have been charge-
able thereon if the postage had been prepaid ; but nothing
in this act contained shall subject to postage any matter
which is exempted from the payment of postage by any ex-
isting law. And the Postmaster General, by and with the
advice and consent of the President of the United States,
shall be, and be hereby is, authorized to reduce or enlarge,
from time to time, these rates of postage upon all letters
and other mailable matter conveyed between the United
States and any foreign country, for the purpose of making
better postal arrangements with other Governments, or
counteracting any adverse measures affecting our postal
intercourse with foreign countries; and postmasters at the
office of delivery are hereby authorized, and it shall be their
duty, to remove the wrappers and envelops from all printed
matter and pamphlets not charged with letter postage, for the
purpose of ascertaining whether there is upon or connected
with any such printed matter, or in such package, any matter
or thing which would authorize or require a charge of a higher
rate of postage thereon. And all publishers of pamphlets,
periodicals, magazines, and newspapers, which shall not
exceed sixteen ounces in weight, shall be allowed to inter-
chan^e their publications reciprocally, free of postage:
Provided, That such interchange shall be confined to a
■ingle copy of each publication : And provided, also, Said
publishers may enclose in their publications the bill for sub-
scription thereto, without any additional charge for postage :
Jlnd provided,further, That in all cases where newspa-
pers snail not contain over three hundred square inches,
they may be transmitted through the mails by the publish-
ers to bona fide subscribers at one-fourth the rates fixed by
this act.
Sac. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster General to provide and furnish to
all deputy postmasters, and to all other persons applying and
paying therefor, suitable postage stamps of the denomina-
tion of three cents, and of such other denominations as he
may think expedient, to facilitate the prepayment of the
postages provided for in this act. And any person who shall
forge or counterfeit any postage stamp provided or {tar-
nished under the provisions of this or any former act,
whether the same are impressed, or printed on. or attached
to, envelops or not, or any die, plate, or engraving therefor,
or shall make, or print, or knowingly use or sell, or have
in his possession with intent to use or sell, any such false,
forged, or counterfeited die, plate, engraving, or postage
Stamp, or who shall make, or print, or authorize or procure
to be made or printed, any postage stamp, of the kind pro-
vided and ftirnished by the Postmaster General as afore-
said, without the special authority of the Post Office De-
partment, or who, after such postage stamps have been
printed, shall, with intent to defraud the revenues of the
Post Office Department, deliver any postage stamps to any
person or persons other than such as shall be authorized
to receive the same by an instrument of writing, duly exe-
cuted under the hand of the Postmaster General and the
seal of the Post Office Department, shall, on conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of felony, and be punished by a
fine not exceeding $500, or by imprisonment not exceeding
five years, or by both such fine and imprisonment; and the
expenses of procuring and providing all such postage
stamps and letter envelope, as are provided for or author-
ized by this act, shall be paid, after being adjusted by the
Auditor of the Post Office Department, on the certificate of
the Postmaster General, out of any money in the Treasury
arising from the revenues of the Post Office Department.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That Ihe Postmas-
ter General shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to pro-
vide and furnish to all postmasters, and other persons ap-
plying and paying therefor, suitable letter envelops of con-
venient sizes, with one or more suitable postage stamps of
such denominations and value as he may deem expedient,
printed or impressed thereon, or attached thereto, which
envelops shall be sold at the cost of procuring and furnish-
ing the same, as near as may be, with the addition of the
value or denomination of the postage stamps, so printed or
impressed thereon, or attached thereto as aforesaid; and
letters, when enclosed in such envelops, or having postage
stamps attached to such letters, or to the envelops thereof,
(the postage stamp or stamps in every such case being af-
fixed or appearing on the outside, and of the value, denom-
ination, or amount, required to prepay the postage on such
letters under the provisions of this act, and such stamps or
envelops not having^een used before,) shall pass in the
mails as prepaid letters; and all letters enclosed in such en-
velops as shall be provided and furnished by the Postmaster
General, as first in this section prescribed, and with postage
stamps thereon as aforesaid, (and such postage stamps on
such envelope being equal in value and amount to the rates
of postage to which such letters would be liable if sent by
mail, aim such postage stamps and envelops not having
been before used,) may be sent, conveyed, and delivered,
otherwise than by post or mail, notwithstanding any prohi-
bition thereof under any existing law: Provided, That the
said envelop shall be duly sealed, and the same duly di-
rected and addressed, and the date of such letter, or of the
receipt or transmission thereof, written or stamped, orother-
wise appear on such envelop.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of every postmaster to cause to be defaced, in such
manner as the Postmaster General shall direct, all postage
stamps attached to letters deposited in his office, or de-
livered, or to be sent by mail; and if any postmaster send-
ing letters in the mail with postage stamps attached shall
omit to deface the same, it shall be the duty of the post-
master to whose office such letters shall be sent for delivery
to deface the stamps, and report the delinquent postmaster
to the Postmaster General. And if any person shall use, or
attempt to use in prepayment of postage, any postage stamp
wbieh shall have been before used for like purposes, such
person shall be subject to a penalty of fifty dollars for every
such offence, to be recovered in the name of the United
States in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That lists of letters
remaining uncalled tor in any post office, in any city, town,
or village where a newspaper shall be printed, shall here-
after be published once only in the newspaper which, being
issued weekly or oftener, shall have the largest circulation
within the range of delivery of said office, to be decided by
the postmaster at such office, at such times and under such
; regulations as the Postmaster General shall prescribe, and
I at a charge of one cent for each letter advertised. And the
postmaster at such office is hereby directed to post, in a
conspicuous place in his office, a copy of such list, on the
day or day after the publication thereof; and if the publisher
of any such paper shall refuse to publish the list of letters
; as provided in this section, the postmaster may designate
some other paper for such purpose. Such lists of letters
shall be published once in every six weeks, and as much
oftener, not exceeding once a week, as the Postmaster Gen-
eral may specially direct: Provided, That the Postmaster
General may, in his discretion, direct the publication of
German and other foreign letters is any newspaper printed
in the German or any other foreign language, which publica-
■ tion shall be either in lieu of, or in addition to, the publica-
tion of the list of such letters in the manner first in this sec-
, tion provided, as ttie Postmaster General shall direct.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to any post-
master whose commissions may be reduced below the
amount allowed at his office for the year ending the thirtieth
I day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and whose
| labors may be increased, the Postmaster General shall be
authorized, m his discretion, to allow such additional com-
missions as he may deem just and proper: Provided, That
the whole amount of commissions allowed such postmaster
during any fiscal year, shall not exceed by more tlian twenty
| per cent, the amount of commissions at such office for the
year ending the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
I fifty-one.
Sec. 8. And b* it further enacted, That no post office
now in existence shall be discontinued, nor shall the mail
service on any mail route in any of the States or Territories
be discontinued or diminished, in consequence of any dimi-
nution of the revenues that may result from this act. And
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to establish
new post offices, and place the mail service on any new
mail routes established, or that may hereafter be established,
in the same manner as though this act had not passed.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
paid to the Post Office Department, in further payment and
compensation for the mail service performed for the two
Houses of Congress, and the other departments and officers
of the Government In the transportation of free matter, the
sum of $300,000 per year, which shall be paid quarterly,
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated ; and the moneys appropriated to the Post Office De-
partment by the twelfth section of the act " to establish
certain post routes, and for other purposes," approved
March 3d, 1847, and remaining undrawn in the Treasury,
shall continue subject to the requisition of the Postmaster
General for the service of the Post Office Department, not-
withstanding the same may have remained so undrawn for
more than two years after it became subject to such requi-
sition.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That there is hereby
appropriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sun of $500,000, to supply any defi-
ciency that may arise in the Post Office Department.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appointand employ in the office of the Auditor for the Post
Office Department such additional clerks as shall be found
necessary in such office, in consequence of the passage of !
this act, not exceeding eight in all, and at such salaries as
he may think proper, not exceeding $1,400 per annum for
one half of such clerks, and $1,200 per annum for the resi-
due thereof; which salaries, until the close of the next fiscal
year, shall be paid quarterly out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Postmas-
ter General shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint
and employ such additional clerks in the Post Office De-
partment, not exceeding eight in all, as shall be found ne-
cessary in such Department, in consequence of the passage
of this act, at such salaries, not exceeding $1,400 per year
for fine half of such clerks, and $1,200 per year for the
other half, as may appear to said Postmaster General to be
just and expedient; which salaries, until the close of the
next fiscal year, shall be paid quarterly out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in
the power of the Postmaster General, at all post offices
where the postmasters are appointed by the President of
the United States, to establish post routes within the cities
or towns, to provide for conveying letters to the post office
by establishing suitable and convenient places of deposit,
and by employing carriers to receive and deport thein in
the post office; and at all such offices it shall be in his
power to cause letters to be delivered by suitable carriers,
to be appointed by him for that purpose, for which not ex-
ceeding one or two cents shall be charged, to be paid by the
person receiving or sending the s<tme, and all sums so re-
ceived shall be paid into the Post Office Department: Pro-
vided, The amount of compensation allowed by the Post- '
master General to carriers shall in no case exceed the
amount paid into the Treasury by each town or city under
the provisions of this sectio n.
Mr. GREEN raised the point of order, that the
bill having been reported to the House from the
Senate, and been acted upon by both branches of
the Legislature, that it was not competent for the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
propose to amend it, excepting to amend the
amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. GREEN appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and in doing so would make a remark. The
original bill contained a provision for the coinage of
a three cent piece, which the Senate had stricken
out. The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads had proposed an amendment of the same
kind as that stricken out, and had no right to do
so any more than any individual member of the
House. He held that when the bill came back to
the House from the Senate, the question was, will
the House concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate ? If they would not concur, the House adhered
to the original bill; if they did concur, the Sen-
ate's amendments were adopted.
Mr. POTTER. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri will allow me, I will explain the matter:
This bill is in a different condition from that in
which it would be if the amendments were offered
to the House bill. The Senate have struck out
the entire bill and adopted a substitute, and it is an
amendment to the substitute that is now proposed.
Mr. GRfiEN was satisfied, and would with-
draw his appeal.
Mr. POTTER said: I do not propose to make a
speech upon this bill, but I ask the attention of
the House for a few moments whilst I explain the
Senate amendments, and the amendments of the
committee thereto. The bill as passed by the House
provided for a three cent rate of postage, paid or
unpaid. The Senate have stricken out that prop-
osition in their substitute, and provide for three
cents prepaid and five cents unpaid for all distances
under three thousand miles. For all distances
over three thousand miles the postage is to be
double these rates. That is all there is on the
subject of letter postage.
With regard to newspaper postage, the bill as
passed by the House provided that newspapers
should circulate within the State where published,
to bona fide subscribers, at a half cent per number;
and that papers circulating out of the State where
published should be chargeable one cent for all
distances. The Senate have adopted ill lieu of
that, a provision which will be ascertained by the
reading of the bill.
The first amendment the committee propose is
in the twelfth line, to strike out the words " three
cents," after the words United States.
The second is to insert after the word " pre-
paid" the words " three cents."
The third amendment of the committee is to in-
sert after the words " and for any distance exceed-
ing four thousand miles thirty cents per quarter,"
the following: "And all newspapers published
1 monthly and sent to actual bona fide subscribers
• shall be charged with one fourth the foregoing
' rates, and all newspapers published semi-month-
• ly shall be charged with one half the foregoing
' rates."
That is intended to embrace agricultural and re-
ligious papers that are published semi-monthly
and monthly, and are sent to all parts of the Uni-
ted States. We place them on the same footing
as weekly newspapers—political, agricultural, or
whatever they may be. That is the amendment
that the committee proposes with regard to this
class of papers. If this amendment is not made
to the Senate bill, these papers will be charged as
transient papers.
I will state here that all these amendments of the
House Committee have been submitted to the Sen-
ate Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and that they entirely concur in all of them.
The fourth amendment is to strike out the fourth
section of the Senate bill which provides for the
procuring of stamped envelops by the Postmas-
ter General, and the sending of them through the
mail to postmasters and to all other persons who
desire to purchase them. The objection that
the House Committee had to the furnishing
by the Postmaster General of stamped envelops
was, that the Department should not enter into
competition in the stationery business with book-
sellers and stationers throughout the country,
and that we would not load down the mails by
sending these envelops free of postage to all per-
sons who called for them. In that amendment
the Committee of the Senate entirely concur.
The next amendment is to strike out the elev-
enth section of the Senate bill, providing for eight
additional clerks in the office of the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department, in con-
sequence of the increased amount of business in
consequence of the reduced rates of postage. Our
object has mainly been to simplify the rates of
postage, so that no increase of clerks in the Audit-
or's office shall be necessary.
