1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
mittce of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Strong in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. GRINNELL, the committee
took up the consideration of House bill 297, being
an act making appropriations for light-houses.
Mr. G. stated that he was instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report a substitute
for the bill. *
The Clerk then read the original bill.
The Clerk then reported the substitute offered
by the Committee on Commerce, as follows:
Be it en acted by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of .America in Congress assembled,
That the following appropriations be, and the same are
hereby, made and directed to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to carry the provisions of this act
into effect: Provided, however, If a good title to any land
which it may be necessary to use cannot be obtained on
reasonable terms, or the exclusive right to such land cannot
be acquired by cession, when the interest of the United
States demands it, before the appropriation would by law
fall into the surplus fund, in any and all such cases, the ap-
priations shall be applicable to the objects for which they
are made, at any time within two years after the first meet-
ing of the Legislature, in any State wherein such land may
be situated, subsequent to the passage of this act, to wit:
xaise.
For buoys on White's and Thorn's Ledges, and on Pond
Island Reef, at the mouth of the Kennebec river, $300.
For a light-house on Pond Island, at the entrance of Nar-
raguagus Bay, $4,000.
massachusetts.
For a light-boat on the Shovelful! shoal, off Chatham,
$12^00.
For eleven buoys in the channel to Commercial Point
and Nepouset river, in Dorchester, $1,000.
For a light-house at the head of Holmes's Hole harbor,
For a beacon on Fawn bar, near Deer Island, Boston har-
bor. $2,500.
For two iron spindles on the northeast ledge of the
Graves, and on Harding's Ledge, Boston harbor, $3,000.
rhode island.
For a light-boat off Brinton's Seef, $15,000.
connecticut.
For a can buoy on Pea Field's Reef,*off Black Sock har-
bor, Long Island Sound, in addition to a former appropria-
tion in the act of September, 1850, $135.
jew york-
For a light-house oPFIyan's Knoll, near Sandy Hook,
$30,000.
For a light-house on Hocse-shoe Reef, Niagara river,
$25,000, in addition to the former appropriation.
For a light-bouse on the pier at the mouth of Sodus Bay,
and the removal of the beacon light on said pier to Grassy
Point, near Pott Glasgow, $6,000.
For alight-house on the northern extremity of Gardiner's
Island, $6,000.
For a beacon on the Sandspit, in the harbor of Sag Har-
bor, $T700.
For the completion of two beacons near Fort Hamilton,
$9,000.
For four spar buoys at Fire Island inlet, $300.
maryland.
For a light-house at Fishing Battery, Chesapeake Bay,
$5,000.
For a light-bouse on the Bodkin .Shoal, month of the
Patapsco river, in addition to the fbrmer appropriation,
$17,000; when this is completed, the present light on Bodkin
Point to be discontinued.
new jersey.
For a fog-bell at the Newark light-house, $350. j
For completion of the beacon in Passaic river, four spar !
buoys in the same, a spar buoy at Mill Sock, and a beacon I
at the corner stake near Elizabetbtown Point, $800. j
korth carolina.
For a buoy on Middle Ground Shoal, Beaufort harbor,
$300.
For a light-house on Beacon Island, $6,000.
For a Eght-boat near Ocracoke channel, $15,000.
For an iron buoy on Diamond Shoal, off Cape Hatteras,
For a floating bell beacon on Cape Hatteras, outer shoal,
$8,000.
For a light-house on the upper Jitter in Cape Fear river,
including a bridge from the shore to the light-house,
$13,000.
ohio.
For a light-house cm Rock or Mouse Island,.Lake Erie,
$5,000.
For a light-boose on Green Island, Lake Erie, $5,080.
For a beacon light on Cedar Pout, as a range t  enter
Sandusky Bay, $500.
For buoys at the entrance of Port Clinton, Lake Erie,
$350.
michigan.
For a light-house at Bailey's Harbor, $5,000.
florida.
For buoys at the entrance of Mosquito Harbor, $500.
oregon.
For a light-house and fog signal at Umpqua, $15,000.
For fog signals for the light-houses at Cape Disappoint-
ment, Cape Flattery, and New Dungenniss, $3,000.
For buoys at the mouth of Umpqua river, $2,000.
california.
For a light-house at Humboldt harbor, $15,000.
texas.
For a light-home at Aransas Pass, $13,500.
For three light-bouses of the third class at Half Moon
SboaljRedfield Bar, and at Clopper's Bar, Galveston Bay,
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted. That if such person as I
the Secretary of the Treasury shall designate, shall report in i
any of the cases herein provided for, that prelim i nary surveys !
are necessary to determine the site of a proposed light- bouse
or light-boat, beacon, or buoy, or to ascertain more fully
[ what the public exigency demands, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall thereupon direct the Superintendent of the
Survey of the Coast of the United States to perform such
! duty on the seaboard, and the Colonel of the Corps of Top ;
; ographical Engineers to perform such duty on the north-
! western lakes.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the officers so
directed shall forthwith enter upon tke discharge of the
duty, and, after fully ascertaining the facts, shall report:
First, whether the proposed facility to navigation is the
most suitable for the exigency which exists ; and second,
where it should be placed if the interests of commerce de- ,
mand it; third, if the thing proposed be not the most suita-
ble, whether it is expedient to make any other kind of im-
provement; fourth, whether the proposed light lias any
connection with other lights, and if so, whether it cannot be
se located as to subserve both the general and local wants
of trade and navigation; and fifth, whether there be any,
and if any, what other Diets of importance touching the
subject.
i Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted. That all such reports
i shall, as speedily as may be, be laid before the Secretary of
the Treasury, and if such as to authorize the work without
further legislation, he shall forthwith proceed with it, otlier-
i wise such reports shall be laid before Congress at the next
! ensuing session; but in all cases where the person designa-
ted by the Secretary of the Treasury, under the second sec-
tion of this act, does not report such preliminary examina- ,
I tion as expedient, the provisions of tills act shall without
delay be carried into execution.
Sec.5. Jlndbeit further enacted. That the salary of the
:1 keeper of the Minot'a Ledge light, shall hereafter be at the
I rate of $1,000 per annum, and the assistants, $550 per an-
!' num.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That in case it should
be impossible, in the opinion of the Colonel of the Topo-
graphical Corps, to obtain a perfect title to the necessary
i land upon wbieh to build the light-house heretofore ordered
! to be built at the mouth of the Calumet river, on Lake
Michigan, said land shall be appraised by three disinter-
ested persons under oath, and the light-house shall imme-
diately be built, and the appraised value of said land shall
be paid to any person who shall make to the United States
what the Attorney General shall consider a perfect title
thereto.
Mr. HALL observed that the act provided that
the collectors shall be superintendents. of light-
houses, and shall receive the compensation allowed
by the act of 1849. He wished to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts why the committee
went to that Oct to fix the compensation of these
officers ?
Mr. GRINNELL said that there was no pro-
vision whatever for the salaries of superintendents
of light-houses. It .provided only that they should
receive the same commission as was granted prior
to the act of 1849.
Mr. HALL said, that was not his question. He
wished to know why they should go back to 1849
to ascertain the amount he should be paid?
Mr. BAYLY. I only desire to answer the.gen-
tleman from Missouri. When the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill was passed in 1849, we
enacted that where collectors were superintend-
ents of light-houses, and their salaries exceed
$2,500, they should receive no compensation as
commissioners of light-houses. At the present
session the law was reiterated in the civil and dip-
lomatic bill.
Cries of "Question!" "question!"
Mr. EVANo said: Iintend to address tlieeom-
mittee about ten minutes, not on this subject, but
on the general condition of the light-house system
of the United States, which I say, from some in-
vestigation into the subject, requires looking into.
We nave been using in this country for several
years, a system that has been superseded else-
where by more refined and appropriate methods.
We are still engaged in using a system which the
gentleman from Massachusetts himself knows is
a more imperfect system of lighting than any
other system in use in any other part of the world.
In France, England, Scotland, Belgium, and in
Denmark, the method of lighting now in use
casts totally into the shade the imperfect kind of
reflectors employed in the United States of Amer-
ica. The reflectors made in the United States are
not made on a principle; they are not made or
placed in the light-houses by those who under-
stand them, but they are placed there in the na-
ture of jobs. They are not even superintended
by persons who know anything in connection with
the subject. It is not my purpose to detain the
committee long, nor would I do so at all were it
not that I regard this as a very important subject,
and that a saving is to be made by the system that
I propose. I call the attention of the committee
to the fact, that according to the estimates fur-
nished by the Treasury Department, that light-
houses now in the course of erection call far re-
pairs in the mason work even before they are put
up, to the amount of four thousand or five thousand
dollars.
The superintendent of light-houses tells us in
his report, that the muriatic acid contained in the
atmosphere destroyed the masonry. That officer
I believe to be a conscientious and honest man,
and that he believes that the system he superin-
tends is the best, although, as I have said, it has long
been out of vogue with all the civilized world else-
where. I do not believe that the muriatic acid in
the atmosphere has this effect. The mortal- is
badly maae, and the light-houses are put up with-
out any competent person to superintend their coff-
struction. It is true, as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] has told us, that the collector
of customs is paid to superintend these light-houses,
but he scarcely goes near them once a year, and
there is no engineer appointed to superintend
their erection. The great fault ij3, that there is
really no efficient superintendence; the mortar i*
badly made, being composed chiefly of sand, and,
as a consequence, the erections ar%not such as are
likely to be durable. You are required to expend
some $4,000 to repair these light-houses before they
are completed, when, for one tenth of that sum,
you could thoroughly repair an ordinary country
residence.
"Now let us see how the light-house system.of
other nations is carried on. I am not talking with-
out data. I can show that we can save one fourth
of the cost of these light-houses. In reference to
our system, the reports are made by persons in the
employ of the contractor, who are sent round in a
small schooner to deliver the oil. In respect to the
amount of oil used in the light-houses according to
our system, I may remark, that at least four times
the amount is used, than in the system in use in
other civilized countries, at the same time that our
light is far from being so brilliant.
Now, sir, I will ask the Clerk to read this let-
ter; a letter from a gentleman of some experience
in the matter of light-houses, and one whose opin-
ion is worthy of some consideration. In it the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Grivsell] makes a comparison between the
American and French system, giving the superior-
ity to the former.
Extract from a letter from Hon. Joseph Grin-
nell, of New Bedford, February 14, 1838:
" Yours, relative to the comparative merits of the Eng-
lish and French light-houses with our own, was duly re-
ceived, and have no hesitation in saying that the English
are superior to purs, owing to the form of the reflectors;
and that the French are superior to the English, in conse-
quence of the construction of the lamps with concentrip
burners or sockets, and the use of lenses. When in Eng-
land, 1 visited the Trinity House, and acquired all the in-
formation I could of their lamps. Stc.; procured one of
their reflectors and sent it home, which I presume is here.
I was informed by the gentleman who superintended th9
English light-bouses, that a commissioner had visited
France to examine their lights, and returned convinced
that they were far superior; that they had erected one, and
were about to erect others, on the French system. At
Havre I visited the lights, found them on the sajne plan, a#
the English; the new lenses and lamps having been put'ijji
' use at Bordeaux.%nd a few other important points. At
{ Paris I fortunately made the acquaintance of Mr. Tresnel,
I son of the inventor of the new iamps and lenses, an engi-
] neer, Who was so liberal as to furnish me the printed re-
! ports and drawings on this subject; also the working
I drawings Ibr the lamps and lenses atToulon, which he
just then completed. He also had a lamp of the first order,
containing three concentric burne^with the lenses, fitted
up and lighted for my inspection. Tl was the most brilliant
light I ever saw. I was informed that the light at Bord«au
bad been frequently seen from mast-head, thirty miles,
j These drawings I sent home, and have them now. They
! were exhibited to Mr. Pleasonton,at Washington, sup^rin-
! tendent of lights, with a proposal to import a lainp and
i lenses from France, which would cost $180 or 8300; but
, met with no favor, much to my chagrin. I thought the . in-
formation valuable, and had indulged the pleasing anticipa-
tion of benefiting our country, but the officers or Gqvern-
i ment appeared to have other occupation than listening to
I improvements of this character. As to the comparative
merits of our lights and those of other countries, I should
think the masters of the packets could give clear and de-
cided evidence."
Now, sir, you have heard that letter read; and
you will perceive that Mr. Grinnell gives the su-
periority to the French system over our own.
The French system is one that enables you to see
the light before you come up to the horizon—7*
system by which one lamp answers the purpose (?f
the fifteen or twenty lamps used in your system—
a system that consumes but one fourth of the oil,
and does not cost one fifth the expense of main-
taining the American system.
I want that the Secretary of the Navy should ^e
