1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
it on the table. On this motion he demanded the
yeas and nays.
They were not, however, ordered.
The'question was then taken, and the House re-
fused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. MEADE asked if it was not in order to
move to commit the bill ? *
The SPEAKER said that such a motion would
be in order.
Mr. MEADE then moved to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BXJRT thought it was not in order to com-
mit the bilk
The SPEAKER said he had no hesitation in de-
ciding that it was in order.
Mr. MoLANE appealed from that decision.
Mr. BAYLY asked if the previous question had
been sustained ?
The SPEAKER said the previous question had
been seconded,but the main question had not been
ordered.
The question now being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded ^tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Ross and Olds ap-
pointed .
The question was then taken,and the tellers
reported 23 in the affirmative; noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was not sustained
by the House.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time, and car-
ried in the affirmative.
The bill was read a third time.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill; but they were not
ordered. !
Mr. STANLY moved the previous question. I
The question was taken, and the demand for I
the previous question received a second. |
Mr. MEADE moved to lay the bill on the table. '
Mr. MCMULLEN on that question demanded
the yeas and nay * which were ordered. The j
question being taken, resulted—yeas 80, nays 103 !
—as follows: I
YEAS—Me®rs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale,
Bell, Bingham, Bowdon, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Joseph I
Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, 1
Cleveland, Daniel, Danner, Diuimick, Disney, Dunham, I
Edmundson,Featherston, Fitch, Gilbert, Green, Hall, Ham-
ilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hib-
bard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Job Mann, Marshall, Ma-
son, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, Finis E. McLean,
McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Jolin K. Miller, Millson,
Morris, Morrison, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslec, Peck,
Penn, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Root, Ross, Seddon,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, •
Van Dyke, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick, Wood-
ward, and Young—430. j
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander,Anderson, Andrews, Bayly, |
Bennett, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Breck, !
Briggs, Bnsbin, Brooks, Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell, I
Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Con-
ger, Corwin, Crowell, Debeny, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duer, '
Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewing,
Fowler, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Gilmore, Goode-
now,Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hay, Hebard. Hen-
ry, Holmes, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson," Kerr,
George G. King, James <*. King, John A. King, Leffler,
Levin, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaughey,
McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Meacham, Moore, Nel-
son, Ogle, Otis, Owen, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Risley, Bobbins, Rockwell, Rosa, Rumsey, Sackett, !
Sawtelle, Schenck, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Spaulding, Spragne, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Stetson,
Strong, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurmnn, Toombs, ,
T®ck, Underbill, Vinton, Walden, Watkins, wentworth, I
White, Williams, and Wright—103.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the ta-
ble, and ordered the main question to be put.
The question now being "Shall the bifipass?" :
it was taken and carried in the affirmative, and
the bill was passed.
Mr. McLANE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the bill passed, and to lay
that motion on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BOWLIN asked the unanimous consent i
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table I
Senate bill No. 346, entitled " An act to ascertain :
and settle the private land claims in the State of
California." • |
Mr. CARTTER objected. j
Mr. BOWLIN moved to suspend the rules for <
that purpose.
Mr. WHITE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Potter and Baker were
appointed. The question was taken, and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 92, noes 42.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill was read the first and second time by
its title, when
Mr. BOWLIN said: As he desired to put the
bill on its passage, he would ask the indulgence of
■the House to say a few words in relation to it. It
was a Senate bill, and he would venture to say that
that House had not passed a bill for ten years that
had been so fully and thoroughly discussed and
investigated as that bill was in the Senate before it
came to that House. He believed that the bill
was as nearly perfect as it could be. It was a bill
of vital importance in settling the California land
titles, and to distinguish between the lands that be-
long to individuals and the public domain. It was
absolutely necessary to the people of California,
as well as the United States, that a line of de-
markation should be fixed in the matter of titles
of lands. That bill puts every title in California
to a fair and legitimate test of its validity. He
had no time to explain its provisions, and they
should have to take it upon trust—upon the faith
of its having received a rigid and thorough exam-
ination in the Senate. That body had given a
great deal of time to it, and it had been fought at
every step until it finally passed the Senate as
nearly perfect as it could be. He asked that the
bill be read a third time and put it upon its pas-
sage, and he moved the previous question.
Mr. YEN ABLE appealed to the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlik] to withdraw his demand
for the previous question for a moment.
Mr. BOWLIN refused.
Mr. VENABLE then moved to lay the bill on
the table.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to lay the bill on the table.
The question was taken, and the previous ques-
tion was seconded, and the main question was or-
dered to be put.
The question now being upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time, it was taken
and carried in the affirmative, and the bill was read
a third time.
The question being, " Shall the bill pass?"—
Mr. BOWLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded; and the main question
was ordered to be put.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and tellers on the yeas
and nays; neither of which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
Mr. BOWLIN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken by which the bill passed, and moved to
lay that motion on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOK8.
Mr. BOKEE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution for the
distribution of certain books which had heretofore
been ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, objected.
Mr. BOKEE moved to suspend the rules; which '
motion was agreed to; and the resolution was in- !
troduced, and read, ad follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
tbe papers of Thomas Jefferson, the purchase and publica-
tion of which are provided for by the ninth and tenth para-
graphs of the " Act making appropriations for the civil and ,
diplomatic expenses of the Government for tbe year ending
the 30th day of June, 1849, and for other purposes," ap-
proved August 12,1848, be distributed, when published, in
the same manner as is provided in relation to tbe papers of
Alexander Hamilton and John Adams, by joint resolution
at the present session of Congress. And, also, that one
copy of the statistics illustrating the history, present condi-
tion, and future prospects of the Indian tribes of the United
States, the compilation and publication of which are au-
thorized by the fifth section of the act entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to provide for the better or-
ganization of the Department of Indian Affairs,' and an act
entitled ' An act to regulate trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers,' ap-
proved June 30,1834, and for other purposes," approved
March 3,1847, and the act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1851,"
approved September 30,1850, be distributed as often as the
same may be published, to each member of the Thirty-first
Congress, whenever tbe same may be published and ready :
for delivery.
The bill having received its first and second
reading— i
Mr. BOKEE demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be put.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the resolution on the
table; which motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then read a third time-,
and the question being, " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. BOKEE demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be put; and under the operation thereof
the bill passed.
Mr. BOKEE moved to reconsider the vote just
taken by which the bill parsed, and to lay that
motion on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
LOUIS KOSSUTH AND OTHERS.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to proceed to the considera-
tion of a joint resolution from the Senate for the
relief of Louis Kossuth and his associates, exiles
fr.om Hungary.
Objection by several.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to suspend thA
rules to enable him to make the motion.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he wished
to know 
The SPEAKER (interrupting)' said all debate
was out of order.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, saidr before he
recorded his vote upon this resolution he demand-
ed to hear it read.
The resolution was read.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 126, nays 42—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Bayly, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell,
Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Briggs, Brisbin, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Burrows, Butler, George A. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Cleveland, Clingman, Cole, '
Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Danner, Deberry, Dickey, Dim-
mick, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Edmundson, Eliot,
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Gerry,
Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
Green, Grinnell, Halloway, Hamilton, Hampton, Thomas
L. Harris, Hay, Hebard, Hoagland, Howe, Hunter, James
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Kerr, James G.
King, John A. King, La Sere, LefBer, Levin, Job Mann,
Mason, Matteson, McClernand, McDowell, McGaughey,
McKissock, Robert M. McLane, Meacham, Meade, Moore,
Morris, Morrison, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Peck, Penn,
Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rich-
ardson, Risley, Robinson, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sack-
ett, Sawtelle, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Spaulding,
Sprague, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddens Stevens,
Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Un-
derbill, Vinton, Walden, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
Whittlesey, Williams, and Wilmot—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bowdon, Burt, E. C 
Cabell, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Daniel, Ewing,
Featherston, Fuller, Hall, Haralson, Sampson W. Harris,
Haymond, Henry, Holladay, Hubbard, Jones, McQuecn,
McWillie, Millson, Morse, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Peaslee,
Phelps, Powell, Ross, Seddon, Shepperd, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs,
Van Dyke, Waldo, Wallace, Woodward, and Young—42.
Mr. HARRIS^ of Tehnessee, who was absent
when his name was called, desired to record his
vote; but objection was made.
So the rules were suspended.
The resolution was then read the first and second
time by its title, when
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
was ordered to be put; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was ordered to be engrossed;
and being engrossed, was read the third time.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved theprevious ques-
tion on the passage of the bill; which was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HALL moved to lay the resolution on the
table; which motion was not agreed to.
The question now being, " Shall the resolution
pass?" it was taken, and decided in theaffirmative,
and the resolution was passed.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to reconsider the
vote just taken, and to lay that motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. STANLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to take up a bill of the Senate making
grants of land to the several States of the Union
for the relief and support of the indigent insane.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected.
Mr. STANLY moved to suspend the rules, for
