778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the bill.
Tlie yeas and nays were demanded, and or-
dered, and the question being taken, resulted—
veas 108, nays 70—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Bissell,
Bokee, Booth, Breek, Bnggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Burrows, Butler, Joseph 1*. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,
Cartter, Chandler, Cleveland, Clingman, Cole, Conner,
Corwin, Crowell, Danner, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duer,
Duncan, Eliot, Fowler, Freediey, Gentry, Gilinore,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Halloway, Hampton,
Tlioina* L. Harris, Hay, Raymond, Hebard, Henry, Hous-
ton, Howe, James L. Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Lelfler,
Levin, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matteson, McGaughey,
McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Hfeacham, Daniel F. Miller,
Moore, Morris, Morton* Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Out-
law, Pea«lee, Peck, Phrenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Kisley, Robinson, Rockwell,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schernierhom, School-
craft, Shepperd, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Richard H.
Stanton, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, Underhill, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White,
Whittlesey, Williams, and Wright—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Bay, Bajly, Beale, Bell, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Brisbin, Burt,
Joseph Cable, George Alfred Caldwell, W. R. W. Cobb,
Daniel, Dunuuck, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewmg,
Feather>ton, Fuller, Gerry, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
iftond, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Iloagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Jos.W. Jack-
eon, Andrew Johnson, Jones, LaSL-re,Littlefield, Marshall,
Mason, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, John K. Miller, Mill-
son, Morrison, Morse, Orr, Owen, Parker, Phelps, Rob-
bins, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Alex. H. Stephens, :
Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
Toombs, Wallace, Wellborn, Woodward, and Young—70. ;
So the rules were not suspended. !
CLERKS TO THE TREASURER OF THE MTNT.
On motion by Mr. LA SERE, by unanimous
consent, joint resolution No. 52 of the Senate,
changing the mode of appointing the clerks to the
Treasurer of the Mints of the United States, was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
The resolution was then read the third time and
passed.
. Mr. LA SERE moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the resolution, and to lay that mo-
tion on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said: Mr. Speak-
er, as the House has just joined the Senate in
paying a very high and very unusual compliment
to Louis Kossuth, a distinguished foreign general,
it seems to me to be quite opportune to the occa-
sion not to be unmindful of the just claims and
great merits of the most illustrious living com- !
mander of our own country, if not of the world.
I therefore move to suspend the rules, for the i
purpose of taking up the joint resolution from the
Senate to enable the President to confer the brevet I
rank of lieutenant general upon Major General
Winfield Scott. j
A motion was made that the House do now :
take a recess till six o'clock.
Mr. VINTON said, if the House take a recess
now, a call of the House would have to be taken
before a quorum could be obtained again.
Loud cries of " No, no ! we will be here." '
Mr. VINTON objected.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the 1
rules be suspended, so as to enable him to move l
that the resolution of the Senate authorizing the I
President to confer the title of lieutenant general
by brevet, for eminent services, be taken from the
Speaker's table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered; and the
question being taken, resulted—yeas 112, nays 72— j
as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Ashmun, Bayly,
Bennett, Bissell, Bocock, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, Buel, Burrows, Butler, E. C. Cabell, G.
A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Clingman, Cole, Conger,Corwin. Crowell, Dickey, Dixon,
Duer, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Freed-
iey, Gentry, Gilbert, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hal-
loway, Hampton, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Haymond, !
Henry, Hoagland, Holladay Holmes, Houston, Howe,
William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Leffler, Levin, Mar-
shall, Matteson, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, Mc- I
Kissock, McMullen, Meade, Daniel F. Miller, Moore, I
Morehead, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, I
Owen, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Rockwell,
Rose, Ross, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Shepperd, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
taylor, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, |,
| Toombs, Tuck, Underhill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton,
! Walden, Wellborn, and White—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale,
Booth, Boyd, Brisbin, Albert U. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable,
J. P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, W. It. W. Cobb, Dan-
i ner, Dimnnck, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Ewing,
| Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, lsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hibbard, Howard, Hubbard, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, La Sere, Littlefteld, Job
Mann, Mason, McClemand, McQueen, McWillie, John
K. Miller, Millson, Morrison, Mow, Orr, Parker, Peaslee,
Penn, Phelps, Robbins, Robinson, Savage, Sawtelle, Stet-
son, Sweetser, Thomas, James Tiiompson, Waldo, Wal-
lace, Watkins, Wentworth, Wildrick, Williams, YVilmot,
and Woodward—-72.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. GORMAN said, if he had been present
when his name was called, he would have voted
yea.
On motion by Mr. BOKEE, by unanimous con-
sent, it was ordered that the 16tli joint rule of the
two Houses be suspended, so far as relates to the
resolution of the House relating to the distribution
of certain books heretofore ordered to be published,
and that the Clerk request the concurrence of the
Senate in suspending the same.
The House, at half-past three o'clock, took a
EVENING SESSION.
The House met at six o'clock, p. m.
PENSIONS.
; On motion by Mr. WALDO, by unanimous
! consent, the joint resolution of the House (No. 9)
explaining the acts of 7th July, 1838, March 3,
1843, and June 17,1844, reported from the Senate,
with an amendment, was taken from the Speak-
er's table.
The amendment was read, and concurred in by
! the House.
MARGARET L. WORTH.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the rules be
i suspended to enable him to make a motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from the fur-
ther consideration of the Senate bill for the relief
of Margaret L. Worth, widow of the late General
j Worth, of the Army of the United States,
j. Mr. F. demanded the yeas and nays; but they
i were not ordered.
i The question being put upon the suspension of
j the rules, it was ascertained that no quorum was
j present.
I On motion by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
| it was ordered that there be a call of the House.
The roll was then called, and a quorum having
answered to their names,
On motion by Mr. STRONG, all further pro-
ceedings in the call were dispensed with.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Featherston to suspend the rules,
Tellers were demanded, and ordered, and Messrs.
Levin and Sawtelle were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 47.
Mr. FEATHERSTON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER decided that the yeas and nays
had been refused once, and they could be again 1
ordered.
So the rules were not suspended.
CIRCUIT COURTS OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. HAMPTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill 380, to change the terms of the circuit
courts for the eastern and western districts of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. HAMPTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended—ayes 100, noes 23.
The question being on the third reading of the
Mr. HAMPTON demanded the previous ques-
tion; which received a second, and the main ques-
tion was ordered; and under the operation thereof,
the bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. HAMPTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill passed, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to. i
RESOLUTIONS OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. ASHE asked and received the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce certain resolu-
tions of the Legislature of North Carolina, in re-
lation to the encouragement of home industry, and
| requesting their members in both branches of Con-
| gress to vote against any increase of tariff duties;
j which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
i printed.
Mr. CARTTER asked to take up Senate bill
No. 448, to amend the act to change the time of
holding the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Ohio; and he moved to
suspend the rules for that purpose.
DOORKEEPER OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HALL rose to a question of (jj-der. He
j believed that the election of Doorkeeper was post-
| poned to the first day of March. He would there-
j fore move that the House proceed to the election
J of a Doorkeeper.
Mr. CARTTER hoped that the gentleman from
Missouri would yield for a moment, in order that
the resolution he had presented might be con-
sidered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to a ques-
tion of privilege. He would renew the motion
made just now. He moved that we proceed to
the election of a Doorkeeper, and to lay the mo-
tion upon the table.
The SPEAKER stated to the House that they
had adopted aresolution to proceed to the election of
a Doorkeeper, and that the election was postponed
until to-day. The gentleman could attain his ob-
ject by moving to postpone it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to post-
pone it indefinitely.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
COURTS IN OHIO.
The question then recurred upon the motion
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,]
to suspend the rules that the House might proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill 448, to amend
the act to change the time df holding the circuit
i and district courts of the United States for the dis-
j trict of Ohio.
J The question was then taken, and it was agreed
j to.
So the rules were suspended.
The question now was on ordering the bill to a
; third reading.
j Mr. HOWARD asked the consent of the gen-
' tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to move an
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER inquired whether the adoption
of the amendment would send the bill to the
Senate?
The SPEAKER said it would have that effect.
Mr. CARTTER objected to the amendment.
11 The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
! read the third time and passed.
Mr. CARTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill passed, and to lay that motion
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
| COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
ij On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
,! (the rules having been suspended for the purpose,)
(i it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill of the
Senate (No. 18) entitled "An act to divide the district of
| Arkansas into two judicial districts.
; The House proceeded to the consideration of
said bill, the question being on its third reading—
i Mr. JOHNSON demanded the previous ques-
j tion.
! Pending which,
Mr. STRONG moved to lay the bill upon the
table; and the question being taken it was not
; agreed to.
| The previous question was then seconded, and
i the main question was ordered and put; and under
the operation thereof the said bill was ordered to
; be read a third time.
i The bill was accordingly read a third time, and,
under the operation of the previous question, was
i passed.
i Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay that mo-
i tion on the table; which latter motion was agreed
! to.
UNION GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to take up from
th«
