78*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay out of the
contingent fund to John . Nye the suiu ot on his
executing a reIea-**\ under his hand and seal, to the frui-
ted States, in such form a< Miall he approved by smd
Clerk, of all claim" against the United States or the Post-
master of this Hou«e, in respect to the several matters set
forth In his petition and papers referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary of the House, and subsequently to the
Committee of Claims, or referred to in the papers, or by the
witnesses whose te^timonj was before the committee, which
release s-hall by the Clerk be preserved among the files of
his otfice.
Mr. McLEAN said that this matter had been re-
ferred to the various committees of the House and
Senate, and had been favorably reported upon.
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected to any debate.
The SPEAKER stated that all debate was out
of order.
Mr. McGAUGHEY said he believed that this
case had been presented to and refused by Con-
gress several times.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; which
were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the suspension
of the rules, and decided in the negative.
So the rules were not suspended.
WEST FELICIANA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that the
rules be suspended, to enable him to move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of the
Senate bill for the relief of the West Feliciana rail-
road.
Mr. B. said, he found that the bill had been
misunderstood by many gentlemen, and he desired
to explain 
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected, as debate was out |
of order.
The question was then taken on the suspension
of the rules, and decided in the negative.
PAY TO CONTESTANTS OF SEATS.
Mr. MOORE moved to suspend the rules, to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to as-
certain, as soon as possible, the legal expenses of the con-
tested election in the Fourth Congressional District of
Pennsylvania, and pay the same out of the contingent fund
of this House.
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay to John S.
Littell his per diem and mileage, as are usually allowed to
members of Congress, from the commencement of the first ;
session of this Congress until the llth day of September 1
last, inclusive, the contest for a seat between him and the !
Hon. John Kobbins, jr., having been decided on that day. j
The question was then taken, and the rules
were not suspended.
CANAL AROUND THE FALLS OF ST. MART, j
Mr. BINGHAM moved to suspend the rules, j
to offer a resolution to discharge the Committee !
on Public Lands from the further consideration of \
the bill of the House making a grant of land for
the construction of a canal around the Falls of St.
Mary.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion, but they were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the rules w«re not
suspended.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. OTIS rose and said: I ask the indulgence
of the House afew minutes for a personal explana-
tion. The following communication appeared in
the Boston Atlas of the 28th ult:
11 McLean Street, Thursday Evening,
To the Editors of the Atlas: In the evening papers of this
date, under the telegraphic head, I notice the following
item :
'k The facts appear to be, that Mr. Webster wrote to the
fuhtreasurer, Mr- Haven, that he had been offered the State
Department, hut could not accept it unless his friends would
make up what he would sacrifice pecuniarily by accepting.
"Mr. Haven showed the letter to CollectorGreeley, who
tit that time told its contents to Mr. Otis, a member from
Maine, who was present. Mr. Otis has divulged the mat-
ter to Congressmen. It is whispered that Peter Harvey
brought on the Boston funds, and A. 6. Benson the New
York funds."
Will you have the goodness to say in your paper of to-
morrow, that this statement, so far as it refers to me, is ut-
terly untrue. Mr. Haven never showed me any such letter;
I never knew that he had received any such letter, nor have
I ever made any such statement to Mr. Otis, or anybody
eUe. Your obedient servant, P. GREELEY, Jr.
I did not authorize the publication in the Herald,
and it was done without my knowledge. I am
not responsible for it in that form. I did repeat a
conversation I had with Mr. Greeley, from which
the statement was undoubtedly made.
In July last, before the President had formed his
Cabinet, on my return from Maine, having heard it
j reported that Mr. Webster was to be Secretary of
Slate, I called at the custom-house in Boston, and
inquired of Mr. Greeley about it. He said it was
; reported that there were letters in the city from Mr.
Webster, in which he said that the President had
offered him the situation of Secretary of State. In
a few minutes a stranger to me came into the room,
and called Mr. Greeley one side and gave him a let-
ter to read. After reading it, and a few minutes
conversation, Mr. Greeley returned to his seat, and
said that the gentleman was Mr. Haven, and the
; letter was from Mr. Webster, in which he stated
( that the President had offered him the situation of
Secretary of State, and he only hesitated to accept
it from the pecuniary sacrifice he must make. He
added, that Mr. Haven told him lie should write
that day to Mr. Webster urging him to accept
I the place, and whatever sacrifice he made should
be made up to him by his friends.
I The morning of my return here, which was
within forty-eight hours after that conversation
took place, I repeated it in this Hall, in the hear-
ing of more than a dozen members. I have been
inquired of recently, and have repeated it as near
as words would convey the exact meaning of a
conversation. If any injustice is done, tmh the
letter of Mr. Webster and the reply of Mr. Haven
are undoubtedly in existence, and their publica-
tion will show the matter correctly.
Had Mr. Greeley candidly stated in his note the
matter as it was, instead of equivocating upon the
expression of " such letter" and " such statement,"
he would have saved himself any further trouble;
and saved me the necessity of this explanation.
HERBERT H. BOOBY.
Mr. GORMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 93, being
an act for the relief of Herbert H. Booby. Mr.
G. stated that it was a meritorious case, for he
knew that the person presenting the claim had
been injured in the service of his country. He
had lost his arm in Mexico.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
and read three several times and passed.
MARGARET HETZEL.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 130, being an act for
the relief of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel, widow and
administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late Assistant
(Quartermaster in the army of the United States.
Mr. KING demanded tellers; and they were
ordered.
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Gilbert and Chandler acting,) resulted—ayes
79, noes 52.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to the Post Office
appropriation bill, made the following report:
The committee of conference on the part of the House
have met the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate, upon the disagreeing votes between the two Houses
upon the amendments of the Senate to the bill entitled "A
bill making appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852, and for other purposes," and after a full and free con-
ference thereon, have agreed that the House recede from
its disagreement to the first amendment of the Senate, and
also recede from its disagreement to the third amendment,
and agree to the same with the following amendment, viz :
" Provided, That the power conferred by this section shall
not extend to any case of fine, penalty, forfeiture, disabil-
ityi, alleged liability or claim, which shall be incurred, ac-
crue or arise subsequent to the passage of this act, or to any
judgment obtained after the passage thereofand rec-
ommend to their respective Houses the adoption of tlie
same. TH. H. BAYLY,
J. THOMPSON,
Committee of House.
R.M. T. HUNTER,
THO. J. RUSK,
J. A. PEAltCE,
Committee of Senate.
The report, under the operation of the previous
question, was concurred in.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. MORSE moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to move to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the further consideration of the
bill of the Senate to authorize the settlement of
certain classes of private land claims within the
limits of the Baron De Bastrop's grant, and to ;
allow preemption rights to actual settlers in case
of the settlement of the claim favorable to the
United States.
i Mr. M. stated that another bill of a similar im-
| port had been passed by the House under a mis-
1 apprehension. [Laughter.]
Mr. M. demanded tellers; and they were or-
dered.
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Morse and Putnam acting,) and resulted—ayes
; 100, noes 30.
, So the rules were suspended.
! Mr. M. demanded the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered; which main question
was on the third reading of the bill.
The question was then taken and agreed to, and
the bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the 17th joint
rule was suspended, so far as the same relates to
the bills passed by the House to-day.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
, Dickins, their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have agreed to the report of
, the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
! two Houses, on the bill of the House (No. 438) making ap-
propriations for the service of the I'o-t Office Department
I for the year ending June 30, 1852, and for other purposes.
II The Senate have agreed to the amendment of the House to
; the amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
351) entitled " An act to reduce and modify the rates of
postage in the United States, and for other purposes." Tli«
Senate have concurred in the resolution of the House sua
pending the 17th joint rule of the two Houses, so far as
rplates to the bill of the Senate (No. 13) entitled " An act
for the relief of Cincinnatus Trousdale and John G. Con-
nelly, of Arkansas."
1 WILLIAM HARDIN.
Mr. HARALSON said that during the session
he had not troubled the House much, and he would
therefore venture to ask the House to discharge
the Committee of the Whole from the further con-
sideration of Senate hill 179, being an act for the
relief of William Hardin. He would only remark,
in regard to it, that it was a case that had been
several times reported favorably upon, and had at
last received the sanction of the Senate.
There being no objection, the bill was brought
before the House for consideration, and Mr. H.
moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which main question was
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
The question being taken and agreed to, the bill
was read a third time, and passed.
UNION GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. STANLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to order to a third read-
ing bill No. 278 of the Senate, to incorporate the
Union Gaslight Company, in the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion having been agreed to,
Mr. S. offered the following amendment to the
bill, to come in at the end of the 8th section:
" Provided, further, That before the Commissioner of
Public Buildings shall make any contract with any com-
pany for the supply of gas, he shall advertise for sixty days
in two newspapers published hi the city of Washington,
and shall contract with the lowest bidder."
Mr. STANLY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question having been seconded,
the main question was ordered; which main ques-
tion was on agreeing to the amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The question was then on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
Mr. S. demanded the previous question.
Mr. MOORE moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Moore's mo-
tion, and it was not concurred in.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered; which main question
was on ordering the bill to a third reading.
The question was taken, and the bill was read a
third time and passed.
GRANT OF LAND.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to suspend the rules, in
order that he might report from the Committee on
the Public Lands the bill of the Senate granting
the right of way and making a donation of the
public lands for a road from Mobile, Alabama, to
Qirard, on the line of Georgia.
