1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
GEORGE G. BISHOP. !
Mr. DUNHAM moved a suspension of the |
rules, to enable him to move that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill for the relief of George G. Bishop,
and the legal representatives of John Arnold, de-
ceased.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
REPAIRS OF THE HALL.
Mr. MASON (the rules having been suspended
for the purpose) offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to, viz:
Retokei, That the Assistant Doorkeeper be authorized
to have done the usual necessary repairs and refitting of the
Hall and Committee Rooms, under the direction of the
Clerk.
Mr. CROWELL moved to suspend the rules to
take up Senate bill 432, being a bill for the relief
of William B. Hart, and asked for tellers; which
were ordered.
And the question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Caldwell, of Kentucky, and Wentwokth act-
ing,) resulted—ayes 57, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
ACCOUNTS OF THE PUBLIC PRINTERS.
Mr. McWILLIE movedto suspend the rules,
so as to enable him to giove to take up the joint
resolution of the Senate providing for auditing and
settling the accounts of the public printers during
the recess of Congress, and asked for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, and the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
suspend the rules, to enable him to move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole House from
die further consideration of the bill of the Senate
for the relief of H. J. McClintock, Harrison Gill,
and Mansfield Carter.
The question being taken, the rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. THOMPSON submitted his motion; which
was agreed to.
Mr. Tjfcdemanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which main question was
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was read a third time and passed.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, ap-
pointed Mr. Thurmakt and Mr. Wm. J. Brown,
additional members of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. ASHMUN moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to report, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, the bill of the Senate (No. 14)
entitled " An act providing for an additional term
of the United States circuit and district courts of
Chicago, in the district of Illinois."
The question being taken, was decided in the
negative—ayes 60, noes not counted.
Mr. POTTER, moved to suspend the rules, that
he might move to take up the joint resolution from
the Senate to appoint an agent to receive bids for
postal service in California and Oregon; which was
not agreed to, two thirds not voting in favor
thereof.
LAND OFFICERS.
Mr. THURMAN moved a suspension of the
rules, to allow him to report, from the Committee
on the Publie Lands, the bill of the Senate (No.
62) entitled " An act respecting the compensation
of registers and receivers of the United States land
offices for locating Mexican military bounty land
warrants." i
The question being taken, the rules were not
suspended.
JOSEPH JANNEY, ETC.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, to which was referred
the petition of the legal representatives of Joseph
Janney, General Robert Young, William Morsel,
and Samuel THliard and George W. Biscoe, and
Christopher Neale, assignee, &c., made a report
thereon, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was read a first and second time, committed
to a Committee of the Whole House, made die or-
der of the day for to-morrow, and the bill and re-
port ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOYD proposed to the House that it take
a recess until eight o'clock in the morning. If
there should be any objection 'to his motion, he
would move to suspend the rules to enable him to
submit his motion.
Objection was made; when
Mr. BOYD made a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that this
House adjourn, jiiu die, at twelve o'clock; and on
this motion he demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion could
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to suspend the rules.
. The SPEAKER stated that the motion was not
in order pending the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. BOYD said that he wished to test the sens*
of the committee on this motion.
The question was then taken, and the rules yrere
not suspended.
RESOLUTIONS OF FLORIDA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. CABELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Florida, viz:
1. In favor of a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the Atlantic to the Gulf of Mexico.
2. In favor of the establishment of a Bureau of Agriaol-
ture.
3. Relative to the sixteenth sections.
4. Asking a cession to the State of Florida of the public
lands in said Stale.
5. Asking an appropriation of land to aid in the construc-
tion ef aplunk re ad from Jacksonville to Alligator.
6. In favor of the graduation of the price of the public
lands.
7. Relative to a grant hy Congress of a quarter section of
land for the county site of Calhoun county.
8. Relative to the payment of losses sustained by citizens
of Florida in the late Indian hostilities, and asking the ftp-
phintment of a commission.
9. Relative to the payment of certain companies of Flor-
ida volunteers.
10. Relative to the claim of Levi F. Mocher, deceased.
Ordered that the said resolutions be laid on the
table and printed.
SUSPENSION OF RULES.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, by unani-
mous consent,
Ordered, That the seventeenth joint nile of the two
Houses be suspended so far as relates to bills which have
already passed both Houses.
OPINIONS OF ATTORNEYS GENERAL.
On motion by Mr. CONGER, (the rules having
i been suspended for the purpose,) the Speaker laid
before the House the following message, heretofore
received from the President of the United States,
viz:
To the Honorable Howell Cosb,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives:
I have the honor herewith to transmit to thejioaw of 1
Representatives MSS. No. a, of the Opraionsof the Attor- '■
neys General, prepared in pursuance or its resolution. !
1WILLAHD FILLMORE. j
Washington, March 1,1851.
Mr. CONGER (the rules havingbeen suspend- 1
ed for that purpose) submitted a resolution, which :
was read, considered, and agreed to, for the print-
ing of the said message.
Mr. FULLER moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to submit a motion to take up and.con-
sider the resolution of the Senate entitled "A res-
olution providing for auditing and settling the ac-
counts of the public printers during the recess of
Congress."
The question being taken, was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 80, noes 38.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table, read three
severed times, and, under the operation of the pre-
vious question, was passed.
Mr. FULLER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution liad been passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. FULLER the 17th joint i
rule was suspended so far as it related to this reso-
lution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to sus-
pend the rules, to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House inform the Sen-
ate that this House, having disposed of the important busi- I
ness of the sessiou, is now reaidy to adjourn. !
jj The question being taken, the rules were sus-
,i pended and the resolution agreed to, under the
■ • 1 :    '
operation of the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to recon*
sider the vote by which the resolution had been
agreed to, and to lay that motion on the table)
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House had ordered the message of the
President, covering the Opinions of the Attorneys
General, tobe printed. His object was, that the mo-
tion he had made might embrace the Opinions of
the Attorneys General that had been presented a
few weeks since.
The question being taken, the vote was recon-
sidered.
Mr. CONGER then offered the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Opinions of the Attorneys General of
the United States, which were ordered to be prepared and
communicated to this House, by resolution passed July 24,
1850, be printed.
ACCOUNTS OF ROBERT L. BLAIR.
Mr. WATKINS called up the motion made by
him in last September to reconsider the vote by
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs the bill of the Senate (353) authorizing the
settlement and payment of the account of Robert
L. Blair, for the subsistence and transportation of
companies K and L, of the fifth regiment Tennes-
see volunteers, from Jonesborough to Knoxville,
in the year eighteen hundred and forty-seven, and
demanded the previous question.
| The previous question did not receive a second;
ayes 56, noes not counted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the
table.
TIME OF CLOSING THE SESSION.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. It is now, M/. Speaker, five
minutes before twelve o'clock,on the 3d of March.
I submit to the Chair, that constitutionally this
Congnesa expires at twelve o'clock. Has the
House a right te ait after twelve o 'clock ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide
that question until the hour arrives.
Mr. CHANDLER moved that the rules be sus-
: | pended, so as to enable him to move to discbarge
the Committee of the Whole House from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill No. 137, being a
bill for the relief of Walter Colton.
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to.
Mr. HA.RRIS, of Illinois, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to move to discharge the
Committee on Private Land Claims from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill No. 61, entitled
"An act for the relief of preemption claimants of the
land upon which the towns of Fort Madison and
Burlington, in Iowa, are situated." He stated that
j the object of the bill was to allow certain persons
who, undar the preemption laws, had located upon
lands which were taken from them by the Gov-
1 ernment, to locate other lands.
i The bill, he said, had passed the Senate, and ho
I had been for two months waiting for an oppor-
j tunity to report it back to the House.
I Objection was made.
I Mr. HARRIS moved to suspend the rules.
The question was subsequently taken, and the
motion to suspend the rules was not agreed to.
Twelve o'clock, p. m.
: Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
j House adjourn sine die, and called for the yeas
s and nays on that motion.
[ The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. AVERETT moved that the rules be aua-
| pended, so as to enable him to report from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill of th®
Senate, (No .56,) granting a pension to John Le
Roy; which motion was disagreed to—two thirds
! not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
' question of order.
The SPEAKER said that there could be no
question of order on a motion to adjourn.
; Mr. THOMPSON wished to raise this ques-
I tion: that whether the House resolve to adjourn
! or not, it stands adjourned by force of law.
