1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
action in a very short time, and the resolution,
therefore, would not be necessary.
Mr. SEDDON said, he was pleased to receive
this information, but he thought if this resolution :
was passed it might expedite their action.
Mr. DUER objected.
Mr. SEDDON moved to suspend the rules for .
the purpose.
The motion was not agreed to—two thirds not
voting therefor.
Mr. McDONALDaskedtheunanimousconsent
of the House to offer the following resolution: i
Resolved, That the Clerk pay to John T. Ball, out of the
contingent fund of tlie House, the amount claimed by him
for services rendered in the office of the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, in the discharge of duties as a clerk,
and for which he only received the per diem pay of a mes-
senger.
Objection was made.
Mr. McDONALD moved to suspend the rules. !
The motion was not agreed to—two thirds not
voting therefor.
RIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. "WALDO asked the unanimous consent of ,
the House to take up Senate bill No. 450, entitled' ,
" An act to grant to the New Haven and New
London Railroad Company the right of way |
through the custom-house lot in New London." ''
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, objected.
On motion by Mr. WALDO, the rules were sus- :
Eended, and the bill was taken up and read twice
y its title.
Mr. W. moved the previous question; which :
received a second, and the main question was or- j
dered. I
The question now being on ordering the bill to ;
be read a third time, the question was put, and car-
ried in the affirmative; and the bill was read the
third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. WALDO, by unanimous
consent, the 17th joint rule, which provides that
no bill passed by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives shall be presented to the President for
his signature on the last day of the session, was
suspended as far as this bill was concerned.
A message was subsequently received from the
Senate, announcing the concurrence of that body
in the above resolution.
THE PURCHASE OF MOUNT VERNON.
Mr. DUNCAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to allow him to introduce the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in- i
quire and report to the next Congress, whether the estate
known a« Mount Vernon, formerly the residence of General
George Washington, can be purchased, and at what price;
and also upon its suitableness for the site of a Military Asy-
lum.
Objection was made.
Mr. D. moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to—two thirds not
voting therefor.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Mr. DUER said, if he could get the ear of the
House for a few moments, he wished to make an
appeal to them. It was highly probable, i£ not
absolutely certain, that no river and harbor bill
would pass the Senate this session. There was a
harbor at Oswego, in his own State, at which there
was a commerce of many millions, and in which
there was a large revenue collected. The harbor
there had been built at great cost, and was now
nearly in a ruinous condition. The bill proposed
to grant the power of imposing tonnuge duties at
that harbor. If it was passed it would have the
effect to save the harbor from ruin. He asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a bill
to give the assent of Congress to the passage of an
act by the State of New York imposing certain
tonnage duties.
Several Members objected.
Mr. DUER moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to; and
Mr. DUER introduced a bill of the above title,
which having been read a first and second time by
its title, he moved the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to lay the bill on the
table. He wanted to know if the country was to ,
patch up one little harbor in the State of New
York, and give up the wholegeneral system of in-
ternal improvements.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the bill was not laid on the table. '
The question now being upon seconding the j
demand for the previous question, [
Mr. McDONALD demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Jones and Mason were
appointed. The question was then taken, and the
tellers reported—ayes 66, noes 19; no quorum
voting. :
Mr. McDONALD moved a call of the House.
Mr. J ON ES demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and the question being taken result-
ed—yeas 38, nays 92.
So the House refused a call.
The question then recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DUER demanded tellers; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. Shepperd, and Brown of
Mississippi, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 65, noes 43, no quorum voting.
Mr. McDONALD moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll.
Several absentees were sent after and excuses
received.
Mr. STRONG moved that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with. .
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called the
gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] had a right to make the
motion.
The question was then taken upon the motion,
and all further proceedings in the call were sus-
pended.
The question again recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on the engross-
ment of the tonnage bill, No. 478, and being put,
no quorum voted. j
CINCINNATUS TROUSDALE AND JOHN CON- j
NOLLY, !
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
the Committee of the Whole House were djs- ,
charged from the further consideration of the bill 1
of the Senate, No. 13, entitled an "Act for the re-
lief of CincinnatusTrousdale and John Connolly,
of Arkansas;" and the House proceeded to the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. J. said the bill had been twice rejected by
the House to-day, but he felt it his duty again to
appeal to the House to pass it. He thought if
it was properly understood, no member would ob-
ject to it. He moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question now being upon ordering the bill
to be read the third time, it was put and carried in
the affirmative; and the bill was read the third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
it was taken and carried in the affirmative.
So the bill passed.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
by unanimous consent, the 17th joint rule was
dispensed with, so far as it related to this bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that the
House take a recess till eight o clock.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, merely asked per-
mission to say that he had justcomefrom the Sen-
ate, and he believed that the civil and diplomatic
bill would be here in ten minutes. He thought it
would be unwise to take a recess.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to take a recess.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
" Resolved, That the members of the various standing
committees be authorized to deliver their reports to the
Clerk of the House, to be printed under this order; and that
all papers upon which no reports are prepared be returned
to the Clerk, to be placed on the files ofthe House."
On motion by Mr. WALDO, by unanimous
consent—
" Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files ofthe House of the petition and papers of William
Thomas, for the purpose of reference to one of the Depart-
ments."
Further motions were made by unanimous con-
sent, and leave granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the following petitions and
papers, for the purpose of reference to the Depart-
ments:
By Mr. ANDREWS: The petition and papers of William
D. Ausmcnt.
By Mr. OUTLAW: The petition and papers of George
C. J. Johnston.
By Mr. SPAULDING: The petition and papers of Daniel
Bryman.
By Mr. HAMPTON: The petition and papers of Tobias
Myers and Chambers McKibben.
By Mr. BRBCK: The petition and papers of James
Dysert.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, proposing
to raise the pay of certain messengers of the House
to equal the pay to the same class of messengers
in the Senate.
Mr. JONES objected. He said that the same
resolution had been refused several times during
the night.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the unanimous
consent of the House to move to discharge the
Committee on the Judiciary from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 14, to provide for an
additional term of the United States circuit and
district courts at Chicago, in the district of Illinois.
Mr. W. wished to state to the House, that every
member of this House had presented resolutions
which this House had adopted. He hoped that
this bill, which had been before the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and which was ready to be reported back
from that committee, would meet with favorable
consideration. If there was any section of it which
was objectionable it could be stricken out.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked that the bill might
be read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER said that objection being made,
the bill cannot be considered.
Mr. SEDDON said that as the day was clearly
dawning, and the sun of the 4th of March was
brightening, he insisted that there was no power
in the Constitution which would allow them to sit
longer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the House can do business until twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. ANDREWS desired to offer a resolution;
but objection being made it was not entertained.
Mr. WENTWORTH again asked the House
to extend to him the courtesy which they have
extended to every member of this House, and al-
low the Judiciary Committee to be discharged
from the bill providing for an additional term of
the circuit and district courts at Chicago.
Mr. MILLER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary never reported that bill.
Mr. McGAUGHEY consented to it, under the
supposition that the Judiciary Committee were ia
favor of it.
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to state what
were his objections.
The SPEAKER said it could not be done.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a suspension of
the rules, to enable him to submit his motion. _
The SPEAKER ruled the motion out of order, *
the bill presented by Mr. Duer not having yet
been disposed of, it being before the House under
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. DOTY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to move to take up Senate bill 399, to
authorize the State of Wisconsin to select the res-
idue of the land to which that State is entitled to
under the act of 8th August, 1846, to aid in the
improvement ofthe Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
Mr. AVERETT objected.
Mr. GREEN asked the unanimous consent of
the House that he might make a motion to take
up Senate bill granting to the State of Missouri a
right of way and a portion of the public lands for
the purpose of aiding in making a railroad from
St. Louis to the western limits of said State.
Mr. G. said, if they would not pass it as it was,
he would ask that they strike out the grant of al-
ternate sections of land. They intended to make
the road any way. Missouri had never received
one solitary foot of land for a single work of inter-
nal improvement. This was a last earnest request,
that the House would pass this bill. He preferred
to have the bill passed as it now stands, but if the
House refuse to do that, he would move to strike
out the alternate sections. They were going to
make the road any way. For the purpose of
bringing the bill before the House he moved a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. AVERETT objected.
The SPEAKER. As objection is made, the
motion cannot be considered.
