1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
paid out of the sum appropriated for the collection of the
revenue."
No. 47. -fdd the following section to the bill:
"Sec. —. -ind he it further enacted, That the district judge
fbr the district of Texas be, and lieis hereby required to hold
terras of hid court annually at Austin, Tyler, and Browns-
ville, at each of which places he be authorized to appoint a
clerk at each of said places, and the marshal and district
attorney for said district shall attend upon said county, and
the judre may order transfers of cases as in his judgment
justice may require, and direct at what places suits agaihst
parties residing in particular counties may be brought"
No. 48. Add the following section to the bill:
"Sec. —. Jlni be it further enacted, That so much of
the act of 30th September, 1850, as declares that ' the com-
pensation of the watchmen in the various Departments of
Government shall be $500 per annum,'shall be construed
to include the watchmen of the Navy Y ard at Washington."
Mr. BAYLY desired simply to say that nearly
every one of the amendments of the Senate was to
carry out some law which had been passed since '
the "bill left the House. He now moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. FITCH inquired of the Speaker if he could
have the privilege of asking the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means a question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
can have that privilege.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to know of the chairman,
if one of the Senate amendments, in which the
committtee of conference recommend our concur- i
rence, is not an amendment to the House bill by i
which the provision in the bill regulating mileage
is struck out ?
Mr. BAYLY answered, that a bill regulating
mileage having passed both bodies, the House
committee on conference had agreed to the Sen-
ate amendment striking out that provision.
Mr. FITCH. The bill which has passed Con-
gress upon the subject of mileage is altogether a
different affair from the provision in the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill in relation to the !
same subject, and which provision the Senate I
amendment proposes to strike out. The bill |
which has passed operates almost exclusively upon I
the Senate, and only to prevent a construction of !
the law regulating mileage; which no Senator,
having a decent regard for his own reputation or
for public opinion, would previously have insisted
upon. The provision in this appropriation bill,
on the same subject, operates upon both ends of
the Capitol, and prevents a wrong which the pres-
ent law not only encourages, but renders almost
absolutely imperative. I trust, therefore, that the
report of the committee in this respect will not be
concurred in. There are other objections to a
concurrence in the committee's report; among not
the least of which is the fact, that of many of the
amendments which that report accepts, we are
ignorant; and the chairman appears determined,
by calling the previous question, that we shall re-
main so. Now, sir, I will not vote in the dark—
will not vote for a measure affecting, in important
particulars, for good or evil, the interests of the
country. Many of those amendments I predict
will be found highly objectionable, if not mis-
chievous. 1 care not, therefore, if the whole bill
is lost by our refusing to concur—though of such
loss there is very little danger—but still trust the
House will so refuse. I shall endeavor ta£btain
the yeas and nays upon concurrence. This at-
tempt upon the part of the Committee of Ways
and Means to coerce the House into the adoption
of a measure the details of which they will notin-
form us of, or permit us to examine, is a legislative
tyranny, and an outrage, to which we ought not ;
to submit.
Mr. GREEN asked if it was not proposed to 1
authorize the issue of $5,000,000 Treasury notes ? ;
Mr. BAYLY said that it was proposed to au-
thorize a ten years'loan at five per cent.
Mr. FITCH hoped that the House would not
concur.
Mr. JONES said that tfte committee of con-
ference recommended that: the House should re-
cede from its non-concurrence in the Senate amend-
ment relating to mileage. He was for adhering to
the provisions of the bill, even to its loss. The
Senate had also put in what had been stricken out '
in the House—the appropriation for surreys of
public lands.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
The previous question having been seconded,
the main question was ordered; which main ques-
tion was on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference. j
Mr. FITCH demanded the yean and nays. >
j Mr. BAYLY. If the yeas and nays be called,
1 the bill cannot be enrolled.
i Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
! the reading of the amendments.
j Mr. BAYLY. It will take an hour, at least.
| Mr. THOMPSON said it was unreasonable to
i require a vote upon thp bill and amendments when
j they had never been reported to the House,
j Mr. FITCH demanded the yeas and nays, and
i tellers on the yeas and nays; and tellers were or-
' dered.
i Mr. BAYLY said, if the nuestion was taken by
yeas and nays, the bill woula not be enrolled in
time, and would be lost.
; And the question beingtaken by tellers, (Messrs.
Boyd and Gentry acting,) was decided in the
negative—ayes 529, noes 120.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the report of the committee of conference, and
was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
* which the House had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference, and to lay that motion
. on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the 17th joint rule
' of the two Houses was suspended to enable the
| civil and diplomatic bill to be sent to the President
i for his signature.
I A message was subsequently received from the
i Senate announcing the adoption of the report of
the committee of conference on the civil and dip-
lomatic bill, and the adoption of the resolution of
the House suspending the 17th joint rule in re-
gard to it.
On motion by Mr. HOLMES, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files ot the House of the petition and papers of Harriet
Asliby, widow of Major Ashby.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to enable him to intro-
duce a bill giving the assent of Congress to the
several States to lay imposts on tonnage duties-of
vessels for the improvement of rivers and harbors.
Mr. SPAULDING objected.
Mr. McLANE moved to suspend the culesi
Mr. CLINGMAN called forthe yeas and nays;
j which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
I 89, nays 89; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bell,
Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Brisbin,
E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Chandler, Cleveland, Clingman, Conger, Danner, Deberry,
Dimmick, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Ewing,
Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gilbert, Hall, Hamilton, Haral-
son, Harlan, Jsham G. Harris, Hibbard, Hilliard, Holladay,
Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson. Kobert W. Johnson, jones,
Julian, La Sere, Littlefield, Job Mann,Mason, McDonald,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, Meade, Mill-
son, Morris, Morse, Morton, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robinson, Ross, Sawtelle,
Schermerhorn, Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Sweetscr, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, .Toomb*,
Waldo, Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Wilmot, Woodward, Wright, and Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
1 Andrews, Ashmuu, Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowie,
I Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Butler, Joseph Cable, Cal-
: vin, Campbell, Cartter, Clarke, Cole, Crowell, Dickey,
i Dixon, Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
i way, Hampton, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Howe, Wil-
liam T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr,George G. King,
; James G. King, John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann, Mar-
' shall,Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, Meachain,Moore,
i Morrison, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Phoenix. Pit-
, man, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell,
| Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Savage, Schenck, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeus
\ Stevens, Strong, Taylor. John B. Thompson, Thurman,
j Underhill, Van Dyke, Watkins, White, and Williams—89.
So the rules were not suspended.
j A message was received from the President of
! the United States, by Millard P. Fillmore, his
i Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
| did on this day approve and sign a bill of the fol-
; lowing title, viz: "An act making appropriation
j for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1852."
| DEAD LETTERS IN CALIFORNIA AND OREGON. ,
! Mr. BOKEE afcked the unanimous consent of
| the House to enable him to take up a joint resolu-
I tion from the Senate in relation to dead letters in '
j the post offices in California and Oregon, and for j
. other purposes. j
■ Mr. AVERETT objected. I
Mr. BOKEE moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. SWEETSER called for tellers; which were
ordered.
And the question being taken, (Messrs. Camp-
bell and Hamilton acting,) it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 97, noes 28.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BOKEE demanded thep revious question.
Mr. THURSTON appealed to the gentleman
to withdraw the demand for the previous question,
to allow him to say a word or two.
Mr. BOKEE declined to do so.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the resolution on tha
table, and called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the call
had been commenced; when
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate an-
nouncing the passage by that body of the Navy
appropriation bill, with sundry amendments. The
amendments are as follow:
No. 1. Insert at the end of the paragraph appropriating
$580,080 for commission, warrant, and petty officers, and
seamen, including engineers and marines attached to vessels
for sea service, the following :
" Provided, That no commutation of rations shall be al-
lowed except to officers and their attendants, and for the
spirit part of the ration; and no person not actually at-
tached to and doing duty on board a sea-going or receiving
j vessel, and the petty officers, seamen, and ordinary seamen
| attached to the ordinary of the navy-yards, shall be allowed
\ a ration: Jlnd provided, further, That no rations stopped
j for the sick on board vessels shall be credited to the hos-
pital fund, but shall remain and be accounted for by the
i purser as part of the provisions of the vessels; and that the
■ rations of officers and others of the Navy, sent to hospitals
1 on shore, shall be credited to the hospital fund at the cost
, only thereof; and the chief of the bureau of provisions and
| clothing, with the approbation of the Secretary of the Navy,
! shall prescribe all such regulations in relation to stopping
I such rations as will insure a faithful, accountability for the
| rations stopped for the sick on board vessels, and to insure
due credit to the hospital fund for the rations at cost of those
sent to the hospitals on shore; the said regulations to go
into effect on the first day of the succeeding month after their
offi cial receipt at yards, stations, and on board vessels."
No. 2. In the following proviso, viz : •
" Provided, That the said increased service on the Pacific
aide shall he at a rate not exceeding the rate now paid for
Pacific service, and to be performed in the steamships built
according' to the specifications, and subject to all the clauses
of the A. Harris contract, beneficial to the United States"—
Strike out the words " the rate," and insert in lieu there-
of the words " seventy-five per cent upon the amounts."
No. 3. To add at the end of the above proviso the follow-
ing :
" And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized to in-
clude-in this arrangement such a. provision for the trans-
portation of the letter mails only in the steamships of the said
contractors running between New York and Chagres, and
as in his opinion the public service may demand, not ex-
ceeding in the whole the amount herein limited."
No. 4. Strike out the words " usual rate," and insert in
lieu thereof, the words " three fourths," in the clause
providing " that the compensation of the semi-moijthly
service already performed between Panama, and California,
and Oregon, and for such service for the coming year, shall
not exceed the usual rate at which additional mail service
may be ordered under existing laws, and shall be paid out
of any unexpended balance of money heretofore appropria-
,te(| for mail steam service."
No. 5. Strike out from the provision on the same subject
the following:
" Provided, further, That in time of peace, or while war
,not -threatened, the steamers employed in carrying the
TTiiited States mail between New York and Liverpool shall
be placed under the exclusive control of, and officered by
the contractors, E. IC. Collins and his associates: Pro-
vided, The same shall be done with the consent of the con-
tractors."
No. 6. Strike out the following :
" And provided, further, That the Postmaster General in
the transportation of the United States mails to California
and Oregon, shall be required to select the route by which
the same can be transported in the shortest time, and on the
•most economical terms; and that no new contract shall bo
made under the authority hereby conferred for a longer term
than lour years; and if hereafter, during the existence of
any such contract, the Postmaster General shall become
satisfied that the mail can be transported in shorter time,
and on more favorable terms, he may annul such contract,
paying to the contractor or contractors such amount of in-
demnity as shall have been first approved and authorized
by Congress: Provided, further, That before making any
such contract he shall give at least sixty days notice by ad-
vertisement in the usual way in such cases: Provided,
further, That this provision shall not be construed to inter-
fere with any existing contract"—
And insert the following:
" Provided, That whenever a better route between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans is established, the Secretary of
the Navy and the Postmaster General are authorized to
agree with the present contractors for the Pacific line to
change the terminus of the additional semi-monthly ser-
vices' heTebv authorized, so as to secure the advantage oi"
increased dispatch and economy; and in case the reduction
of compensation forthe change .of service be not agreed o 
between the parties, the same shall be referred to Congress.
And the Postmaster General is also authorized to make cor-
responding arrangements with the present contractors for
