1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.799
and sixty acres, at the rate of one hundred dollars; in lieu 11
of a warrant for eighty acres fifty dollars; in lieu of a war- 11
rant for forty acres, twenty-five dollars; and which said i
Treasury certificate shall be receivable in payment for any j
of tiie public lands of the United States, subject to purchase
at private entry, and upon which there is no settlement or j
improvement; and in cues where warrants have already | i
been issued, the Treasury certificate herein provided for may '
be issued in each case, upon the return and surrender of the 1
warrant."
That, sir, will at least give the soldier some as-
surance of the value of his warrant. It seems to
me, that it will place before the country the real
question. It will settle the question whether this
measure is intended to be for the benefit of land
speculators, or for the benefit of the soldier. If
you intend a real benefit to the soldier, do not
longer leave him at the mercy of every land-shark
in the country. If you refuse to give him the
money instead of the land, do not put it upon the
principle that it is a bounty to the soldier; put it
on the ground that it is to be the policy of the
Government that the lands are to be given away
for speculation. Take that ground, and Jake it
manfully. Do not have the hypocrisy to pretend
that you are benefiting the old soldier, when you
leave him at the mercy of every land-shark in the
country.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from Wis-
consin, in the course of his remarks, asked me a
question to which courtesy would perhaps require
me to respond. I have that courtesy and respect
toward him, but I beg leave to decline upon the
present occasion to reply, from the consideration
that if I were to enter into an answer it would lead
to a protracted argument. I should have to explain
the position I assumed the other day. 1 therefore
respectfully decline to enter into a reply. In re-
gard to the amendment, let me say that, if we are
to do anything, we must pass the resolution as it
came from the House. I hope we shall pass the
resolution as it came from the House, and not in-
troduce such a system as is now proposed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am aware of the state
of business, and how very precious time is, but I
believe the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin is a good amendment, and I believe
that, if the bill is to be passed, this amendment
ought to be incorporated in it, and for this reason:
that same proviso which it is proposed to intro-
duce here was introduced into the Mexican land
warrants, giving one hundred dollars instead of
one hundred and sixty acres; which, at one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre, would amount to
two hundred dollars, if the soldier chose it. This
prevented the warrants from declining as low as
the amount the soldier could receive from the Gov-
ernment. I now undertake to predict that unless
there is some such provision as this inserted, the
soldiers will find this law to operate most preju-
dicially to their interest; for the speculators of
New York and other cities, who now have their
agents employed in running about the country atjd
buying up these warrants from the widows and
soldiers, will obtain the forty-acre warrants in less
than three months for ten to fifteen dollars, or only
fifty dollars for one hundred and sixty acres of ]
land. By a combined movement, when they wish ]
to obtain warrants, they will lower their prices to
seventy, sixty, or even fifty dollars for a quarter
section. By an act of this sort the soldier must •
be inevitably swindled.
The yeas and nays were taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Walker, and resulted as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Gwin,
Kin;, Smith, and Walker—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bright, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay,
Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Day-
ton, Ewing, Foote, Greene, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones, Mason,
Miller, Morton, Norris, Fearee, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Sturgeon, Tumey, Underwood, Upham,
and Wales—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question was then token upon engrossing
the amendments and ordering the resolution to be
read a third time, which resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Cooper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Douglas, Downs, Foote,
Greene, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Norris, Pearce, Kantoul,Rusk. Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and Upham—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Chase, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewine; Felcb,Gwin,
Jones,King, Smith, Wales, and Walker—13-
So the resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing.
COMPENSATION OF SENATORS.
Mr. PEARCE, in pursuance of notice, asked
; and obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend an j
act entitled " An act allowing compensation to the j
members of the Senate, members of the House
of Representatives, and to the Delegates of the ;
Territories, and repealing all other laws on that
subject;" which was read and passed to a second
. reading.
The bill is as follows:
Be it enacted, $'c., That, from and after the passage of
this act, no member of the Senate shall be entitled to re-
ceive compensation for ins attendance at the Senate, in the
recess of Congress, during such meeting of the Senate as
may be called on the fourth day of March, 1853, and on
the fourth day of March in every fourth year thereafter, i
other than the eight dollars per diem lor attendance, now |
allowed by law: Provided, That this act shall not apply ]
to a Senator, not a member of either House of Congress at
the expiration of the Congress preceding Buch called ses- j
sion of the Senate. .
THE PUBLIC PRINTERS.
1 A message was received from the House of '
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. PaesibEHT: The House of Representatives have 1
, passed a joint resolution for the relief of William M. Belt, j
and his assignee, Thomas Ritchie, and for other purposes, j
in which they request the concurrence of the Senate. j
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed bill 463, making appropriations for the support of the
Army lor the year ending June 30, 1852, in which they ask
the concurrence of the Senate. j
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
| The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
: Whole, to the consideration of House bill No. 461,
i making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
| expenses of the Government for the year ending
30th of June, 1852, and for other purposes.
Mr. HUNTER, in behalf of the Committee on
Finance, reported various amendments. The first
1 amendment was to strike out the proviso on the
\ first page, as follows:
" Provided, That the mileage of Senators, Representa-
I tives, and Delegates shall hereafter be computed on the
usual route, as reported by the Post Office Department, by
> which the mails are transported from the Capitol to the resi-
dence of such Senator, Representative, or Delegate : Jlnd
provided, further, That no such member of either branch of
Congress, residing east of the Rocky Mountains, shall re-
ceive more than one thousand dollars mileage for each ses-
sion ; and no such Member or Delegate residing west of the
Rocky Mountains, shall receive more than two thousand
dollars mileage for each session; nor shall any member of
the Senate receive mileage for any session of that body
1 which may be called within thirty days after the adjourn-
I ment ofboth Houses of Congress, unless the travel for which
I such mileage is charged has actually been performed."
| The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER moved the following amend-
; ment, to reduce the item to the estimate. The
House had raised it two hundred dollars. In page
17, line 12, strike out the word " six," and insert
the word "four," so that it will read:
"For compensation ofthe Chief of the Bureau of Navy-
yards and Docks, and of the civil engineer, draughtsmen,
clerks, and messenger in his office, twelve thousand four
hundred dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER moved to strike out the follow-
ing words, commencing after the word "dollars,"
in the 13th line:
"The chief clerk being restored to the aalary he received
as chief clerk to the lateNavy Board."
By this amendment the committee proposed to
reduce the item to the estimates. The House had
made an addition of $200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose to strike out, in
line 17, of page 19, the word " next," and insert
" 1851. " It is a mere verbal amendment, which
is necessary to prevent the time being extended
two years, instead of one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER also moved to insert after line
6, page 21:
" For compensation of the Commissioner of Brazilian
Claims, $3,000.
" For compensation of the clerk of said commissioner,
$2,000.
" And the President of the United States shall be and he is
hereby authorized to make such provision for the contin-
gent expenses of the commission as he may deem proper."
Mr. HUNTER. It has been found necessary
to extend the time which that board is to exist,
and these salaries are' therefore necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER proposed, in page 30, line 15,
to strike out the word "nine, and insert the
word "ten," so that it will read:
" For salaries of governor, [of Oregon,] three Judges,
and secretary, $10,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER moved to strike out the follow-
ing item:
" For purchasing a site and commencing the erection of
a suitable building in the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
for custom-house, post office, court-rooms, and other offices
of the United States, the sum of ®75,000 : Provided, That
the said building shall be exempted from city taxes and all
other taxes whatever by the act of the Legislature of Penn -
sylvania: Jlnd provided, further, That the plan of the
building shall be such that the whole cost, both of site and
building, shall in no event exceed the appropriation herein
made."
Mr. COOPER. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. Such buildings are greatly needed.
By an act of the last Congress Pittsburg was
made a port of entry, and a custom-house is al-
most absolutely necessary at that point. A large
amount of duties is annually received there, and
will be received there hereafter, as I have the proof
before me to show. The amount of duties which
were payable during the last year under the pres-
ent law, notwithstanding the duties which were
paid at New Orleans, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and elsewhere, would amount to the
sum of $130,000, and the amount will annually in-
crease. I hope, therefore, when we consider that
the trade is increasing, and that appropriations have
been made to cities of no greater commercial im-
portance, that this appropriation will not be with-
held from that city. I do not desire to occupy the
time of the Senate in any extended remarks, but,
without saying anything further, having indicated
the reasons why I am opposed to the amendment,
I submit it to the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER moved to strike out the follow-
ing item:
" For purchasing a site and Commencing the erection of
a suitable building in the city of Louisville, Kentucky, for
custom-house, post office, court-rooms, and other offices of
the United States, the sum of $75,000 : Provided, That the
said building shall be exempted from city taxes and all
other taxes whatsoever, by the act of the Legislature of
Kentucky: And provided, further. That the plan ofthe
building shall be such that the whole cost, both of the site
and building, shall in no event exceed the appropriation
herein made."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise merely to state
that the preceding section makes an appropriation
for St. Louis. We had this matter under discus-
sion during the last session of Congress, and it
was then said that Pittsburg, Cincinnati, and
Louisville did not stand precisely upon the same
footing with St. Louis, because there had been a
report made with regard to the appropriation for
St. Louis, and none with regard to these three cit-
ies. And now, while the House of Representa-
tives have evidenced a design to put these three cities
upon the same footing with St. Louis, the Senate
are called upon to makea distinction;and for what
reason ? Have we not the same use for a building
of this sort at Louisville as there is for one at St.
Louis? Look at our tonnage, and you will find,
that it approaches very nearly that of St. Louis.
Look at the receipts, and you will find that they
are greater than those atanj other interior custom-
house. Perhaps the receipts at St. Louis may
exceed those at Louisville a few hundred dollars;
but, according to my recollection, the receipts at
Louisville greatly exceed those at Cincinnati and
Pittsburg, and come very near those at St. Louis.
Look at the statistics which are furnished with re-
gard to the commerce and navigation there, and
you will find that at-Louisville it exceeds any in-
terior navigation, with the exception of St. Louis,
and it comes within a fraction of that. The only
reason why the appropriation was refused for
Louisville was that there was no report made with
regard to that place, but that there was a report
made respecting St. Louis. I voted against stri-
king out the appropriation for Pittsburg, and I
shall vote against striking out this. I do not see
why St. Louis is to be favored, and these other
cities are to be excluded, while there is the same
propriety for an appropriation in the one case as
in the other.
Mr. HUNTER. The principle on which the
Committee on Finance proceeded was to strike out
