800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28.
the appropriations for new works. We did not
inte k! to m.ike any invidious distinction between
the cities. But according to the argument of the
Senator from Kentucky, if we should by mistake
hippen to make an appropriation for one city, we
ouiriit to make a similar appropriation forall. We
thought this matter of making appropriations for
Cities for custom-houses was carried quite too far,
ani we therefore struck out the appropriations for
the new custom-houses.
Mr. CHASE. I desire that this amendment
shall not prevail, and L wish to say a word in
favor of the appropriation as it stands, by way of
returning good for the evil which the Senator from
Kentucky showed me last year. We have an
appropriation in this bill of $250,000 for continu-
ing the construction of a custom-house at New
Orleans. We have another of §100,000 for con-
tinuing the construction of a custom-house at
Charleston, South Carolina. I wish to state that,
according to a memorandum which I have in my
hand, the custom-house at New Orleans has al-
ready cost $523,365 41; and that at Charleston
has cost j>136,000. Thus we propose to bring up
the cost of the custom-house at New Orleans to
nearly $800,000, and of that at Charleston to near-
ly a quarter of a million. The pittance asked for
at Louisville and Cincinnati is only $150,000 for
the two cities. It has been said that these are not
ports of entry, but they are very important places,
and I have no doubt that it is a matter of economy
to buy buildings or construct edifices for these
purposes; and, as the expenditure i§ limited to the
appropriation made in the bill, I shall vote for the
appropriation as a matter of economy as well as
justice.
Mr. PEARCE. The bill appropriates about
$730,000 for the continuance of custom-houses,
the erection of which has already been authorized
by law. The committee surely could not refuse
to make appropriations for buildings that had been
already commenced, but it seemed to them that,
while making such large expenditures for some
half dozen large works that required completion,
it was impolitic, if not dangerous to the Treasury,
to embark in new undertakings. If the approprir
ations asked for at Louisville and Pittsburg snail
be granted, we may rest assured we shall have
petitions from other cities for the same objects, j
and finally it will come to be the practice of Con- |
gress to grant appropriations without inquiry for 1
every work of the kind. I think we were rash in
providing for the erection of so many custom-
nouses in the first place, but we cannot now avail
ourselves of the objections to them. We must
complete the works commenced, or the money J
which has been already expended will be thrown 1
away.
While, therefore, it is too late to reconsider |
what was done at the last session, we are just in
time to stop the wasteful legislation in which it
is now proposed to embark. The condition of
the Treasury is not such as to encourage us to '•
make these large appropriations. We know, at ,
all events, that large as the revenue has been in
the early part of the year, it is now declining; and |
it seems to me that we shall endanger the ability i
of the Treasury to meet the demands upon it unless
we put our hands upon every appropriation which
is not absolutely necessary, or which is not re-
quired by law, and so in some degree diminish the
expenditures. j
The amendment was adopted, and the item was ;
stricken out. :
Mr. HUNTER. I propose in page thirty to j
strike out lines sixteen and seventeen: ;
" For salary of tile Superintendent of Indian Affairs, I
$1,000."
That item is unnecessary, on account of the act ,
lately passed reorganizing the Indian Department ;
taking away that function from the Governor and !
providing for it elsewhere. I
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER proposed, in page thirty-two, ;
after line nine, to insert:
u For surveying the public lands, in addition to the unex-
pended balance of former appropriations, to wit: For sur-
veying the public lands, including incidental expenses, to
be apportioned to the several districts according to the exi-
gencies of the public service, the part to be applied to the
surveys requiicd by the location and survey of private
claims in Florida, to be disbursed at augmented rates,
$115,000: Provided, That no land bounty for military ser-
vices granted by the act of 28th September, 1850, entitled j
An act granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers |
; who have been engaged in the military service of the Uni-
ted States,' or by virtue of anv act of Congress heretofore
p issed, granting land bounties for military services, shall
b.' satisfied out of any public land not heretofore brought
into market, and now subject to entry at private sale under
, existing laws."
j Mr. HUNTER. That is according to an esti-
| mate, and is to restore an item which was stricken
| out in the House of Representatives. The esti-
mate is $115,000 for the survey of these lands, and
the proviso is to restrict the land warrants to lands
already surveyed.
Mr. W ALKER. As it was stricken out in the
House of Representatives, I hope it will not be
inserted by the Senate. I believe the House has
entered upon a system of reducing the expenses of
the Government, and I trust the^ will meet with
the cooperation of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose, in page thirty-five,
line sixteen, to strike out " one thousand" and
insert " two hundred and fifty;" so that it will
read:
" For the purchase of books for the library of the Execu-
tive Mansion, $250."
One thousand dollars were appropriated last
year, and it was supposed by the Committee on
Finance that two hundred and fifty dollars would
be enough for the present year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose, in line thirty-nine,
to strike out the following:
"For refunding to Charles P. Montgomery the duties paid
on a bell, presented to him at Genoa for the new church
adjoining the literary institution of St. Joseph's, Perry
county, Ohio, $90 60."
This was a private bill, but somehow it has
crept into this bill. Equal and even-handed jus-
tice to all requires that it should be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed to offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of the
bill:
" For an officer hereby authorized to be appointed in the
State Department, to be called an Assistant Secretary of
State, who shall perforin such duties as shall be assigned to
him by the Secretary of State, at a salary of $3,000 per an-
num : for four principal clerks, whom the Secretary ofState
is hereby authorized to appoint, at a salary not to exceed
{$2,000 per annum; and for one clerk, wfiom the Secretary
is authorized to appoint, at a salary not to exceed $1,400
; per annum, $9,400."
I leave it to the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to state the reasons for this
amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. This proposition has been rec-
ommended for several years. At the present ses-
! sion of Congress the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions have had it under grave and deliberate con-
sideration; and the correspondence which has
taken place with the Department of State evinces
the fact that the present Secretary of State is as
j well satisfied as his predecessors have been of the
expediency of this arrangement. From the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations a bill has emanated
which received its unanimous sanction. It is
based upon a report of the former Secretaries of
j State, Mr. Clayton and Mr. Buchanan, both of
i whom review the whole subject in all its bearings,
! and recommend, in the warmest manner, that this
change in the State Department, this amplification
of its means of performing the duties allotted to
it by the Constitution, should take place. There
is a most elaborate report now in the possession
of the Secretary from Mr. Buchanan, on the sub-
ject of the State Department, in which he com-
pares our system with that of Great Britain.
The report is so clear and satisfactory that, on its
1 being read to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
j tions, there was no hesitation on the part of any
| of its members to approve the appropriation which
: has been recommended. If it is desired, Mr.
i Buchanan's report can be read; but I trust, in or-
j der to avoid the consumption of time, it will not
! be required, and that the vote will be taken upon
| the amendment without further discussion. I
I should, however, consider it my duty to have the
j letters of Mr. Buchanan and his successors in of-
fice read, if I thought there was any ground to
! fear that this amendment would not be adopted,
for the satisfaction of members who may not have
examined the subject. But I think there is no se-
rious doubt in the mind of any Senator with regard
to the importance of adopting such an amendment.
I can assure the Senate that it has been the sub-
ject of the most grave and deliberate consideration
on the part of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
! tions, and that it is to my mind most evident that
no member of the Senate who, after giving it the
examination which that committee has given to it,
would hesitate at all in coming to the conclusion
to which we arrived by the compulsion of irre-
sistible argument.
Mr. TURNEY. Passing by the propriety of
bringing this proposition up in connection with
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, instead
of having distinct legislation to increase the num-
ber of officers of the Government and fixing then-
salaries, I cannot perceive the necessity of this
amendment. I say that, passing by all these con-
siderations, I am astonished at this proposition to
enlarge the officers of the Government when we
are confined to two or three days at the close of
the session, and when we are told we must not ex-
amine nor discuss the proposition, because we
have no time. A short time since we created a
new Cabinet officer, and we created an Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury; and now it is proposed
to increase the State Department by giving an as-
sistant and several clerks. I have not a word to
say against the increase of clerical service where
it is needed, but I cannot perceive that there can
beany necessity for an Assistant Secretary of State.
If there is, I doubt not that every Cabinet officer
may require the same aid and assistance which is
required by this Department. It has not been
demonstrated that there is a largeramount of labor
thrown upon this Department than any other.
On the contrary 1 take it that it is perhaps less.
And yet we are asked now to create an Assistant
Secretary of State, and that too upon the appro-
priation bill, when the session is about to close,
and we have not time to examine or discuss it. It
{ does not strike me as expedient to hold this bill
I open to such amendments to enlarge the offices
and fix their salaries, and then require us to vote
upon them without explanation. I do not perceive
that there is any greater necessity for this officer
than there has been before. If it is expedient and
proper, why did not the President in his annual
message recommend it and set forth the reasons,
so that it might be considered when there was
time to examine the proposition, and have it re-
ferred to a committee and reported to us ? If we
are required to vote on these questions, important
as they are, increasing the number of Cabinet offi-
cers in this hurried manner, without deliberation,
without examination, without facts, in the absence
of everything necessary for our proper action, I
know of no way to keep ourselves right but by
calling for the yeas and nays, and I therefore call
for them upon this amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. I am quite surprised at some of
the remarks which have just fallen from the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. He says we propose now,
without consideration, without deliberation,.and
without scrutiny, to have this amendment sanc-
tioned, in the face of the positive statement made
by me that it has been tne subject of grave con-
sideration and the most labored scrutiny by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, who came unan-
imously to the conclusion that this arrangement is
expedient for the proper transaction of the busi-
ness of the State Department.
But again: does not the honorable Senator know
the fact that the former Secretary of State (Mr.
Buchanan) made a most elaborate report on this
subject after a full examination, and recommended
the adoption of just such a provision as that now
under consideration? Did he act hastily, indis-
creetly, injudiciously? Did he recommend any
appropriation which a good Democrat, however
mindful of the state of the finances, could net
sanction ? Such language is a serious assault upon
the public character of the late distinguished Sec-
retary of State. Sir, this matter has not only
been considered by the Cammittee on Foreign
Relations, but also by the Committee of Finance.
Some days ago I had a conference with the chair-
man of that committee, and upon full considera-
tion given to it by the committee of which he is a
member, this proposition has been brought for-
ward. I undertake to say that no proposition has
been brought here more marked with deliberation
and scrutiny than this which the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee has assailed in so unkind a
manner. I trust I am as frugal with the public
money as he is. But the Government must be
: sustained by all proper appropriations, and money
[j must be had, whether Whigs or Democrats are
