804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
very excellent officer, but owing to sickness at the
present time he is compelled to employ additional
clerics. It seemed to the committee to be entirely
proper not to compel him to pay these clerks from
Jus oun salary.
Mr. WHlTCOMB. Looking to the decision
of the Chair not long since, I would inquire
whether this amendment is in order? Here is a
new office created. I would not care about raising
this point of order, were it not that I take issue
with the Senator from Maryland as to the wor-
thiness of this Commissioner. If I am not mis-
in urmed, he is one of the last officers towards
whom I would exercise liberality. I think he
has got along very well as the matter now stands.
If I am correctly informed, he discharged a very
worthy officer without cause, and contrary to
what was understood to be his express pledge.
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate for this came
from the Secretary of the Interior.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair supposed so,
or he would not have entertained the question.
The question was then taken, and it was found
that there was no quorum voting.
Mr. ATCHISON. I now move that the Senate
take a recess till six o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now under
consideration.
Air. HUNTER. I think we shall get on faster
■without taking a recess.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think we shall do better
to have a recess; the flag will still fly, and it will
be a mere recess, and not an adjournment; it will
be such a recess as has heretofore been taken by
the Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON. For one, I have always
opposed a recess, and shall now. I hope no recess
will be taken. Let us sit here as long as practi-
cable, and attend to business, and then adjourn.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator perse-
vere in his motion ?
Mr. ATCHISON. I do, sir.
Mr. HALE. I hope we shall not have a recess, i
for I think a recess leads to an excess, and I hope ,
we shall not have either. i
The motion did not prevail. j
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER then presented the following
amendment, in pursuance of an estimate from the
Treasury Department; which was agreed to:
" For a cast-iron fence, similar to that recently put up
around the War and Navy Departments, from the corner of
the Department of State to the President's gate, $3,800, or
■o much thereof as may be necessary for this object, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior."
Mr. HUNTER then offered the following amend-
ment, in conformity with an estimate of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury:
For salaries of examiners of drags, for the fiscal year
""ending30th June, 1852, at Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Charleston, and New Orleans, per act26th June,
1 48, and 3d March, 1849, $7,000."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to offer
the following amendment, to be added to that
amendment:
" Provided, That «aid examiners of drugs shall be ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and then the amendment as amended was
adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment,
Which is made necessary by the reorganization of
the Indian Department. The bill was approved
yesterday, and the estimate has been sent in to-
day:
" For the payment of salarieB of clerks in the office of In-
dian Affairs, authorized by the act of 27th February, 18/51,
for the remainder of the present fiscal year, and for the
year ending 30th June, 1852, ,$10,000."
"For the pay of the Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
authorized by the act of 27th February, 1831, for the year
ending 30th June, 1852, $4,500.
" For the pay of five Indian agents and their interpret-
ers, for New Mexico and Utah, authorized by the act of
27th February, 1851, for the remainder of the present fiscal
year, and for the year ending 30th June, 1852, $13,666 66."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment,
which is offered in pursuance of an estimate from
tne Treasury Department, in connection with
which it is stated that many of the rooms occu-
pied by the Department are rendered untenable in
consequence of the bad condition of the chimneys:
" For raiting the chimneys of tha southeast Executive
building, and repairing the steps to the western portico
thereof, to be expended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, >';UK)0."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment,
in pursuance of an estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in relation to the coast survey of the
western coast. The amendment proposed is, to
strike out from the fifth line on the twenty-eighth
page, the word "fifty," and insert "one hun-
dred," so that it will read:
" For continuing the survey of the western coast of the
United States, by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
$100,000. 
The original estimate was §150,000 ; the House
reduced that down to $50,000. The Secretary of
the Treasury has sent down another estimate foran
■ appropriation of $100,000. He says he could carry
on the work profitably for that amount, and the
Committee on Finance, concurring in that esti-
mate, recommend that the words "$50,000" be
struck out, and " $100,000" inserted in their
stead.
The amendment was agreed to. 1
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment,
in pursuance of an estimate of the Treasury De-
partment:
^ " For continuing the construction of a marine hospital at
Evansville, Indiana, $15,000 : Provided, That the building
is to be completed for the sunwiow appropriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment,
in pursuance of an estimate by the Secretary of
I the Department of the Interior. It is for the erec-
tion of the engine house which was burnt on Cap-
itolHill, in which the Government is deeply in-
, terested, as it serves to protect the public buildings
in case of fire:
5 " For rebuilding the engine house of the Columbia Fire
Company, on Capitol Hill, $2,500."
! The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment, in
pursuance of an estimate of the Secretary of the
Interior:
" For compensation to certain deputies for arduous and
difficult surveys executed by them, under the appropria-
tions made by "Congress since the 3d of March, 1841."
" For the surveys of detached lines, and those made since
the 3d of March, 1845."
" For the correction of erroneous lines, being the differ-
ence between the price paid said deputies, and that author-
ized by law, to wit:
" For surveys of detached lines, $1,299 52."
"For correction of erroneous and defective lines,
$394 95."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have another amendment,
which I am directed by the Committee on Finance
to report, and which is according to an estimate:
" For the payment of the money to those entitled under
the 15th article of the treaty between the United States and
Mexico, concluded February 2, 1848, according to the pro-
visions of the sixth section of an act entitled c An act to
carry into effect certain stipulations of the treaty between
the United States of America and the Republic of Mexico
of the 2d of February, 1848,' the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to sell the stock to be tssued under
the said sixth section, and to issue it under the same re-
strictions, limitations, and provisions as are contained in
the second section of an act entitled ' An act authorizing
the issue of Treasury notes and a loan,' approved July 22,
1846: Provided, however, That the stock so issued shall
not bear a rate of interest greater than five per cent, per j
annum, and that it shall be redeemable iu ten years from !
its date." j
Mr. HUNTER. I have a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on this subject which I de-
sire to have read.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance .
did not go so far as to authorize the issue of five
millions of dollars in Treasury notes, as suggested
by the Secretary of the Treasury, but we thought
proper upon a reference to the law in relation to
the settlement of these claims under the awards of
the commissioners, to give the Secretary authority
to sell the stock which the sixth section of that act
allowed him to issue. The sixth section of that
act is as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That said commissioners
shall report to the Secretary of State a list of all the several
awards made by them ; a certified copy thereof shall be by i
him transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall I
distribute rateable proportions among the persons in whose '
favor the awards shall have been made, the amount stipu-
lated in the fifteenth article of said treaty, (being three and
a half millions of dollars,) according to the proportions
which their respective awards shall bear to the said three
and a half millions of dollars, first deducting such sums of
money as may be due the United States from said persona
In whose favor said awards shall he made; and the said
I Secretary shall thereupon cause certificates of stock of the
Umtud States to be issued to the said parties, respectively,
or their legal representatives, for the amount to which they
may be entitled, which stock shall bear, an interest of six
per cent, per annum until paid, and redeemable at any time
at the pleasure of the United States, or pay the same in
money, at the option of the United States."
Now, if it should happen that this amount
should become due, and there should not be money
enough in the Treasury of the United States to
pay it, the Secretary would be authorized to sell
the six per cent, stock. The object i3 to issue
Treasury notes, and raise the money to pay the
claims.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer an amendment:
" For reimbursement of Jonathan Elliot, United States
Consul at San Domingo city, for expenditure in maintaining
refugees during the late civil war, $600."
This has been recommended by the State De-
partment. The circumstances are these: In 1849,
during the civil war which prevailed in St. Do-
mingo, a part of the island and the city of San
Domingo were besieged by Santa Anna, and our
consulate was resorted to by some three hundred
women and children, who, fearing the sack of the
city, sought protection under our flag. They were
kept there twenty-three days by the consul, Mr.
Elliot, at his own expense. Provisions were
scarce and high, but he supposed that, without
disregarding the character of his country, he could
1 not refuse to pay attention to the condition of
these individuals. Inasmuch as his compensation
is small, it is thought proper that this sum should
be refunded to him.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment, as
follows:
" For continuing the preparation and publication of tha
works of the Exploring Expedition, including engraving and
printing charts and pay of the scientific corps and horticul-
tuiist. $25,000."
This appropriation is made on the recommend-
ation of the Committee on the Library, who are
charged by law with this work. I can only say
that the committee have made contracts for engrav-
ing and printing these charts, and this sum is
necessary to fulfill the contract.
The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment, to
' come in at page 36, after line 9:
i " For improving that part of reservation 17, lying between
New Jersey avenue and Second street east, and north of
Virginia avenue, $2,500."
This appropriation is necessary, because this
portion has been used for the purpose of getting
gravel to fill up lots and streets. The consequence
is that a considerable pool has been formed there
with stagnant water, which makes that locality
unhealthy. The appropriation is in conformity
with the recommendation of the Department of
the Interior.
Mr. WALKER. If I remember right, some
Senator has said it was well enough to make an
appropriation to remove the earth twice. I wish
to understand whether this is the first or second
time it has been removed. I understand it has
been removed once, and that now it is proposed
! to replace it.
' Mr. PEARCE. It is not proposed to bring
back the earth. It is an elevated piece of ground,
and it is proposed to grade and level it. If im-
provements made by Government tend to produce
pestilence in the city, they ought at all events to
remove the cause.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have one more amendment,
to come in at page sixteen of the bill, to follow the
item which is in these words:
"For rent of house on the northwest corner of F and
Seventeenth streets, and warming all the rooms in it,
$21,875."
" And the Secretary or Secretaries of the Department or
Departments, to whose accommodation the same may be
necessary, are hereby authorized to lease the said building
for the term of live years at a rate not exceeding $19,500
per annum."
That amendment contemplates a reduction in
the price which we are now paying, and allowa
it to be rented for five years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
"•Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, in lieu of the compensation now allowed
by law for his services, there shall be paid hereafter to each
