806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
the principle of national law in time of war. The
decision of the court was, that it was an individual
trespass of Colonel Mitchell, ami of course it must
have been in violation of his duty as an officer,and
if in violation of his duty as an officer, the ques-
tion is presented whether the Government shall be
responsible for the illegal acts of its agent. I
maintain that the decision of the court in the city
of New York is conclusive until it is changed; that
the Government is not responsible; but that the
facts show that the trespass was committed not in
their character as officers, but in violation of their
duty as officers.
That is the principle which I assume. If the
court is right in its decision, the Government is
not responsible, for it decided that they had no
right to take possession of the goods under the cir-
cumstances, and if they did, it was in violation of
their duty as officers, and the trespass was com-
mitted by them as individuals. Then conies up
another great point, which induced me to believe,
and I now believe, that there was some combina-
tion or confederacy by which this judgment was
obtained against Colonel Mitchell, because the
amount recovered was equal to the original value
of the goods, yet they were all sold; and I have
not seen the first article of testimony to show that
the goods sold had depreciated in price from any
act of Colonel Mitchell or Colonel Doniphan.
How this judgment was obtained has been a mys-
tery. I delayed reporting upon the case because
we thought there was something wrong; but we all
knew this, that there was no testimony to involve
Colonel Mitchell. We believe that he acted hon-
estly and fairly, and we believe that neither Colonel
Mitchell nor the Government of the United States
ought to be responsible. But the court decided
differently: that it was an individual responsibility,
and not responsibility on the part of the Govern-
ment. If that be so, I ask now, why we will pay
this large amount over to Mr. Harmony? It is
said now that no appeal will be entered, and no
writ of error taken. An appeal has been entered;
I have a letter now from Mr. Hall, the present
district attorney, to that effect. But it is said an
appeal or writ of error may not suspend the ex-
ecution against Colonel Mitchell. My own opinion
is, that if the Government pledges itself for the
payment of the $95,000, this investigation will be
at an end, for there is something wrong in this
transaction; not that I impute any blame to Colo-
nel Doniphan or Colonel Mitchell; but there is an
error somewhere. My desire is to enforce the
legal principle; and if we see proper hereafter to
interpose, let it be when the case comes up, and
let the defence co on now between Harmony and
Mitchell, and let Mitchell look to his own, and let
the Government of the United States aid him if
they see proper. I have had all the testimony be-
fore me; I have had the record, and I cannot as-
certain how this immense verdict was found, and
nobody else can; but, like the chairman of the
committee, my feelings are all in favor of Colonel
Mitchell. I told him that he had better battle this
thing and keep the execution from being pressed
upon him, and try to have it reveiwed, either upon
an appeal or a writ of error. But throw the Gov-
ernment in, and this man Harmony, who, in vio-
lation of his duties as an American citizen, was
trading with the enemy and supplying them with
munitions of war, will receive more than the full
value of his goods. My mind has decided but
one plan by which it is to be reached: for Congress
to refuse to interfere. Let the individual respon-
sibility of Colonel Mitchell remain; let the pro-
ceeding go on against him; and, as the Senator
from Ohio says, let the Government aid him in his
defence.
The question involved in this case is, whether,
for arresting a man in this way, and not damaging
him a single dollar, a case of trespass can be com-
menced in New York against a citizen of Mis-
souri, residing in St. Louis, accidentally found
there, and the case going on almost ex parte, for
testimony could not be obtained from Chihuahua?
It was hurried through the State court of New
York, and through the United States circuit court,
all in a few months, and a judgment obtained.
Here was a petition at the last session of Con-
gress, before the judgment was obtained, to relieve
Colonel Mitchell from that responsibility, and
brought here by Harmony almost before the ac-
tion was completed. All these things raised sug-
gestions in my mind; but I agree with the Senator
! from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] that there is not a
particle of testimony to involve the honor, honesty,
or fidelity of Colonel Mitchell. My feelings are
decidedly with him. But I believe, if we inter-
pose and make this appropriation, it will be to
Harmony, who has never been injured a dollar.
Mr. FOOTE. I would like to ask a question.
The Senator from Georgia just now suggested that
there was a combination in the court 
Mr. DAWSON. I said that the facts led me
to believe that there must have been a combina-
tion; otherwise the decision would not have been
as it was.
Mr. FOOTE. Does it involve Colonel Mitchell ?
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all. I have always
kept Colonel Mitchell out of the question. He
was not there to defend. The decision went upon
the ground that Harmony was not acting in vio-
lation of the law of nations or the laws of war;
and if the officers interfered, it was in violation of
their duty, and an illegal act upon their part. That
brings the question back to this, Is the Govern-
ment of the United States responsible for the ille-
gal acts of its agents? If the court were right,
Congress is not bound upon principles of law to
pay. If they were wrong, then this judgment
ought never to have been recovered. So, take it
either way, in my judgment Congress ought not,
now at least, to interfere.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think it my duty to
make a statement to the Senate. I think that my
friend, who has just made a speech, labors under
some mistake in regard to facts. If he does not,
the Committee of Claims have been most egre-
giously imposed upon by the testimony submitted
to them. I think justice to Mr. Harmony requires
that there should be some explanation.
Some two years ago that individual petitioned
Congress to make indemnity for his losses grow-
ing out of the Mexican war. The House of
Representatives, I believe, passed a bill for his
relief. The case was submitted to the Committee
of Claims of the Senate. They investigated it
thoroughly, and came to the conclusion that this
man ought to be paid this large amount of money,
i and accordingly reported in his favor. It so hap-
pened that Congress did not act upon our report
during the session at which it was made. After
that we understood he had resorted to his civil !
remedy. He came again, either directly or indi- i
rectly, before the committee, and we, having un- I
derstood that a civil suit had been brought, post- 1
poned action until we should see its result. I have
always said that, until the suit did result pro or
con, and was finally determined, 1 was opposed to
reinvestigating it. That is the reason the Com-
mittee of Claims did not act upon it since.
Now as to the facts, as they were presented !
and proved to the Commitee of Claims. It was
shown by the testimony, if my recollection does
not greatly deceive me, that Mr. Harmony was
upon the Rio Grande with his team and merchan-
dise; that Colonel Doniphan, for military purposes,
took possession forcibly of the whole, against the
will of Harmony, who protested and begged that
he might be let alone, and be allowed to manage
his private affairs in his own way; that after they
were taken possession of, they were all marched
into the interior of Mexico, and when Colonel
Doniphan was compelled to leave Chihuahua in
great haste, he took possession of the mules and
property of Mr. Harmony, which were necessary
to aid him in his transportation of the military
stores and ammunition, and left Harmony with-
out the means of removing a particle of his goods;
that Harmony abandoned them, informing Colonel
Doniphan that he would look to the Government,
and went with him. This is my outline of the
facts, proved before that committee by various
witnesses; and I think Colonel Doniphan himself
gave a certificate of them.
Mr. DAWSON, (in his seat.) Colonel Mitchell
states directly the reverse, that they did not take
a single mule or dollar's worth of goods.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That just proves this:
that in the examination of these individual claims,
where ex parte testimony is heard in the commit-
tee, we ought to have a board to settle private
claims against the Government, where evidence
could be heard on both sides. I can only say that
I have given here my recollection of the testimony
before the committee. I do not know whether the
other members of that committee concur in that
i recollection. It has been some two years since 1
the report favorable to the claim was made, but I
think I cannot be mistaken as to the general out-
line of the matter.
I recollect agr at many more circumstances, but
deem it unnecessary to detail them. It is sug-
gested by a gentleman near me that the wagons
were made barricades in the march, and the teams
were seized for the purpose of transportation, and
that his teamsters and others in his employ were
put under military control on the march. How-
ever, the question now is, what is to be done with
the present amendment? If the case has been ap-
pealed from the decision of the circuit court of the
United States to the Supreme Court, I should act
now as I have heretofore acted, upon the principle
that I would like to see the judiciary wash their
hands of it before we interpose. I think that is
the best mode. If it is still pending, that would
be sufficient reason with me for postponing the
appropriation until the Supreme Court has settled
the matter. I have made one rule in regard to all
appropriations of this kind. It is the principle of
the thing that is involved that I go for; and if this
man's property was taken for military purposes
—although it is a large amount—as he was march-
ing into Mexico; if his property was properly
seized, as I think it was, his mules and wagons
taken, and then his property abandoned while at
Chihuahua, for fear that the Mexicans would treat
him badly, I think there cannot be any objection
to give him relief. I recollect this, in addition: he
had a passport, and stated to Colonel Doniphan at
the time, " with my passport, if you will let me
alone, and the fact that I am a Spaniard, I will
make my own way through Mexico and trade
there."
Mr. CASS. Did the Senator say it was prop-
erly or improperly taken ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think it was properly
taken for military purposes, and upon that ground
1 reported favorably. Here is another fact: Har-
mony was ignorant of the existence of war until
Colonel Doniphan communicated the information
to him. That which is stated by the Senator from
Georgia, that the goods were sold and all the mou-
sy went into Harmony's possession, I never heard
of before. If that fact had been before the commit-
tee, it would have ended the case at once. There
must be some mistake about that.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand the Senator from
Georgia to say that no real pecuniary injury was
incurred; that Harmony got all his property back.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There was no evidence
of that fact before the Committee of Claims, and
I say if that had been made out there was not a
shadow of right in the claim. But that is the
very fact at issue. According to the proof before
us, the property was all lost at Chihuahua. I say
that if the gentleman from Georgia is correctly
informed, that the courts still have the case in
their possession, I think that prudence requires
us to leave it alone until they have washed their
hands of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Kentucky makes an argument very much like that
which seems to have sustained the decision of the
court in New York. It is one, however, which,
as I am informed, is not sustained by facts, so far
as I have been able to learn in the investigation of
this subject. The objection which Harmony had
to be arrested by Doniphan was, that he would be
thus put in the ranks of the enemies of Mexico.
He believed that Doniphan would be whipped,
and that his goods, being found under the protec-
tion of an enemy, would be seized and destroyed.
He preferred, therefore, to go to Mexico as a
friend rather than under the protection of one who
was not able to protect him.
Mr. CASS. If it was during the war what right
had he to go ?
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. Harmony claims
that he did not know there was war. Whether
he did or not, does not affect the case. Colonel
Doniphan found this trader with goods which he
believed would fall into the hands of the enemy.
This officer, engaged in the military service of the
United States, arrested this trader, in order that
the goods should not pass to the benefit of the
enemy. He took him under his protection. The
trader was bound to Chihuahua, and thither Colo-
nel Doniphan was moving, and under his protec-
tion there the trader went. When he arrived at
Chihuahua, the great disposition of his goods
which has been spoken of, I understand, was
