80S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think the facts of the i
case, when derailed to the Senate at this late period :
of the session, will he a £reat deal better than an
argument. I will shorten them as much as possi-
ble. I will not commence with Harmony at Inde-
pendence, in Missouri, where he commenced his
march to Chihuahua. I will not follow him all the
Way until he got to the Rio Grande, but just take
him at the Rio Grande. I have a letter before me,
dated February 10, 1347, addressed to Mr. Har-
mony by Colonel Mitchell, which I will read:
Camp below El Pa*o, Febmary 10, 1847.
Gentlemen: The colonel commanding ordeis me to re-
pair with a detachment of troops to the camp now occupied
by the traders, and compel (if necessary} Messrs. Harmony
fc Poras. together with their waaons, trains, men. he., to
fall immediately m the rear of the army and move in that
position.
AH American citizens in your employment as drivers will
be enrolled among the companies about to be organized and
Used in time of action ; you are, therefore, ordered to move
down immediately and occupy such ground in the vicinity
of the camp as in ay be selected by the colonel commanding.
D. D. MITCHELL,
Lieutenant Cohnel commanding, 4*c.
Messrs. Harmony & Poras, Traders.
I have the statement of Colonel Mitchell, then,
that by the order of Colonel Doniphan he took
possession of the wagons of Harmony on the ]0th
of February, 1847, and that they were subject to
the orders of the colonel commanding until the ar- i
rival in Chihuahua.
I will not detain the Senate by reading- what
took place along; the road. But I have here a
statement which proves that Mr. Harmony did
not arrive in Chihuahua until some days after the
wagons got there; that he sold about $7,000 worth
of goods to the settlers there; that when he got to
Chihuahua he abandoned possession of the prop-
erty under a protest, and informed Colonel Doni-
phan that he would transfer it over to the consul
at that place subject to his order; that he would
have nothing to do with it, because it was impos-
sible, from the breaking down of the mules upon
the road, that he could control it. When Colonel
Doniphan was about to leave that place he in-
formed Mr. Harmony of his intention to do so;
Mr. Harmony requested him to protect him in the
Eossession of his property and remove it. Colonel
loniphan could not do it, and it was abandoned.
These are the facts as they appeared before the
Committee of Claims. If you can show me that
he sold his goods in Chihuahua, it settles the case
at once.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will detain the Senate
but a few moments; and I would not do so at this
late hour at all were it not that I had occasion at
one time to look into this claim. It is the same
which the Senate may recollect came before us
about two years ago, and which a distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, now no more, pro- i
nounced to be one involving principles of the most
objectionable character.
But the point to which I rise is this: The claim '
specified in the amendment is a private claim—the
claim of an individual, and I raise a question of
order.
The motion is to amend the civil and diplomatic
■bill by providing for the payment of this private i
claim. I maintain that the rule which the Senate
adopted at this session excludes it. It seems to be
taken for granted that if the head of a Department
makes an estimate for a private claim, it is then in
order as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
Such is neither the spirit nor the language of the
rule. The rule adopted by the Senate provides
that—
" No amendment proposing an additional appropriation
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or in pursuance of an estimate from the
head of some of the Departments; and no amendment shall
be received whose object is to provide for a private claim,
although the same may have been previously sanctioned by
the Senate."
I call the attention of the presiding officer to the
rule, because it will be seen by an examination of
it that this motion is plainly out of order. It will
be perceived it is not in order, although the head
of a Department shall make an estimate, to ingraft
a private claim on an appropriation bill. If we
can do this, it is only for the claimant to go to the
head of one of the Departments and get an esti-
mate of the amount of his claim, and then he can
evade the rule by having an amendment thus
made in order. If we would derive any benefit ,
i from the rule, we must give that construction |
t which its language and spirit demand.
! There is another objection An action is still ■
pending against Colonel Mitchell for this claim. It
is yet in litigation. It is within the power of the
courts, as the Senator from Georgia informs us,
and an appeal is to be made to the Supreme Court
of the United States. Why, then, shall we vio-
late all precedents, and violate our own rules, in
hot haste to annex to the appropriation bill this
private, unliquidated, doubtful claim? If we do
this while this claim is in litigation be'ore the
courts, will it not be an intimation to cease the de-
fence? I would rather instruct the officers of the
Government to defend it to the last. The whole
amount of goods is embraced in the judgment.
We want to look at it. We want to know why
it is that judgment was rendered in the court for
more than the whole amount of the losses, when
evidence has been produced that Mr. Harmony
had been paid a considerable part of them. So
far as Harmony was concerned, I believe the
claim had no merit whatever, except for a very
trifling amount; and if we now make a provision
in the appropriation bill for its payment, we may
be assured that the money will be paid over. If
there is any necessity for instructing the proper
officers of the Government to make the defence,
I that can be done. I prefer doing so to paying
now. I now raise the point of order.
| The PRESIDENT. The presiding officer was
hot in the chair when this amendment was offered,
and does not know what course has been pursued,
or whether any question was made with regard to
the propriety of receiving it before the discussion
had commenced, or to the present time. On look-
ing at the papers, the Chair finds that the first let-
ter from the Treasury Department is an answer to
a letter addressed to the Solicitor of the Treasury,
asking him to have an estimate made on the
amount of the claim. His answer is that an esti-
mate is made; and in another letter, in answer to
a letter to the Comptroller, from the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, the Secretary of the
Treasury says that the estimates submitted yes-
terday of $97,000, to satisfy the demand of Col.
Mitchell, will not be sufficient, and therefore he
submits an alteration to $98,000.
The amendment, as offered, is to pay when the
Attorney General shall be of the opinion that the
judgment is final. The Chair, on some previous
occasion, wjien this rule was under consideration,
and a question of order was made, left it for the
Senate to decide. The papers in that case and
the estimate were submitted to the Senate, to de-
cide whether papers of that description were such
as to justify the amount of appropriation being
made. To-day he decided that there was no such
1 estimate on looking at the papers presented by the
I Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote;] that they
did not cover such an estimate as the Senate con-
I templated when framing the rule. On this occa-
sion, the Chair being called on to decide, is obliged
to say that, looking to the nature of the claim, the
suit being still pending in 
I Mr. EWING. I wish to correct the Chair.
I The suit is not pending. There is a mistake about
' the appeal. No writ of error is taken, but it will
be taken if it is ascertained that there is aiT error.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment expressly
states, when the Attorney General is of the opin-
ion that the judgment is final. The Chair has
stated the precise condition in which it stands.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Chair allow me, be-
fore a decision is made, to make a suggestion? I
have been looking into the account of this trial;
and in the charge given by the presiding judge of
the circuit court, I find it stated there, that upon the
i verdict being rendered, exceptions were taken by
| the counsel for the defence. I presume from what
I I have seen of other papers, that these exceptions
, are now under consideration of the officers of the
Government, with a view of determining the pro-
priety of prosecuting a writ of error.
Mr. EWING. That is the fact.
I Mr. BERRIEN. The writ of error has not
been sued out, nor has final judgmentbeen assigned.
As I apprehend, it is still a question for the law
officers of the Government. But what I wanted
to suggest to the Chair was with relation to the
second branch of that rule. The question whether
this is a proper claim or not, depends upon the
ultimate decision of this suit, and cannot beascer-
. tained till that decision is made. If it shall be de-
termined that the United States ought to indemnify
these individuals for the act for winch they would
be rendered responsible in the court below, then it
partakes of the character of a public and not a
private claim. If these officers air entitled to in-
demnity for an act done in their official character,
and the United States are bound to pay them, then,
m my judgment, it is not a private claim.
The PRL&IDKN T. The debate on this ques-
tion is not in order. The Chair has listened to the
honorable Senator. Looking at the rule, how-
ever, and the papers before me, and to the fact
that the amendment itself contemplates a final
judgment, the Chair has come to the conclusion
that there is no such estimate as will justify the
presentation of the amendment. If the Chair is
wrong in that decision, he will be very glad to have
the Senate decide the question for themselves.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to make an explana-
tion. When that amendment was presented, I
happened, upon the invitation of the President, to
be occupying the Chair. But it occured to me
that it came so much within the spirit of the rule1
which provides that an estimate made by the
Treasury Department should be admissible as an
amendment to an appropriation bill, and when no
exception was taken, I thought it might properly
be received.
And again: It was presented by a member of
the Finance Committee, [Mr. Evvixg,] and I beg
leave to state—which I presume I may properly
do—that it was presented when the honorable
chairman of that committee, who exercises so high
a degree of vigilance, and I may say even of te-
nacity, upon all these questions of amendments to
appropriation bills, sat in his seat and took no ex-
ception to the amendment. The individual then
temporarily occupying the chair thought himself,
under these circumstances, perfectly at liberty to
receive the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not intend
to throw any imputation upon the Senator who
occupied ihe chair.
Mr. BELL. Not at all; but the individual oc-
cupying the chair thought there was high evidence
that the amendment was in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would prob-
ably have done the same thing. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate, whether it is for-
bidden by the rule to submit such an amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. I really thought the Chair had
decided the question, and I am satisfied with that
decision.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would prefer,
as he has a right to do, to withdraw his decision,
and leave it to the Senate, as he has no desire to-
put too rigid a construction upon the rule. The
question will therefore be, whether the amendment
shall be received.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to say that I shall vote
for the reception of this amendment, and shall do
it upon the ground that I cannot regard it as com-
ing within the rule which proscribes amendments
in relation to private claims. I do not regard this
as a private claim. If the United States has taken
the property of citizens wrongfully, then the United
States must pay for it. It was the duty of the
United States to provide for the settlement of this
claim at as early a day as possible, but not having
done that, it is now our duty to do it, and therefore
I shall vote for the reception of the amendment.
Mr. EWING. The Chair is mistaken in sup-
posing that the suit is still pending. Allow me to
explain it. It is not a fact that the final judgment
has not been signed. It has been. A bill of ex-
ceptions may or may not have been signed. That
is what was meant by those tplegraphic dispatches
which the Senator from Georgia read. It was an
application to the judges to sign a bill of excep-
tions. The lawyer# were making it out and
making arrangements to have it signed. That,
however, does not keep open the case. An appeal
does not lie from the Circuit to the Supreme Court
of the United States, but in cases at law a writ of
error. And no writ of error has been sued out.
The law officers of the Government are now ex-
amining the question whether they shall or shall
not sue out a writ of error. If they find an error
in the record they will sue it out; if not, they will
not do it. There is a final judgment at present,
technically final against this party, Colonel Mitch-
ell. But still it is among the possibilities of things
