1851*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
(alt* up the bill, I more to lay that motion on the |
tab!?.
Mr. BADGER called Tor the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and, being taken, were aa
VtVH—Mmn. Artwce, Borland, Bndbory, Butler,
(totr, I'lwwn, Dana of Mt« ts«*ppi, Damon, Duniu,
Fmo, Uwin, Hal*. lulu, HuMor, King, Mmn, Momm,
X *tw, Rh*u, Rusk, Snale, Turn*1), and Vule*—i3.
XAVS-Mensn. Bt%i, IsUwn, Bell, Bright, Cue,
(W, ll«, foefw, Davis of NiMKliaaMa, Dayton,
twtu*«**o, IWnLjfr i* of Iowa, Itayglaa,
fniaj, I'Ach, ilrerw, Jaw*, Milter, Pearee, Piatt,Ran-
Hrbasliui. Saw lb, Vud«rwood, Wale*,
WiUpf, and WtulroAb—30.
Mr. BRADBURY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance [Mr. Hrjrrta] has informed us
that if this bill is taken up to-day it will endanger
the of the appropriation bills. This bill
ean be taken up on Monday, because if it should
pass it will not hare to be returned to the House.
It is necessary, however, that the other appropria-
tion bills should go to the House. If, then, this
motion is persisted in, and the bill is taken up,
and by so doing it defeats the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, those who do it will be respon-
sible lor that defeat.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly; eTery mvn willhave
his own responsibility to bear.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am sorry to bare to be so
urgent upon the Senate; but really, unless we can
ft" through with the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation biii to-day, I cannot foretell the result.
There must of necessity be a committee of conf er-
ence upon that bill, and it ought to be passed in
time to enable that committee to act upon it to-
morrow. It is a bill which I am afraid will give
rise to much dispute between the two Houses, and
it does seem to mf to be very important that we
should act upon it at once. I hope, then, the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Bjdcer] will
not persist in his motion until this bill be passed. '
Mr. BADGER. I am obliged to insist upon
my motion. As to the propriety of passing the
civil and diplomatic bill, if we had remained here
last night but two hours later, the bill would hare
been passed, and there would have been an end to
it. We adjourned yesterday before seven o'clock.
Mr. FOOTE. There is no good reason why
we should not finish the bill to-day. We all know
that there is a considerable number of the mem-
ber* of this body who will not stay here and keep
tip a quorum, and we may expect that to-day, and
during every day of the session. It is a source of
great regret to me, and haa been since I have been
• member of this body. But it is so, and we
mast accommodate ourselves to the circumstances
of tlie occasion. If the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill is not taken tip this morning, in
my opinion it may be safely prophesied that it
will be defeated; and I think the responsibility is .
greatly too serious for any one gentleman, or any
set of gentlemen, to assume to themselves. At
any rate, as has been well said by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Bbadickt,] some of us will be re-
lieved from the responsibility of defeating that bill
after we have done all we can to hare it taken up
as soon aa possible.
Mr. BADGER. Aa to the remark in regard to
the subject of responsibility, every member must
take the responsibility of those measures which
lie advocates, and those motions which he makes;
and I will willingly take my share of responsi-
bility.
Mr. DICKINSON. I voted against laying this
notion upon the table; but I wish now to say that
a considerable portion of the time of the Senate is
obviously spent in a straggle between particular
measures. Now, I think the best way to dispose
of business is to dispose of that which we nave
on hand. Let us take up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. We nearly finished it yester-
day. I know, from my experience upon the Com-
mittee on Finance, it is very important, on account
of the likelihood of struggles between the two
Houses, that we should mature the bill as soon as
possible. It is not a mere matter of course that
the general appropriation bills must go through
both Houses. A great many questions arise, and
probably may embarrass the bill. I hops the ap-
propriation bill will be taken up, and then I am
ready for this or any other measure. *
Mr. WALKER. I shall vote on this occasion
as though this were a test vote. If this bill is not
taken up now, it is very evident that it cannot be
acted upon at all this session.
Mr. FOOTE. I must say that if unnecessary '
time ia consumed in the discussion of this ques-
tion, it is not the fault of those who oppose the
measure, but the fault of those who introom-e these
irregular propositions. I feel bound to s\y that,
in taking the course which I am now taking, I do
not wish to be understood as exhibiting hostility
to all the parts of this bill. There are features iif
it that I warmly approve, as I do anything that is
of a national character; but, so far as it is other-
wise than strictly national in its character—so far
as it indicates anything like a compact upon the
subject of internal improvements, I am wholly op-
posed to it, and 1 shall deem it my duty at the
proper time to present my objections and do what
t can to defeat the bill, which, in my opinion, will
not only consign this country to ruin, out will in-
volve it in the deepest disgrace.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is not yet under
consideration.
Mr. BORLAND. Since the remarks of the
Senator from Mississippi I shall change the vote
which I proposed to give on this motion, because
I find the opposition to it seems to come from the
enemies of the bill, whereas I am in favor of it,
although it has some objectionable features. I do
not wish to be misunderstood on the vote I shall
give. Although I was originally opposed to ta-
king up the bin this morning, because! thought it
might be attended to hereafter, yet as I find that
the enemies of the bill seem anxious to prevent its
consideration at this time I shall vote to take it up.
Mr. JONES. There is no doubt that every
member of the Senate is anxious for, and will do
everything in his power, to pass the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill. If they are anxious to
do that, tney will pass the river and harbor bill
without discussion, or vote it down. I am in
favor of taking it up and voting upon it now.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish simply to make one re-
mark to avoid misunderstanding.
Mr. EWING. I rise to a point of order; and
that is, that the Senator from Mississippi has
spoken four times on this motion already. [Laugh-
ter .*
\lr. FOOTE. That is true; but 1 hope the Sen-
ator win withdraw his point of order, as I wish
simply to makea personal explanation. [Laughter.]
Mr. EWING. I will not press it, of course.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Borlavd] intended to allude to me as one of
the enemies of this bill, he has done me great in-
justice; for I had distinctly said that there were
features in this bill which 1 warmly approve, but
that the bill in its present shape was a bill of enor-
mities, and one that I could not support. I pre-
dict that the honorable Senator from Arkansas
himself will never vote for it in its present shape
and form.
Mr. BORLAND. I would vote for it in its
present form if I was unable to get it in any other
shape.
Mr. FOOTE. I have now explained myself—
and I hope to be understood here and by the coun-
try—that I am not, as unjustly charged by the
Senator from Arkansas, opposed to this bill in
Ms, but I am anxious to vote for such parts of it
as are national in their character—such as I ean
sanction without a violation of the radical princi-
ples of the creed of the Democratic party of the
conntry.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say one or two words
only. I hope the friends of the bill—the real
friends of uie bill—will insist upon immediate
action.
Mr. BELL. There will be no other chance at
this session.
Mr. CLAY. It is now or never for the bill. I£
we should take up the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, we would soon have the Navy bill up,
then the Army bill, and this bill will not be taken
up. Sir, there is time enough for all, if we would
act more and talk less.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote to take up this 1
bill at this time, for the reason that I desire to
have an opportunity to state for what part of the
bill I am in favor, and what part I am against, 1
with a view of trying to put it in such a shape that
we can pass it. That will be my reason for voting
to take it ap.
Mr. ATCHISON. I shall vote against taking
tip this bill; for I do not believe it is possible to
put it in any shape in which I shall vote for it.
Mr. HALE. I voted to lay the motion to take
this bill up on the table. Bat if taking it up is to
have the effect of defeating the Army ana Navy bill,
I would votp to take it up; for I should like to de-
feat these bills, until they are cut down at least
fifty per cent.
The question being taken by yeas and nays upon
the motion to take up the bill, it was agreed to, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin,Bell, Bnrtnnd, Blight,
Cass, Chase, Clay, Coo|*r, Davit of Massachusetts, Uny-
ton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodga of Iowa,
Douglas, Ewing, Filch, Greene, Jones, Miller, Phelps,
Pratt, Ranlnul, Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Underwood,
Upham, Wales, Walker, and Whirenmb—■ {.
NAYS— Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Butler, Clarke,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Druvson, Downs, Foots,
Gum, Hale, ilamliu,Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Mor-
ion, Mom*, Pearce, Rhett, Rusk,Soulij, Sturgeon, Turiny,
and Yulee—35.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the river and harbor bill, which gave rise to a
long debate, which will bs found in the Appen-
dix.
From four o'clock to six the Senate took a re-
EVENING SESSION.
On reassembling at six o'clock-
Mr. DICKINSON asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of War to
procure the right of Edmund Maynard to improve
the fire-arms of the United States; which was read
and passed to a second reading, and ordered to ba
printed.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, ordered that
William Vance and brothers have leave to with-
draw their petition and papers.
KOSSUTH AND COMPANIONS IN EXILE.
Mr. FOOTE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution, and asked its considera-
tion at this time;
Retolvci, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate (if not incompatible with the public in-
terest) any correspondence which has taken place between
the Department of Stale and the Minister of the United
States at Constanunopie, respecting the release of Kosuita
and his companions.
Objection was made, and therefore the resolu-
tion lies over.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate calling for copies of the orders by which Brevet
Colonel Plympton was assigned to duty according
to his brevet rank, with the correspondence in re-
lation thereto; which was read and ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury relative to the experiments now being made
with a view to test the use and economy of the
calcium light, stating that some delay had been
occasioned in consequence of the indisposition of
the inventor, Professor Grant, and that therefore
but a partial report is made, indicating the proba-
ble success of the invention; which was read and
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Smith-
sonian Institution, communicating the annual re-
port of the Board of Regents of said Institution;
which was read and ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE that it be printed,
and that 2,000 extra copies thereof be printed, the
motion was referred to the Committee on Printing.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th June,
1852, was read a first and second time by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
RELIEF OF THE CONGRESSIONAL PRINTERS.
The joint resolution for the relief of William M.
Belt, and his assignee, Thomas Ritchie, and for
other purposes, was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
"•le PRESIDENT. If there is no objection
the joint resolution will have a second reading,
with a view to reference.
Mr. EWING. I object.
Mr. BADGER. Does the Senator object to the
second reading for reference?
Mr. EWING. If it is merely for reference, I
will withdraw my objection.
