1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
and I submit to the Senate whether they will com-
mit a breach of the Sabbath day ?
Mr. DICKINSON. Take up the bill, and then
adjourn, it will be scandalous to sit on the Sab-
bath in time of peace.
The question was then taken by yea« and nays,
and were—yeas 35, nays 17.
So the bill was again taken up.
Mr. UN DERWOOD. I wish to inquire whether,
if we adjourn now, this bill will be the first busi-
ness in order on Monday morning?
The PRESIDENT. It will be the first special
order, being the unfinished business.
Mr. CASS. I wish to inquire if it is now in
order to move that when the Senate adjourns it
adjourn to meet at ten o'clock on Monday morn-
ing?
The PRESIDENT. That motion can only be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. CASS. Then I ask the unanimous consent
to make that motion.
Mr. MASON. I object.
Mr. CASS. It is the Sabbath. I move that
the Senate adjourn; and on that motion I call for
the yeas and yeas.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas29, nays 25.
So the motion was agreed to, and—
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, ■March 3, 1851.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
TWENTY-SIXTH RULE.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I move to take
from the table the resolution offered by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] to sus-
pend the 26th rule, for the purpose of giving us
an opportunity to pass the bills from the House.
Mr. EWING. I object.
The PRESIDENT. It is for the Senate to de-
cide that question.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I did not understand that the Sen-
ator from North Carolina offered any resolution,
but merely handed in a resolution by way of no-
tice that he would offer it to-day at the present
session of the Senate. The honorable Senator
from North Carolina did not submit any resolution
to tne Senate. No resolution was read to the
Senate; a resolution was merely laid upon the
table, and it is not competent for the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Bright] to call it up, as I humbly
conceive.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will decide the
question of order. The question of order made
by the Senator is, that because the resolution was
laid upon the table it was not offered, and there-
fore the motion cannot be made to take it up.
Under the rules, it is necessary that a resolution
should be laid upon the table for one day before it
can be taken up for consideration. It is perfectly in
order for any one to move to take it up when it
has lain upon the table one day.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I am in favor of
the resolution; I am in favor of the object to which
it refers; but I must insist upon disposing of the
unfinished business. I move to lay the motion on
the table, unless the honorable gentleman will with-
draw it for the present.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator from Kentucky
will withdraw his motion only for a moment, I
will state the reasons why I call the resolution up.
Mr. CLAY. I know the reasons.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator insists, I do not
care about speaking. I ask the Chair to state the
motion again, that Senators may understand it.
Th'e PRESIDENT. The Senator from Indiana
moves to proceed to the consideration of the res-
olution offered by the Senator from North Caro-
lina, and the Senator from Kentucky moves to lay
that motion on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT asked for the reading of the res-
olution; and it was accordingly read, as follows:
Retolvei, That so much of the 26th rale of the Senate as
requires every bill to receive three readings, eacb reading on
* different day, except by unanimous consent, be suspended
during the present session.
Mr. FOOTE called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland. Chase,
Clarke, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Ewing, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller,
Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
Turney, Underwood, Uphani, Wales, and Walker—28.
i NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Daw-
son, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Gwin, Hunter,
King, Mason, Morton, Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Sebastian, and
Souk—18.
So the motion to consider the resolution was laid
upon the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing to the Senate that the House concur in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. 351)
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and to provide for the coinage of a
three cent piece, with amendments in which the
concurrence of the Senate is requested; and that
they have passed a resolution to suspend the 16th
joint rule, so far as relates to a bill (H. R. 474)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30,1852; in which resolution
they request the concurrence of the Senate.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. CLAY made a motion to dispense with all
prior business for the purpose of proceeding im-
mediately to the consideration of the river and
harbor bill.
This proposition was discussed by Messrs.
CLAY, HUNTER, ATCHISON, FOOTE,
HALE, PEARCE, and RUSK, and agreed to,
on a vote by yeas and nays of 30 in the affirma-
tive and 25 in the negative.
[This preliminary discussion, and the full debate
and proceedings on the bill, will be found in the
Appendix.]
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk:
Mr. Presideht: The House of Representatives concur
with the Senate in the adoption of the joint resolution in re-
lation to the accounts of John de Neufville & Son.
The proceedings were continued on the river
and harbor bill; pending which,
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had disagreed to some
and agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
House bill No. 438, making appropriations for
the serv,jce of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1852.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had adopted a resolution
suspending the 16th joint rule of the two Houses,
so as to authorize the sending to the Senate of
House bill No. 463, to authorize a regiment of
infantry to be converted into an additional regi-
ment of mounted men.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, so as to ask a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. j
The PRESIDENT. It requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate, as there is another subject
before the Senate.
Objection being made, the bill was not taken up.
After further proceedings on the river and har- ,
bor bill— !
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed Senate bills No. 251 and No. 483—an act
to limit the liability of ship-owners, and for other
purposes, and an act to amend an act allowing ]
compensation to members of the Senate and mem- ;
bers of the House of Representatives; and also
that they had adopted a resolution so as to author-
ize the 'transmission to the Senate of House bill
No. 297, making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &«., and providing for the erec-
tion and establishment of the same. j
The action on the river and harbor bill proceed-
ed, and several amendments having been discussed
and disposed of—
Mr. FOOTE said: It is nearly half-past three
o'clock. We are human beings; we must eat; we
must refresh ourselves. I move that the Senate
take a recess until five o'clock.
Mr. DICKINSON. Some of us dine at five j
o'clock. Say six o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. I hope we will take no recess.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive ;
the proposition while this bill is pending.
Mr. HALE. Such a motion was received a
few days ago.
Mr. FOOTE. I will move to suspend the fur-
ther consideration of this bill for that purpose.
Mr. CLAY. If there is no other amendment,
I hope the bill will now be reported to the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it not in order to submit a
motion for a recess at any time? Such has been
the practice of the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. Not when a subject is be-
fore the body.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until six o'clock
this evening.
Mr. W ALKER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 do not think my constituents
will blame me for eating my dinner.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to inquire of thp
Chair whether, if we take a recess, this same sub-
ject will come up as a matter of course when we
reassemble?
Mr. BELL. You will never reach it again.
The PRESIDENT. A recess being taken by
consent of the Senate, it will come up again; but,
if the motion to postpone be agreed to, it will re-
quire a motion to take up the bill.
j The question being taken by yeas and nays on
| the motion to postpone, it resulted as follows:
[ YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Butler,
I Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote,
, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton,
Norris, Rhett, Rusk, Soulo, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
■ Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Ewing, Felch, Greene, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Whelps,
Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spru-
ance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, and Walker—32.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that it is not in order to move for a recess
at any time ?
The PRESIDENT. When a subject is under
debate, no motion can be made but to adjourn, to
lie on the table, to postpone, to recommit, or to
I amend.
| Mr. BUTLER. I regard a recess as a tempo-
rary adjournment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
11th rule. It is:
" When a question is under debate no motion shall b«
received but to adjourn, to lie on the table, to postpone in-
definitely, to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
i amend ; which several motions shall have precedence in the
order they stand arranged, and the motion for adjournment
shall always be in order, and be decided without debate."
I Mr. BUTLER. If a motion can be made to
[ postpone to a day certain, there is much more rea-
son why a motion may be made to postpone to an
hour certain.
! The PRESIDENT. That has been tried.
[ Mr. BUTLER. I speak of a recess as a mat-
ter of necessity. Every legislative body must take
some recess for the purpose of restoring the animal
system of its members. It is a thing incident to
i every parliamentary body. Believing that we
have the power to take a recess at any time, I ap-
i peal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
that the motion to take a recess could not be made,
according to the rule, while this bill was under
consideration. From that decision the Senator
from South Carolina appeals. The question is,
! Shall the decision of the Chair be sustained ?
Mr. MANGUM. For twenty years the decis-
; ion of the Chair has been the uniform practice of
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. A motion to adjourn is always
in order; and a recess is but a temporary adjourn-
ment.
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to a question which I
consider one of privilege. There is a mistake in
the vote taken on the last amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury.] A gentleman
iRecorded as having voted who did not vote.
Several Senators. It is too late to question the
call now.
Mr. BERRIEN. My colleague suggests to the
Chair, and through the Chair to the Senate, that
there is an error in the record of our proceedings.
The answer is, that it is too late to correct it. I
inquire of what use is the reading of the Journal
