816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
«ach morning, if it be not for the purpose of as-
certaining whether these proceedings are correctly
recorded ? If it be in our power to correct the
Journal on the day succeeding that when an error
its committed, it surely must be in our power to do
so on the same day. I maintain, therefore, not
knowing the fact which my colleague states, that,
if it be true that an individual's name is recorded
who did not in point of fact vote, it becomes us,
in the fulfillment of our duty to record the truth
and nothing but the truth, to correct that error in
the Journal.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Senator from Geor-
f!a [\Ir. Dawson] is under a misapprehension,
f he refers to the vote just taken by yeas and nays,
I was not in the Hall, and did not vote; but if he
refers to the previous .pall, he is mistaken; I did
vote.
Mr. CLAY. This is a waste of time.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed Senate joint reso-
lution changing the mode of appointing the clerks
of the treasurers of the mintsof the TJnited States;
and had adopted a resolution suspending the 16th
joint rule, so as to authorize the transmission to
the Senate of House resolution No. 38, relating to
the distribution of certain books heretofore ordered
to be published.
After further action on the river and harbor
bill-
Mr. DICKINSON said: I hope that by unani-
mous consent a recess will be taken until six 1
o'clock. I believe it will advance business.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. CLAY. I object. ■
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator can object
after I get through. I believe we shall be better i
qualified to attend to business, and better fitted to |
endure a long sitting, by taking a recess than by !
continuing without one.
Mr. FOOTE. To accomplish the object of my
friend from New York, I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until six o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, were as follow: j
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright, ||
Butler, Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Downs, Foote, Hamlin, Hou-ton, Hunter, Kin?, Mason,
Morton, Norris, Rhett, Soule, Sturgeon, Turney,and Yulee
—03.
N \YS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Chase,
Clarke, Clav, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson,
Dodge of VWeonsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch, Greene,
Jones, M.iruuin, Miller, Pearce, Phelpi, Pratt, Rantoul,
Seward, Shield*, Smith, Spruatice, Underwood, Upliam,
Wales, and Walker—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Pending further proceedings on the river and
harbor bill, messages were received from the House
of Representatives announcing that the House had
passed the act changing the time of holding the
district court in the State of Ohio; and that the
House had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution relating to widows'
pensions. Also, that the House had passed Sen-
ate bill to divide the State of Arkansas into two
judicial districts; and a bill to authorize the pay-
ment of interest on advances made by the State of
Maine for the use of the United States Govern-
ment in the defence of the northeastern frontier.
Also, a message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that the Speaker had
signed an enrolled bill to ascertain and settle pri-
vate land claims in the State of California; an act
to amend an act allowing compensation to mem-
bers of the Senate and House of Representatives;
an act to limit the liabilities of ship-owners, and
for other purposes; a joint resolution for the relief
of Louis Kossuth anil his associates, exiles from
Hungary; joint resolution in relation to the ac-
counts of John De Neufville & Sons; and a joint
resolution in relation to widows' pensions; all of
which were presented to the Senate for the signa-
ture of its President. They were respectively
signed by the President, and the Senate concurred
with the House in suspending the 17th joint rule
that they might be sent to the President. Q
The proceedings continued on the river and
harbor lull.
Mr. DOWNS was addressing the Senate against
the lull, when
Mr. BRADBURY said: If the Senator from
Louisiana will give way, I have a motion to sub-
mit, to which I wish to call the attention of Sena-
j tors on the other side. It is that this bill shall be
j laid on the table temporarily, for the purpose of
' action upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation
, bill, with the understanding that this bill shall be
taken up immediately upon the passage of that
bill. Several Senators opposed to the passage of
this bill have agreed with me that this bill shall be
taken up when that bill passes. I now move that
this bill may be laid on the table temporarily, not
as a test vote.
Mr. YULEE. I understand that the motion is
to lay the bill on the table for a limited time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Butler, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pearce,
Soulf, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—-20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Belf, Borland, Bnght,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Ewing, Felch,
Greene, Jones. Mangum, Miller, Phelps, Pratt, Kantoul,
Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Uphain,
Wales, Walker, arid Whitcomb—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to suspend action for a moment upon
this bill, in order to take up the bill to reduce the
rates of postage and concur in the amendments
made by the House of Representatives.
1 Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. With the unanimous consent of
the Senate, I propose that certain bills from the
House of Representatives be taken up and passed.
They will admit of no discussion.
Mr. MANGUM. I would inquire what is the
question now before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. It is the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Louisiana to the river
and harbor bill, which proposes an appropriation
to deepen the mouths of the Mississippi river.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that the House had
passed Senate bill to authorize the Secretary of
War to allow the payment of interest to the State
of Georgia upon advances made by her for the
use of the United States in the suppression of hos-
tilities of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee In-
dians, in the years 1836, 1837, and 1838.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the unani-
mous consent was given to the suspensio'n of the
17th joint rule, so as to allow the bill making ap-
propriations for navy pensions for the year ending
June 30, 1852, and the bill for the support of the
Military Academy to be sent to the President of the
United States.
Mr. DOWNS concluded his remarks; after
which—
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed the Senate bill to establish a military asy-
lum, and an act to amend an act regulating the
appraisement of imported merchandise, and for
other purposes.
A message was also received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the House had
passed a bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th June, 1852, and
that the House had agreed to suspend the 16th
joint rule to allow its transmission to the Senate.
In the suspension of the rule the Senate con-
curred.
Pending further proceedings on the harbor bill,
Mr. HUNTER said: I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to suspend the 17th joint rule,
for the Durpose of sending to the President the fol-
lowing uills:
An act to divide the district of Arkansas into
two judicial districts;
An act to authorize the Secretary of War to
allow payment of interest to the State of Georgia
for advances made for the use of the United States
in the suppression of the hostilities of the Creek,
Seminole, and Cherokee Indians, in 1836, 1837,
and 1838;
An act authorizing the payment of interest on
advances made by the State of Maine for the use
of the United States Government in the protection
of the northeast frontier;
An act to amend an act changing the term of
holding the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Ohio;
An act to change the term of holding the cireuit
courts for the eastern and western districts of
Pennsylvania; and
A resolution changing the mode of appointing
the clerks of the treasurers of the mints of the
United States.
Unanimous consent being given, the rule was
suspended.
After further proceedings on the river and har-
bor bill,
Mr. FOOTE said: I rise for the purpose of
making a motion, preliminary to which I shall
make a last appeal to honorable Senators. All
must be perfectly satisfied now that this bill can-
not pass. If other gentlemen do not know it I
. do, and have told them so before. Various amend-
ments are yet to be offered in this quarter of the
Senate. I have declined myself offering any fur-
ther amendments; but several honornble Senators
have matured amendments the adoption of which
they believe to be indispensable to the perfection
of this bill. They aver to me that they cannot
conscientiously vote for the bill unless it be amend-
ed in the manner in which they propose; and I
can assure the Senate that these gentlemen conceive
it necessary that they should occupy some time in
explanation of their amendments. Under such
circumstances, it being most obvious that this bill
cannot pass, and it being equally obvious that if
the appropriation bills bedefeated it will throw us
into the utmost confusion; and with a view of
getting at the appropriation bills and passing them,
and having treaties ratified and nominations acted
upon, I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CLAY asked for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker of the House had signed
the following enrolled bills:
An act to divide the district of Arkansas into
two judicial districts;
•An act to authorize the Secretary of War to
allow the payment of interest to the State of Geor-
gia for advances made for the use of the United
Slates in the suppression of the hostilities of the
Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Indians in 1836,
1837, anJ 1838;
An act authorizing the payment of interest on
advances made by the State of Maine for the use
of the United States Government in the protection
of the northeast frontier;
An act to amend an act changing the time of
holding the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Ohio;
An act to change the time of holding the circuit
courts for the eastern and western districts of
Pennsylvania; and
A resolution changing the mode of appointing
the clerks of the treasurers of the mints of the
United States.
The President of the Senate signed the abov®
enrolled bills.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up the Post Office
appropriation bill, in relation to which the House
have disagreed to our amendments. I wish to
have it taken up that I may move to insist on the
amendments, and ask a committee of conference,
so that they may be at work on the bill while this
debate is going on.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
the bill will be taken up.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up.
The House of Representatives had agreed to the
fourth amendment of the Senate with an amend-
ment.
On motion hv Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
agreed to this amendment to their amendment,
and insisted on those amendments to which '\e
House had disagreed, and asked a conference.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was ordered
that thecommittee of conference on the part of the
Senate lie appointed by the Chair.
Messrs. Hunter, Ri sk, and Pearce were ap-
pointed the committee on the part ot the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate fir the s:.«per:<:on of
the 16th joint rule, so as to authorize :he trans-
mission to the Senate of House bill 463, to author-
ize one of the regiments ot infantry to be con-
verted into an additional regiment of mounted
riflemen.
