THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
1 50 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1851.
New Series....No. 52.
The PRESIDENT. A message has been re- i
ceived from the House stating that they had agreed j
to suspend the 16th ioint rule, so as to authorize !
the transmission to the Senate of that bill. i
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I ask the 1
unanimous consent to take up the message of the
House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 object.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missis-
sippi moves to lay the river and harbor bill on the
table, and on that motion the yeas and nays hare
been ordered.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Butler, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote, Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, King. Mason, Morton, Norris,
Pearce, Rhett, SoulS, Sturgeon, Turney, and Yulee—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Kwirtg, Felch, Greene, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Phelps,
Pratt, Rantoul, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spru-
ance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Whit-
comb—35.
So the motion was not agreed to.
After further discussion on the river and harbor
bill by Mr. Clemens, a message was received
from the House of Representatives by Mr. Young,
their Clerk, announcing that the House had passed
Senate bill No. 4, entitled " An act for the relief
of the American Colonization Society," without
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the unanimous
consent to move to suspend the 17th joint rule for
the purpose of allowing that bill to be sent to the
President.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. TURNEY. I object.
Mr. FOOTE. I object to sending any more
bills unless they are appropriation bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well; we can ob-
ject to everything else.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they insisted upon their disagree-
ment to the Senate amendments to the bill making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1852, and had agreed to the conference asked for
by the Senate, and appointed Mr. Batly, Mr.
Vinton, and Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, as
managers of said conference on the part of the
House.
Also, that the House had concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill for the relief
of Joseph D. Ward.
Also, that they had agreed to suspend the 16th
joint rule so far as relates to House bill 376, for
the relief of Collins Andrews; and had adopted a
resolution suspending the 17th joint rule of the
two Houses so far as to allow the several bills
which had been passed this day to be presented to ;
the President of the United States.
A message was received from the President of ;
the United States, stating that he had this day ap-
proved and signed the joint resolution changing
the mode of appointing the clerks of the treasurers ]!
of the mints of the United States, and a joint reso- i
lution in relation to the accounts of John De i
Neufville & Son. |
Mr. CLEMENS concluded his remarks. J
Mr. HUNTER. 1 ask the unanimous consent i
of the Senate to make a report from the commit-
tee of conference on the Post Office appropriation
bill.
The PRESIDENT. If not objected to, the re- ■
port will be received.
There being no objection—
Mr. HUNTER submitted a report, which was .
read and concurred in.
A message was received from the House by '
Mr. Young, their Clerk, announcing that they !
had passed Senate bill 312, for the relief of Major j:
Frederick D. Mills, deceased, without amend- f
ment, and had adopted a resolution suspending
the 17th joint rule of the two Houses so far as re- !
lates to that bill. jj
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up that mes- [j
52
sage, so as to concur in the suspension of the 17th
rule in relation to that bill. It is a private claim.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the motion will be
amended go as to embrace the hill for the relief ®f
the Colonization Society, I have no objection.
Otherwise, I object.
Mr. HUNTER. I only ask to suspend tie
rule in relation to this one bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I object.
Mr. RUSK. With the consent of the Senator
from Alabama, I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate now to take up the amendments of the
House to the cheap postage bill.
The unanimous consent being granted, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the above bill. The
amendments of the House to the amendments of
the Senate were, on motion of Mr. Rusk, con-
curred in.
Mr. BALDWIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to agree to the resolution of the
House suspending the 17th joint rule, so as to al-
low the bill for the relief of the administrator of
Major Frederick D. Mills, deceased, to go to the
President.
There being no objection, the motion was agreed
to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed, without
amendment, the following Senate bills: For the re-
lief of Hubert H. Booley; for the settlement of
classes of private land claims within the limits of
the Baron de Bastrop grant, and allowing pre-
emption rights to actual settlers in the event of the
final adjudication of thai grant in favor of the Uni-
ted States; and for the relief of William Hardy.
Also, that they had adopted a resolution suspend-
ing the 17th joint rule, so far as to allow the pre-
sentation to the President of the United States of
the bills which have been passed to-day.
After some remarks by Mr. HOUSTON oa the
river and harbor bill,
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed the Senate bill to
incorporate the Union Gaslight Company, in the
! District of Columbia, with an amendment, in
which they requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
Mr. FOOTE.- I understand there is a small
bill from the House which has just come to the
Senate, and which is a very important one. I de-
sire that it may be put upon its passage. It is an
act to incorporate the Union Gaslight Company
in the District of Columbia, with an amendment.
The PRESIDENT. If there is no objection it
will be taken up.
Mr. COOPER. I have been toid there are se-
rious objections to that bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I suspect the Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. COOPER. No, sir; I object.
After further discussion on the river and harbor
bill by Messrs. SEWARD and DAWSON,
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House of Representatives had
passed the Senate resolution providing for audit-
ing and settling the accounts of the public printers
during the recess of Congress.
Also, a bill for the relief of H. J. McClintock
and Mansfield Carter.
Also, that the Speaker of the House had signed
the following bills:
A bill for the relief off the American Coloniza-
tion Society;
A bill to found a military asylum for the relief
of invalid and disabled soldiers;
Ah aet to amend the acts regulating the appraise-
ment of imported merchandise,-*^ for other pur-
poses;
A bill for the relief of the administrator of Major
Frederick D. Mills, deceased;
An act for the relief of Joseph D. Ward and
Isaac Watts Griffith.
Also, that the House had agreed to suspend the
17th joint rule, so far as relates to the bills passed
up to this time, that they might be sent to ths
President of the United States.
The President proceeded to sign the before-
mentioned enrolled bills.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I find there is a
bill returned from the House for the signature of
the President, for the relief of the American Col-
onization Society. When the Senator from Ken-
tucky moved to suspend the rule which prevents
its being sent to the President, I objected to it. I
do not see how it got back to the House. I think
there is some mistake ahout it. It was checked
in its progress through this body, and eannot now
be legitimately before it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think it due to myself
to say to the Senator from Mississippi, that if
there be any mistake about it, I really cannot ac-
count for it. I have had nothing to do with it
since the motion which I made.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate have had nothing to
do with it; there is a mistake about it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know how it
has happened; I cannot account for it at all. I do
not know that it is irregular, when a bill has
passed both Houses, that it should receive the
signature of the Presiding Officer.
The PRESIDENT. The President will delay
signing the bill until the question is settled.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The bill passed regu-
larly through both Houses, and I moved to sus-
pend the rule which prevented its being seat to
the President. That was objected to, and the
question upon the suspension of the rule was not
taken. There has been no objection to its pas-
sage, because it passed long ago through both
Houses.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill was reported to theSen-
ate two hours ago, and I objected to the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky to suspend the joint
rule, and yet nsw it comes back from the House
with the signature of the Speaker. How it got
out of the Senate and got that signature, I eannot
understand.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think I can explain.
It was reported to the Senate as having passed the
House.
The PRESIDENT. The bill passed the Sen-
ate on September 12th. It went to the House of
Representatives; it passed that body, and the pas-
sage of it has been reported by the Clerk of the
House. A Senator proposed to suspend the rule
which prevented it from being sent to the Presi-
dent on the last day of the session. To that the
Senator from Mississippi objected; .and that rule
has not been suspended, and still applies to the
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Then there was something irreg-
ular about it, because objection was made when It
was up before.
The PRESIDENT. The Clerk of the House
reports the bill as passed. It is an enrolled bill,
Mr. DAVIS. If it was not brought in by the
Clerk of the House, I am mistaken in the feet.
The PRESIDENT. It was certainly brought
in by the Clerk, but this is an enrolled bill.
The President then proceeded to sign the bill
entitled " A bill for the relief of the American Col-
onization Society."
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Young, their
Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives have
adopted the follewing resolution:
Retolved, That the Clerk of this House inform <he Ben-
ate that this House, having disposed of (he important busi-
ness of the session, is now re?4y to .adjourn.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate con-
cur in suspending the 17th rule, so that we may
concur in the resolution which has just been re-
ceived from the House of Representatives relating
to the bills passed this day.
The PRESIDENT. They cannot be taken up
unless by general consent.
Mr. CHASE. 'I objeetto it.
A message was reoeived from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
