818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
nouncing that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following- enrolled bills:
An act for the relief of Hubert H. Booley;
An aot for the relief of William Harding; and
An act to settle private land claims within the
limits of the Baron de Bastrop's grant.
The President proceeded to sign the before-
mentioned bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the general consent of
the Senate to move to suspend the 17th rule, so as
to permit the act relating to the appraisement of
foreign merchandise to be sent to the President,
and also the act in relation to the Baron de Bastrop
grant, and all the other bills just read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If we can pass all, I am
willing. I am apprehensive that some little feeling
has been created by what transpired some time
ago on my making objection to the suspension of
the rule in relation to a bill from the House. Ob-
jections have also been made in some cases by
others, and I now propose to let all bills of a pri-
vate character, which have passed both Houses,
go to the President, because both Houses have
settled the measures.
Mr. HUNTER. Let this pass, and then the
gentleman can make his motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not under-
stand this general amnesty at all.
The PRESIDENT. It requires the suspension ;
of the seventeenth joint rule that these bills may '
be sent to the President.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the motion by
inserting the bill to reduce the rates of postage. I
Mr. HUNTER. I would rather the question
should be taken on my motion separately. The
Senator from Texas can make his motion after-
wards.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Texas propose to amend the motion?
Mr. RUSK. I propose to include the bill to re-
duce the rates of postage.
Mr. HUNTER. I will accept that motion.
The motion to suspend the rule was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I must bring be-
fore the Senate a question which lias been present-
ed and argued before, but never settled; the ques-
tion as to the hour at which the session of Congress
terminates. It is now twelve o'clock; and if the
session has terminated, my duties have closed.
There are others in the same condition with my-
self. The honorable and distinguished Senator
from Michigan stated it as his opinion on a former
occasion, and he sustained it by his action, that
the session closed at twelve o'clock at night. I
must confess I have always entertained some
doubt; my own opinion is not quite clear on the |
subject, was not clear when I was not interested;
now the case is one upon which I do not feel quite j
willing to risk my own judgment, and it is not
proper that I should decide, because I am a party
involved.
My term has expired if the session has closed. !
I desire, therefore, to know of the Senate whether
the session has closed or not? I submit the ques-
tion to the Senate, therefore, whether this Senate I
can longer remain in session ? In order to put the J
question in form, I now move that, because the
session has closed, the Senate do now adjourn; !
and on that question I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOOTE. I would suggest that it would
be best to concur in the resolution sent from the
House. I understand that would be the best plan.
If I may be allowed, I move that the Senate concur
in the resolution of the House.
Mr. CASS. Two years ago this night, upon
the third of March, 1849, this question was raised.
I then stated my opinion to be that the Congress
of the United States terminates, according to the
Constitution, at twelve o'clock on the night of the
third of March. My term of service as a Senator
from Michigan expires when the third of March
expires. The question is when does the third of
March expire? The bills you pass this night will
all be signed on the "third of March;" it will be
so stated, but it is not true. They are not signed
on the third of March; and the very fact shows
conclusively that the third of March has termi-
nated, and with it our service has terminated. You
have to resort to a fiction, which in fact is a false-
hood, in order to justify holding over. On that
occasion I stated that to bemv opinion; and being
my opinion, and being decided in my opinion that
my term of service has expired, I shall so vote,
and after voting shall do no more business.
Mr. DADGER. If we concur in the resolution
! from the House, we only concur in the resolution
; that the House is ready to adjourn,
i Mr. WALKER. I ask for the reading of the
resolution.
The resolution was again read.
' Mr. MASON. I cannot concur in that resolu-
tion.
Mr. WALKER. I oWect to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT, ft cannot be taken up if
there is objection, for there is another subject under
consideration.
Mr. MASON. I object to the resolution, and I
cannot concur in it, because we have not disposed
of the important business of the session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have just learned that the
House has almost unanimously resolved that they
will not adjourn, and that they are competent to
transact business. My own opinion is, that the
Senate will have power to sit till to-morrow at sun-
set. I think if we adjourn on the 4th of March,
it is all that the Constitution requires.
After some remarks by Mr. DAWSON on the
river and harbor bill,
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills:
An act to reduce and modify the rates of post-
age in the United States, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution providing for auditing and
settling the accounts of the public printers during
the recess of Congress; and
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1852, and for other purposes.
Also, a bill for the relief of H. J. McClintock
and Mansfield Cartter.
The before-mentioned bills were signed by the
President of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to move to suspend the 17th joint
rule, for the purpose of sending the four bills which
havejustbeen signed to thePresidentoftheUnited
States for his signature.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I raised a ques-
tion of privilege for the consideration of the Senate
a short time since. I will now send a resolution
to the Chair, and ask that it may be read, in order
to bring the subject before the body.
Mr. DAWSON. A resolution cannot be of-
fered when a question is pending.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It can as a ques-
tion of privilege. It is a question whether this <
body is in session or not. ;
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi states that he is reelected, and wishes to
know whether he is entitled to hold his seat after
twelve o'clock, under his old commission?
Mr. DAWSON. Is it therefore a question of
privilege?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will receive the
resolution.
The resolution was then read:
Resolved, That the second session of the Thirty-first
Congress has closed by the arrival of the hour of twelve
o'clock, p. m., of the 3d of March, and therefore the Senate
notify the House that they are ready to adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. That cannot be considered a
question of privilege.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will not con-
sider that as a question of privilege.
Mr. HALE. Does the Chair consider that a
question of privilege?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair received it
under the impression raised as to the inability of
the Senator from Mississippi to hold his seat after
the hour of twelve o'clock this night. This, how-
ever, is a simple resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Is not that a ques-
tion of privilege? Then I approach theChairand
ask to be sworn in as a member of the new Con-
gress. That presents the question. [Mr. Davis
stepped forward to the President's chair.]
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of privilege.
I object to the Senator from Mississippi taking
any part in the proceedings of the Senate, as his
term has expired.
Mr. MASON. The Senator has been reelected,
and has a right to qualify.
Mr. HALE. If he qualifies under that reelec-
tion he has a right; but 1 object to his taking any
part in the proceedings if his term has expired.
Mr. BALDWIN. I wish to inquire whether a
member elected for the Thirty-second Congress has
a right to be sworn in during the session of the
Thirty-first Congress?
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to inquire, inasmuch
as the Senator from Mississippi proposes to take
the oath, if this be the first session of the Thirty-
second Congress which will entitle him to take the
oath ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not feel
himself at liberty to administer the oath to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, as a Senator of the Thirty-
second Congress. He has already been sworn as
a Senator of this Congress, and has discharged his
duties as such, and until the next Congress he will
not be entitled to take the oath. When this Con-
gress adjourns, and a new one meets, or if the
President calls the Senate together after the close
of this session for executive business, the Senator
from Mississippi will be entitled to be sworn, and
not till then.
Mr. HALE. I object to the Senator's appear-
ing.
The PRESIDENT. You have no right to ob-
ject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That brings up
the question, I think.
Mr. HALE. I appeal from that decision. The
Senator admits, what we all know, that the term
for which he was elected has expired; and to show
that I am not captious in my views, I will state
that I have just been to the Secretary's office to
examine the returns of election, and I looked at
the credentials of the Senator from Mississippi,
and I found he was elected for six years from the
fourth of March, 1845. There have been six
fourths of March since 1845, and you cannot
crowd seven of them into six years. We are now
in the fourth of March, 1851; the six years have
expired, and therefore I object to the Senator's
taking part in the proceedings. I think this is a
question which I have a right to raise as a ques-
tion of privilege.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator succeeds
in establishing his opinions, the Chair will ad-
journ the Senate sine die, for no other Senator will
have a right to remain.
Mr. HALE. I know that as well as the Chair,
but I cannot raise the question on the whole sixty-
two at once. If I can raise it upon one and es-
tablish it, that will settle the question.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had concurred with the Senate
in agreeing to suspend the 17th joint rule so far
as relates to certain bills of the Senate and the
House.
Mr. BRADBURY. Allow me to suggest a
convenient mode to settle the question which has
been raised. We shall soon have occasion to take
a vote by yeas and nays. Then, on a gentleman
offering to vote, objection being made, the ques-
tion will arise whether he has the right. That is
the convenient mode.
Mr. POOTE. I think the first question would
be as to the right of the Senator objecting to ob-
ject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The question
equally involves the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and myself. If the session beat an end, my
term of office has closed; if it be at an end, he has
no right to act. He has no more power over me
than I have over him in relation to the matter.
You must meet the ouestion fairly face to face.
Is the session at an end or not?
Mr. FOOTE Is it not a fact that if this body
were to adjourn at ten o 'clock to-morrow, it would
adjourn on the 4th of March ? It is true, as the
Senator from Michigan says, that these bills must
be signed on the 3d of March. Thev have to im-
port to be of the 3d of March. If they were
signed on the 4th of March they would be invalid.
Are we authorized to commit an act of falsifica-
tion as to our legislation ?
A message was received from the President of
the United States,
The PRESIDENT. With the permission of
the Senate the Chair will state that he has received
from the President of the United States a notifica-
tion in the following words:
To Hon. •
, Senator from •
Sir: Whereas divers and weighty causes connected with
executive buMiiess necessary t«> be transacted, create an ex-
traordinary occasion, rerjuinnj that the Senale b« convened,
