1851.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
you art therefore requested, u a member of that body, to
attend a mprtm* thereof, to be holden at the Capitol, in the
city of Washington, on the 4th dav of March, instant.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
U'ashengtov, Marck 3,1851.
The President requested me to state that a noti-
fication would be sent to each Senator as soon as
they were prepared.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the President will
send commissions to those of us who have not got
thera. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. What is the question the
Senator from New Hampshire wishes to be sub- .
mitted to the Senate as a privileged question ?
Mr. HALE. I raise a question as to the right
of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] to
participate in the proceedings.
The PRESIDENT. He has the same right as
any Senator.
Mr. HALE. I am aware of that. But some
individual case must be selected. I did not intend
to raise the point in the case of the Senator from
Mississippi, but as to another member of the Sen-
ate. I am not particular as to the form in which
the question is raised. I think it ought to be raised
and met. To meet the question, I move that the
Senate adjourn sine die, and on that motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. &HETT. I beg leave to make an inquiry
of the President, if it be in his power to answer it.
I understand that all the commissions of Senators
that are on file state that their term is from the |
fourth day of March of suc.h a year until the
fourth day of March of another year, and those
who have received, like myself, appointments for
a limited time to fill a vacancy, have their commis-
sions filled " until the fourth of March." I know
that is the case with my commission. If so, the
commission of every Senator on this floor has des-
ignated to him the time of the expiration of his
service, and it is " until the fourth of March,"
which I take to be the beginning of the fourth of
March. If that is the fact, can the President com-
municate it to the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. The presiding officer is
unable to say how the commissions of Senators
are filled up in that respect.
Mr. EWING. I have never had any great dif-
ficulty about this point. The Senate meets at
twelve o'clock on the fourth day of March. Then
the term commences, and at twelve o'clock on the
fourth of March it ends, because it must consist
of six years. TJie President is never inaugurated
until the fourth of March, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. RHETT. But how can that explain away
the commission ? If the commission reads " until
the fourth March," by what construction can you
extend it into the fourth ?
Mr. HALE. Is this motion debatable?
The PRESIDENT. It is not debatable. It is
a proposition to adjourn line die, and on that ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of arresting debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege, and wish the Senate to decide on
the subject. I now. object to my friend from In-
diana [Mr. Bright] voting on this question. He
will be the first Senator called whose term has ex-
pired, and I object to his voting.
The PRESIDENT. Objection is made to the
Senator from Indiana voting on the motion to ad-
journ sine dit, on the ground that his commission
expired at twelve o'clock this night.
Mr. ATCHISON. I object to entertaining the
motion, or putting the question,coming as it does
from the Senator from Mississippi. If the Sena-
tor from Indiana is not entitled to vote, most assu-
redly the Senator from Mississippi is not entitled
to make the motion to exclude him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is a ques-
tion yet to be settled. D comes after B, and until
you settle the question in my case, it is an open
question. I therefore have the same right to ob-
ject as the Senator from Missouri has to speak.
If the session is at an end, he has no right to ad-
dress the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The day, as
we ordinarily term it, commences at twelveo'clock,
midnight; but I think in the practice of the Gov-
ernment the political day commences at twelve
o'clock, noon. There are two modes of compu-
ting time; one, for ordinary purposes, makes the
day begin at twelve o'clock at night; that for po-
litical purposes, according to the practice and usage
of the Government, at twelve o'clock at noon. If
that is not so, there has been within your knowl-
edge, sir, and within mine, a great deal of illegal
legislation.
Mr. BRIGHT. Is the motion to adjourn de-
batable ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has stated sev-
eral times that it is not.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I insist upon haying the :
I motion put.
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to know wheth-
: er the motion to adjourn siw die is not debatable?
: The PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
| The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
when he called Mr. Bright's name—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi said: I object to :
the Senator's voting.
Mr. BRIGHT. I certainly have a right to vote |
1 either under my old commission or under ray ;
new one. If I cannot vote under my old one, I
ask to be sworn in.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move that the Senator be
| permitted to vote.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest that in order to get
I an opportunity of deciding that question, the ques-
tion oe taken before the result is announced, as to
j whether my friend from Indiana is or is not enti-
tled to vote. I submit that he has a right to vote.
I Mr. BADGER. I desire to ask whether it is
j the right of any member of this body to raise the
I question that a gentleman is not a member whose
| name is on the roll? If it can be done this day, it
; can be done any day of the session, and every call i
1 of the yeas and nays may be embarrassed with i
questions as to whether Senators have a right to
vote, and it may be raised on every member of the
body. I take it that no gentleman can raise this
question. Gentlemen who are here have been rec-
ognized as members of this body and sworn in,
and the question cannot be raised as to them. If
it applies to one, it applies to us all. If the Sen-
ator from Indiana has no right to vote, none of us
have, and the session has closed.
Mr. POOTE. The honorable Senator must
be greatly mistaken on that point. Nothing
can be more certain than the right of a member
to challenge an individual who attempts to vote
as to his authority to do so. Otherwise this Hall
might be filled with a multitude of strangers,
and a fraudulent list be thrown on the table, and
if no question could be made, no objection raised, '
as to the right of any one to vote, the Senate of
the United States might be converted into a large
assembly of unauthorized persons. There must i
be some remedy for this, some mode of meeting i
it. The proper point is, when a gentleman's name j
is called and he attempts to vote; that is the proper j
time to challenge him, exactly as you would chal- j
lenge a juror and ascertain whether he is compe-
tent to try the cause. You might as well go on
and swear the whole jury, in excepting the indi-
vidual challenged, as to go on and call the roll,
until the right of a Senator to vote is decided.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to suggest that time
is too precious to be wasted in this way.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not feel
at liberty to decide any such question. It does
not come within his province at all. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is a Senator in this Con-
gress. If the Congress is at an end, if its period
has closed, then of course none of us are Senators
so far as voting in this Congress is concerned.
The list of Senators is made out for this Congress.'
Before the Clerk calls the roll, therefore, the Chair
is not at liberty to strike off any one, or decide
that any one is not entitled to vote. If the Senate
decides so, the Chair would feel bound to adjourn
the body.
(To the Secretary.) Proceed with the call.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
when Mr. Cass's name was called—
Mr. CASS rose and said: I am no longer a mem-
ber of the Senate. I am only a looker-on.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
when the nameofMr. Davis, of Mississippi, was
called—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, rose and said:
With the indulgence of the Senate I would say a
word. My mind is not at all satisfied with this
question. I am rather inclined to believe that, as
Washington on his first full term was inaugurated
at twelve o'clock the 4th of March, and as every
Presidential term has been for four years from
that period, and as every Senatorial term runs for
six years, the session may continue until twelve
o'clock of the 4th of March. But the weight of
very high authority is against my opinion. I
have therefore appealed to the Senate for a de-
cision of the question, and they not having given
me that decision, I have to ask to be excused from
voting.
The Secretary continued the call; and when
Mr. Masow'i name was called—
Mr. MASON rose and said: I hold in my hand
a note from the President of the United States
summoning me to attend a meeting of the Senate
on the 4th day of March, as a member of the
next Senate, which I understand is to begin this
day. I do not consider myself a member of the
last Congress, which expired at twelve o'clock,
and therefore I cannot vote.
When the names of Mr. Yulee and Mr. Stur-
geon were called, they made no response.
The Secretary having concluded the calling of
the roll, the result was announced as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Chase, Clemens,
Foote, Hale, Rbett, and Soule—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell. Bradbury,
Bright, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Gwing, Felch, Greene, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Jones,
Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood,
Upham, Wales, and Whitcomb—36.
So the motion to adjourn sitti die was rejected.
After further proceedings on the river and har-
bor bill,
Mr. MASON said: It has become indispensably
necessary that this Senate should determine who
are-members and who are not. I have declined
voting because I did not consider myself a member
of the present session, the hour of twelve having
passed. I cannot vote upon any motion that is
made, but I shall not relinquish my seat until the
Senate adjoum, or I am sworn into a new Sen-
ate.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senate cannot instruct
any Senator in a matter of conscience. It is upon
his own individual responsibility if he retires from
the Senate or refuses to vote. All I have to state
is this: There has not been any Congress since I
have had any connection with it, which has not
sat until two, three, and even seven o'clock in the
morning of the 4th of March; and I recollect that
nominations have been confirmed after sunrise of
the 4th of March, so that I do not see any doubt
of our power to sit until twelve o'clock, m. I
have moved now to lay this bill aside in order to
take up the appropriation bills, which are neces-
sary to carry on the Government, so that we shall
not place ourselves in the unpleasant condition of
requiring the Administration to call an extra ses-
sion.
Mr. EWING. I call for the yeas and nays on
it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I demand that the Senate shall determine
whether a new Senate is now in session, or whether
the former Senate has expired. I demand, as was
formerly done by my friend from Mississippi, that
we shall be sworn into a new Congress of the
United States. It is competent for the Senate to
decide that question, and I shall acquiesce in their
decision.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have a very
ready answer to the gentleman. This is not the
body to settle members' qualifications. It is an-
other body, made up of one third new members,
that is to settle that question.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot under-
take to administer the oath to any Senator as com-
ing into a new Congress. This Congress must
terminate before a new one commences, and the
Senate have refused by a vote to terminate this.
The Senate of the United States have, on various
occasions, continued to sit after twelve o'clock of
the night of the 3d of March, and several times
until the next morning at seven or eight o'clock,
and Senators continued to vote upon all questions
as they arose up to the time of adjournment. Al-
though the individual opinion of the Chair would
be that the session expired at twelve o'clock at
night, the practice has been different, and it is ut-
terly impossible for the Chair to swear in any
member of the Senate, as in a new Congress, until
this Congress adjourns.
