822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
geimity and adroitness would be directed towards
a single object, the perverting of the intentions of
the original designers of the structure, and the
transforming of it into the very conception, which,
when presented to the Secretary of the Treasury,
had been by him repudiated and rejected. The
anatomy of the building was to be essentially
altered, and the custom-house to turn its back, as
it were, on the Municipality which had donated
the ground whereon it was being erected, and this
too in utter disregard of the implied obligation
assumed by the Government that the original plan
would be faithfully adhered to; for it is worthy of
remark that it was not until the plan had been
submitted to the consideration and had obtained
the approbation of the First Municipality, that
the transfer of the lot of ground to the tJnited
States was executed. Iron floors were to be sub-
stituted for the groined arches, in view of which
the foundations had been laid and the whole struc-
ture combined and determined upon; contracts em-
bracing large amounts of money, and imparting
right to indemnity if they should be violated,
were to be set at nought, and the whole concern
to be remodeled and managed anew. Sir, those
who had a right to be heard on that matter had
petitioned the Secretary of the Treasury, and in-
sisted on the original plan being not departed from.
But nothing could avail, and the foul architectural
murder, through the active agency of the com-
missioners, aided and abetted by subalterns in the
Treasury Department, will be consummated, un-
less Congress interpose its authority and require
the Department to comply with the plan on which
the whole structure was designed to rest, and with
the contracts entered into under its implied pre-
scriptions. The late hour at which the amendment
comes before the Senate precludes me from carry-
ing further my remarks. Indeed the assurance
which I feel that it will be sanctioned by a large
vote, makes it even doubtful whether I might not
have dispensed with those few which I have deemed
it my duty thus hastily to present.
The amendment as modified was accepted.
Mr. GrWIN. I propose to amend the amend-
ment as follows:
Proviiei, further, That the architect shall be appointed j
by the President of the United States, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and that no persons shall
be employed at a salary or per diem allowance on said build-
ing except the operatives of the architect.
Mr. BELL. I fear, if these amendments are
pressed to-night, the whole time given to the ap-
propriation bill will be spent upon them.
Mr. SOULE. The honorable Senator knows
full well that the whole matter has been investi-
gated in the committee, and that they agreed upon
the original amendment which I proposed. But
it is just for me to say that the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New York does noth-
ing but carry out openly and undisguisedly what
was intended by the amendment which was
adopted in the committee, except that by his
amendment the original architect is required not
to meddle with the building, and is to furnish the
details of the plan, in order that the new architect,
who could not do it without that assistance, may
have what is called, in architectural parlance, the
anatomical part of the work which he is required
to execute. These considerations have induced
me to give my support to the substitute of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely rise to say that if
the debate continues on this amendment, the con-
sequence will be the rejection of the whole.
Mr. SOULE. I will not debate it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I really think
this is decidedly too complicated a subject to be
taken up at this time. There was some disagree-
ment about it in the committee, and a majority
came to the conclusion not to recommend it. I
do not see how it is possible for a Department to
carry on the business in a proper way unless they
can be clothed with some discretion. It is quite
impossible that a great building, which is to cost
some $3,000,000, can be erected unless there is
some discretion given to the Department.
Mr. GWIN. There is hardly a more import-
ant subject that can be brought before the Senate
than this. This appropriation ought to be stricken
out unless restrictions are put upon the work.
There has been half a million of dollars expended
on the building already. I have the authority of
Colonel Turnbull, who laid the foundation of the r
building, that these alterations will destroy the
building; and if these restrictions are not put in,
I will move to strike out the appropriation.
I Mr. COOPER. I know nothing at all about
the work contemplated, but I know that the Treas-
ury Department is opposed to the amendment
being made; and I know that a gentleman well ac-
quainted with the custom-house there, and a mem-
ber of the Administration, believes that it will
render the custom-house a very insufficient and
very uncomfortable building, if the plan proposed
by the amendment be carried into effect. I feel
bound to state this, without having any knowl-
edge of the merits of the two plans myself.
Mr. DICKINSON. I speak upon this subject,
knowing all about it. There is nothing complica-
ted about it. Congress specifies by this amend-
ment that there shall be no material departure
from this plan; that the materials contemplated
shall be employed, and the contract carried out
inviolate.
Mr. RUSK. I implore Senators not to discuss
these things. We understand them.
The amendment to the amendment was adopt-
ed, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section:
And ?o much of the act of the thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty, as declares that thfi compensa
tion of the watchmen in the various departments of the
Government shall be five hundred dollars per annum, shall
be construed to include the watchmen at the navy-yard at
Washington.
Last September I offered an amendment, to the
civil and diplomatic bill increasing thesalaryof the
watchmen from $350 to $500 per annum. It was
then supposed it would reach the watchmen of the
navy-yard, but it was not so construed. This
amendment is for the purpose of making that act
apply to those watchmen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Territories, I am also requested by
the Committee on the Territories of the House of
Representatives, and it is concurred in by the
Committee of Elections in the House, to offer the
following amendment, to come in under the head
"Territory of Utah:"
To A. W. Babbit, as Delegate from the Territory of
Utah, for mileage and compensation, ,f2,460.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am also directed to offer
the following amendment:
To W. S. Messervey, as Delegate from New Mexico, for
mileage and compensation, .^9,460.
Mr. BORLAND. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I simply wish to remark
that I am opposed to that appropriation, for the
reason that this gentleman, whatever may be his
merits as an individual, comes here without au- 1
thority.
Mr. SMITH. He had the same authority as
the other Delearate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He came here under a regular
election of the people of that Territory. The for-
mer Delegate from Utah was paid at the last ses-
sion precisely the same amount—five dollars per
day. The Delegates from Oregon have also been
paid under the same circumstances.
The question was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bright, Chase,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dickinson,
Dodge of Towa, Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Foote, Greene,
Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Miller, Pearce,
Rantoul, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule,
Spruance, and Underwood—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Davis of Mississip-
pi, Felch, King, Mason, Whitcomb, and Yulee—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the bill in
the twentieth page by inserting after the word
"consul"the word "general," so that it may
read, "consul-general at Peru." The object is
simply this: Consuls of other nations there have
that title, and our consul does not rank with them
for want of this title. It has the recommendation
of the State Department.
The amendment was agreed to. ,
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the bill
further, by adding after line five, on page twenty-
eight, the following:
For buildine and equipping four revenue cutters, the sum
of $60,000: the said sum to he expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
That is from a recommendation which, I be-
lieve, was presented to the Committee on Com-
merce. I am directed by the Committee on Com-
merce to present it as the unanimous report of that
committee, and I will call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the estimate of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It will be found in the estimates relating to
surveys. These four revenue cutters are designed
for the coast of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, and the gulf coast of Florida, Alabama,
and Mississippi, and the coasts of Texas and Ore-
gon.
I hold in my hand a letter, placed there by the
Delegate from the Territory of Oregon, in which
he gives a description of the smuggling now carried
on there, particularly in the article of French
brandy. The Secretary of the Treasury has also
called on me personally, as the chairman of that
committee, for the purpose of urging upon the at-
tention of the Senate the importance of this amend-
ment. He stated to me personally, as well as in
the letter which I hold in my hand, that the inter-
est of the United States revenue service demands
an appropriation of this kind, for the reasons al-
ready stated. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be adopted.
The fiict is, we are adopting so many amendments
that we shall lose them all in the House. Why,
there will not be even time to examine and engross
them. Besides, there are objections to the amend-
ment itself. A former Secretary of the Treasury
cut down this revenue service, and after a contro-
versy in the House about it, he was sustained;
and yet we are putting it all back where it was
before. I hope the Senate will pause long before
they go back to the abuses which have been dis-
continued.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with the Senator from
Virginia. I believe this is a great humbug.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would state
that from Virginia to Florida there has been no
cutter to put on the service, and none on the coast
of Texas or Oregon.
Mr. HUNTER. There is one employed, cer-
tainly, and one laid up now.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hold in my hand a state-
ment in relation to this matter. There are two
cutters, it is true, but they are neither of them fit
for service.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. I offer°an amendment, in the
form of a proviso, to come in after the item rela-
ting to lighting Pennsylvania avenue, which is as
follows:
For lighting Pennsylvania avenue from the Treasury De-
partment to the Capitol, and compensation to two lamp-
lighters for the same, and for lighting the Capitol grounds
and President's house, $12,000.
The Committee on Public Buildings has been
authorized to contract for lighting the avenue, and
it is proposed that the Government shall pay $6
per thousand feet for gas. I have taken the
trouble to send to New York, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore, and I have ascertained that in New
York gas can be obtained for $3 75 per thou-
sand feet, in Philadelphia for $2 62, and in Balti-
more for $3 50. Under these circumstances, on
behalf of the Committee on Public Buildings, I
propose this proviso to restrict the contract that is
to be made, and to require the Commissioner to
j advertise for proposals for supplying gas after the
present year:
Provided, however, That no contract shall be made for a
longer term than one year, and that the Commissioner of
Public Buildings shall advertise for proposals for furnishing
gas to light the Capitol, President's house, Pennsylvania
avenue, and other public buildings and grounds, after the
1st day of March, 185*2, and that a contract be made with
the person offering the best terms, under the direction of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. The provision in the bill for
improving the grounds south of the President's
house appropriates $10,000. I move to amend it
by striking out " ten" and inserting " fifteen."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. I now move to add, at the end
of the item, "for continuing the improvements,
grading, and planting with trees the grounds south
of the President's house, $10,000," the following
proviso:
Provided, That all unexpended balances of moneys here-
tofore appropriated and herein appropriated for the improve-
ment of the public grounds in the city of Washington shall
be expended under the direction of the President of the
