185t.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
United States, in execution of stoch plan or plans as h« may
adopt.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. CLARKE. There is a proviso in the bill
which follows items for paving, grading, &c., in
this city, in these words:
PrmUed, That before anything is expended or drawn
from the Treasury under the last ten items, proposals in de-
tail, describing the work to be done, shall be pnblished by
the Commissioner of Public Bnildings for three weeks, in
three newspapers, one of which shall be elsewhere than in i
Washington, and that the proposals of the lowest responsi-
ble bidder shall be received, upon which a contract, with se-
curity for its performance, shall be made by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings for the finishing and completion
•f all these works, and that the Secrets^ of the Interior
shall revise and approve said contracts.
I move to strike out " ten" and insert " seven."
The amendment was agreed to.
compensation of seven laborers, at $500 per an-
num, per act of 30th of September, 1850, $3,500,"
I move to add the following;
And the laborers employed In the several execative
Departments shall receive the same annual compensation
aa is allowed to laborers ill the General Land Office.
The reason why I offer this amendment is be-
cause the salaries should be equalized, which are
now fts various as the dates when their appoint-
ments were made. They are all employed about
the same kinds of business, and should all have
the same compensation.
Mr. BRIGHT. What will then be the price ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It will then be
$500 for each.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have a small amendment,
Mr. CLARKE. I move to amend the item i> which is recommended by the Secretary of the J
onmiMneatinn >ima annitinnal nm art at ! I rrt .... 1 ' 11 if  a  _ 1 . /• .' '  
*• for compensation to two additional watchmen at
the park, ($365 each,) $730;" so as to give them
30 each instead of £365—making the compensa-
tion for both $1,460.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. These are two
watchmen, applied for by the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings about a year ago to protect the shrub-
bery and trees in the Capitol grounds. I do not
know how it is that the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives has put
their salary at the present low estimate. Their
business is responsible and arduous. They are
compelled to come here quite early and remain till
ten o'clock at night, and they have no relief.
They remain on duty some sixteen hours, at a I
salary less than that which is paid to others. The
police men in the Capitol get $1,100.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I would inquire if these
are not the two additional watchmen created at the
last session ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes, sir, they
are.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I voted against that ap-
propriation then, because I did not consider that
they were needed, and 1 shall vote against this
amendment for the same reason.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to submit the following amend-
ment:
For purchasing a site and commencing the erection of a
suitable building in the city of New Haven, Connecticut,
for a custom-house, post office, court-rooms, and other
offices of the United States, the suin of $45,000: Provided,
That the said bnilding shall be exempted from city taxes,
and all other taxes whatever, by act-of the Legislature of
Connecticut: «9 d provided, further, That the plan of the
building shall be such that the whole cost, both of site and
building, shall in no event exceed the appropriation herein i
made.
We have the estimates made by the Department,
and the plan of the building agreed on. We are j
making very expensive custom-houses in other j
cities upon the Atlantic. New Haven is an inter-
esting and a growing city, and I do not see why
there should not be as much done for the smaller
cities as for the larger, in proportion to the amount
of commerce.
Mr. BADGER. We cannot agree to that
amendment.  
Mr. BALDWIN. I am sure my friend from
North Carolina would not oppose this amend-
ment, if he knew the condition of the present cus-
tom-house in New Haven. Our merchants of all
political parties have applied to Congress from
year to year for a new custom-house. The pres-
ent building cost some seven or eight thousand
dollars some forty orfifty years ago. It was built
for a grocery store, was next used for a dwelling
house, and was subsequently converted into a cus-
tom-house. It may have been well enough when
first used for a custom-house, but it is now a posi-
tive disgrace to the city of New Haven, and re-
flects no credit upon the General Government.
Mr. BADGER. I do hope we shall not debate
this amendment. Mr. President, we are talking
on this bill just exactly as if we had six months
left before us instead of but six hours. Does not
■every gentleman see that it is not possible for the
bill to pass with all these amendments? They can-
not be acted upon in the House. I say to my
friend from Connecticut, I have no objection to it,
but we shall lose the appropriation bill by adopt-
ing these amendments.
Mr. BALDWIN. I have the best assurance
that there will be no objection in the House.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. To the item " for
Treasury, and is called for from a deficiency in a
former appropriation:
For compensation to John Bryan, deputy surveyor gen-
eral of Wisconsin and Iowa, $567 73, under his contract
of the 33d June, 1850.
! The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. CHASE. I wish to call the attention of
1 the Senate to a very important amendment which
| I am about to submit. It must be quite obvious
i to every one that the river and harbor bill which
has been laid on the table and made the order for
: eight o'clock, cannot pass this body. I therefore
1 submit a motion to amend the bill now under dis-
cussion, and will explain briefly the proposed'
amendment. It is the bill originally reported in
the House of Representatives, by the Committee
on Commerce, providing for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, modified by striking out every
item not estimated for and sanctioned by the proper
Department. Assisted by the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Hamlin,] I have
gone over the whole bill item by item, retaining
every appropriation for which an estimate has
been maae, and striking out all for which esti-
mates have not been made.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that amendment in order?
We have just voted to lay that bill down, and I
hope it will not thus be pressed upon us. I fear
we shall lose the appropriation bills.
Mr. CHASE. I think the appropriation bills
are in no danger. We have till twelve o'clock to
consider them. The subject of the improvement
of rivers and harbors is as important as any which
can come before Congress. It is not at all unusual
to make appropriations for such objects in bills of
this character. I submit the amendment, to come
in after the clauses making appropriations for light-
houses.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
proposes to amend the bill by inserting several
sections, consisting of nine pages.
Mr. GWIN. Is that motion in order? _
The question was taken, and the decision an-
nounced aeainst the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. CHASE. The amendment has not been
read.
Mr. WALKER. I was on the floor before the
decision was announced, and called for the yeas
and navs.
Mr. RUSK. The decision was announced be-
fore the yeas and nays were called.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for order. The decision
has been announced.
The PRESIDENT. The veas and nays were
not called for until after the Chair had announced
the decision.
Mr. WALKER. I called for the yeas and
navs before the Chair put the motion.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not hear
the Senator. Did the Senator from Wisconsin
call for the yeas and nays before the question was
put ?
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir; I was on the floor,
and made the call.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator says he
was on the floor, and asked for the yeas and nays,
the Chair is bound to put the question again.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope we shall proceed to
consider the other amendments to the civil and
diplomatic bill, that they may be engrossed.
Mr. CHASE. I must say a word. As soon as
I had submitted mv amendment, the Senator from
North Carolina called my attention to a particular
item in the bill, and while my attention was mo-
mentarily thus directed, the Senator from Wiscon-
sin called for the yeas and nays, and before I had
time to turn round, the question was propounded
and decided, without^even reading the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ohio
did not ask to have the amendment read. The
Chair stated that there were various sections in
the amendment, consisting of nine pages. The
Chair did not hear the Senator from Wisconsin
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the Chair will allow us
to have the vote. I had addressed the Chair, and.
having my attention turned for the moment by the
Senator from North Carolina was the cause of
my not asking for the reading of the amendment
before the vote was taken.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has no dispo-
sition to prevent the question from being taken by
yeas and nays: and as the Senator from Wiscon-
sin says he had asked for them before the question
was put, the Chair will feel bound to call for them.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the decision of the Chair
will stand as it was announced. If we squabble
over this question, we shall never pass the bill on
earth.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ATCHISON. It is true that the Senator
from Ohio was not a party to the understanding,
I will not say the contract, by which the river and
harbor bill was laid aside temporarily; but it seems
to me that he is violating the spirit of that under-
standing. This river and harbor bill was to be
laid aside until eight o'clock.
Mr. CHASE. This is not the same bill at all.
Mr. ATCHISON. It amounts to the same
thing. I hope the Senators from Kentucky and
Tennessee, who were parties to that understand-
ing, will vote against this amendment.
Mr. POOTE. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Let us have the vote.
Mr. POOTE. It will be a violation of good
faith if we take up that bill. We have agreed to
take it up at a particular hour, and if this attempt
succeeds, we shall lose the appropriation bills.
Mr. CHASE. I protest against any insinuation
that there has been any violation of good faith on
my part. I have been no party to any contract
made on this floor. I stand here as an individual
Senator, independent of all your contracts. I
stand here to represent the interests of my State,
deeply involved in the fate of the amendment
which I have submitted. Sir, it was objected to
I the river and harbor bill now on the table, and by
! none more strenuously than by the Senator from
: Mississippi, that there were no estimates for many
I of the items it contained, and that some were not
! national in their character. The support of a bill
] containing such items was denounced as inconsist-
ent with the national Democratic platform. I am
no great admirer of the Baltimore platform, or of
any platform which will not permit the exercise of
j the constitutional powers of Congress for the im-
I provement of our great inland channels of com-
| meree and navigation.
My amendment, Mr. President, is liable to none
' of these objections, on the score of the want of
[ estimates and want of nationality, which were so
strongly insisted on by several Senators on this
| side of the Chamber against the bill now laid on
the table. It is the House bill, originally reported
last Summer by the Committee on Commerce,
j which was submitted to the Topographical Bureau,
and scrutinized item by item, and is the subject of
the report of Colonel Abert made to the House
last Fall. I said when I introduced it, that I had
examined it with the aid of the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Hamlin,] and
had compared it with that report item by item, and.
that it contained no object and no appropriation
for which there was not an estimate from the De-
| partment. Every work provided for in it is im-
{ portant. Every appropriation is properly sanc-
tioned and recommended. Most of the appropri-
] ations are not for new works, but for the preser-
i vation and repair of works long since begun,
which, through the neglect of Government, have
n-nne into decay and ruin. I cannot sit still when
I think of the enormous waste of human life, the
vast destruction of property, and the incalculable
inconveniences of every sort, which are experi-
enced upon the rivers and lakes of the West
through this criminal neglect. So long as I have a
seat on this floor I mean to be heard, until the
claims of the West, in this respect, shall be ac-
knowledged and responded to.
