826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the United States, the sum of $75,000: Provided, That the
said building shall be exempted from city taxes and all other I
taxes whatever, by the act ot the Legislature of Pennsylva-
nia : .2nd provided, further, That the plan of the building
shall be sncli that the whole cost, both of site and building,
shall in no event exceed the appropriation herein made.
'• For purchasing a site and commencing the erection of a
suitable building in the city of Louisville, Kentucky, for
custom-house, post office, court-rooms, and other offices of
the I'mted States, the sum of §75,000 : Provided. Thru the
said building shall be exempted from city taxes and all other
taxes whatever, by the act of the Legislature of Kentucky :
~ind provided, further, That the plan of the building shall
be such that the whole com, both of site and building, shall
in no event exceed the appropriation herein made."
Mr. COOPER. I shall not trouble the Senate
with a speech. When the question was before the
Senate while the bill was under discussion as in
Committee of the Whole, I stated the grounds of
my objections to the amendment proposed by the
Committee, on Finance. They were that Pitts-
bun; was a growing city; one that has a large
amount of goods imported into it, and that it has
no custom-house, nor any convenience of any kind
proposed by the amendment. I am sure it is per-
fectly understood by the Senate, and to discuss it
further would be to make the prospect of its pas-
sage less.
Mr. FOOTE. I have looked into this matter,
and if I did not think the Senate would be disposed
to vote for it almost unanimously, I would say
something further in regard to it.
The amendment was not concurred in—ayes 18,
noes 18.
The next question was on concurring in the
vote striking out the following:
" For the payment of the money to those entitled under
the 15th article of the treaty between the United States and
Mexico, concluded February 2, 1848, according to the pro-
viso of the sixth section of an act entitled ' An act to carry
into effect certain stipulations of the treaty between the
United States of America and the Republic of Mexico of the
2d day of February, 1848,' the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to sell the stock to be issued under the
said sixth section, and to issue it under the same restrictions,
limitations, and provisions as are contained in the second
section of an act entitled 'An act authorizing the issue of
Treasury notes and a loan.' approved July 22, 1846, Provi-
ded. however, That the stock so issued shall not bear a rate
of interest greater than five per centum per annum, and that
it shall be redeemable in ten years from its date."
Mr. HUNTER. The act of 1849 provided, in
relation to the Mexican claims, that when the -
commission had closed its labors the Secretary of J
the Treasury should issue certificates of stock of
the United States for the amounts to which the
claimants were severally entitled, bearing an inter-
est of six per cent., and redeemable at the pleas-
ure of the United States, or pay the same in
money. No authority was given to the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell this stock, and he appre-
hends that the claimants will be able to sell the
stock at a premium. He asks authority to issue
five millions in Treasury notes. The Committee on
Finance thought it best to give him authority to !
issue three millions and a quarter in five per cent. j
Htock redeemable in ten years, which will give the
United States the advantage of the premium.
Mr. WALKER. I believe I understood the
matter before. The honorable Senator read to us
the other day a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, in which he seems to express a
doubt whether there will be money enough to pay
the installments. I want it to be certain, and very
certain, before I can consent that this Government
shall issue bills of credit which we do not know
how we are to meet. I ask the yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment.
They were not ordered. The amendment was
then concurred in.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg leave to renew
my amendment in relation to the salary of collec-
tors in Oregon. I think it was not understood be-
fore. I understand that the salary of the collector
there is $1,000 only. I propose to give §2,000 for
a salary, and to allow him to receive $2,000 more
if the emoluments and fees of his business swell it
up to that amount. It will then be $1,000 less
than is received by the collectors in California.
Mr. EWING. Allow me to say that if we con-
tinue to make amendments, we shall not only lose
them, but everyone we have made. Believingso
I shall vote against every amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now renew the amendment
with regard to the appointment of an assistant
treasurer at San Francisco. All I ask is, that the
public money shall be put in safe hands by the
appointment of the officer named in my amend- |
! ment. I will read the letter from the Secretary of
! the Treasury upon it to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance:
" Tn view of the large amount of the revenue collected in
California, most or all of which will probably also be dis- I
bursed there, it becomes a matter of importance that an !
assistant treasurer should be appointed, to be located at San
Francisco. At present the collector is acting as public de- |
positary, so far as regards the amount collected from cus- (
toms at that place, and the plan lias been adopted at other
ports in the United States of making the collectors the reg-
ular public depositary where the business is of a limited
extent, and where the double duties of collector and depos-
itary can be performed without inconvenience to the party,
and the responsibility as to the amount of receipts and the
sum on hand at any one time is not lame. The case, however,
is different at San Francisco, where the duties of collector
are fully sufficient to occupy the time and attention of any
one man. whilst those of public depositary are, at the same
time, arduous and responsible—the receipts from the cus-
toms averaging more than $200,000 monthly; and the
amount of public funds on hand has for a long time been
more than a million of dollars.
" Under these circumstances, T earnestly recommend that
provision should be made by law at the present session for
the appointment, with an adequate compensation, of an as-
sistant treasurer of the LTnited States, to be located at San
Francisco."
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the salary of ail assistant treasurer of the United
States at San Francisco, to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, .$5,000 ;
and said assistant treasurer shall perform the same duties
and be subject to the same penalties as by law are imposed
upon the assistant treasurer at New York.
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being proposed, the
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
j the bill to be read a third time.
PRINTING OF CONGRESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
( Senate a report of the Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate and the Secretary of the Senate, prepared in
i pursuance of the joint resolution of the 3d of
August, 1846, in relation to the execution of the
printing of the Thirty-second Congress; which
was read, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Air. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 26th ultimo, a re- j
port from the Secretary of State, and accompany- '
ing documents, in relation to the forcible abduction [
of citizens of the United States from the Territory ,
of New Mexico, and their conveyance within the 1
limits of the Mexican Republic; which was read,
and ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
NAVY REGISTER.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navv, ac-
companied by seventy-five copies of the Navy
Register; which was read, and ordered to lie on
the table.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. i
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30th, 1852, reported the same
back with sundry amendments.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to its con-
sideration.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall pass this bill just
as it camp from the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I can explain the amend-
ments in a few minutes. The House in some, and
none of them large items, reduced the appropria-
tions nrbitrarily. For instance, the estimates for
the clothing of the Army amounted to $242,000,
and the House cut it down one half, regulating its
action by the appropriations of former years.
Now it so happened that the year before there was
a large supply of clothing on hand, so that it was
not then necessary to make a large appropriation.
There not being that supply on hand this year, the
House have reduced the appropriation bevond
what will be necessary. So in regard to the item
for the medical department.
But the main reductions made by the House in
the estimates are to be found in the provisions in
relation to the Quartermaster's Department. Tlvese
the Committee on Finance left as the House sent
them down. An amendment which relates to
Texas gives no money, but provides for a different
j distribution of the money appropriated in the de-
ficiency bill. That I hope will explain the sub-
jec.t.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think it due to
the Secretary of War and due to the Quarter-
master General to say, that unless Congress will
provide for a change of the service I do not be-
lieve that the estimates can be properly reduced.
The item which has been restored by the Finance
Committee of the Senate is one which will admit
of no delay—the clothing item. Last year the
sum appropriated was $102,000, and this year the
House take it for granted that the appropriation
for last year is sufficient.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator give way
until a message is received?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing to the Senate that the Speaker of the
House of Representatives had signed Senate bill
No. 13 for the relief of Cincinnatus Trousdale and
John G. Connelly, of Arkansas.
The President of the Senate signed the above
enrolled bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I was going on
to say that the sum appropriated last year was
very small, and that appropriated this year by the
House is only about half of what was required.
What was appropriated for the clothing of the
army last year was merely enough to pay the op-
eratives and buy some few articles which were not
on hand, owing to the surplus clothing left since
the war with Mexico. This year that surplus
has been further consumed, and the estimate is
necessarily increased. The appropriation is about
one half of what would be required for the Army
if there was no surplus stock on hand. The
whole of it is necessary in order that they may
proceed immediately in the purchase and manu-
facture of clothing for the troops. That item,
therefore, should be raised immediately.
The others, I wish now to give timely notice to
the Senate, have been cut down without changing
the service, and when we meet next year we shall be
obliged to pass a deficiency bill supplyingdollarfor
dollar what we cut down here from the esti-
mates. It is demonstrable on sound principles that
the estimates cannot exceed, but will probably fall
short of, actual expenditure. The estimate is made
upon the given data and upon close calculation.
Any accident, therefore, which may occur is some-
thing added to the general expenditure, and by the
extent of such accidents will the estimate, if a true
one, fall short. The attempt, therefore, to econo-
mize by cutting down the estimates without chang-
ing the service, is hardly creditable to Congress.
I have felt it necessary to say this; and after the
vote is taken on the amendments of the committee,
I shall have amendments to offer.
The amendments of the committee were then
concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to amend
the bill by adding after the ninth line the following
proviso:
Promded, That all promotions in the staff department,
or corps, shall be made as in other corps of the Army.
1 will merely state to the Senate that we have
had staff corps and staff organizations ingrafted
upon the army since the general laws which gov-
ern it were established. This is merely to secure
by law a system of promotions in that department
similar to that in other other departments of the
Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have an amend-
ment to offer to page five, after line one hundred
and eleven, in the paragraph which relates to
transportation. It is to insert:
For the purchase and introduction of fifty camels with
their equipage, and for the employment of ten Arabs for one
year, $30,000.
The object is to obtain thirty camels and twenty
dromedaries, with the necessary equipage. There
is an estimate for this from the Secretary of War,
which I have shown to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and it has one advantage over
most other estimates. It is the maximum. Certain
items are stated, and they are put at the maximum
rate. This amendment is to introduce fifty camels
and dromedaries, and ten Arabs, with their equip-
age, pay their expenses for one year, and then pay
the expense of sending them home. [Laughter.]
I am sorry that any of my friends should laugh
at this proposition. This animal, though associa-
