830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
it is to be confined to a floating dock without a
basin or railway. What I object to is this: Heft
is a proposition that the Government shall depart
from a contract which has been settled and con-
cluded in every respect except that it has not been
signed.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator permit me
to give him one piece of information before he
proceeds? The bill already contains a provision
to the same effect—to invalidate the said contract—
and there is no difference between the amendment
of the Senate and the provision of the House, so
far as that is concerned.
Mr. BADGER. I understand that; and if this
amendment be rejected, I shall move to strike out
that provision of the House as being utterly in-
consistent with the previous agreement. They
say it is to modify an alleged contract by the Sec-
retary of the Navy. Thus it is admitted that there
is an alleged contract. If the Senate think proper
to vote with the House and violate the faith of the
Government, I have nothing to say.
Mr. GWIN. There is a great difference be-
tween the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance and the provision of the bill as it came from
the House. The amendment of the Committee on
Finance opens various other schemes of docks
besides balance and floating docks. And I am
prepared to show, by the ablest officers connected
with the Department, that when this subject was
thoroughly examined by the Secretary of theNavy
some years ago, it was stated expressly that these
new schemes—that is, new so far as this contract
is concerned, but in reality old schemes—were laid
aside as entirely inferior to the floating dock. The
Secretary says:
" Not content to rely on my own judgment in deciding
on the plan of floating dry-dock to be preferred, the adapt-
ation of which for ships-of war of very large displacement
was believed to be yet untried, the Department called to its
aid a board composed of two experienced captains in the
Navy, two scientific engineers of established character,
and one experienced naval constructor, all of them gentle-
men well known to the country for sound judgment and pro-
fessional attainment, and whose opinions on the subject of
the relative merits of completing plans of floating dry-docks
I had previously ascertained to be free from bias."
Now, the Secretary himself was opposed to
these plans, and in favor of the old-fashioned dry-
docks. He says :
"On the question of the most suitable plan of dry-dock
for naval purposes, my opinion, officially formed in 1844 in i
favor of the permanent stone-dock as preferable to all
others, is unchanged."
The board of commissioners charged with the
examination of the comparative merits of the sev-
eral plans, in their report, speak as follows:
Gilbert's balance dock' is on the first principle—the
caisson and all of the others on the last, or that of the im-
mersed tanks; but as the sectional dock of Dakin 8t Moody,
now in successful operation in New York, has been more
approved in all its parts than any of the others which have
been enumerated, and similarly constructed, the compara-
tive investigations of this commission have involuntarily,
by unanimous concurrence, been limited to these two docks,
as embodying in greatest perfection the two controlling and
antagomstical principles of construction."
Now, the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance brings in various other schemes. We want
the best kind of a dock in California. We want
this sectional floating dock, which is acknowledged
to be the best, and which will take up the largest
vessels. It was such a dock as took up the steam-
ship Ohio. I am opposed to making any hazard-
ous experiment in that country in relation to this
matter. I was ignorant of the working of this
dock when the subject was before the Senate at
the last session. I was never in favor of expend-
ing a dollar on the basin and railway, until I had
seen the experiment successfully tried in Phila-
delphia. It is utterly impossible to give us any-
thing better than a sectional floating dock, and I
hope the Senate will confine the provision to the
construction of a dock of that kind.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator can accomplish
his object by moving to strike out the words " ma-
rine railway or screw-dock." If the Senate reject
the amendment of the Committee on Finance the
Senator can make that proposition, and I shall vote
with him to adopt it.
Mr. GWIN. My plan was, if the amendment
of the Committee on Finance was not adopted, to
take the provision as it came from the House.
Mr. PEARCE. That provision is inconsistent
and incongruous.
Mr. GWIN. We can amend it and make it
sensible.
Mr. WALKER. I am on* of those who wish
upon every occasion, when it is proper to do so,
to hold the Administration to a strict accounta-
bility for its appropriations and expenditures.
But I do not want to be met with the objection
that we force upon the Department that which
was not only not asked for but which they ac-
tually declined to receive. I am guided by the
Secretary of the Navy in this matter; and in look-
ing at his answer to the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio, I find that he says that a floating dock
without a railway and basin will answer all the
purposes in view upon the Pacific coast. I find that
he says further that it can be constructed for less than
one half of what is demanded for one with a rail-
way and basin. It is now proposed that we shall
decline to take his proposition, and it is contended
that we should force on the Department the neces-
sity of expending this entire sum of money.
Mr. GWIN. Not at all.
Mr. WALKER. I am opposed to it. I am
not speaking of what the bill now is, but I hear
Senators talk about amending it. Sir, have we
not seen enough here to give us some alarm on
the subject. Notwithstanding the information from
the Secretary of the Navy, we had a report from
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] from the
Naval Committee, recommending, if I remember
aright, that the contract should be executed as it
was verbally stipulated for by the Secretary.
This would be doing injustice to the Administra-
tion, to the Department, and to the country. For
my own part, I am not particular about this mat-
ter, except as I am guided by the Secretary of the
Navy. I want Senators from that section of the
country to instruct us on the matter, and not force
us to vote the Secretary more than he says he
wants.
Mr. MASON. The bill as it came from the
House, as I understand it, provides that the basin
and railway should be dispensed with, and further
that the contract which it is said the Secretary of
the Navy made for the construction of the dock
should not be treated as a contract, but that the
matter should again be thrown open for bidders.
I understand the Senator who lias reported this
bill to have reported a substitute for this provision,
differing in its phraseology, but one which will
carry into effect the amendment of the House so
far as the contract is concerned, dispensing with
the railway and basin, and treating the subject as
if no contract had been made.
Mr. PEARCE. Precisely so.
Mr. MASON. Upon a resolution of the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Naval Affairs were in-
structed to inquire whether the work contemplated
upon the Pacific could be done on better terms
than those provided in the contract made by the
Secretary. The Naval Committee made the in-
quiry, corresponded with the Secretary, got all
the information he possessed on the subject, and
they found that the Secretary of the Navy had
made a contract, if there is any legal meaning in
the term contract, or rather if the meaning which
we all understand to be the legal meaning is the
meaning of the word " contract." He made a
contract with A and B (I don't know the names
of the gentlemen) for the very kind of dock which
the law required him to construct.
The facts are these: These gentlemen proposed
to make the dock required by law for a given sum.
The Secretary of the Navv referred it to the proper
bureau to estimate what should be the cost of such
a dock on the Pacific. The bureau made an esti-
mate falling somewhat short of the sum proposed
by the contractors. The Secretary of the Navy
held it under consideration for some time, and
eventually made a specific proposition to the con-
tractors, saying, I will give you the work if you
will do it for tfie sum named, which was $80,000
less than the bureau had recommended, according to
that the faith of the Government was involved,
my recollection. The contractors asked for a day
to consider the proposition; that day was given;
and at the termination of the day one of them
went to the Secretary of the Navv and told him
that they accepted the contract. Thus there was
a proposition made upon one side by the Secretary
of the Navy, and it was accepted by the other party.
There was nothing then left to be done but to re-
duce the contract to writing, which was to be done
as soon as the convenience of both parties would
admit, and both were to sign it. This was the
stains of the case at the time the committee were
instructed to look into it. The committee, there-
fore, reported that a contract had been made, and
That was the unanimous decision of the commit-
tee, and they then asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the matter. The Senate
ratified the doings of the committee, and discharged
them from the further consideration of the subject.
Now, as a Senator upon this floor, as a represent-
ative of one of the States, I cannot agree, when a
contract has been made by the Government, al-
though it has not been reduced to writing, that it
shall be treated as no contract.
Mr. PEARCE. The contract was so far a con-
tract that the Government could not have held the
contractors liable. That being so, why should the
Government be liable? Iam told that the com-
mittee of the House positively insisted upon this
provision. They were determined that it should
be thrown open to the competition of all bidders.
Mr. BADGER. What committee?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know; but I suppose
the Naval Committee. We were told that the
House would insist upon it that a new contract
should be made, and that the alleged contract
should not be binding upon the Government.
Mr. HALE. I remember something of the
history of these docks. These different projectors
of docks came before Congress some years ago,
and fought one another, until they found it
would be better work to join hands and come to-
gether upon the Government than it would be to
fight singly. Well, the joint forces came in and
operated upon the Government, and got a contract
for the building of a dock at Kittery, at Philadel-
phia, one I think at Pensacola, and subsequently
this in California.
Mr. FOOTE. What does the Senator mean by
operating upon the Government?
| Mr. HALE. Making contracts with it. After
! that, some other individuals, or corporations, or
patentees, seeing; that a good job was to be got out
of the Government, came in to disturb these forces,
and the result of it has been the legislation of the
House of Representatives on this occasion.
If we are not too old to forget our school-boy
learning, I think we may call to mind the fable of
the fox who got caught in the brambles and was
covered with flies. A swallow came along and
offered to drive them off. Not so, said the fox.
These fellows have got pretty well filled, and if
you drive them off a more hungry crew will take
their places, and I will not have a drop of blood
left in my veins. I think the state of the case here
is, that the Government made a contract with
these persons; and these outsiders, seeing what is
going on, ask us to break the public faith, to re-
pudiate our contract, and throw everything loose,
in order to allow them to come in and suck what is
left in the public Treasury for these docks. If there
is nothing else left to the Government, I think we
should preserve our good faith; that we should not
resort to the contemptible subterfuge—for such it
must be—of saying that we will not perform our
solemn contracts because they are not signed and
sealed. The functionary to whom this matter was
confided tells us that to all intents and purposes a
contract has been made.
Mr. PEARCE. He does not say so in terms.
Mr. HALE. If he does not say so in terms,
he says so in substance. He admits that he has
made a contract, and I would ask, if the fact that
the functionary to whom this matler was confided
has not signed this contract is to render it null,
have you any paste or sealing-wax in the Capitol
that will make it good? Not at all. Such a vio-
lation of the public faith is unworthy of the Gov-
ernment, of the age, and of the character of our
people. I hope we shall continue the contract,
whether it be a good or a bad one, whether we
lose or gain bv it. Whether we sink or swim, let
us stick to it; and do not let us at this time, on
this last dock to be built, repudiate the contracts
which we have made. I shall, therefore, in this
ease vote against the amendments of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and vote against the provision of
the House of Representatives. If the Senator
from North Carolina shall offer the proposition
which he has suggested, to carrv out what the
Government has pledged itself to do, I will follow
him, and I hope the Senate will do the same.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know to whom the
Senator meant to apply the words " contemptible
subterfuge," which he used. Does he mean to
, apply the words to the Committee on Finance,
