832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
would then move to strike out the inconsistent
provision, and let the contract stand.
Mr. BELL. We have a risrht to amend that
part oftlie bill before the question is taken on the
proposition of the Senator from Maryland. I
therefore move to strike out the latter proviso, be-
cause I think it is totally inconsistent with the rest
of the bill. That proviso is:
Provided, That before making such contract the Sec-
retary of the \:ivv shall give at least sixty days' notice by
advertisement m the general way."
Mr. PEARCE. I shall be perfectly satisfied
with anything the Senate may do.
Mr. DAWSON. Striking out that pro-viso is
at once equivalent to saying there was a contract
existing between the Government and these indi-
viduals, and thus we are taking the power into our
own hands to change the contract as we please.
Now, the other side go upon the ground that there
lias been no contract with the parties, and hence
that the Government has the right to put out the
building of this dry-dock upon the most favorable
terms. I lay down the position, that if there be a
contract we cannot interfere except by the consent
of the parties. The provision of the bill as it
comes from the House is, that there was no con-
tract, and therefore it shall be put out to the lowest
bidder. Authorizing the making of a contract is
an avowal on the part of Congress that no contract
has yet been made.
The question is this: Was there a contract be-
tween the Government and the parties ? I urge
that there was not. A contract is an agreement
to do something. In relation to a contract of this
importance, there must be stipulations on the part
of the party who agree to do the work. If you
ask a mechanic to build you a house, the contract
is not consummated until the size of the house, j
its character, the quantity of work to be done, and
the materials out of which it is to be constructed, i
are agreed upon. What have we presented to us j
here? A conversation tending to a contract, the
arrangements for which the parties were to come
together upon before consummating it.
Here is the way to test it: Suppose the Govern-
ment had violated this alleged contract, as it now
stands: could these individuals recover any dam- j
ages for that violation? Not at all. Suppose the j
Government should sue these individuals for a vi- j
olation to comply with the contract: could it re- j
cover any damages against them? Not at all. [
Again, according to the idea that has been suggest-
ed, suppose that these individuals should fail to
perform the work, and it was done by other parties |
at higher prices: could the Government sue them •
for the difference between the price agreed upon
by them and what was paid out of the Treasury
for the work ? Not at all. Why? Because the
stipulations were not understood, the amount of
work to be performed was not understood, was
not set forth, and no contract had been made.
There were no such terms as to warrant its being
considered as a contract. There were no stipula-
tions as to the time of the payment or the period
■when the work should be completed.
Mr. BELL. I observe there is an appropria-
tion in the bill of $150,000, which is confined to
the construction of a dry-dock alone, excluding a
marine railway and basin. We shall have the
whole subject of this appropriation before us at
the next session. We have no time to settle the
matter now. We have no time to reconcile these
extreme opinions, when it is said on the one hand
that there is a binding contract, and on the other
that there is none. I propose, therefore, that we
strike out the proviso appropriating $150,000 for
the construction of the dry-dock, and leave every-
thing else to be settled hereafter.
The question being taken on striking out the
proviso, it was agreed to, on a division—ayes 21,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
striking out the whole of that provision, as it is
contained in the bill, and inserting the amendment
which has been read.
Mr. PEARCE. I consider the striking out of
that proviso as a rejection of the committee's
amendment, and therefore I will not press it
further, but will withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. Being an amendment re-
ported by a committee, it cannot be withdrawn.
It must be disposed of by the Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I propose now to amend page
six, line nine, in the bill, by striking out the words |
" the rate," and inserting in lieu thereof the words :
" seventy-five per cent, upon the amount." I will i
explain the amendment. It is proposed to have
a semi-monthly service from Panama to San Fran-
cisco, instead of the monthly service we now have,
for which we pay $200,000 a year. The provis-
ion, as it now stands, authorizes the Secretary to
contract for a semi-monthly service, allowing for
the additional service an amount equivalent to that
which we now pay for a monthly service. I sup-
pose there will be no objection to the amendment,
allowing but three fourths of that amount instead
of the maximum.
Mr. YULEE. I am inclined to think that fifty
per cent, will be sufficient. I would inquire if the
committee have examined into the matter, and
looked into the ability of the parties, and their
willingness to perform it for less than seventy-five
per cent.?
Mr. PEARCE. The committee have not been
able to ascertain as yet. The chairman saw one
of the contracting parties, and was of opinion
they would come down this amount, and possibly
more. But this authorizes the Secretary to con-
tract at the rate of seventy-five per cent., and he
has authority to contract for a less rate; but I dare
say, if we make seventy-five per cent, the maxi-
mum, the contractors will make it the minimum.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following additional section:
Jlnd also provided, further, That the Secretary of the
Navy and the Postmaster General be authorized, by and
with the consent of the contracting parties respectively, to
rearrange the running of the United States mail steamships,
so as to afford more direct dispatch between the ports of the
United States and the Isthmusof Panama: Provided, That
L the Postmaster General shall maintain a semi-monthly mail
between Charleston, Savannah, and Havana, during the
continuance of the Sloo contract, and also make the service
from Panama to California and Oregon conform with the
service required by the existing contract on the Atlantic
side of the isthmus, by increasing the trips of the Pacific
line to semi-monthly: Provided, That the said increased
service on the Pacific side shall be at a rate not exceeding
seventy-five per cent, upon the amount now paid for Pacific
service, and to be performed in steamships built according
to the specifications, and subject to all the clauses of the A.
Harris eontract beneficial to the United States. And the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized to include in the
arrangement such a provision for the transportation of the
letter-mails only, in the steamships of the Baid contractors
running between New York and CUagres, as in liis opinion
the public service may demand, not exceeding in the whole
the amount herein limited.
It is supposed that these contractors, who own
ships on the Pacific line, and also have vessels
running from New York to Chagres, may be in- ,
duced, without additional charge, to take the letter-
mails that accumulate between the sailing of Laws'
line and that of their own, which is two days. I
suppose there will be no objection to the amend-
ment. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment
which I am instructed to offer, which is to insert
the following:
Jlnd provided, further, That the compensation for the
semi-monthly service already performed between Panama
and California and Oregon, and for such service for the
coming year, shall not exceed three fourths the usual rate
at which additional mail service may be ordered under ex-
isting laws, and shall be paid out of any unexpended balance
of money heretofore appropriated for mail steam service.
This is vn reference to past services, and such
as may ^performed during the present year. The
Postmaster General made the arrangement that
they should be paid, if Congress would authorize
it, at a rate not exceeding that now allowed for
past services. It is proposed to put it at three
! fourths that rate, retaining past service upon the
same footing as compensation for future service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The next amendment which I
am instructed to offer is to strike out from the
word "provided" in line 20 to the word "con-
tractors in line 26, in the 6th section. It is pro-
posed to be stricken out, as it does not properly
belong to this section, and it will be reinstated
hereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment
which I am instructed to offer, to strike out all
of page 6 after line 27, and insert the following:
Provided. That whenever a better route between the At-
lantic and Pacific oceans is established, the Secretary of the
j Navy and the Postmaster General are authorized to agree
j with the present contractors for the Pacific line to change
1; the terminus of the additional semi-monthly service hereby
authorized, bo as to secure the advantage of increased dis-
patch and economy ; and in case the reduction of compen-
sation for the change of service be not agreed on between
the parties, tile same shall lie referred to Congress ; and the
Postmaster General is also authorized to make correspond-
ing arrangements with the present contractors for the trans-
portation of the mail from New York to Chagres for the
change of the terminus of their route ; and, until such bet-
ter route be established, the Postmaster General shall be
and hereby is authorized to enter into contracts, or to make
suitable arrangements for transporting the mails between
Chagres and Panama with regularity and dispatch: Pro
ridctl, The rate of compensation shall not exceed twenty-
two cents per pound, and shall cease on the establishment
of any new route between the two oceans offering greater
dispatch and economy.
I suppose it is hardly necessary to read the sec-
tion proposed to be stricken out, because the very
same thing is accomplished by the amendment, it
being only putin different words. The intention is
to authorize the Postmaster General to change the
termini of the route, if a different overland one
shall be secured. Our mails are now carried across
the isthmus by an officer of the Granadian Gov-
ernment, who performs the service very badly.
Our mails are very heavy. The last one that went
from New York weighed over twelve thousand
pounds. The contractor, being unable to carry all
the mail, sometimes leaves twenty or thirty bags
behind. This amendment authorizes the Post-
master General, without impairing the contract
which we have with New Granada, to make such
an arrangement, with the consent of all the parties,
as to have the mails carried by other routes by the
owners of these lines—those gentlemen who are
now executing the contract for a railroad across
the isthmus. I hope there will be no objection to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. There is a provision in the bill
in the following words: " For preparing for pub-
lication the American Nautical Almanac, §19,400."
I now propose an amendment, as I am instructed
by the committee, to add to that the following:
Provided, That the officer in charge of said work shall
receive the same compensation as the officer in charge of
the National Observatory.
This was regularly estimated for, and favorably
reported upon by the committee of the House,
but disagreed to by the House. The committee
of the Senate recommend its insertion. It merely
proposes to put the officer having charge of the
Nautical Almanac upon the same footing as the
officer having charge of the Observatory.
Mr. CLEMENS. I shall move to strike out
the appropriation for the Nautical Almanac. I am
told bythose who know, that these Nautical Alma-
nacs can be bought for sixpence apiece, yet it is
| now proposed to appropriate nearly $20,000 for
the purpose of providing for their publication.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Alabama is
a little mistaken as to the price, but that does not
make much difference. There is a Nautical Al-
manac for which calculations are made in Great
Britain on which navigators very much rely, but
it was thought by Congress, after mature delibera-
tion, that it was desirable to have a Nautical Al-
manac of our own, and not to be dependent upon
the calculations of foreign astronomers and savans.
This is a matter of scientific pride. It is some-
thing more than that. It is but right that a great
commercial and maritime nation like this, taking
into consideration our domestic and foreign com-
merce, taking into consideration the fact that we
have the largest tonnage of any nation on earth,
should have a National Observatory and a Nauti-
cal Almanac, which is necessary to complete our
system of navigation. I will not expatiate on the
subject. I hope the appropriation will be retained,
and the amendment adopted.
Mr. CLEMENS. It is plainly admitted by the
Senator from Maryland that this is a mere matter
of national pride. I think it is " paying too dear
for the whistle." We are paying $20,000 for the
almanac, and it is proposed to pay this officer in
addition about $2,000.
Mr. PEARCE. Only about $1,500 in addi-
tion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I think it is a post captain's
pay that he is to get. When I move to strike out
the appropriation, 1 shall ask the yeas and nays
on it.
Mr. PEARCE. It is indispensable to naviga-
tion that this almanac should be made, for a.ship
cannot navigate without it any more than it can
without a chart.
Mr. CLEMENS. An appropriation was made
