THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $150 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Cokoiess, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 8, 1851.
New Series No. 53.
tut year for tliis almanac, but it has not yet made
its appearance.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator cannot say that
the almanac has never been made.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word with re-
gard to the amendment which the committee pro-
pose, and I want to say it in justice to some other
officers of the Navy. The officer, if I understand
the matter rightly, who is preparing this almanac
is a lieutenant in the Navy. All the other lieuten-
ants in the Navy receive, I believe, *1,500.
Mr. CLEMENS. *1,200.
Mr. PEARCE. #1,500.
Mr. HALE. They receive #1,500. Now, the
Senator from Maryland says we have established
• National Observatory. Well, it would be a very
curious thing to look back and see how that Ob-
servatory has grown up from a- " depot for
charts" to be a " light-house in the skies. There
was never any act to establish that Observatory,
bat it has gradually grown up to what it is. The
lieutenant that is in charge of that is put upon the
same pay as a commander, which I believe is
#3,000 a year, and now you propose to give #3,000
a year, to a lieutenant who is to prepare this Nau-
tical Almanac; and I believe the bill also proposes
to give #3,000 to some lieutenant who is making
experiments in gunnery. Here are three lieu-
tenants in the Navy who are staying at home by
their own firesides, provided by the Government
with quarters and everything necessary to make
them comfortable, who are to receive #3,000 a
year, while other officers, who are sent all over
the world to battle with every clime and every
season, are to receive but #1,500 or #1,800 a year.
I think it is unjust, highly unjust, to that merito-
rious class of our officers, to put them on severe
fereign duty at the lowest pay, and keep these
other gentlemen at home living in ease, furnished
with quarters, fuel, and rent by the Government,
and paid at the same time double the amount you
give to those that you put upon the hardest duty.
I think this amendment is exceedingly unjust, and
1 hope it will not meet the approbation of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator is mistaken in
some things. This officer is a lieutenant. I know
him well. But the Senator is mistaken in suppos-
ing that he lives in ease and luxury. A more ac-
complished man does not live. He possesses as
high scientific acquirements as any man in our
Navy or in any other Navy. So far from living
in that ease and luxury of which the Senator has
spoken, he is devoting himself to the severest in-
tellectual toil of which he is capable. In that par-
ticular branch, I venture to say that he cannot be
surpassed by anybody else. It is reasonable that
these accomplishments should be estimated a little
higher than thecommon,ordinaryacquirements of
sea-going officers. It has been supposed to be but
just to reward extraordinary accomplishments and
learning qf this sort, which require great intellec-
tual toil, by additional compensation. It has
been done with regard to Mr. Maury, who is the
junior of this officer. Mr. Davis is his senior,
and I see no good reason why we should not al-
low him this additional compensation. I think we
had better allow it this year, even if we cut down
all the salaries next year.
Mr. HALE. I do not think so.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall vote against the
amendment of the committee, because I have laid
down the rule to expend no more of the public
money than is absolutely necessary. Let us have
luxuries when we have a surplus in the Treasury
to pay for them, and not until then.
The question being taken on the amendment,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Menrs., Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Greene, Mason,
Miller, Morton, Pearce, Rantoul, Rhett, Smith, Spruance,
and Wales—ie!
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Chase, Clay, Clem-
ens, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs,
Fslch, Foote, Bale, Hamlin, Jonas, King, Norris, Pratt,
S3
Seward, SouW, Underwood, Upham, Walker, Whitcomb,
and Yulee—24.
So it was rejected.
Mr. CLEMENS. I now move to strike out the
appropriation of #19,400 for the publication of the
Nautical Almanac.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope that will not he done.
I think we ought to preserve our own Nautical
Almanac.
Mr CLEMENS asked for the yeas and navs;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Chase, Clay, CHenens, Dodge of Iowa, Felch, Foote, Hale,
Jones, Norris, Busk, Soulo, Underwood, Walker, and
Whitcomb—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Cooper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis «f Mississippi, Dawson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Swing, Greene, Hamlin, King, Mason,
Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Rantoul, Rhett, Seward, Smith,
Spruance, Upham, Wales, and Yulee—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The next amendment I am in-
structed by the committee to offer is to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That in time of peace, or while
war is not threatened, the steamers employed in carrying
the United States mail between New York and Liverpool
shall be placed under th  exclusive control of and officered
by the contractors, (E. K. Collins ami his associates,) pro-
vided the same shall be done with tne consent of the con-
ractors.
The object of that amendment is to relieve the
New York and Liverpool line of steamers, with
their consent, from the obligations of taking out
certain officers of the Navy. If the owners of
these lines consent to dispense with these officers,
the amendment is to allow them to do it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The next amendment I have
to offer is to strike out the appropriation for a naval
depot at New Orleans. There was an appropria-
tion in the bill as it came from the House of
|84,00Q to be applied to a naval depdt at that place.
The committee thought there was no necessity for
it, and that it would be unnecessarily multiplying
these depots, and they therefore thought it proper
j to move to strike it out.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk, announc-
ing that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the Army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. YULEE. I am inclined to think that the
Committee on Finance have made a recommenda-
tion here which ought not to be supported. Ithink
it very probable that New Orleans will be a very
valuable and important naval depot. When it is
considered that therl is but one naval depot upon
the Gulf of Mexico, and when we consider the
extensive commerce of that Gulf, that New Or-
leans is the point where it concentrates, and to a
great extent the point from which provisions
and supplies are to be obtained, and that labor
can most conveniently be obtained there, it seems
to me to be of the first importance that we should
have some establishment there, convenient to the
navy-yard at Pensacola, from which supplies
might be drawn at all times. It will be recollected
that while upon the Atlantic coast, within a very
short compass, there are a number of very ex-
pensive naval establishments, there is upon the
whole Gulf of Mexico, with all the vast com-
merce that concentrates there, but one naval estab-
lishment. I can conceive of no more proper and
economical object of appropriation than that for
the continuation of the naval depot which has al-
ready been commenced at New Orleans. That is
the point at which the whole commerce of the Gulf
concentrates, and where the produce of the west-
ern valley takes its departure to be exchanged for
the productions of the world. The appropriation
is very small, and I think should remain.
Mr. PEARCE. Our naval vessels have no oc-
casion to go up the Mississippi. We have al-
ready a navy yard at Pensacola. We have a
naval establishment at Memphis, which is, I think,
a sort of depot and ropewalk. Naval vessels do
not go up to New Orleans. The establishment at
Pensacola is sufficient for the present purposes of
the service.
Mr. SOULE. I hope the amendment proposed
by the committee will not prevail. < It seems tome
to be very strange that there should be so much
opposition to the establishment of the naval depot
at New Orleans. There is certainly no place on
the whole southern coast where provisions, and
whatever may be necessary for naval vessels lying
in these waters, can be supplied at such a cheap rate,
and with such facilities, as at New Orleans. This
matter has been thoroughly investigated by the De-
partment, and I do not see what could have in-
duced the Committee on Finance to report to strike
out the appropriation made by the House, and
recommended by the Department. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope this amendment will be
rejected. I do not see why it is that the commit-
tee, in their economy, should try to upset the
usual appropriations. It seems to me they are
traveling a great deal out of their way. This is
no new project. The lot has been purchased for
the depot, and plans have been procured for the
building. Of all places in the United States I do
not suppose there is one where sailors can be en-
listed with more facility than at New Orleans.
It is most suitable also for laying in supplies of
coal, provisions, and many other things. I do not
understand why we should cut off everything from
the West, and especially from New Orleans.
There has been great injustice done by this Gov-
ernment to New Orleans in matters of favoritism.
I hope it will cease. I do not understand why
this great port should be thrown out on every oc-
casion. It has been customary with Secretaries
and other officers to do it, but I trust Congress will
not also do it. During the Mexican war the ves-
sels of the navy in that quarter of the Gulf, which
had not supplies of coal and other things, obtained
them at New Orleans. I am astonished at this
proposition. I wonder how such a fit of economy
should have struck the committee just at this time.
They had added to the bill hundreds of thousands
of dollars, and I suppose, being a little ashamed of
their work, struck out this appropriation which the
House had put in. I cannot explain it in any
other way. I protest againBt it.
Mr. CLAY. We have done without this es-
tablishment at New Orleans for fifty years, and we
can do without it for a year or two longer. I feel
j as favorably disposed towards that great city as
any man in the Union; but under the circumstan-
ces, I must vote to strike out the appropriation.
Mr. BRIGHT. I had no idea that the Senator
- from Louisiana would exhibit so much feeling in
| relation to this matter. I concurred with the com-
! mittee in striking out this appropriation, for the
reason that no evidence was given to show the ab-
solute necessity of this establishment at this time.
Nor do I think the honorable Senator has given any
substantial reason in the remarks he has mttde
why it should be continued. The committee were
obliged to recommend the borrowing of money.
It became actually necessary in order to carry on
the Government, that Treasury notes should be
issued. In that state of things we ought to make
an effort at economy. Instead of adding we have
subtracted wherever we thought it possible to do
so without inconvenience to the public service.
This was one of the appropriations which we
thought might be taken from the bill without at
all interfering with the public service. In this
exigency we thought our friends at New Orleans-
could wait a little longer, until we had more money
in the Treasury, or until they made out a better
case, before we made this appropriation.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not understand why a
naval depot would not be as useful at New Orleans
as anywhere else. If you dispense with them all,
it is another question. But I do not see any reason
why you should dispense with this one at this
particular time, while none of the other expenses
are retrenched. I think this is a very strange pro-
ceeding. I hope if this appropriation is stricken
out, the House will not concur in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEAJR.CE. I have another amendment to
offer, to insert in page 10, line 7, after "one hun-
