834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
dred" the words "and fifty." I will briefly ex- !
plain the necessity for this change. The Secretary
of the Navy sent in ail estimate for the navy-yard
at New York for a large amount—$256,500. The
House of Representatives reduced the appropria-
tion to $100,000. The Committee on Finance had
not time, as a committee, to examine this item
thoroughly, and they therefore submitted that duty
to me. While I, as a member of the committee,
make this motion, I have to say that it has not
subsequently undergone the action of the commit-
tee. The reason why I propose to increase the
amount from $100,000 to $150,000 is this: It is
necessary that the dry-dock there should be com-
pleted by putting in iron gates, which are very
expensive. This is absolutely necessary to the
utility and safety of the dock. These gates will
cost about $38,000. There is also a large engine-
house exposed to decay and the weather with the
walls up, and to finish it will cost about $22,000.
The committee thought these items ought to be
added to the amount in the bill. They thought,
too, that some items might be retrenched. They
therefore allowed the sum of $50,000 instead of
$60,000 for these two objects. This amendment
reduces the estimate for the New York navy-yard
by $106,000, which the committee thought was :
the largest reduction the public service would ad- !
mit it. '
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to inquire of the !
honorable Senator from Maryland if iron gates
are not something new in the construction of
docks ? |
Mr. PEARCE. Not at all. j
Mr. HALE. How is it at Charlestown?
Mr. PEARCE. They must have iron gates.
It is the only proper moae of closing up a stone
dock. I understand from the chief of the bureau
of docks that these iron gates are absolutely neces-
sary.
Mr. DOWNS. I thought it was very strange
that the appropriation for New Orleans should be
taken away. Now it is explained, for we see that
it is transferred to New York. That is the man-
ner in which New Orleans and the South have al-
ways been treated in regard to these matters. I
hope the House will insist on the bill as they sent
it to us, and not agree to these amendments of the
Senate. The committee did not want to increase
the amount of appropriations, and so they cut off
the appropriation for New Orleans to give it to
New York.
Mr. DICKINSON. I think my friend from ;
Louisiana is a little more sectional on this occa-
sion than becomes a compromise man. [Laugh-
ter.] As far as my action is concerned, I have al-
ways been very liberal towards New Orleans, and
I believe such has been the action of Congress.
But here is a great work in New York, and, like
most public works, the expenditures have exceed-
ed the estimates. It always is so, and always will
be so until a different system is adopted. This
money is mostly due to pay the honest laborers
who have done the work. I hope it will be sus-
tained.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana speaks of sectional considerations.
They have not governed me at all with regard to
either New Orleans or New York. But tlie cases
are vastly different. One is a work under con-
tract still existing. A part of the appropriation
has been made to carry it on, and to pay for the
labor already performed. The sum asked for by
the committee is something more than $100,000
less than the estimates. We exercised the same
economy in this item that we did in regard to New
Orleans. We took away $80,000 from New Or-
leans and cut this down $106,000.
Mr. DOWNS. I think there was an increase
in this item.
Mr. PEARCE. The committee increased the
allowance of the House, but with their amend-
ment the item will be $106,000 less than the esti-
mate# which came from the Navy Department.
Mr. DOWNS. This is to be taken away from
New Orleans to be given to New York. I hope
we shall have a committee a little more southern
next time.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is taking away these
$106,000 from New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to allow me to report the post route
No objection being made— i
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post |
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
bill to establish certain post roads in the United
States, reported the same back with amendments.
The amendments of the committee were agreed
to, and the bill having been further amended, on
the motion of Mr. Hale it was reported to the
Senate. The amendments made in the Committee
of the Whole were concurred in, and the amend-
ments ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. It was subsequently read a
third time and passed.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall now offer the last amend-
ment of the committee. It is to add to the bill:
And he it further enacted. That the Secretary of theNavy
be authorized to pay to E. K. Collins and his associates, for
the future conveyance of the mails between New York and
Liverpool, at the rate of ,>-600,000 per annum: Provided,
That the increase of compensation hereby allowed may at
any time be discontinued by authority of Congress.
I will briefly state to the Senate the reasons
which have induced me to offer that amendment.
I believe I am warranted in saying, that if this
line of steamers from New York to Liverpool does
not receive some additional compensation from the
Government it must break down. The profits at
present do not sustain it. The proprietors are
annually incurring a considerable loss. At the
same time it is the only one of our lines of mail
steamers which pays by the receipts of postage.
The receipts by this line for the month of Febru-
ary were nearly $4f,000, and they have been con-
stantly and rapidly increasing, so that the postage
receipts at the rate of last month, if carried through
the year, will very nearly pay the compensation
proposed to be given by the amendment. Another
consideration is, that the sum allowed to these
steamers is less, in proportion to their tonnage,
than is allowed to any other mail steamers. Their
ships were to be three thousand tons burden.
They, however, built larger ones than they were
obliged to build, some of them being six thousand
tons burden. We only allow them thirty-six dol- !
Iars per ton, while we allow some other lines sixty
dollars. But the principal point to be considered
by the Senate is this: A great rivalry exists between
the British power and our own upon the ocean,
particularly between these two great points, Liver-
pool and New York. It is, therefore, a national
matter—a matter of national importance. We
should sustain the greatest line of ocean steamers
which we have in this country, and the only one
which is in competition, and which is a most
formidable competitor, with the line supported by
the British Government by a most lavish expendi-
ture from their Treasury.
Mr. SOULE. I rise to a question of order.
Has there been any estimate for this?
Mr. PEARCE. There have been letters re-
ceived from the Secretary of the Navy. I do not !
know whether the Senate will consider the one j
which I now hold in my hand as a precise esti- '
mate. But it is a letter in which he says:
" Understanding from E. K. Collins, esq., that the Com- '
mittee on Naval Affairs propose to pay him at the rate of
$600,000 per annum, I have the honor to suggest that, if
such be the determination of Congress, there will he needed
a further appropriation of $200,000."
Mr. SOULE. I submit to the Chair whether
that be an estimate? ;
Mr. PEARCE. I would be glad if the Chair
would read the rule, that I may answer the point
of order which the Senator has raised. I will not
argue the point now, but will submit to the decis-
ion of the President of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Maryland, that as this is a proposition likely
to lead to discussion, and as there are a number
of amendments from the Naval Committee, many
of which look to reform and retrenchment, and
will not lead to a discussion, but which may be
lost if they are postponed by a long discussion
upon a controverted matter, the propriety of with-
drawing his amendment until those amendments
which may be offered by the Naval Committee
can be acted upon.
Mr. PEARCE. I prefer obtaining the decision
of the Chair upon this point of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
rule adopted for the government of the Senate at
this session with regard to the appropriation bills.
It is:
" No amendment proposing an additional appropriation
shall be received to any general appropriation hill, unless
it be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments; and no amendment
shall be received whose object is to provide for a private
claim, although the same may have been previously sanc-
tioned by the Senate."
In the construction of this rule, as the Senate
know, upon one occasion the Chair submitted it
to the Senate. They decided in that case that the
proposition could not be received. In conformity
with that decision, the Chair on a second occasion
decided against receiving a proposition made by a
Senator from Mississippi. On a third occasion,
when the same point of order was raised on an
amendment, the Chair intimated strongly, and
perhaps went so far as to decide as in the first in-
stance; but, in consequence of his belief that it
rested with the Senate themselves to construe this
rule, which they had adopted for their government,
and that it did not become absolutely necessary
for the Chair to decide, he left it to the Senate, and
they determined to receive a proposition which
theChair thought conflicted directly with therule—
the Senate differing from the Chair. The Chair,
therefore, will pursue the same course with regard
to this, and submit to the Senate whether the letter
which the Senator has read is such an estimate as
to justify him in offering this amendment. The
Chair submits that question to the decision of the
Senate.
Mr. PEARCE. There is an existing law pro-
viding for the conveyance of the mails in the
steamships between New York and Liverpool.
These steamships are in fact the property of the
Government, having been conveyed to the Gov-
ernment for certain advances and being liable to
become solely and exclusively the property of the
Government. I submit, therefore, that an appro-
priation to prevent the breaking down of this line
will be to carry into effect an existing law.
Mr. HUNTER. The appropriation itself must
be to carry out an existing law.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no existing law re-
quiring the extra compensation.
The Senate decided not to receive the amend-
ment by a vote of ayes 19, noes 21.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ment:
•And te it further enacted, That the Secretary of th«
Navy be directed to cause the wreck of the steamer Mis-
souri to be removed from the harbor of Gibraltar, in such
mode as he shall deem expedient, by contract or otherwise;
and that $80,000 be and hereby is appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, or such
sum as may be necessary to defray the expense of removing
said wreck.
That is in pursuance of a recommendation from
the State Department. One of our steamships was
sunk in the harbor of Gibraltar, and the British
authorities have insisted on its removal, as it ia a
great inconvenience to them. I suppose there can
be no doubt about the propriety of it.
Mr. YULEE. I rise to a question of order as
to this amendment. There is no existing law au-
thorizing it. This is a subject which has hereto-
fore been much controverted. The Naval Com-
mittee reported this amendment at the last session,
and the Senate decided against it. I think it had
better come up as an independent proposition. It
is a matter which ought to go to the Naval Com-
mittee for their consideration. I would suggest to
the Chair that the proposition does not come within
the rule.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia says it is in conformity with an estimate.
Mr. YULEE. Does the Chair understand that
if a Department estimates for an object not au-
thorized by an existing law, an amendment based
on that estimate may be received and acted on by
the Senate ?
i The CHAIR read the rule again.
! Mr. YULEE. I withdraw the objection.
| Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say that this is
recommended by the Department, ana required by
the British Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
! A message was received from the House of
j Representatives by Mr. Young, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed Senate bill
; authorizing an additional terra of the United States
j Circuit and District Courts, to be held at Chicago,
I in the district of Illinois, with an amendment; and
1 that they had adopted a resolution to suspend the
