1851.  
Her* a a man, venerable by public service* I
Mr*<afo** re«d#r*d to the country, not I«m than )
t>r ha  Jnr^.-nl a;* and the high moral qnaiiUM
which M has constantly evinced throughout a
lu<i£ arm of dignity ana of awfubirM, who has
enii-rrai tmo a toninct with Cowrtn for the «•-
NUN of lb* puttie printing. This contract be
bi iutbfiiOr performed, as the Printing Corannl-
Kr <n"the other House formally reported but three
<lar  >10, This cotutct turn* out in the course
U its execution to be of a moat oppressive char-
acter. It baa involved biro in moat serious debt*,
am!, unless you relieve biro by your generosity,
ha nun a inevitable. He will not only be unable
to carry on your own work, but the patriotic
•ewspaper which be haa ao long conducted with
honor to himscW and advantage to the country
must cease to be published. The very means
which the publication of that paper would have
supplied for his own support have been already
exhausted in the efforts made faithfully to carry
into effect the burdensome contract referred to.
The press «f the Union must stop; all the property
of its respected editor must be at once transferred
to trustees for the benefit of his generous credit-
ors, and even the little which he has accumulated
ii the course of a Ion? and laborious life must be
entirely swept away from him. If yon refuse him
relief, you consign one of the best men of the Re-
public, and the large family dependent upon him,
to utter poverty, but, thank God, not to disgrace.
Poor he will be; but still conscious of inward
purity of heart, and proud of having done nothing
at any period of his life of a nature to subject him
to deserved discredit. Unparalyred by your hos-
tility, he will go elsewhere to seek honorable em-
ployment for t£e maintenance of that family. And
do you not fee!, sir, that the sympathies of a just
and generous people will follow htm in his retire-
ment? This man is no stranger among us. For
four-seven rears has he labored for the dissemi-
nation of political troth, and for the maintenance
of our noble institutions, as no other man besides
himself has ever beat known to do. Hia name
is not unknown amidst the twenty-three millions
of Americana who inhabit this broad land of ours,
extending from tbe Pacific to the Atlantic. The
story of his sufferings has already aroused a deep
interest in the pubuc mind, from Maine to Cali-
fornia. Strenuous party man as he has been, yet
his case is such as to excite the sympathy of the
good and the liberal-minded of all parties.
Why, sir, should this venerable man be hunted
down? How has he deserved the cruel fate to which
he has been subjected? For forty-s* en years
was he a resident of Richmond as the editor of a
newspaper closely associated with the peculiar
glories which have lent splendor to the annals of
that ancient Commonwealth; and, whilst acting in
this capacity, it has been his happiness at all
' times to number among his best and most devoted
friends many of the most worthy members of the
party to which he stood opposed. Though at dif-
ferent periods of his editorial life, whilst engaged
in the fearless discharge of his duties as the advo-
cate of what he deemed sound principles of gov-
ernment, he has occupied a position calculated to
invite every species of attack which partisan ma-
lignity could deviae, yet has his integrity never
been questioned. No blot stains his escutcheon as
a private gentleman. He has enjoyed the confi-
dence of a Jefferson and a Madison, in the best
and brightest days of the Republic. The former
has awarded an imperishable tribute to him, as
appears by the fourth volume of his correspond-
ence. Mr. Madison honored him not less by his
public commendation than byhis confidential cor-
respondence. He came to Washington in 1845,
in opposition to his own inclinations, and at the
earnest invitation of Mr. Polk, hoping to mend
his pecuniary condition, which had been rendered
seriously uncomfortable, not by acts of his own,
but by the indiscretions of others. How he has
demeaned himself since he became a resident of
Washington, is known to the world. Mr. Polk
was his firm, steadfast, and affectionate friend,
and the name of Thomas Ritchie is intimately as-
sociated with every striking incident in his bril-
liant administrative career. When in these latter
days a perilous question arose to darken the delib-
erations of this Hall, he did not retire ingloriously
to his tent, but came forth with other warriors to
mingle in the hottest of the fray, not fearing any
attack, nor fearing any consequences that might
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
personally betide himself, but desirous, above all 1
things, to save the Union of the States and the
rights of the States from detriment and from dis-
honor. He mar have erred, either in his views
of men or of principles at this crisis; but he did in
all respects what his conscience dictated to him;
and his conduct, I am confident, will bear the
strictest scrutiny.
Why, I repeat, should this patriotic and virtu-
ous man be sacrificed ? He has lost thousands in
the honest effort to carry out an ill-starred con-
tract. Shall his country, or shall its enlightened
representatives,now consent to strip him of every-
thing, whilst they are profiting bjr the work he
has performed, and deriving benefit even from the
ruin which is staring him in the face ?
He asks you for relief, and what sort of relief?
The resolution of the House of Representatives
allows him only half the price that was paid for
the public printing in 1819. The last resolution
passed by Congress in 1846 stipulated 33 J per
cent, below the prices of 1819. John C. Rives
demanded 28 per cent, reduction during last Spring.
Your Printing Committee proposed to pay Mr.
Ritchie 35 per cent, less on short numbers and 45
per cent, less on long numbers than these same
prices of 1919. The civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill on your table allows Mr. Gideon
many thousands beyond his contract for printing
a volume on commerce and navigation, and it al-
lows him 35 per cent, reduction on the prices of
1819. Mr. Gales, the experienced editor of the
National Intelligencer, was frank and liberal
enough to say, on Saturday last, that, according
to the terms of this 50 per cent, resolution, as af-
fairs are managed in his well-regulated establish-
ment, be would not be able, in his opinion, to make
£5,000 under it—and this on the work of two ses-
sions of Congress. Mr. Seaton declares that he
would not take the printing of the next Congress
at 50 per cent, reduction, and that at 40 per cent,
he should scarcely expect to make any profit.
Thus, whilst this contract price would ruin Mr.
Ritchie, and this resolution would only allow him
a small profit, it seems that there are some gentle-
men here who grudge him even that.
Can a just and high-minded people demand such
a sacrifice and such a victim ? And is any gentle-
man surprised that we, sitting here in the name of
the country, should firmly adhere to our deter-
mination to do justice, though, perchance, the pub-
lic interests may be fated to suffer somewhat from
a little delay in the course of our legislative pro-
ceedings ? But to whom, I pray, is this delay at-
tributable ? Who are they that throw themselves
into the path, and obstruct the regular prosecution
of the public business? Jf>, who are the friends
and advocates of justice, or those who persecute
the innocent and struggle to destroy the upright?
If you crush Mr. Ritchie, you arrest by the
same act the completion of the public printing.
AH the documents on hand must remain unfin-
ished. The Patent Office reports of the two ses-
sions cannot issue; he has not the means to finish
them or the other documents now in his hands.
He is deeply indebted for the work that is already
done. He cannot, as a conscientious man, add a
dollar to the debt which he now owes his kind,
sympathizing creditors. And he begs me to say,
with that frankness which belongs to his character,
and that justice which he owes to you, that if you
deny him relief, you ought before you adjourn to
provide some other arrangements for the consum-
mation of the work which is now in his hands.
It is impossible for him to go on with his present
means.
Recollect, if you please, what took place during
your last recess; and recollect, too, what occurred
onlv a twelvemonth ago. Mr. Ritchie, so soon as
he found what a ruinous contract he had entered
into, proposed to make a new arrangement for the
execution of the public printing. He exacted
every moment during that long session that Con-
gress would act upon the subject. He offered to
place his contract at your feet, and he continued
to implore relief at your hands until the Inst day
of the session. He was tantalized from time to
time with the prospect of some new arrangement,
executing his contract all the while with singular
industry and fidelity, up to the very moment of
your final adjournment. The effort to relieve him
then failed, as all present here well recollect; and
you, sir, well recollect, too, thaton Sunday night—
the night before our adjournment—he went to con-
sult you in regard to the vast quantity of work
whicn remained in his hands, ana as to the course
which it would be proper for him to pursue in re-
lation to it. He told you that he did not feel that
he should be acting fairly towards Congress if he
did not apprise us, even at that last hour, that it
would be necessary for us to make some new ar-
rangement to carry on the printing; that he had
pre|>ared a letter several days before, announcing
to Congress this condition of things, which letter
was then in the hands of a friend, ready to be pre-
sented to the House the moment the question of
relief should be decided against him; but, that de-
cision not having been made until after midnight,
the letter had not been delivered. You will recol-
lect, sir, also, that you advised him, with that
frankness and discretion which you will permit
me to say have distinguished your whole public
course, to address to the Senate a letter, bringing
to the notice of this body all the facts of the case,
so soon as we should assemble the next morning.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Dickinson]
will remember that Mr. Ritchie did address to him
such a communication, and requested him to lay
its contents before the Senate; but that Senator, a
true and steady friend of Mr. Ritchie, acting ac-
cording to the best lights before him, declined a
submission of the letter to our consideration.
TTiusMr. Ritchie was left with an unprecedented
quantity of work on his hands, Congress having
voted no additional means to carry it on—nay,
having passed a resolution that he should not be
paid during the recess for the publication of the
Taylor pamphlet, which pamphlet he had printed
in the face of his own letter to the House of Rep-
sentatives; the printing of it having been forced
upon him under the existing contract—a contract
that would have allowed him near $60,000; though
he now offers to abandon that whole claim, as well
as to reimburse you at least f10,000, in addition,
on another job of the same description, if you will
but grant him the relief contemplated by the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives. Under
these embarrassing circumstances, Mr. Ritchie
could never have gone on with the work during;
the period of your late recess, had not a friend,
whose munificence and whose means are both in
every man's mouth, come forward gratuitously
and supplied him with the facilities for the execu-
tion of his contract. Then Mr. Ritchie deter-
mined to spare no pains or expense which might
be requisite to the execution of the task before
him, so far as it might be possible to perform it
anterior to our reassembling in December last.
He filled his own rooms with workmen. He made
an effort to enlist all the other offices in Washing-
ton in his service. They were not able to do much
for him. He then sent agents to Philadelphia and
New York to pat out large quantities of the work
there at prices far beyond his contract terms. In a
word Mr. Ritchie endeavored to do his duty as ener-
getically as he could. He declared in his papAr that
he should make it a " debt of honor" upon Con-
gress. You know best how you are now paying
it. But, now, sir, the same scene cannot be acted
over again if you this day refuse him relief. You
owe it to your constituents, if you will not act
favorably on this resolution, to adopt some other
arrangement for the execution of the public print-
ing during the approaching recess. How, if you
now refuse him relief, can you expect him to carry
on the public printing? Indebted to the generous
friend already referred to from $20,000 to $30,000,
besides the pressure of other heavy debts not in-
cluded in this sum, how con he again have recourse
to his liberal benefactor? With what face could
he ask him to add debt to debt upon the precarious
hope that ten or twelve months hence he might by
possibility succeed in obtaining that justice to-day
denied to him ? I am authorized to say he has al-
ready exhausted his own means and the means of
his sons in your service. To whom can hi apply
now for aid, if turned adrift again this day upon
that ocean of uncertainty upon whicUe has so
long been floating ? I will not believe that«his en-
lightened body will refuse justice to one so meri-
torious, yet so persecuted, as the venerable person-
age in whose behalf I have ventured this day to
address you.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 shall be very far from saying
anything of Mr. Ritchie which can wound him or
his friends, I shall merely give a statement of
facts, as I derive them from the printed documents
which have resulted from the examination of com-
