840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
mittees of Congress. I have no desire to throw
reproach upon the political friends of Mr. Ritchie.
I know how natural it is for them to sympathize
with him, and feel for him in the losses which he
is supposed to have sustained in the execution of
contracts assigned to him as public printer. I
know that a close and firm bond of alliance must
have been formed between them, and that it is
natural gentlemen should feel exceedingly anxious
with regard to the passage of this resolution; but
I believe it to be the duty of the Senate of the
United States not to pass it.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by the hands of Mr. Young, their
Clerk, announcing that the House had suspended
the 17th joint rule, so far as it related to the post-
route bill.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the joint resolution relative to
that rule, in order to allow the bill to be sent to the
President.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Mary-
land will allow us to pass the light-house bill.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from Maryland
will allow me, in a spirit of perfect courtesy and
not of reproach, to say that if he really entertains
the deliberate design to speak beyond the hour
of twelve, it seems to me that we had better turn
our attention to other important subjects.
Mr. PEARCE. I would not say that it is my
design to speak beyond the hour of twelve; but it '
is my design to state the facts in the case as I un-
derstand them, and to make an investigation, 1
though not a very elaborate one. But if the debate
goes on so as to be understood, I do not really
suppose I can get through by that hour.
Mr. FOOTE. I will relinquish the struggle,
and move to lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take the
liberty of presenting a letter which has just been
addressed to him, the contents of which the Sen-
ate ought to understand, in which Mr. Ritchie
states his inability to do the work, and wishes to
be relieved from his obligation. j
Mr. HAMLIN. I have heard that story a great
many times. i
The PRESIDENT. The Chair thought it his
duty to present it to the Senate for their action. i
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the light-house
bill be taken up.
Mr. COOPER. Are there not other bills which ,
have precedence of that?
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to postpone
the previous orders to take up the light-house bill.
Mr. MASON. I ask if it is not the right of ,
the Senate to have that letter read?
The PRESIDENT. It will be read if it is de- \
sired, unless the Senate decide otherwise.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to dispense with
the reading.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that the Speaker of
the House had signed an enrolled bill making ap-
propriations to establish certain post-routes in the
United States and the Territories thereof.
The foregoing bill was then signed by the Pres-
ident of the Senate, and also the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1852, and for other purposes.
THE LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. BRADBURY. I now move that the light-
house bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will pardon
me a single moment. I rise to say that the bill
contains only the ordinary small appropriations
for light-houses, and I think it may be safely put
upon its passage without its reading. It only con-
tains appropriations for about $200,000, while
bills of this character generally contain from half
a million to a million and a half.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and considered by the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole. It was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to make one single ob-
servation. I hope the Senate and the country will
take notice with what facility, with what unanim-
ity, the power to regulate commerce on the sea-
board is exercised, and what opposition is made
to the exercise of the same power in the valley of
the Mississippi.
Mr. HAMLIN. The difference between the
two objects is, that one is well calculated to give
light, and the other is not.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
I A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that the Speaker had
' signed the bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Navy Department for the year ending
June 30, 1852.
The President of the Senate proceeded to sisn
that bill.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that they had passed a
resolution for the appointment of a committee
jointly with such committee as may be appointed
by the Senate to wait upon the President of
the United States, and inform him, that unless
he has further communications to make to the
two Houses of Congress, they are ready to close ,
their session, and have appointed Mr. Jacob
Thompson, Mr. Sciienck, and Mr. McDowell,
the committee on their part.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the Senate
concur in that resolution.
The motion was agreed to, and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Underwood, Mason, and Soule,
the committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move to suspend the
17th joint rule, so far as it relates to the light-
house bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin, from the committee to audit and
control the contingent expenses of the Senate, has
a resolution to offer, to authorize the payment of
extra compensation to our officers. I hope there
will be no objection to passing it now.
The resolution was read.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing that the Speaker had
signed an enrolled bill making an appropriation for
light-houses, and for other purposes.
The foregoing bill was then signed by the Pres-
ident of the Senate.
The question recurred on the resolution.
Mr. WHITCOMB. It is with a great deal of
pain that I make any objection to this resolution.
But, from the ground which I occupied on that
subject at the last session, in opposition to the
principle of such an appropriation, I cannot, con-
sistently with my opinions, suffer that resolution
to pass. If the salaries of these officers are not
sufficient, I am in favor of increasing them, but I
think this mode of compensation is highly objec-
tionable.
Mr. EWING. It is a very little boon.
Mr. HALE, (standing in front of the President's
chair, with two or three of the Senate pages near
him.) I wish one of these boys could answer for
himself; but as they cannot, I hope the Senate
will answer for them.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I wish to make a few
more remarks.
A Senator. It is past twelve o'clock.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Does the Chair decide
that it is past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Baldwin
in the chair.) By my watch it lacks five minutes
of that time.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I have the floor.
Mr. BERRIEN. I ask the Senator to allow
me to offer a resolution. I hope the other resolu-
tion may be laid aside for that purpose.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the unanimous thanks of the Senate be,
and the same are hereby tendered to the honorable William
R. King, for the very able, dignified, and impartial manner
in which he has presided over the deliberatious of the Sen-
ate during the session now about to terminate.
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I only gave way for the
introduction of that resolution. If I had any in-
ducement, so far as regards my personal feelings,
I should allow this resolution to pass. I know it
is an ungracious position that I assume, and noth-
ing reconciles me to it but a sense of duty. And
I have ever made it a rule of my life to follow
where duty calls me.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman will
give way, I will make a report from the joint com-
mittee.
The joint committee appointed by the two
Houses to wait upon the President have performed
that duty. We informed him that we had fin-
ished our legislative duties, and were now ready
to adjourn, if he had no further communication to
make. He informed us that we might say to our
respective Houses that he had no further com-
munication to make to them.
Mr. CLAY. Allow me to say that the resolu-
tion under consideration can be adopted in execu-
tive session.
Mr. BADGER. Exactly; we will take it up
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. having resumed his
seat, rose and said:
Senators: The hour of twelve o'clock having
arrived, the Chair feels bound to adjourn the Sen-
ate. Previous to doing so, it would be doing in-
justice to himself, with the feelings which actuate
nim, if he did not return his sincere thanks to the
Senators generally, for the kindness and courteous-
ness of manner with which they have uniformly
treated him since he has presided over them. He
is aware that on many occasions he may not have
discharged his duties in such a manner as to give
entire satisfaction. But " to err is human." The
Chair can only say, that on all occasions, he has
endeavored so far as he was able to discharge the
duties imposed upon him fairly, honestly, impar-
tially; that on no occasion has he evaded that rule %
which he considered an imperative one, that he
should make no distinction between Senators upon
different sides of this House.
We are now about to part, brother Senators. I
trust we shall be permitted to return in safety to
our respective homes, to enjoy the recess from our
legislative labors, and that we shall return again
after that recess, prepared to labor for the great
interests of the country, and to restore, as far as
possible, that harmony and fraternal feeling which
has hitherto prevailed in this Republic. Senators,
I bid you all farewell!
The Senate stands adjourned sine die.
[For list of Acts, &c., passed, see Appendix.
For proceedings of the extra session of the
Senate, see Appendix.]
This sheet completes the Congressional Globe for the Second Session of the Thirty-First Congress, except the Index,
which will be sent to subscribers as soon bs it can be prepared*
Th^PoNGBESSioNAL Globe and Appendix will be continued at the next session of Congress.
