APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2nd Sess.
Message of the President,
New Series No. 1.
This is the first number of the Appendix to the Con-
qfcs&sionjkl Globe for this Session. I shall print several
thousand surplus copies for the purpose of supplying those
who may subscribe within a reasonable time—say by the
loih of January—with complete copies. The Appendix
will contain the President's the Reports of the
heads of the Departments, and the Speeches of the Mem-
bers of both Houses of Congress, revised by themselves*
The prices for Uus Session are as follow :
For one copy of the Congressional Globe $1 50
For one copy of the Appendix.. *   150
For four copy of either, or of both   5 00
For ten copies of either, or part of both 10 00
MESSAGE
op the
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-citizens of the SttuUe,
and of the House qf Representatives: j
Being suddenly called, in the midst of the last '
session of Congress, by a painful dispensation of !
Divine Providence, to the responsible station which 1
I now hold, I contented myself with such commu- I
nications to the Legislature as the exigency of the '
moment seemed to require. The country was
shrouded in mourning for the loss of its venerated
Chief Magistrate1, and all hearts were penetrated
with grief. Neither the time nor the occasion ap- :
peared to require or to justify, on my part, any ;
general expression of political opinions, or any an-
nouncement of the principles which would govern
me in the discharge of the duties to the perform-
ance of which I had been so unexpectedly called.
I trust, therefore, that it may not be deemed in-
appropriate, if I avail myself of this opportunity
of the reassembling of Congress to make known
my sentiments, in a general manner, in regard to
the policy which ought to be pursued by the Gov-
ernment, both in its intercourse with foreign na- 1
tions, and its management and administration of
internal affairs.
Nations, like individuals in a state of nature, i
are equal and independent, possessing certain
rights, and owing certain duties to each other,
arising from their necessary and unavoidable re-
lations; which rights and duties there is no com- '
moil human authority to protect and enforce.
Still, they are rights and duties binding in morals,
in conscience, and in honor, although there is no
tribunal to which an injured party can appeal but
the disinterested judgment of mankind, and ul-
timately the arbitrament of the sword.
Among the acknowledged rights of nations is
that, which each possesses of establishing that
form of government which it may deem most con-
ducive to the happiness and prosperity of its own [
eitizens; of changing that form, as circumstances
may require; and of managing its internal affairs
according to its own will. The people of the
United States claim this right for themselves,
and they readily concede it to others. Hence it
becomes an imperative duty not to interfere in the
government or internal policy of other nations;
and, although we may sympathize with the un-
fortunate or the oppressed, everywhere, in their
struggles for freedom, our principles forbid us
from taking any part in such foreign contests.
We make no wars to promote or to prevent suc-
cessions to thrones; to maintain any theory of g
balance of power; or to suppress the actual gov-
ernment which any country chooses to establish
for itself. We instigate no revolutions, nor suffer
any hostile military expeditions to be fitted out in
the United States to invade the territory or prov- ,
inces of a friendly nation. The great law of mo- ,
: rality ought to have a national, as well as a per-
sonal and individual, application. We should act
towards other nations as we wish them to act to-
wards us; and justice and conscience should form
the rule of conduct between governments, instead
of mere power, self-interest, or the desire of ag-
grandizement. To maintain a strict neutrality in j
foreign wars, to cultivate friendly relations, to re- >
ciprocate every noble and generous act, and to 1
perform punctually and scrupulously every treaty j
obligation—these are the duties which we owe to i
other States, and by the performance of which I
we best entitle ourselves to like treatment from
them; or if that, in any case, be refused, we can
enforce our own rights with justice and a clear
conscience.
In our domestic policy, the Constitution will be
my guide; and in questions of doubt, I shall look
for its interpretation to the judicial decisions of that '
tribunal which was established to expound it, and !
to the usage of the Government, sanctioned by the j
acquiescence of the country. I regard all its pro- j
visions as equally binding. In all its parts it is the |
will of the people, expressed in the most solemn
form, and the constituted authorities, are but
agents to carry that will into effect. Every power
which it has granted is to be exercised for the pub-
lic good; but no pretence of utility, no honest con- ,
viction, even, of what might be expedient, can jus-
tify the assumption of any power not granted.
The powers conferred upon the Government and
their distribution to the several departments, are
as clearly expressed in that sacred instrument as
the imperfection of human language will allow; and
I deem it my first duty, not to question its wis-
dom , add to its provisions, evade its requirements,
or nullify its commands.
Upon you, fellow-citizens, as the representatives
of the States and the people, is wisely devolved the
legislative power. I shall comply with my duty, ]
in laying before you, from time to time, any in- [
formation calculated to enable you to discharge j
your high and responsible trust, for the benefit of
our common constituents. |
My opinions will be frankly expressed upon j
the leading subjects of legislation; and if, which
I do not anticipate, any act should pass the two ;
Houses of CongressNwhich should appear to me I
unconstitutional, or an encroachment on the just j
powers of other departments, or with provisions j
nastily adopted, and likely to produce conse-
quences injurious and unforseen, I should not
shrink from the duty of retur'niilg it to you, with
my reasons, for your further consideration. Be-
yond the due performance of these constitutional
obligations, both my respect for the legislature
and my sense of propriety will restrain me from
any attempt to control or influence your proceed- !
jngs. With you is the power, the honor, and the !
responsibility of the legislation of the country. ,
The Government of the United States is a lim- '
ited Government. It is confined to the exercise I
of powers expressly granted, and such others as
may be necessary for carrying those powers into
effect; and it is at all times an especial duty to
guard against any infringement on the just rights ,
of the States. Over the objects and subjects in- :
trusted to Congress, its legislative authority is 1
supreme. But here that authority ceases, and ;
every citizen who truly loves the Constitution,
and desires the continuance of its existence and
its blessings, will resolutely and firmly resist any (
interference in those domestic affairs, which the
Constitution has clearly and unequivocally left to
the exclusive authority of the States. And every
such citizen will also deprecate useless irritation
among the several members of the Union, and all
reproach and crimination tending to alienate one
portion of the country from another. The beauty
of our system of government consists, and its
safety and durability must consist, in avoiding
i mutual collisions, and encroachments, and in the
j regular separate action of all, While each is revolv-
in? m its own distinct orbit.
The Constitution has made it the duty of the
President to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed. In a Government like ours, in which
all laws are passed by a majority of the representa-
tives of the people, and these representative* are
chosen for such short periods, that any injurious
or obnoxious law can very soon be repealed, it
would appear unlikely that any great numbers
should be found ready to resist the execution of
the laws. But it must be borne in mind that the
I country is extensive, that there may be loeal in-
i terests or prejudices rendering a law odious in one
| part, which is not so in another, and that the
' thoughtless and inconsiderate, misled by their pas-
! sions, or their imaginations, may be induced madly
to resist such laws as they disapprove. Such per-
sons should recollect that, without law, there can
be no real practical liberty; that, when law is
trampled under foot, tyranny rules, whether it ap-
pears in the form of a military despotism or of
popular violence. The law is the only sure pro-
tection of the weak, and the only efficient restraint
upon the strong. When impartially and faithfully
administered, none is beneath its protection, and
none above its control. You, gentlemen, and the
country may be assured, that to the utmost of my
ability, and to the extent of the power vested in
me, I shall at all times, and in all places, take care
that the laws be faithfully executed. In the dis-
chaige of this duty, solemnly imposed upon me
by the Constitution, and by my oath of office, I
j shall shrink from no responsibility, and shall en-
deavor to meet events as they may arise, with
firmness, as well as with prudence and discre-
tion.
The appointing power is one of the most deli-
cate with which the Executive is invested. I re-
gard it is a sacred trust, to be exercised with the
sole view of advancing the prosperity and happi-
ness of the people. It shall be my effort to elevate
the standard of official employment, by selecting for
places of importance individuals fitted for the posts
to which they are assigned, by their known
integrity, talents, and virtues. In so extensive a
country, with so great a population, and where
few persons appointed to office can be known to
the appointing power, mistakes will sometimes
unavoidably happen, and unfortunate appointments
be made, notwithstanding the greatest care. In
such cases, the power of'removal may be properly
exercised; and neglect of duty or malfeasance in
office will be no more tolerated in individuals ap-
pointed by myself than in those appointed by
others.
I am happy in being able to say that no unfa-
vorable change in our foreign relations has taken
place since the message at the opening of the last
session^of Congress. We are at peace with all
nations, and we enjoy in an eminent degree the
blessings of that peace, in a prosperous and grow-
ing commerce, and in all the forms of amicable
national intercourse. The unexampled growth of
the country, the present amount of its population,
and its ample means of self-protection, assure for
it the respect of all nations; while it is trusted that
its character for justice, and a regard to the rights
