IS5&)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Skss.
' *
upon iliose engnged in foreign commerce. It has a "
tendency to drive the honest trader from the busi-
ness of importing, and to throw that important
branch ot' employment into the hands oi" unscru-
lutious and dishonest men, who are alike regard-
less ot" law and lite obligations of an oath. By
these nve«uts the plain iutentions of Congress, as
expressed in the Jaw, are daily defeated. Every
motive of policy and duty, therefore, impel me to
ask the earnest attention "of Congress to this sub-
ject. If Congress should deem it uiiwise to at-
tempt anv ini| orta t changes in the system of
levying duties at this session, it will become in-
dispensable to the protection of the revenue that
auch remedies, as in the judgment of Congress
may mitigate the evils complained of, should oe at
once applied.
As before stated, specific duties would, in ray
opinion, afford the most perfect remedy for this
«vil: but, if you should not concur ill this view,
then, as a partial remedy, I beg leave respectfully
to recommend that, instead of taking the invoice
of the article abroad as a means of determining
its value here, the correctness ofwhich invoice it is
in many cases impossible to verify, the law be so
changed as to require a home valuation or ap-
praisal, to be regulated in such manner as to give,
as fiur as practicable, uniformity hi the several
ports.
There being bo mint in California I am informed
that the laborers in the mines are compelled to
dispose of their gold dust at a large discount.
This appears to me to be a heavy and unjust tax
upon the labor of those employed in extracting
this precious metal: and I doubt not you will be
disposed, at the earliest period possible, to relieve ,
tiiem from it by the establishment of a mint. In
the mean time, as an assayer's office is estab-
lished there, I would respectfully submit for your
consideration the propriety of authorizing gold
bullion, which has been assayed and stamped, to
be received in payment of Government dues. I
cannot conceive that the Treasury would suffer
any loss by such a provision, which will at once
raise bullion to its par value, and thereby save
(if I am rightly informed) many millions of dollars
to the laborers which are now paid in brokerage
*o convert this precious metal into available funds.
This discount upon their hard earnings is a heavy
tax, and every effort should be made by the Gov-
ernment to relieve them from so great a burden.
More than three fourths of our population are "
•engaged in the cultivation of the soil. The com-
mercial; manufacturing, and navigating interests
are all, to a great extent, dependent on the agri-
cultural. It is, therefore, the most important in-
terest of the nation, and has a just claim to the
fostering care and protection of the Government,
so far as they can be extended.consistently with
the provisions of the Constitution. As this can-
not be done by the ordinary modes of legislation,.
I respectfully recommend the establishment of an
Agricultural Bureau, to be charged with the duty
of giving to this leading branch of American in-
dustrytheeneouragement which itso well deserves.
In view of the immense mineral resources of our i
country, provision should also be made for the
employment of a competent mineralogist and
chemist, who should be required, under the direc- i
tion of the head of the bureau, to collect speci-
mens of the various minerals of our country, and
to ascertain, by careful analysis, their respective
elements and properties, and their adaptation to
useful purposes. He should also be required to
examine and report upon the qualities? of dif-
ferent soils, and the manures best calculated to
improve their productiveness. By publishing the
results of such experiments, with suitable expla-
nations, and by the collection and distribution of
rare seeds and plants, with instructions as to the
best system of cultivation, much may be done to
promote this great national interest.
In compliance with the act of Congress, passed
on the 23d of May, 1850, providing, among other
things, for taking the seventh census, a superin-
tendent was appointed, and all other measures
adopted which were deemed necessary to insure
ihe prompt and faithful performance of that duty,
rhe appropriation already made will, it is believed,
ix> sufficient to defray the whole expense of the
*ork; but further legislation may be necessary in
regard to the •ompensation of some of the mar-
t
Message of ihe President.
Sknate & Ho, or Reps.
slials of the Territories. It wiil also be proper to
make provision by law, at^nn early day, for the
publication of such abstracts of the returns as the
public interests may require.
The unprecedented growth of our Territories on
the Pacific in wealth and population, and the con-
sequent increase of their social and commercial re-
lations with the Atlantic States, seem to render it
the duty of the Government to use all its constitu-
tional power to improve the means of intercourse
with them. The importance of opening " a line
of communication, the best and most expeditious
of which the nature of the country will admit,"
between the valley of the Mississippi and the
Pacific, was brought to your notice by my prede-
cessor, in his annual message; and as the reasons
which he presented in favor of this measure still
exist in full force, I beg leave to call your atten-
tion to them, and to repeat the recommendations
then made by him.
The uncertainty which exists in regard to the
validity ot land titles in California is a subject
which demands your early consideration. Large
bodies of land in that State are claimed under
grants said to have been made by authority of the
Spanish and Mexican Governments. Many of
these have not been perfected, others have been
revoked, and some are believed to be fraudulent.
But until they shall have been judicially investi-
gated, they will continue to retard the settlement
and improvement of the country. I, therefore,
respectfully recommend that provision be made by
law, for the appointment of commissioners to ex-
amine all such claims with a view to their final
adjustment.
1 also beg leave to call your attention to the pro-
priety of extending, at an early day, our system
of land laws, with such modifications as may be
necessary, over the State of California and the
Territories of Utah and New Mexico. The min-
eral lands of California will, of course, form an
exception to any general system which may be
adopted. Various methods of disposing of them
have been suggested. I was at first inclined to
favor the system of leasing, as it seemed to promise
the largest revenue to the Government and to
afford the best security against monopolies; but
further reflection, and our experience in leasing
the lead mines and selling the lands upon credit,
have brought my mind to the conclusion that
there would be great difficulty in collecting the
rents, and that the relation of debtor and creditor,
between the citizens and the Government, would
be attended with many mischievous consequences.
I therefore recommend that, instead of retaining
the mineral lands under the permanent control of
the Government, tliey be divided into small par-
cels and sold, under such restrictions, as to quan-
tity and time, as will insure the best price, and
guard most effectually against combinations of
capitalists to obtain monopolies.
The annexation of Texas and the acquisition of
California and New Mexico have given increased
importance to our Indian relations. The various
tribes brought under our jurisdiction by these en-
I Iargements of our boundaries are estimated to em- ;
brace a population of one hundred and twenty- 1
four thousands
Texas and New Mexico are surrounded by
powerful tribes of lndians, who are a source of
constant terror and annoyance to the inhabit-
ants. Separating into small predatory bands, and
always mounted, they overrun the country, devas-
tating farms, destroying crops, driving off whole
herds of cattle, and occasionally murdering the
inhabitants or carrying them into captivity. The
great roads leading into the country are infested
with them, whereby traveling is rendered extremely
dangerous, and immigration is almost entirely ar-
rested. The Mexican frontier, which, by the
eleventh article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hi- i
dalgo, we are bound to protect against the Indians
within our border, is exposed to these incursion*
equally with our own. The military force sta-
tioned in that country (although ^forming a large j
proportion of the army) is represented as entirely
inadeqate to our own protection and the fulfillment
of our treaty stipulations with Mexico. The j
principal deficiency is in cavalry, and I recommend
that Congress should, at as early a period as prac- j
ticable, provide for tlie raising of one or moreregi- i:
menta of mounted men.
For further suggestions on this subject, and
others connected with our domestic interests, and
the defence of our frontier, I refer you to the re-
port ol the Secretory of the Interior und of the
Secretary of War.
I commend also to your fnvorahle consideration
the suggestion contained in the last-mentioned re-
port, and in the letter of the General-in-Chief, rela-
tive to the establishment of an asylum for the relief
of disabled and destitute soldiers. This subject
appeals so strongly to your sympathies that it
would be superfluous in me to say anything more,
than barely to express my cordial approbation of
the proposed object.
The navy continues to give protection to our
commerce and other national interests in the dif-
! ferent quarters of the globe, and, with the excep-
tion of a single steamer on the northern lakes,
th(! vessels in commission are distributed in six
different squadrons.
1 he report of the head of that Department will
exhibit the services of these squadrons, and of the
several vessels employed in each during the past
year. It is a source of gratification that, while '
they have been constantly prepared for any hos-
tile emergency, they have everywhere met with
the respect and courtesy, due as well to the dig-
nity as to the peacful dispositions and just pur-
poses of the nation.
The two brigantines accepted by the Govern-
ment from a generous citizen of New York, and
placed under the command of an officer of the
navy, to proceed to the Arctic seas in quest of the
1 British commander, Sir John Franklin, and his
. companions, in compliance with the act of Con-
,1 gress, approved in May last, had, when last heard
' from, penetrated into a high northern latitude; but
I ■ the success of this noble and humane enterprise is
| yet uncertain.
I I invite your attention to the view of our present
I: naval establishment and resources presented in the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, and the sug-
gestions therein made far its improvement, to-
,1 gether with the naval policy recommended for the
security of our Pacific coast, and the protection
and extension of our commerce with Eastern
Asia. Our facilities for a larger participation in
the trade of the East, by means of our recent set-
, tlements on the shores of the Pacific, are too ob-
vious to be overlooked or disregarded.
The questions in relation to rank in the army
and navy, and relative rank between officers of
j the two branches of the service, presented to the
Executive by certain resolutions of the House of
Representatives, at the last session of Congress,
i! have been submitted to a board of officers in each
j branch of the service, and their report may be ex-
j pected at an early day.
I also earnestly recommend the enactment of a
I law authorizing officers of the army and navy to
be retired from the service, when incompetent for
its rigorous and active duties, taking care to make
suitable provision for those who have faithfully
served their country, and awarding distinctions,
j by retaining in appropriate commands those who
j have been particularly conspicuous for gallantry
■ and good conduct. While the obligation of the
country to maintain and honor those who, to the
exclusion of other pursuits, have devoted them-
selves to its arduous service, this obligation should
not be permitted to interfere with the efficiency of
the service itself.
I am gratified in being able to state, that the
estimates of expenditure for the navy in the en-
suing year are less, by more than one million of
dollars, than those of the present, excepting the
appropriation which may become necessary for
the construction of a dock on the coast of the Pa-
cific, propositions for which are now being con-
sidered, and on which a special report may be ex-
pected early in your present session.
There is an evident justness in the suggestion of
the same report, that appropriations for the naval
service proper should be separated from those for
fixed and permanent objects, such as building
docks and navy-yards, and the fixtures attached;
and from the extraordinary objects under the care
of the Department which, however important, are
not essentially naval.
A revision of the code for the government of the
navy seems to require the immediate considera-
tion of Congress. Its system of crimes and pun-
