8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31ST Cong 2D SESS*
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate Si Ho. of R&ps.
anticipated from the completion of the work, may
justify liberal contributions of land or money to-
wards its construction. I therefore beg leave
most respectfully to call your attention to the
subject, and to suggest the propriety of author-
izing an immediate examination of the country
and such surveys as may be necessary to deter-
mine the practicability and probable cost of the ;
■work.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
In surveying the various interests of the coun-
try, no one can fail to observe how little has been
dune by Government to promote the cause of ag-
riculture. It is true, the cultivator of the soil, in
common with all other classes of society, enjoys the
protection of the laws and the blessings incident
to good government. But something more seems
to be due to a branch of industry which employs
more than half our population, and, to a great ex-
tent, sustains the other.
The power of the General Government over
this subject is limited, but this furnishes no good
reason why it should not be exercised so far as
it does legitimately extend.
The ordinary means adopted to afford protec-
tion to the manufacturing and commercial inter-
ests are comparatively inoperative in regard to the j
agricultural. A tariff can do but little, directly, ■
to benefit the farmer or the planter. The staple
productions of the South are peculiar to that cli-
mate, and, therefore, are in no danger of compe- i
tition from abroad. Those of the North and West,
in consequence of the fertility of the soil and the
low prices at which land can be bought, are pro-
duced at less c6st there than in other countries j and i
consequently, except under extraordinary contin- I
fencies, need no protection by imposts on the
readstuffs of foreign nations.
But still much may be done by Government, at
a small cost, to promote the interests of agricul- :
ture. The science is yet in its infancy, and great
minds are now directed to the study and develop-
ment of its true principles. Experiments are in
progress to ascertain the qualities of different soils;
the comparative nutritive properties of different 1
animal and vegetable productions; and the utility j
And efficiency of various manures in fertilizing and !
renovating the exhausted lands of the old States. [
Encouragement may be afforded to enterprises
like these, and facilities furnished for the collec- |
tion of seeds, plants, and vegetables from all parts [
of the earth, and their distribution throughout the
country.
Premiums may be offered for the best practical
treatises on the different branches of husbandry,
which can be published and sent abroad among
the people. By means like the sea spirit of phil- I
osophic inquiry may be stimulated, and a great
impulse given to the interests of agriculture. Much
has already been done in this respect through the
agency of the Patent Office; but the subject is too
important to be left in this dependent condition.
The last annual report from the Department rec-
ommended the establishment of an Agricultural
Bureau, to afford to this great branch of American
industry the encouragement which it so well der
serves. This is no novel suggestion. It had the
Sanction of Washington, who, in his last annual
message, referring to the propriety of creating an
agricultural board, said: " This species of estab-
lishment contributes doubly to the increase of
' improvement by stimulating to enterprise and ex-
' periment, and by drawing to a common centre
• the results, everywhere, of individual skill and
' observation, and spreading them thence over the
' whole nation. Experience accordingly has shown
' that they are very cheap instruments of immense
• national benefit.
I therefore renew the recommendation of my
predecessor for the establishment of a separate
bureau, to be intrusted with the duty of promoting
the agricultural interests of the country. The
vast extent and rapid development of the mineral
resources of the country seem to require that ade-
quate provision should also be made by law for
the collection and analysis of the various mineral
substances which have been or may be discovered,
so that their properties may be understood and
their value correctly appreciated.
The purchase of a farm in the vicinity of the
national metropolis, to be tilled and managed under
the direction of the bureau, lias been suggested as
an important auxiliary in illustrating the best
modes of culture. If this idea should be favora-
bly received, I would respectfully add that Mount |
Vernon, whose soil was once tilled by the hands J
and is now consecrated by the dust of the Father ;
of his Country, should properly belong to the I
nation, and might, with great propriety, become, |
under its auspices, a model farm to illustrate the
progress of that pursuit to which he was so much
devoted.
CENSUS.
Shortly after the passage of the act of 23d of
May, 1850, for taking the seventh census, and for
other purposes, a superintendent was appointed,
and the other measures deemed necessary to se-
cure the prompt and faithful performance of that
duty adopted. The returns which are now coming
in daily from all parts of the Union give gratify-
ing assurances that the census will be completed
within the time limited by law, and in a manner
highly creditable to all who have been engaged in
it. In some few instances delays may occur in
consequence of casualties which could not have
been avoided, and in one or two of the most re-
mote Territories, in the receipt of the schedules.
The amount of valuable statistical information col-
lected and embodied in these returns will far exceed
any thing of the kind known in our past history; and
it is therefore important that provision should be
made at an early day for printing such abstracts
as may be deemed of practical utility, in a style
and form worthy of the subject and of the country.
The report of the superintendent will show that
additional legislation may be necessary to do full
justice to the marshals of some of the more remote
and sparsely-populated sections of the country.
MEXICAN BOUND ART SURVEY.
My predecessor reported to the President, on
the 18tn of May last, in answer to a call from the
Senate for information relative to the progress of
this survey, that the initial point on the Pacific,
and the point of junction of the Gila with the
Colorado river, liad been determined and fixed;
that the intervening line of boundary had been run
and marked, and temporary monuments erected
thereon, for a distance of about thirty miles; and
that the operations of the joint commission had
been suspended about the 1st of February last by
an adjournment to the first Monday in November
ultimo. The temporary monuments alluded to are
now being replaced by permanent ones, and the joint
commission (tliat on the part of the United States
having been reorganized prior to my taking charge
of the Department) have doubtless assembled at El
Paso, according to the terms of their adjournment,
for the purpose of running and marking the line
thence westward to the river Gila.
It is the determination of the Department that
this work shall be pressed forward to completion
with the utmost dispatch, so that, if possible, the
expectations of Congress, as indicated in the
appropriation act of the 15th May last, may be
realized.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
My predecessor, in his report which accompa-
nied the annual message of the late President to
Congress, took occasion to invite attention to the
condition of the public buildings, and to show the
tendency of the Capitol, Patent Office, and the
Treasuiy Building to dilapidation, from the per-
ishable nature of the material of which they are
constructed. Personal observation has satisfied
ine that his fears on that subject are well founded.
Experience has demonstrated that the sandstone
of which they are built, when left unprotected
from the action of the atmosphere, rapidly disin-
tegrates.
The only temporary preventive which has yet
been discovered and applied is a strong coating of
paint, which, by closing the pores of the stone,
prevents the absorption of water. This expedient
nas been found to be attended with partial success
in the preservation of the Capitol and President's
House. I would respectfully recommend, there-
fore, that an appropriation be made of an amount
sufficient to defray the cost of coating the Treasury
Building thoroughly with paint. But at the same
time it should be left discretionary to adopt any
improved method of effecting the same end.
In regard to the Patent Office, as the wings are
to be of white marble and the ends are now pro-
tected by being joined to the wings, leaving only
the front and rear exposed to decay, and as not
merely disintegration but actual dilapidation has
already commenced, I would recommend that the
entire exterior facing of the front be removed, and
its place supplied by a veneering of white marble
of the same quality as that used in the construc-
tion of the wings. The whole building would
then present a uniform appearance, and be ren-
dered comparatively indestructible by atmospheric
agency. Practical workmen have expressed the1
opinion that it can be done at a small cost when
compared with its beneficial results, and without
in any degree endangering the security and sta-
bility of the walls. * But should any doubt be en-
tertained on the subject, scientific engineers might
be consulted and means taken to ascertain the ac-
tual cost in time for legislative action before the close
of the approaching session of Congress. If the re-
sult should be favorable, it would then be time to
inquire how far the same system should be pursued
in reference to the Treasury Building. The extent
of the colonnade in front of that building, however,
, gives reason to doubt whether the same system
can be readily adopted in regard to it. The only
expedient that is left, therefore, for the preserva-
tion of that massive structure, is by a coating of
paint.
In this connection, I beg leave to urge the pro-
priety of completing, with as little delay as prac-
ticable, both wings of the Patent Office. Until
this be done, the large sums already expended
will be of no practical use; and the edifice will
present a mutilated appearance.
But there are other considerations of the most
urgent character which call for their completion.
At present the various officers attached to the De-
partment of the Interior are scattered through six
different buildings widely separated from each
other, four of which are owned by private individ-
uals. Three of these are not only unsuited in their
interior arrangements for the purposes for which
they are used, but are of combustible materials
and-contiguous to private dwellings. The officers
are therefore subjected to great inconvenience in
communicating with the head of the Department,
and the public archives are in constant danger
from fire.
The rent now paid for rooms affording this
imperfect and insecure accommodation exceeds
|8,Q00 per annum. But the rooms in the War
Department occupied by the Indian Bureau are
needed for the purposes of that Department, and
those in the Treasury building occupied by the
General Land Office are required by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and notice to that effect has
been given to this Department.
If additional rooms are rented, to be used in-
stead of those vacated in the War and Treasury
buildings, the amount of the annual rent to be
paid will be more than doubled, and the most val-
uable archives of the Government,comprising the
muniments of title to many millions of acres of
what was once the public domain, will be placed
in a condition of great insecurity.
I therefore recommend that the two wings of
the Patent Office be finished, and that they be ap-
propriated to the accommodation of the Depart-
hient of the Interior and the different offices
thereto attached. They will thus be brought un-
der one roof. The communication between the
[ ; head of the Department and the different bureaux
will be greatly facilitated, and the records of Gov-
ernment safely lodged in a fire-proof building.
J These are advantages which will be cheaply
j bought by the expenditure of the sum necessary
{ to complete those wings.
! INTRODUCTION OP WATER INTO THE CITT.
I The vast enlargements of our territorial limits,
1 and the rapid growth of the country in wealth and
population, have been attended with a correspond-
ing increase of the public business and of the num-
ber of persons employed to perform it. ^Jar?e
proportion of the population of the city of Wash-
ington is directly or indirectly connected with the
affairs of Government. The Representatives of the
people and of the States from all sections of the
Union annually assemble here to perform their
high functions, and are detained during the greater
part of each alternate year. Many of them come
from salubrious regions where the diseases mci-
I; dent to more southern climate# are unknown.
