1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
It would seem, then, to be a duty of the Govern-
ment of the most imperative character to adopt all
necessary precautions to guard against everything
which tends to endanger the health of these ser-
vants of the people ana their families.
To accomplish this purpose, and at the same
time to contribute to the comfort of the whole pop-*
ulation and to afford an effectual safeguard to all
the public offices against fire, I respectfully recom-
mend the introduction into the national metropolis
of a copious supply of pure water, to be thrown,
in the first place, into a reservoir on some elevated
point in its vicinity, and thence" distributed through
the public buildings and densely populated parts
of the city.
The improvement of the public grounds by en-
closing and planting them with trees and shrub-
bery, and providing promenades and fountains, is
a object of kindred character, tending to the same
results, and only second in importance to the
supply of water. I therefore commend it also to
your favorable consideration.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
ALEX. H. H. STUART, Secretary.
To the President of the United States.
Report of the Secretary of War.
War Department,
Washington, November 30, 1850.
Sir: I beg leave to submit the following report
of the operations of this Department during the
last year:
The aggregate strength of the army, as at pres-
ent established by law, and supposing every com-
pany to have its complement, is twelve thousand
nine hundred and twenty-seven, (12,927,) officers
and men, including all the staff corps, it rarely
happens, however, that a company is complete;
for while, on the one hand, the enlistments can
never exceed the limit prescribed by law, deaths,
discharges, and desertions must always cause
the number of men actually enrolled and in pay
to fall far short of it. This is particularly the
case in regard to troops stationed at the fron-
tier posts; for as the men are all enlisted in the
older States, considerable time must always in-
tervene between the happening of a vacancy and
its being "filled. It is estimated by competent
judges that, owing to these causes, combined
with sickness and other casualties of the ser-
vice, the number of men -actually in service and
fit for duty usually falls short of the legal organ-
ization on an average of from thirty to forty per
cent.
The report of the Adjutant General, hereto ap-
pended, will show how this force is distributed
By that document it will be seen that, out of the
twelve thousand .nine hundred and twenty-seven
(12,927) officers and men composing the army,
seven thousand seven hundred ana ninety-six,
(7,796,) or more than one half, are stationed in
or are under orders for Texas, New Mexico,
California, and Oregon.
When it is recollected what large accessions
have within a few years past been made to our
territory, that an extensive seaboard will require
fortifications, and an enlarged inland frontier needs
protection against the Indians, it will appear man-
ifest that the present military establishment of
the country is entirely inadequate to its wants.
Allow me to call your attention to the remarks on
this subject contained in the report of the General-
in-Chief.
The most important duty which at present de-
volves on the Department, is the protection of
Texas and New Mexico against the Indian tribes
in their vicinity.. This object has engaged the
anxious attention of the Department, and all the
means at its disposal have been employed to ef-
fect it.
The recruiting service has been actively prose-
cuted, with a view to bringing the companies sta-
tioned on that frontier to their complement of
seventy-four men, as fixed by the act of 17th June
last. Prompt measures have also been taken to :
carry into effect the provisions of the same act, !
which authorizes the mounting of a portion of the ;
infantry stationed in Texas. j
Early in August last the seventh regiment of
infantry was ordered to Santa Fe, and had pro-
ceeded on its destination some distance beyond Fort j
Leavenworth, when a steamboat laden with sup-
plies for the expedition was sunk on her wav from
St. Louis to that post. In consequence of this ac-
cident and the advanced state of the season, it was
ordered to return and take up its Winter quarte'rs
at Jefferson Barracks, from which point it will
resume its march as early as practicable in the
Spring. From the reports of the officers in com-
mand in Texas and New Mexico, as well as from
other reliable sources of information, the Depart-
ment is fully satisfied, however, that the force
now stationed on that frontier, with all the rein-
forcements it will be able to send there in the
Spring, will be entirely insufficient for its protec-
tion.
In order to make the troops as available as pos-
sible for the protection of the settlements, they
have been separated - into small detachments,
stationed at various posts along the frontier.
But, as the frontier is-many hundred miles in ex-
tent, these posts are necessarily a considerable
distance apart, and the utmost vigilance and ac-
tivity on the part of the officers in command can-
not prevent small bands of Indians from passing
between them and committing depredations on in-
terior settlements.
The only description of troops that can effectu-
ally put a stop to these forays is cavalry. Unlike
those of their race in this, part of the continent, the
Indians that occupy the vast and open plains from
the southern extremity of Texas to Oregon, in all
their expeditions, whether for war or for the chase,
are invariably mounted, and are well skilled ih the
management of the horse. In their incursions
into the white settlements they are prompted, not
so much by a feeling of hostility as by love of
plunder, and consequently seldom move in large
numbers prepared to encounter an armed force,
but, separating into small parties, watch a favor-
able opportunity, make sudden and rapid inroads
into the settlements, drive off whole herds ©f cat-
tle, and occasionally commit acts of shocking bar-
barity.
Emboldened' by the impunity with which these
incursions have baen heretofore too often attended,
and encouraged by the success with which they
have been rewarded, these bold marauders have of
late ventured much further into the settlements,
and even within a short distance of our military
posts. All the roads leading into the country are
infested by them, and cannot be safely traveled
without a military escort. , They stand in little
awe .of troops on foot; but a light and active
cavalry could pursue and ehastise them, or recap-
ture their plunder, whereby their depredations
would be rendered more dangerous and less profit-
able. Several of these tribes have made some
progress in civilization, having fixed habitations
and considerable property. By pursuing these to
their homes, and retaliating severely upon "them,
they would soon be taught that it is their interest
to respect the property of the whites. The offi-
cers in command in these departments concur in
the opinion that to enable them to do this a larger
force, particularly in mounted men, is indispens-
ably necessary. As a temporary means of sup-
plying this deficiency, the commanding officer in
Texas called out several companies of volunteers;
but the short period for which this description of
force can be legally called upon to serve renders it
more expensive and less efficient than it would
otherwise be. Doubts are entertained whether the
experiment of mounting infantry will prove suc-
cessful. Little, if anything, is gained by such a*i
arrangement on the score of economy, and soldiers
enlisted with no reference to their aptitude for
cavalry duty will seldom be able t* adapt them-
selves to a service for which their previous habits
may not at all qualify them. It is therefore very
much to be desired that Congress will at an early
period consider the propriety of increasing the
army, and particularly' of rawHSg one or more regi-
ments of mounted men.
This additional force will at first be attended
with a proportional addition of expenditure; but
it is believed that in the end economy will be pro-
moted by it. The supplies necessary for the
troops stationed in that country are now nearly all
takep from the other States. These supplies have _
to be carried a great distance by land, and owing"
to the badness of the roads, the scarcity of pro-
visions and provender, and the exorbitant prices .
demanded for labor, the cast of transportation is
enormous. The following is the actual cost of
transporting pork and flour (the two most im-
portant items of supply) to several of the military
posts in Texas and New Mexico, viz:
To the nearer interior post in Texas, per barrel
forpork $8, for flour $5 30.
To Santa Fe and Las Vegas, New Mexico, for
pork |32 per barrel, for flour #21 30.
To Taos, Socorro, Abeque, and Savoyette, for
pork &41 60 per barrel, for flour $27 56.
To Pasodel Norte, Texas, and to San Elizario
and Dona Ana, for pork 448 per barrel, for flour
PI 80.
The above sums are paid for transporting bread
and meat to a country, a large portion of which
is susceptible of producing abundant crops of
grain and nearly all of which is well adapted to
grazing; and these sums will continue to be paid
so long as the incursions of the Indians continue
to prevent the settlement and cultivation of the
country. It is confidently believed, on the other
hand, that if adequate protection were afforded to
the country, in a few years its population and re-
sources would both increase, a smaller number of
troops would suffiee for its defence, and supplies
might be furnished at a much less cost than they
now are.
It has been suggested by persons well ac-
quainted with the country, that tne inhabitants (in-
cluding the Pueblo Indians) might, if properly
armed and organized into a kind of militia, under
the direction of officers of the army, render essen-
tial aid in protecting it against the sudden inroads
of the more savage tribes. The experiment is
well worth making, and if authority were vested
in the Department to distribute arms and ammu-
nition.among them, it might bp «o exercised that
no ill consequence could at all events result
from it.
Those, however, are only temporary expedi-
ents. * It is obvious that some other means besides
the terror of our arms, must ultimately be em-
ployed to restrain the Indians. Hemmed in as
they are on all sides by the United States, by
Mexico, and the Rocky Mountains, as our set-
tlements advance the scarcity of game will compel
them to fall back on our weaker neighbors, whom
by .the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo we are bound
to protect against their incursions. Both policy
ana humanity would therefore seem to dictate that
some system>should be adopted whereby the whole
of this unfortunate race might be induced, as a
portion of them were by the Spaniards, to aban-
don their wandering life, to live in villages, and
resort to agricultural pursuits.
The regiment of mounted riflemen, which, when
the last report was made by this Department, was
on its march to Oregon, reached its destination in
safety, having, in accordance with the act of 19th
May, 1846, established a line of military stations
along the route to Oregon. In consequence of the
scarcity of forage ana provisions at one of these
posts, (Fort Hall,) it was subsequently aban-
doned, and the troops stationed there were trans-
ferred to another post near the Dalles and to Fort
Vancouver on the Columbia river.
The Board of Military and Naval Officers ap-
pointed to examine the Pacific coast of the United
States, and to designate such points thereon as
are .suitable for fortifications and naval depdts,
have concluded their labors. Only preliminary
reports have as yet been made, but the Depart-
ment is informed that certain positions have been
designated as well adapted to military and naval
purposes. Measures nave been taken to reserve
these sites from sale, but more detailed surveys
will be necessary before the works can be com-
menced. The delay which this operation will
cause is the less to be regretted, as the high prices
of both labor and materials i/r all that region would
render it inexpedient to commence the construc-
tion of any important works on that coast at
present."
In virtue of an act passed in March, 18.49, ma-
king an appropriation for , military and geographi-
cal surveys west of the Mississippi, a party, under
the direction of Captain Stansbury, was dispatched
in that year with orders to explore and survey
the region in the vicinity of the Great Salt Lake.
It is understood that the party have- completed
their labors, and are now on their way home. A«
