H>
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 2,
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the JSlavy.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
soon as their report is made it shall be laid before
you.
Under a similar appropriation made at the last
session of Congress, a party has been organized,
under the command of Captain Sitgreaves, with
directions to explore the river Zuni, from its head
•waters to its junction with the Colorado, and the
latter river from that point to the Gulf of Cali
fornia.
An appropriation was made at the last session
of Congress to survey the Delta of the Mississippi
river, with a view to the deepening of the chan-
nel at its mouth and the prevention of overflows.
The execution of this work, so important to a
large portion of the Mississippi valley, has been
confided to Major Long and Captain Humphreys,
two accomplished officers of the Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers. In addition to which, Mr.
Charles Ellett, jr., a distinguished civil engineer,
has been employed to examine this interesting sub-
ject, and report the result of his observations to
this Department. These two parties will act inde-
pendently of each other, and yet will cooperate
whenever it may be found advantageous to do so.
Prior to the passage of the law establishing a
territorial government in New Mexico, the inhab-
itants of that country had he'd a convention, adopt
ed a State constitution, and proceeded to put it in
Operation. On the other hand, the officer in com- i
mand of that military department refused to rec- '•
ognize the government thus established. To put !
an end to a conflict of authorities which might be !
productive of unpleasant consequences, as soon as 1
the above-mentioned law was passed, instructions
were dispatched to the officer in command to ab-
stain from all further interference in the civil and
political affairs of the country.
The Military Aeademy continues, by its ex-
cellent discipline and admirable course ofinstrac-
tion, to afford ample guarantees that it will real-
ize the expectations of the country and sustain the
high reputation it has hitherto enjoyed.
I beg leave to renew the recommendation of my
immediate predecessor of' the formation of a re-
tired list of officers of the army. There are many
officers who, in consequence of their advanced age,
of wounds, or of disease contracted in the service,
are entirely disabled, but who nevertheless receive
full pay. It would be more in accordance with
justice, and no doubt with the feelings of the offi-
cers themselves, that they should receive less pay
and be legally exempted from duty. By this !
means justice to the officers would be reconciled
with economy and the efficiency of the service. J
In connection with this subject I beg leave to
call your attention to the remarks contained in the
report of the General-in-Chief, relative to the es-
tablishment of an asylum for disabled and desti-
tute soldiers.
The Quartermaster's Department employs in
its service about five hundred teamsters, who are
hired men, and have recently exacted enormous
wages. Besides, not being subject to the restraints
of military discipline, thev are sometimes very
turbulent and ungovernable. To obviate both
these difficulties, it is recommended that authority
be given to enlist such number of them as may be
required by the exigencies of the service, and that
a higher rate of pay be allowed them than to the
privates in the army.
The usual annual estimates have been furnished
to the Secretary of the Treasury, to be by him
Submitted to Congress. They embrace detailed
reports from the heads of the bureaus of this De-
partment, of the sums that will be required by
them respectively during the year commencing on
the first of July, 1851, and exceed in the aggre-
gate the estimates for the current year. This ex-
cess is owing chiefly to the following causes:
First. No appropriation was required by the Sub-
sistence Department during the current year, there
being a balance on hand resulting from over-esti-
mates during the war, sales of subsistence stores,
&c., sufficient for the service of the year. Sec-
ond. By an act passed at the last session of Con-
gress the rank and file of all the companies serv-
ing on the Western frontier was greatly increased.
Third. By another act passed towards the close of
the same session, the pay of all the officers and
®en[serving in California and Oregon was nearly
doubled. Fourth. An increased expenditure in
the Quartermaster's Department.
Prior to 1845 our frontier posts were all estab-
lished either on the Gulf of Mexico, on Lake Su-
perior, or on the headwaters of the Mississippi
and its tributaries. They were all, therefore, i
accessible by water, and many of them situated
in the midst of a fertile and cultivated country.
Now, on the contrary, they are either on the Pa-
cific coast, on the route to Oregon, or far in the :
interior of Texas and New Mexico, remote from
navigable streams and from the States where en-
listments are made and whence all the supplies are
drawn. The distance of land carriage to many of
these posts is, as has already been mentioned, very
great, and numerous trains of wagons are con-
stantly employed in conveying supplies to them,
as well as in accompanying the troops in their
marches. The exorbitant cost of furnishing sup-
plies to the troops in Texas and New Mexico has
already been stated; on the Pacific, owing to the
high price of labor, water transportation is pro-
portionably expensive. The consequence of all
. this is an immense increase in the expenditure of
the Quartermaster's Department. In the year
ending June 30, 1844, the expenditures of that
Department amounted to only $870,999 73
In the year ending June 30, 1850,
they were 4,295,298 60
In the year ending June 30, 1851,
(appropriated) 3,915,954 00*
In the year ending June 30,1852, (es-
timated)  4,950,000 00
In the year 1844 the cost of transportation for
the army was less than $120,000; in the year end-
ing 30th June last it amounted to about f1,900,000;
showing an increase of about fifteen hundred per
cent.
It is hoped that as settlements increase and cul-
tivation extends in Texas and New Mexico, and
as mining becomes less profitable and labor more
diversified in California, these enormous expendi-
tures will diminish. In the mean time every effort
will be made by this Department to curtail them.
It is possible that at points so remote from the su-
pervision of its chief, defects of administration in
the Quartermaster's Department may exist; to
remedy which some change in its organization may
become necessary.
Since the conference held with their chiefs in
September, 1849, by Major General Twiggs, the
small remnant of the Seminole tribe remaining in
Florida have abstained from all acts of hostility
against the whites. In one of the frontier coun-
ties the sudden disappearance of a youth recently
caused some alarm among the inhabitants. Orders,
however, were given to the agent residing among
them to institute a rigid inquiry into the matter,
and the result of the investigation has been the
conviction on his part that the Indians had no
agency in it. Every information, on the con-
trary, that has reached the Department leads
to the belief that this feeble band are at length sat-
isfied of the utter futility of prolonging a contest
with the whites. Under these circumstances, a
portion of the troops stationed in Florida have
been recently withdrawn. A few companies,
however, have been left to guard against the pos-
sibility of another outbreak.
The Indians remaining in Florida, although
their number does not exceed one hundred men,
are .a source of terror and annoyance to the
whites in their neighborhood, and no doubt tend
very much to retard the settlement of that part of
the State. So long as they remain in the country
collisions will continually occur, and will only end
< with the extinction of the race. No efforts,
therefore, have been or will be spared to induce
them to migrate and join the great body of their
nation in the West: and it is confidently be-
lieved that this desirable result will sooner be at-
tained by peaceable means than by the employ-
ment of force.
j Information has been communicated to-this De-
partment that, through the instrumentality and
; * The amount stated for the year ending June 30, 1851, is
that ot the appropriations only, whicn were hased upon a
supposed increase of the array of fifteen hundred (1500)
I men instead of three thousand, (3,000,) as provided by law.
It is believed, therefore, that the expenditures will exceed
the appropriations, though they will not equal those of the
year ending June 30, 1852, in consequence of the delay
J which necessarily intervened alter the passage of the act of
June, 18. 0, before the augmentation authorized by it could
<• beentcted.
persuasion of the Governor of Minnesota and
our agent stationed among them, the Chippewa
tribe of Indians had been prevailed upon to
make a treaty of peace with the Sioux, with
whom they were at war; and who had been
Jhe aggressors; that shortly after the treaty was
concluded, it was broken by the Sioux, who had -
made an unprovoked attack on the Chippewas.
As the treaty had been made at the earnest solici-
tation and almost command of the Governor and
the agent, and the most solemn assurances had
been given by them both to the Chippewas that if
it were violated the United States would interfere
to protect them and redress their wrongs, the De-
partment has been invoked to make good these
pledges. It is highly important that these people
should respect the authority and confide in the
promises of the agents of the Government. It is
deemed advisable, therefore, that a small force fie
sent against the Sioux. No doubt is entertained that
the mere appearance of this force among them will
suffice to intimidate them and prevent what might
otherwise be a protracted and sanguinary war.
No economy can, however, be effected by re-
ducing the estimates, which are based upon posi-
tive data, and cannot safely be curtailed. The
only consequence which has heretofore resulted
from such reductions of estimates, without dimin-
ishing objects of the expense, has been the accu-
mulation of arrearages. An arrearage which has
existed in the Quartermaster Department since the
year 1848, amounting to the sum of $1,290,860 32,
it is said to have originated in that way. The
practice of allowing disbursements to exceed the
appropriations is dangerous in the extreme; but if
estimates, carefully prepared by the proper officers,
j are reduced without diminishing the objects of
, expenditure, this irregularity may sometimes be
unavaidable.
I hereto annex such portions of the correspond-
ence of this Department as relate to the subjects
mentioned in this report, together with the reports
of the General-in-Chief, and of the several heads
of bureaus of this Department; to all which I re-
fer you for more ample information in regard to
its operations.
Respectfully submitted,
C. M. CONRAD, Secretary of War.
To the President of the United States.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, November 30, 1850.
Sir : In anticipation of the session of Congress,
I respectfully submit the annual report of this
Department of the public service.
The vessels in commission during the past year,
exclusive of the steamer Michigan, under the com-
mand of Commodore Bullus, "which has been
cruising on the lakes above Niagara, giving pro-
tection to our commerce, and rendering assistance
to our distressed merchantmen on those inland
seas, have been employed in six different squad-
rons.
The home squadron, Commodore Parker com-
manding, whose field of operations extends from
the banks of Newfoundland to the mouth of the
Amazon river, has comprised the frigate Raritan,
Captain Page, the sloop-of-war Albany, Com-
mander Randolph, the sloop-of-war Germantown,
Commander Lowndes, the steamer Vixen, Lieu-
tenant Commanding Smith, the steamer Water-
witch, Lieutenant Commanding Totten, and the
schooner Flirt, Lieutenant Commanding Turner,
and has been chiefly occupied in the West Indies
and the Gulf of Mexico. The valuable services of
the vessels of this squadron, together with the
frigate Congyss and the steamer Saranac, in pre-
venting a violation of our national obligations, in
an attempted invasion of the Island of Cuba from
the United States, and the mission of Commodore
Morris, to intercede with the Spanish authorities
of that island for the lives and liberation of our
misguided fellow-citizens who had joined in that
expedition and had been captured, were made
known to Congress in a communication from the
late President, in the month of June last. The
frigate Raritan, being required for more distant
service, was withdrawn from this squadron in the
month of May, and, after being refitted, was dis-
patched, under the command of Captain Gauntt,
to the South Pacific ocean. The steamers Water-
