1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
31st Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the First Assistant Postmaster General.
Senate 8j Ho. of Rep.
most expensive, but it gives to correspondence
regularity and dispatch—the utmost that is attain- I
able for any purpose between the same points of:
destination. This is of the highest importance to
the interests involved in correspondence, and, as a
matter of service, deserves a larger compensation.
But this species of mail conveyance devolves a
cost upon the Government beyond the price of ser-
vice as fixed by any postages that have been pre-
scribed. This is because individual means tire
inadequate to the undertaking of establishing and
maintaining steam navigation on the ocean. Aid
from the Government is necessary, and a wis$
policy contributes it, for navigation by steam, in
view of the competition of other nations, is es-
sential to the success of the commerce of the
country, from which our public revenues are de-
rived , and eminently important as a means of pub-
lic defence, and an element of national prosperity
-and power. Government aid has been extended
to these important steam enterprises, to an extent
beyond the revenue in postages, derived from the
correspondence so conveyed; vet an enlarged view
of the subject will show that the surplus thus con-
tributed is, after all, returned to the Government,
in postages collected. One letter received from
abroad may cause several to be written at home.
Look at the extraordinary increase in the annual
amount of postages since our foreign steam mail
lines have been put in full operation, swelling to
nearly threefold our usual annual j-ate of advance.
Foreign commerce that deposits its freights at our
seaports, does not limit to them the prosperity it
creates, but quickens and enlarges domestic trade
through all the interior channels of business. So
with foreign correspondence. It creates and
stimulates a correspondence within the country,
which enlarges the more as the former becomes,
through the agency of steam conveyance, more
regular, expeditious, and frequent.
This policy of-aiding commercial enterprise, in
creating and improving the facility of steam navi-
fation by contracts for the mails, was commenced ,
y Great Britain. France followed the example
tor a brief period only, in her short-lived Havre
and New York. line. The honor of maintaining-
the competition in that career of policy where the
struggle is for success in the improvement of
steam navigation and in the commerce of the
world, now devolves on the United States. Our
commencement (on the 1st June, 1847,) was on a
small scale, with the steam ship Washington, on
the route to Northern Germany. We now number
sixteen ocean steamers, in actual mail service on
routes to England and France, (as well as to Ger-
many,) to Cuba, the Isthmus of Panama, and the
ports of California and Oregon. And the number
will be twenty when the full complement under
the present contracts is furnished. It would be
unreasonable to suppose that the system has at-
tained its full growth. We may well anticipate
that other steam packet lines will be established
from the Atlantic and Gulf cities; will connect the
East Indies and China with California; and beex-
tended to the Pacific ports of South America.
The establishment of them devolves important
duties on the General Post Office. Postal arrange-
ments with the countries to which they areextended
are necessary, to enable the benefits to be enjoyed
which they are designed to confer as mail facilities.
Hence the postal arrangements made by this De-
partment with the post office authorities of Ger-
many, in 1847; and those which were effected
through treaty with Great Britain in 1848. Now
we have a line just established to France. Postal
arrangements with that Republic should follow,
so as to secure with it and the countries beyond,
advantages of like character with those obtained
from the lines to Germany and England. And it
is highly desirable to have like arrangements with
the authorities of Cuba, of Jamaica, and of Pana-
ma, to enable us to mail by our steam ships
through those places and by the foreign lines
there connecting, the correspondence of our citi-
zen! to points beyond, in the West Indies and on
the South Pacific coast. Besides the foregoing,
there are unfinished arrangements with Great
Britain, respecting the Canadian correspondence
with the United States, which have been withheld
from completion by Great Britain, on account, it
is supposed, of some important change in the rela-
tions between the mother country and the provin- ■
ces. The convenience of our public requires the
consummation of these arrangements, providing a
uniform rate for United States and Canadian cor-
respondence, with the privilege of prepaying the
postage, or sending unpaid. i
It is proper to state, m this connection, that the
minister of the King of Prussia having manifested
•a strong desire for the establishment of better
postal relations with this country, under negotia-
tions with him, the late Postmaster General di-
rected an agreement with the Post Office Depart-
ment of that kingdom to be prepared. It is now
under the consideration of that Government. The
object to be gained is a " closed mail" communi-
cation through England and Belgium; a uniform
rate of postage, combining with that of the United
States and Prussia the transit charges of Great
Britain and Belgium, with the right to prepay or
send unpaid; and a scheme of accounting between
the two Governments and with those of the inter- |
mediate countries—Boston and New York on our
part, and Aix-la-Chapelle on the part of Prussia,
to be the exchange offices. A recent post-union
convention between Austria, Prussia, and other
German powers, will give a wide effect to the
postal agreement with Prussia, whose frontier
town is the key-point to this extensive territory.
Its execution by Prussia is delayed to obtain lighter
transit rates through England and Belgium.
These, doubtless, could be secured by a convey-
ance in our Havre line and over the railroads of
France to Aix-la-Chapelle, through a proper postal
agreement with that Republic.
For the purpose of pointing out an important
| reform, I beg leave to refer to the fact, that soon
J after coming into office, you- discovered certain
i irregularities and abuses in that branch of post
! office business called "distribution of mails," and
! ordered most vigorous measures to correct them.
! Certain post offices designated for the purpose,
i collect and receive the mails, both in large and
: separate packages, from various points for partic-
; ular regions of country, and then distribute them
' to the several places to which they are addressed.
I They are landmarks to the distant offices, to guide
the course of their mails to remote points, ^receiv-
, ing them as they are made up at the mailing office,
and remailing them with a new post bill and new
entries in the accounts of " mails received" and
of " mails sent" to their respective destinations.
, For this service the distributing post office receives
; a commission of seven per cent. The evils inci-
, dent to this operation are, too frequent distribu-
! tion, and consequent unnecessary expense and
! delay. Originally the regulations of the Depart-
j ment contemplated two distributions on each trans-
i mission to a distant place—for many years past
but one; but, in fact, they occur so frequently, in
many cases, as to absorb almost all that remains
■ of the postage of the letter, after taking out the
delivery commission. The cause of these evils is
obvious. It is much easier to mail the letter to
the next distributing office, which is well known,
and so on, along the whole route, than to find out
the ultimate distribution circleto which the officead-
dressed belongs; and the avidity to swell the com-
j mission fund encouragesthepractice. Butthisisnot
the worst. On being detained to receive a distribu-
tion mailing, the letter, in ninety-nine cases out of
a hundred, loses its connection with the outgoing
mails, and serious unnecessary delays are thus
occasioned. In a former report, I showed that
"distribution" is obsolete in other countries, and
entirely unsuited to the present state of our mails,
j But a substitute scheme for forwarding mails for
the purpose of guiding them to distant places in
the right channels by positive regulation, is indis-
pensable. To effect the change, certain modifica-
tions of the present law, and provision for getting
up and putting in operation tne new plan, will be
necessary.
Let " distribution" be abolished upon all except
sea-going mails Issue written instructions, or
. rather partly written and partly printed, to every
post office in the United States how to bag its mat-
i ter and the matter of other offices passing through
j it, to every other office in the United States, the
; chief portion of which could be stated in said in-
i structions, under the names of States, or by coun-
i | ties in the State. What is here stated in so brief a
space would be a work of great labor, requiring for
its execution the best and most minute knowledge
of mail arrangements and the course of the mails,
that the Department possesses, to be aided by per-
sonal consultations with the principal postmasters
in all parts of the Union. Cm a line between two
given offices, the intermediate points where the
routes join each other, that give the most direct
course, would be specified as Ijagging points. Re-
tain one foot of your compass on one of these
■ftxtreme points and shift the other to a new point
on the circle, and you will see that new interme-
diary points of connection present themselves upon
the new line thus described, which will require a
new designation of bagging or forwarding offices,
in the selection of which it is important to con'sider
the frequency of their supply, the speed and con-
nections, and the probable amount of matter in
filling a bag. Apply this illustration to the whole
net-work of our routes, and consider how various
are the directions by which the mails traverse
them, and some idea may be formed how multi-
farious must be the instructions which this scheme
of bagging and forwarding will require. It would
take a year to get them up, probably more, and the
entire appropriation of an officer to the task. To
| be uniform and perfect, it should be the work
j of one mind throughout; and it would amount
| to the greatest practical reform ever introduced
! into the operations of the service. Under this
system, every letter would be mailed direct.
The account of mails sent would show (in the
column inserted for that purpose) to what office it
; was bagged. That office would forward it towards
! its destination by bagging it to the office to which
instructed to bag such matter, and thus it Would
proceed from one bagging or forwarding point to
another, to the post office addressed. There would
be no delay, as in distribution, at these forwarding
points, because there is nothing to do, but to shift
the package from one bag to another agreeably to
the specific regulation. And with how much less
I clerical force in the office could this process be per-
j formed, than the complicated operation of opening
'i the mail, re-sorting theletters, remailing them with
i I new post bills, and new entries in the accounts,
!' and rewrapping, tying and bagging it. And then
! the copying of these voluminous distribution ac-
' counts, and the labor and trouble of the settle-
ment are dispensed with. The saving in clerk
hire will be very great, and the business in all re-
spects be better done. The acounts can be more
j easily checked when they are confined exclusive-
ly to the mailing and receiving office, and the trace
of letters through the mails, in case of loss, can
, be made with far more certainty than now. The
large offices will object on account of the loss of the
| distribution commission, but the necessity of it
will in a great measure cease on being relieved of
| the distribution work. The force employed on it
i can be dispensed with. The labor of mailing
the matter originating at the large offices will
doubtless be greater than now, as mails will have
to be divided into a greater number of packages;
but this increase will be small in comparison with
the distribution work that will be discontinued.
If more clerk hire is necessary than what the de-
livery commissions will pay for, it will be better
and safer to submit the matter to the Postmaster
General to order such additional clerkships, and
pay for them out of the general fund, than incur
the liability to the abuses which you so well know
the present system is subject to.
The time has arrived when it becomes a pressing
duty to simplify and economize the operations of
the post offices. Congress will doubtless reduce
the rates of postage. A vast increase in the num-
ber of letters will be the consequenee, and a great
increase of business in the handling and charge of
these letters, in the processes of receiving, mailing,
delivering, and accounting. Duties that can be
j dispensed with, like those of distribution, should
be abolished, in order to apply the force occupied
lj by them, to more necessary labors.
! i The undersigned is satisfied, from a trial of
! fourteen years, that the business of the Contract
i office, faithfully performed, devolves on the officer
who has it in charge, what at the lowest estimate,
and on fair comparison, amounts to a double task.
Relief would be afforded, to some extent, without
', injury to the public service, by establishing agents
