1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate Ho. of Reps.
which follows the consumer in his purchases, in- |
creasin? his burden when prices are high, and i
taking it off as prices fall and his ability to bear it
increases. If applied to articles of subsistence, it
would operate as a heavy tax upon bread in a
year of famine, increasing with the intensity of
the evil, and gradually disappearing with the re-
turn of abundance.
The objection to the present system, from com-
mercial fluctuations in prices, is constantly forced
upon the attention of the Department by instances
of extreme inequality and prejudicial operation.
The European price of iron was, in 1846, greatly.
above that which has prevailed for the last two
years. If the duties upon bar iron had been levied
in tfrict accord with foreign cost, they would now
be but little more than one half of what they were
in 1846. By this process, besides the immense in-
jury inflicted upon domestic industry, our revenue
is made to fluctuate with these accidents and re-
vulsions in foreign commerce, and these accidents
and fluctuations, which originate abroad, are im- 1
ported with their attendant mischiefs.
Our revenue, as already stated, must be mainly
dependent on duties on imports. Those imports
from abroad can only be paid for by exports made
up of the products of our labor in all its varieties,
or in the precious metals. If our imports shall
exceed the value of our exports abroad in any
given year, to the extent of such excess do we
create "a foreign debt. If this operation be re-
peated for only a few years, it is obvious that it
will effect the withdrawal from us of a quantity of
the precious metals equal, or nearly so, to the :
amount of the accumulated debt, bringing with it
bankruptcy in all the departments of business,
consequent inability to purchase foreign goods,
and thus, for the time, causing a ruinous depres-
sion in the receipts of the Treasury. It then
becomes equally the duty of Congress and the in-
terests of the people (if possible) so to regulate
imjfOrts as to confine the importations into this
country to an amount about equal to such exports
of our own as can find a market at remunerative
prices abroad. The bare statement of the forego-
ing well-established laws of trade would' seem to
furnish a safe guide in all legislation on the subject.
Whilst importations should be secured, in
amount sufficient at a practical rate of duties to
supply the wants of the Treasury, such duties
should be adjusted in a manner to affect favorably
all industrial pursuits at home. If duties on the
necessary importations should have the effect to
impair the ability of the mass of the people to pur-
chase and pay for foreign goods, then importations
to that extent must cease, and by consequence the
revenue to an equivalent amount would be dimin-
ished.
It is believed that our own experience has shown ,
that our exports cannot be greatly extended, as j
some have supposed, by low duties upon foreign
goods in our ports. It is a fact within the obser-
vation of all that merchants and ship-owners are j
ever vigilant and alert, with all the knowledge '
which interest can impart, and all the skill which '
• experience can supply, to send abroad any and
every product of this country which can anywhere
find a profitable market. These agents, which are
always active, extend our export traffic at all times
to the utmost limit of advantage to the producer j
or carrier. If at any time a given article of ex-
port should be carried beyond the foreign demand,
reduced prices, the invariable result of over sup- 1
ply, brings loss upon all concerned. If a foreign
article is m like manner forced upon our own mar-
ket beyond the1 required supply, the effect of re-
duced prices, while it inflicts often ruinous losses
upon the importer from abroad, is felt by those
engaged in producing the like article at home, in 1
consequences tenfold more injurious, as the re-
duction of price in our own market extends to and
affects the entire labor of the whole country, which
may be employed in such manufacture or produc-
tions. Thus, while the injury is temporary and
limited in its effect upon the importer, it is often
lasting and widely extended upon the labor of our
own people. We see and feel it in the sudden
breaking up of establishments not yet sustained i
by an amount of capital which can afford to en- j
counter temporary suspension of sales and reduced
prices, or not yet worked with that skill and econ-
omy which long experience alone can impart. In
i such instances, labor is suddenly withdrawn from
| a diversity of pursuits, and driven to the produc-
, tion in a limited sphere; this again brings an
over-supply of whatever may be produced by the
common employments; while in the end it leaves
the market of the article, whatever it may be, the
production of which has been abandoned at home,
. at the mercy of the foreign supply alone.
The result in the end to the consumer is invari-
• ably a rise in the price of such articles, and, there
being no competition with the foreign producer,
he has possession of the market, and of course,
! supplies it at the highest price which the demand
will give him. His prices and profits, unchecked
by competition in such cases, continue to rise with
the increased demand and diminished home sup-
^Tlie operation and effect of these laws of labor
and trade, it is believed, have been frequently and
palpably exhibited in the history of our country.
It is from such experience that the general princi-
ples upon which our tariff laws are based have be-
come the common opinions of the people. Hence
the almost universal impression in our country pre-
vails, that, in assessing duties on foreign merchan-
dise, such discrimination should be made as will
have the effect of producing all articles which can
be manufactured at home in such quantity, if pos-
sible, as to raise up two markets for the consumer—
the home and the foreign—each competing with
the other, so that he may not be left to the mercy
of one, and that the foreign one alone.
The happy indirect effect of such legislation
upon the labor, and consequently on the perma-
: nent prosperity of our own country, is not the great-
j est, by any means, of the blessings it confers. By
giving diversity to the occupations and industrial
pursuits of the people, labor is rewarded, the abil-
ity to consume foreign products is attained, and
the wants of the national Treasury, dependent en-
tirely upon duties collected upon foreign imports,
are amply supplied.
While the great end—that of a competent reve-
nue—is thus surely reached by this policy, a larger
i amount of exports is at the same time obtained
towards paying for the required importations.
Our exports, as the commercial statistics will
show, are made up mainly of cotton, rice, tobacco,
breadstuff's, and provisions. These are the prod-
ucts of the soil, and are shipped to foreign ports
without more labor, as an element of price, than
is necessary to fit them for market in their first
and simplest condition. Our statistics disclose
' the fact, also, that breadstuffs and provisions, of
I which we can produce a larger surplus than any
other people, form comparatively a small addition
to our exports, particularly in years of plenty
abroad. These articles, iw the production of
which so large and interesting a portion of our
people are engaged, cannot find a market abroad
at such prices as the farmer can afford to receive,
except when famine or war creates a foreign and
exceptional demand.
In 1847—a year of famine in Europe—we ex-
ported of breadstuffs and provisions, without pre-
monition of the calamity which created the de-
mand, 168,701,121. This extraordinary export,
while our own market was fully supplied, put be-
yond doubt our ability to supply of these articles
I a surplus far exceeding the ability of any other
country, provided a market were found which did
not exhaust the value in the expense of transport-
ation. The extraordinary demand of 1847 was
not due to any legislation of our own, or of for-
eign nations. It was the result alone of the famine
' in Europe. Since that time the operation of the
; British revenue act of 1846 has wholly removed
the duties upon such foreign agricultural products
i as are used for food, and ours enter into competi-
| tion there with those of other nations. This free
Eassage through British custom-houses has not,
owever, increased the British demand; for we
find our exports diminishing in proportion as the
effect of the famine is overcome by the subsequent
abundance. Thus the export of breadstuffs and
' provisions in 1847 was $68,701,921; in 1848,
|37,472,751; in 1849, $38,155,507; and in 1850,
$26,051,373. (See statement —.) Our exports
I in 1831 (see same statement) of these articles were
j $17,538,227; in 1841, $17,196,102; and, at the ratio
of decrease exhibited since 1847, will, in 1851, but
I little exceed the latter amount.
The exports of rice in 1827 amounted to $2,-
343,908; in 1837 to $2,309,279; and in 1848, (the
year after the famine,) to $2,331,824; and in 1850
to $2,631,557. (Statement—.) These dates em-
brace a period of high and low duties, of compar-
ative free trade at home and in the principal mar-
ket abroad. These facts disclose the fallacy of
the principle so frequently urged, that, by indu-
cing heavy importations under a system of low du-
ties, we necessarily create a large corresponding
demand abroad for our own productions.
Whatever truth there may be in this principle,
as applied to the trade between other nations of the
world, in consequence of the relative nature of
their productions and manufactures, it has not the
same application to the United States, from the
simple fact that nearly all the supplies which the
latter furnish to foreign nations consist of articles
of necessity, the consumption of which is limited
to actual wants, and cannot be forced beyond that
demand by adventitious circumstances. When a
high degree of prosperity exists in the United
States, we see a large increase in the consumption
of most foreign productions, which may be gen-
erally classed under the head of luxuries; but we
have no such class of articles to tempt foreign na-
tions in like manner to extend their purchases
from us, in reciprocation for extended supplies
from them.
No nation will purchase from us, no matter how
prosperous may be her condition, a larger amount
of breadstuffs than the deficiency in her own abil-
ity to supply will require, even though we buy
from her double or treble the amount of her pro-
ductions. So, in like manner, when her crops
fail, she not only will, but must, take from other
countries what the wants of her population re-
quire, even though it be three or tenfold what
they take from her.
This principle was fully exemplified in thefam-
ine year of 1847, when our immense supplies of
breadstuffs to Europe caused such a heavy balance
in our favor, even though it did increase our im-
ports from the very cauSfe already alluded to, of
creating such a degree of prosperity in the coun-
try, as to extend our desire and ability for the
consumption of suck articles of foreign luxuries
as we could not supply ourselves; and the oppo-
site result is exhibited at the present time, wnen
we are making excessive importations, hot only
without an equivalent extra demand, but, on the
contrary, with a diminished one from Europe, far
below what she took from us when our importa-
tions were so much less than they now are.
The foregoing statements show that the farming
population of the country, without any extraordi-
nary stimulus, can produce a supply equal to
$68,701,121, to meet any urgent demand of a for-
eign market—an amount more than equal to the
average value of the export of cotton from this
country.
But we find this sum of nearly sixty-nine mil-
lions, which rewarded the toil of the farmer of
the country in 1847, dwarfed down in 1850 to the
comparatively insignificant amount of $26,051,373
—a falling off in the rewards of labor of the far-
mer alone in two years of $42,650,548.
When it is remembered that a very larg« pro-
portion of the citizens of this country are engaged
in the busines of fanning, and how much of the
permanent wealth and true glory of the Republic
depends on their well-being and prosperity, it
would seem to be the dictate of enlightened self-
ishness, as well as a duty of patriotism, so to
mould, if possible, the laws regulating trade and
revenue as to furnish for them at home a perma-
nent market with remunerating prices. As no
such market can be found abroad, it may be well
to suggest the inquiry whether legislation, in pro-
viding, of necessity, for revenue, shall not, by en-
couraging a diversity of employment in our own
country, secure the only safe and sure market for
our farming productions which can be obtained.
The policy here suggested is strengthened by a
comparison of the value and amount of the home,
as compared with the foreign market. It has been
estimated thWpur consumption of iood, raiment,
furniture, &®ris about $100 for each individual.
Of this sum, from $6 to $7 (as shown by state-
ment—) are of foreign productions; which, say
at $6 50 per head, would require an importation
of about $150,000,000. It will at once appear
