1850.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indjan Affairs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the whole tribe, so that all will be placed upon an
equal footing; and that as large a proportion of
their funds as practicable shall be set apart and
applied in such a manner as will secure their com-
fort, and most rapidly advance them in civilization
and prosperity. With such arrangements for this
tribe, and the adoption of a like policy towards
the Winnebagoes, now located in their vicinity on ,
the west side of the Mississ:ppi, and the Menom-
onies, soon to be removed there, the whole face
of our Indian relations in that quarter would in a
few years present an entire and gratifying change.
We would soon witness in this, our northern col-
ony of Indians, those evidences of general im-
provement now becoming clearly manifest among
a number of our colonized tribes in the southwest,
and which present to the mind of the philanthro-
pist and the christian encouraging assurance of
the practicability of regenerating the red race of
our country, and elevating them to a position,
moral and social, similar if not equal to our own.
There are two evils, in the section of country re-
ferred to, operating injuriously upon the welfare
and niterests of the Indians in that quarter, and
our citizens engaged in tradeamong them, which
require prompt attention, and 'X'hich must be sup-
pressed before our Indian relations there can be
placed upon a safe and satisfactory footing. These
are, first, the immense annual destruction of the
buffalo and other game by the half-breeds from the :
British side of the line, generally in the employ-
ment of the Hudson Bay Company; and,secondly,
the introduction of ardent spirits among our In-
dians by the traders of that company. The em-
barrassment and injury to our Indians, resulting
from the devastation of game by these foreign
depredators, have justly occasioned much dissatis-
faction among them, and, if not soon checked,
serious difficulties may well be apprehended. The
introduction of ardent spirits among the Indians
by the persons referred to is not only an aggra-
vated evit, but is derogatory to the authority and
dignity of this Government.
Our laws and regulations prohibit the introduc-
tion of spirituous liquor among the Indians, as well
as the ingress of foreigners into their country for j
purposes of trade, or indeed for any purpose,
without permission from the proper authorities.
A strict compliance with these laws and regula-
tions is required of our traders; while the traders
of the Hudson Bay Company, in contemptuous
disregard of them, frequently come over on our
side of the line, and, through .the nefarious
means of ardent spirits, carry on a corrupting
traffic with the Indians, injurious alike to them
and to our licensed and bonded traders. Suit-
able measures should be promptly adopted to
put a stop to these abuses; for which purpose the
establishment of a military post and an Indian
agency in that quarter will be indispensable; and,
in the present state of affairs, this cannot be done
at too early a period.
It yas expected that the Menomonies, for whom
a location has been provided between the Winne-
bagoes and Chippewas, would be removed this
year; but before the exploration of their new
country by a party of these Indians had been
completed, the season was too far advanced for the
tribe to emigrate before the approach of-Winter.
The President, therefore, in a just spirit of hu-
manity, gave them permission to remain in Wis-
consin until the first day of June next.
The Stockbridge and Munsee Indians residing
in Wisconsin having, in 1848, ceded all their lands
to-the Government, are expected to settle some-
where in the same region of country. The treaty
which provides for their removal stipulates that,
in the selection of a country for their future resi-
dence, they shall be consulted; and they have ex-
pressed a preference for a site in the vicinity of the
St. Peter's river. As soon as a suitable location
can be found for them, and their removal effected,
Wisconsin, like most of the other States, will be
relieved substantially of the evils of an Indian
population.
As usual with the Winnebagoes, in whatever
situation placed, a considerable number of them
have been restless and discontented in their new
location on the Upper Mississippi, to which they
were removed in the year 1848. This has arisen
less from any well-grounded objection to the coun-
try than from their own reckless disposition and
vagrant habits, together, possibly, with an omis-
sion on the part of the Government to do all that
might have been done for their comfortable settle-
ment in their new home. There was considerable
difficulty in effecting their removal; and a portion
of them, eluding the agent of the Government
charged with the superintendence of their emigra-
tion, remained behind. These, with others who
returned to their old haunts in Iowa and Wiscon-
sin, gave serious annoyance to our citizens by their
threatening conduct and actual depredations. The
white population became more or less alarmed, and
strong representations were made to the Govern-
ment of the necessity for their immediate removal.
The urgency appearing to be great, there was but
little time to make the necessary arrangements for
the purpose. A resort to military force was con-
sidered inexpedient, as it might have tended to ex-
asperate their feelings and lead to actual hostilities,
and it was greatly to be desired that they should
be taken to their country under circumstances cal-
culated to allay their discontent and dispose them
to remain.
My predecessor, therefore, with the concurrence
and approbation of the head of the department,
entered into a contract with a gentleman, recom-
mended for his high character and great influence
over these Indians, to remove them in" a kind and
judicious manner, and to make suitable and satis-
factory arrangements for their comfortable and
permanent settlement. It appears that the meas-
ure has thus far been attended with corresponding
results, and that the contractor is entitled to credit
for his energy and success in the prosecution of
his undertaking. ,
In examining the reports of my predecessors for
several years, I find a measure of policy strongly
urged with reference to the tribes located on the
borders of our western States, in which I fully
concur. It is, by a partial change in their relative
positions, to throw open a wide extent of country
for the spread of our population westward, so as
to save them from being swept away by the
mighty and advancing current of civilization, which
has already ingulfed a large portion of this hap-
less race. To a large majority of those that have
been removed there from the States we are under
obligations of the highest character, enjoined alike
by contract aifd conscience, to secure to them their
present homes and possessions forever; and, ere
j it be too late, we should make all the arrange-
ments necessary and proper to a faithful discharge
of its solemn duty.
Below the most southern of our colonized tribes,
we have an ample .outlet to the southwest; but an-
other of higher latitude is required, leading more
directly towards our remote western possessions.
A beginning will be made in carrying this measure
of policy and humanity into effect by the purchase,
as contemplated, from the Sioux, of a large portion
of their country; and it may be fully consumma- i
ted by the removal of a few tribes between the
Sioux territory and the Kanzas river, with whom |
we have no treaty stipulations guarantying in per- j
petuity their present possessions. Suitable loca- i
tions may be found for them south of that river,
where, secure in comfortable and permanent j
homes, they would be stimulated by the salutary |
influence and example of neighboring and more
enlightened tribes. I
That the border tribes in question are in danger !
of ultimate extinction from the causes indicated !
must be evident to every well-informed and re- '
fleeting mind; and it is equally clear that the adop- j
tion of the policy recommended is the only prac-
ticable means of averting the melancholy fate with !
which they are threatened. If they remain as i
they are, many years will not elapse before they \
will be overrun and exterminated, or, uprooted :
and broken-spirited, be driven forth towards the
setting sun, to perish amidst savage enemies on
the plains, or the sterile and inhospitable regions
of the Rocky mountains. Such a catastrophe
would be an abiding reproach to our Government
and people, especially when it is considered
that these Indians, if properly established, pro-
tected, and cherished, may at no distant day be-
come intelligent, moral, and Christian communi-
ties, fully understanding and appreciating the
principles and blessings of our free institutions,
and entitled to equal participation in the rights,
privileges and. immunities of American citizens.
It is among the tribes of our southern colony
that we find the most satisfactory and encouraging
evidences of material advancement in civilization;
and we need no better vindication of the wisdom
and humanity of our Indian policy, thus far, than
i the gratifying results among a number of these
.1 tribes. Surrounded in the States where they for-
merly resided by a white population continually
pressing upon them, and without the natural en-
terprise and energy or the intellectual culture re-
quisite to enable them to contend with a superior
race in any of those employments and pursuits
upon which the dignitv and happiness of man de-
pend—discouraged and depressed by their inferior
and helpless condition—they, with a fatal and
ruinous facility, adopted only the vices of the
white man, and were fast wasting away. In a
few years they would have become extinct, and,
like other once numerous and powerful tribes,
their names would have been preserved only in
the records of history. Removed from this un-
i fortunate, and to them unnatural, position—placed
; where they have the assurance and guarantee of
! permanent homes—-where they are, in a great
measure, free from those influences arising out of
I a close contact with a white population, so inju-
rious and fatal to them in their untutored state,
I and where the elements of civilization could be
| steadily and systematically introduced among
them—they are gradually increasing in numbers
and rapidly advancing in prosperity.
Several of these tribes have already abandoned
■ their original and crude forms of government, and
adopted others, fashioned more or less after the
model of our own, having regularly-established -
constitutions, of republican character, and written
laws, adapted to their peculiar state of affairs, with
proper and responsible officers to carry them into
execution. They, are adopting agricultural and
mechanical pursuits; and, through the efforts of
the Government and of various Christian soci-
eties, having become impressed with the necessity
and advantages of education, they are making
highly commendable exertions todisseminate morp
generally its blessings among them.
In addition to the means furnished by Govern-,
ment and liberally provided by missionary asso-
ciations, they >make large appropriations from
their own funds towards the establishment and
; support of manual-labor schools, which have been
I found efficient auxiliaries in imparting to them a
I knowledge of letters, agriculture, and mechanic
I arts, and of advancing them in civilization and
: Christianity. During the few years that institu-
[ tions of this description have been in operation,
I they have done much towards the accomplishment
r of these great objects; and, had they effected noth-
J ing more than to excite the desire for instruction
j now existing among a number of the tribes, the
j expenditures they have occasioned would not have
j been in vain. Introduced, however,as an experi-
! ment, we were liable to errors ill regard to them
which experience alone could develop; and, after
i much reflection, I am satisfied that there are de-
j fects in the system,as at present organized, which
must be remedied in order to insure its full degree
i of efficiency and usefulness. In my judgment,
, confirmed by the experience of others, the great
! error committed has been in establishing most ot
the institutions upon too large a scale. In conse-
quence of the heavy expenditures required to es-
tablish and maintain them, they are necessarily
limited in number, and so wide apart as to be at
an inconvenient distance from th"e great majority
of those for whose benefit they are intended.
Hence the advantages and benefits of the schools
are confined almost entirely to the neighborhoods
within which they are respectively located; for the
Indians at a distance being naturally averse to
having their children taken so far from their homes,
it often happens that the full complement of schol-
ars cannot be obtained. Besides, the congregation
of large numbers of Indian children, by affording
them more unrestricted opportunities of indulging
i in the use of their own language, seriously inter-
feres with their acquisition of the English torque, a
j knowledge of which is generally a prerequisite to
! their civilization. By diminishing the size and
expense of these institutions, they could be multi-
' plied and extended; there would be less difficulty
in obtaining the desired number of resident pupils;
j while others in the vicinity could be taught as day
