30 APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. [Nov. 30,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. Senate Ho. of Reps.
deputies, and can only be prevented by an active ! satisfaction of warrants and donations, exceeds, j! extinguishment of the Indian title, is 14.41 cents^
surveillance in the field, for which, andthe expenses 1 very considerably however, that of the preceding j' per acre: do of survey, 2.0* cents per acre; do. ol
attending it, there is no authority of law; or by the year. selling and managing, 5.32. Total average cost
employment of such deputy surveyors only as are The following statement of the amount of lands 21 4-5 cents per acre, while for each acre sold the
of unimpeachable character and high scientific at- sold and located by military land warrants, &e., , Government gets $1 25-100, or a net profit over
tainments. Since the discovery of the errors and in 1848, and 1849, and first three quarters of 1850, and above every cost and expense, of $1.03 1-5
frauds alluded to, special instructions have been exhibits the decrease in cash receipts, and the in- , per acre.
dispatched to the serveyors general to employ crease for 1849, in the amount of lands disposed of: I The whole force of the office has been actively
none but such as are of tried integrity and un- .teres. and vigorously employed in discharge of the oner-
questionable abilities, and additional regulations Sales in 1848 1,887,553.04 *$2,621,615 26 ous duties growing out of its current business.
have been adopted in regard to their bonds, in Mexican war war- m ftn The quarterly accounts of the receivers of public
order to insure, as far as possible, a reimburse- '-i',V'' 'M...equal to.. moneys, both as receivers and disnursing agents,
nient to the Government if the surveys, now in „t 18U 378,058.57.. .equal to.. 472,573 21 have all been adjusted to, and includiiig^the third
progress of execution, should not come up to the Impro\euients of quarter of the current calendar year. Hie sales,
requirements of the Department. The most cer- , rivers, Sic...  321,188.33...equal to.. 401,48551 selections, locations, &c., have nearly all been ad-
tain preventive, however, of this difficulty would Chi.ciavvcvruhuated^^ugjO...equal to.. ,1,06 justed, posted, and entered up to the same period,
be to extend the provisions of the act of 30th Sep- Total acres 4.933.009 04 $6,428,435 35 a,id the issuing of the patents for sales, private
tember last, so as to authorize, in all cases, a ju- grants, donations, and military bounty lands, has
dicious combination of the geodetic with our pres- Jlcrei. ' been pressed forward as rapidly as the means
ent admirable rectangular system of surveys. By Sales in 18-19 1,329,91)2.77 £1,756,890 42 1 placed at our disposal for that purpose would per-
this process the work of each deputy will be a 405,520.00...equal to.. 4,256,900 00 mit", Numerous suspensions of land entries in
check upon the others, and any error will neocs- state elections, act nearly all the divisions of the office, some ot which
sarily lead to examination and detection. The of 1811  259,806.60...equal to.. 324,758 25 for years have produced much difficulty and cor-
exact geographical position of all important objects Improvements of respondence, have been taken up and disposed of,
will be determined, and the principal topograph!- '.equal to" 1?,419 i® an« the hiive been discharged with
cal and geological features of the country ascer-   commendable diligence.
tained and reported. Total acres 5.184,410.91 $6,575.025 59 There has been a material increase in the general
All this can readilv be accomplished, without   —   — business of the office, consequent upon the claims •
materially retarding tfie progress of the surveys, Jtcret. to lands for military services.
or increasing their costs by the employment of Sa|ps<luar- _ This increase arises not only from examination
competent surveyors, and the use of proper instru- Ivar'war- 8G9'08i'33 $1,129,186 oO 0f t||e warrants and assignments, and the carrying
nients. rants for 1st 2d of the locations by engrossing clerks into patents,
To secure the services of such persons n fair and part of 3d but from the additional duties connected with those
compensation should be allowed, and, in order to quarter 1,520,120.00...equal to.. 1,900,150 00 claims, which are devolved upon the accountants
insure uniformity in the work, in has been con- c^taweirnfieaies ^Mo'.W.'.'.eq^'l 65 a"d book-keepers of the several divisions of the
eluded to procure suitable instruments, and to    office in charge of the sales of the public lands. In
dispose of them to the deputies, at prime cost, in- Total acres  2,815,366.42 $3,562,041 62 those divisions all military bounty land locations
eluding transportation, reserving the right of i Prom this statement it will be perceived that the are compared with the tract book of sales, in order
repurchase. aggregate amount of land disposed of in 1849, to determine whether they are correct in desiojna-
Should a deputy leave the service for any cause, considerably exceeds that of 1848. There is a tion, and free from interference, after which there
those instruments can be purchased from him by fallm" off in the current fiscal vear caused proba- 's a permanet registry made m those books of such
the surveyor general, at such reduction from the |3]„ Pmjo-ration to the Pacific—the extensive locations, in order to show the manner in which
cost as may appear fair as second-hand instu- reservations~ifor the railroad from Chicago to Mo- the located tracts have been disposed of, and to ar-
ments, and sold to his successor at the same rate, an(j tjlp f.lft most Qf the military war- rest hereafter a further disposal of them, and thus
To carry out these views, an item has been intro- rfm,'s have be'en located and the State selections prevent conflict of title.
duced into the estimates, for which an appropna- disposed of. During the past year seven thousand two hun-
tion is recommended. This system would seem J Since the last annual report, over six millions of dred and fifteen Mexican bounty land claims have
to be specially adapted to pur borders on the Pa- i' aeres 0f ]all(ls have been brought into market and been examined, and carried into patents, the
cific, so far as the general features of that section about seven millions are now prepared for sale whole of which have been forwarded direct to the
have been ascertained. The elevated and striking and will be offered early in the ensuin<* season ' parties entitled, and several thousand more are
objects, presented by the bold outlines of the moun- Various opinions have been formed and ex- nearly ready for transmission.
tains, would he admirable points with which to pressed of the cost of the public lands, and of sur- "^''e whole number of Mexican warrants issued
connect a series of triangulations, from the bases veyin"- selling and manao'in" them in'comparison and transmitted to this office is seventy-five thousand
laid down in. running the parallels and meridians wl'th the revenue derived from then! eight hundred and sixty, of which fifty-two tliou-
necessary to the rectangular surveys, and from That this matter may be correctly understood, sand two hundred sixty nine have been located,
these points full views of the whole of the inter- and the value of these lands as a source of reve- covering seven million eight hundred and forty
mediate valleys could be given. nuej ))e properly appreciated, I be"- leave to state thousand four hundred and forty acres.
By combining these triangulations with the rec- t|lnt n careful' examination iT is ascertained ^"he act granting Mexican bounty land claims
tangular surveys, and a full geological description, t]ult ty,t; entjre areaof the public, domain, exclusive was construed to authorize their assignment, which
the most perfect maps of that region could be pro- t|le |an,is jn Oregon California New Mexico opened a door for the commission of extensive
duced, excelling those of any other section of the Utah, the Indian and Nebraska Territories was frauds, as well upon the soldier and his heirs as
country. It would admit also of a departure from 404 103 750 acres. " ' the Government. Numerous discharges have been
the rectangular system when necessary, along " ' ' forged, and warrants obtained thereon, and assigned
streams, in narrow valleys, where it maybe found 1 • ' n^'re^iJTio?''!; !lnd. I,asse.d !,?to lhe lmm,s honi! ,Me purchasers
expedient to survey the lands into tracts fronting amounts to   ,«tia5,339.092 ">* individuals personating the soldier.
on the rivers, and running into the uplands for The co.-t of the whole of these * Persons assuming to act as agents m procuring
timber, similar somewhat in character to the sur- lands mclndinir the amount bounty lands have 111 many eases imposed upon
veys in Louisiana, authorized by the acts of the tlir"Vh•■''fIori?l"V"'and the soldiers by obtaining assignments of their war-
3d March, 1811, and 24th May, 1824, with this amount paid for evtinsui'siuns rants duly acknowledged before a magistrate or
difference, that the tracts should be larger and the Indian title, was $61,121,717 notary, leaving blanks tor the number, date of the
subject to subdivision by lines to he drawn from A ""'j"', "le.ve la"<ishas. warrant, and date of assignment and arknowledg-
posts set at equal distances on the front, to corre- w h i" h 'i'a r 1 \ n«' -a I an eV of ment. Those blanks were filled up after'.lie issue
sponding posts in the rear, and the back lines to be surveyors general ami clerks, - of the warrants, so that the assignments appear
surveyed in the cardinal points, so as to conform and e\peri<e.- nttendins the sur- 011 their faces to be fair and regular, and executed
to the lines of the rectangular surveys in the rear. Le"\hnTiVviif 'tiiVi ' 'd's "1 6,369,838 after such issue. Warrants thus assigned are
Inthe placers, and other valuable minerailocations, be.Mi'snid.'VuMhTwho'l'e passed into the hands of innocent purchasers, and
authority should be given for subdividing the sec- cost of selling and managing 111 such cases the soldier is generally defrauded of
tions or other divisions, into lots of suitable size tlie same, including every e\- his land, as it is difficult, if not impossible, tor him
for mining purposes, and reservations should he pen>e not previously charged, to explain or controvert the assignment.
made along the margins of streams in and adja- "  Transfers are also frequetitly niade, under and
cent to the mineral regions, for the miners, and to Aurejate outlay of every kind  74,957,879 in virtue of blank powers of'attornev, surrepti-
be free to them in common for washing out the  tiously obtained from the soldier before'lit idt'idi-
«ie. Net Pr°m 10 Government  $60,381,213 flf }m ^ up .^erwmls.
In consequence of the °;reat number of bounty or an average of nearly one million and a quarter There are also numerous cases where the sn.dirr
land warrants issued and located, the low rates at of dollars annually, for the last fifty years. has lost his warrant, or it has been sto'en. and
which those warrants have been sold, averaging If to this should be added, the 'value, at $1 25 -afterwards put in circulation by a simu'ated as-
only about*eighty cents per acre, the grants and per acre of the land granted in bounties tor military signment.
donations made to the several States for internal services, and for internal improvements, donations, Some estimate may be formed of the extent of
improvements and other purposes, the sales of the- itc., it would amount to nearly double this sum. these frauds, from the fact that about three hun-
P'.i  !ie lands during the past year have been com- This will be more fully appreciated when it is un- dred warrants have been cancelled on the ground
parm \ ely hunted. derstood that the average cost to the Government of bavin1* been obtaim d on f.i'se or forged [ apers,
I he whole quantity sold and appropriated in of acquiring title to the public lands, including the and about two hundred and seventy-five have been
