32
31st Cong "2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
[Nov. 30.
Sknatk &i Ho. of Reps.
those m Officii; being ire lit'rally of a larger urea—
some indeed ot' an immense extent—and resting
upon inceptive mid other titles, m various stages
< t maturity, .is derived from the Governments of
Old Spam and Alexico, and ti great portion of
which are probably unaided by any actual sur-
vey under the Governments from which they were
derived. To settle tnese claims, it is recommend-
ed that legislation be had analagous to a plan pre-
sented in a bill introduced into the Senate at the
last session, which looked to the appointment of
a Board of Commissioners, with power to visit
different places in California, under the orders of
. the President, and to take testimony of all the
facts relating to the validity or invalidity of the
respective claims, and to report the same, with
their opinion, to the Department, subject to the
revision of a tribunal consisting of the Secretary
of the Interior, Attorney General, and Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, who shall have
power to render final decrees of confirmation, as
against the United States, and to be followed by
a United States survey and patent. They should
also have power to re]ect all claims which, in their
opinion, are not valid under the treaty; but, in
case of any such rejection, the claimants should
have the right to appeal from such decision, and
bring the case, by petition, and a transcript of all
the evidence and proceedings, before the district
or circuit court of the United States for the proper
district m California, who shall thereupon enter
up a decree, or decision, from which an appeal
may be taken by either party to the Supreme
Court of the United States, whose decision there-
on shall be final and conclusive.
Ill the event of confirmation of a claim by such
court, a survey to be made ands patent to issue,
as in other cases; but when the decision shall
be against the claim, the lands ipso facto to be
treated as public lands of the United States, and
disposed of accordingly. By the adoption of such
a measure it is believed that the ends of justice
will besubserved, the whole matter will be brought
to a final decision and ad justment within a reason-
able period, and all claims that are valid and
should be respected, will be recognized, and separ-
ated from the public lands, which can then be dis-
posed of without danger of contlit with the bona
Jide interests of private individuals.
By different treaties negotiated with Indian tribes,
reacliing back to the early times of the Republic,'
and extending up to a late period, the United States
have recognized numerous claims to individual In-
dian reservations. These may be ranged into
several classes—a few usufructuary; others, anda
very large class, in which the Government has
agreed to confer the fee simple, .sometimes stipula-
ting that the sale shall not be made without the
sanction of the President of the United States;
and o'hers without such condition. In some of
those classes it is required that patents shall issue
direct to the reservee, as in the Pottawatomie,
Miami, and Chickasaw treaties; others, as under
the 19th article of the Choctaw treaty of 1830, to
issuse to the first purchaser from the Indian, upon
thepresentation of deeds approved by the President.
There is also a class of between six and seven
thousand, in which immense labor has been re-
quired of this braii'-h of the service, pursuant to
treaty of 1S32 with the Creek Nation, and the act
of Congress approved July 5th, 1838, directing
patents to issue to the last regular assignee, what-
ever nlay be the number of intermediate assign-
ments.
By the treaty of 1832, the Chickasaws ceded to
our Government certain lands in the northern part
of Mississippi and Alabama, with a stipulation
that they were to be sold by the United States and
the net proceeds paid over to them. Thatcession,
as heretofore reported, has all been duly surveyed,
platted, and found to contain. .6,718,586.27 acres.
But of this area ind ividual Indian
reservations, which have been
recognized, cover 2,421,679.86 do
Leaving subject to sale 4,296,906.41 do
Of this quantity there have been
sold, up to 30th September
last 3,997,588.97 do
Besides the sales of " public lands," there have
been disposed of by the land officers in the ces-
sion 36,005.68 acres of "Orphan reservations,"
under the 8th article of the treaty ot 1834.
The whole of this cession has been brought
into market, with the exception of one section re-
served for the use of the local offices.
The unsold lands, under the operation of the
graduation system, have reached the minimum
price fixed by the treaty, of 12j cents per acre,
except a few tracts whichare now subject to entry
at 50 cents per ticre.
There have been issued—
For public lands in this cession.. .22,459 patents.
For reservations  2,200 "
Leaving unsold at that date... 299,317.41 do
Total 24,650
All of which have been duly recorded in this
office, and the accounts of the receiver have been
adjusted up to 30th September, 1850.
It may afford some idea of the amount of labor
which has been required and performed in conduct-
ing thus for the land operations in the Chickasaw
cession, by reporting the fact that the records in
this office, in connection with this particular busi-
ness, comprise ninety-three folio volumes.
In the annual report of 1849 from this office, in
consideration of the gradual winding up of the
Chickasaw operations, the diminution of sales, and
the comparative small amount of business now re-
quired to be transacted in the cession, I suggested
and recommended legislation with a view to cor-
responding reduction in the expenses. To that
report in the present matter I beg leave to make
special reference, and to reiterate my recommenda-
tion m the premises, unless indeed it should be the
pleasure of Congress to pay the Indians for the
residue of their lands, at the minimum price of 124
cents per acre, investing the amount in United
States stocks, and devoting the interest to the en-
dowment of schools in theChickasawnation. The
lands thus purchased could be attached to the next
adjacent United States land district.
The preemption business has been progressing
in a very satisfactory manner. Nearly all the
claims under the acts prior to 1841 have been finally
disposed of, many of which were very important,
from the value of the property at issue and the
complexity of questions involved. .
The act of 4th September, 1841, prospective iff
its character, has been beneficial in its operation,
securing, as it does, to every settler who desires it,
the right to enter without competition the land im-
proved and settled on,and generally enabling him,
by ordinary industry, to realize from the soil suffi-
cient means to pay for the same, before he is re-
quired to do so by law. The operations under
this act have been reduced, as far as practicable,
to a system, and proceed with harmony and effi-
ciency.
In fact, the only modification that could, in my
opinion, be made of it, with advantage to the pub-
lic, is to require settlers, in addition to the present
notice of settlement, as a preliminary step, to
make oath of their intention to enter, and prove
that tiiey have, in good faith, made the settlement
and improvement contemplated by law. This
provision, it is believed, would remedy any ex-
isting abuses, and afford every requisite facility to
bona fide settlers.
The bounty land and scrip business under the
war of the Revolution, and that of 1812, is being
wound up as speedily as possible, pursuant to the
legislation of Congress.
Many vexed questions still arise under this
branch, and new cases are daily presented for the
action of the office.
Under the act passed by Congress on the 28th
September, 1850, " to enable the State of Arkan-
sas and other States to reclaim the swamp lands
within their limits," it was decided, with your ap-
probation, to charge the surveyors general of the
several States in which their offices existed, in the
first place, with making out lists of the lands
granted to those States by that law, and, where
those offices were abolished, to devolve that duty
on the land officers of the respective districts.
Full instructions have been made out, and trans-
mitted for this purpose, and by those instructions
the act of Congress will be carried out—the right
^ to all the swamp and overflowed lands, unfit for
cultivation, secured to the States, and the interests
of the Government protected.
The State of Louisiana having made the neces-
sary arrangements to defray the expense of select-
ing the swamp lands therein, under the act of 2d
March, 1849, the necessary instructions for that
purpose were issued; and, at the instance of the
delegation from that State, a special agent was or-
dered there to arrange and determine the princi-
ples on which that grant should be adjusted, who
discharged the duty entrusted to him, and made
his report, which was laid before Congress. In
accordance with the instructions thus issued, and
the principles established, the State proceeded to
make the selections, and has made considerable
progress therein.
The law recently passed embraces Louisiana, ■
and increases the grant made by the act of 1849.
Instructions have also been prepared for all the
district land officers, under the act of'28th Septem-
ber, 1850, "granting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States."
In order that the liberal views of Congress, in
passing this law, should be fully carried out, and
all possible expense saved to the brave and patri-
otic citizens, for whose benefit it was enacted, in
locating their lands, and at the same time to pro-
tect the improvements of the hardy and industrious
pioneer settlers, it has been determined, with your
i approval, to waive the affidavit heretofore required,
that there is no improvement on the land proposed
to be located, but to publish notices for all settlers
upon the public lands to come forward and notify
tne land officers of their improvements; and to re-
11 quire that the warrants shall remain forty days in
| i the local offices, after they have been located.
| This will give the settlers full time to file notices
of their settlements and improvements, as now re-
quired by law. During the time a warrant is thus
retained m the hands of the land officers, if it is
found that it has been located upon the improve-
ment of a settler, that location will be annulled,
and a new one made for the warrantee. Arrange-
ments have also been made for locating all war-
rants that may be sent to this office for that pur-
pose.
The instructions for the surveyor general of
Oregon required a combination of the geodetic with
the rectangular system, as explained in the pre-
ceding part of this report, and as required by the
act of 27th September, 1850, establishing the office
of surveyor general of that Territory.
The geological surveys of the northern parts of
Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa, authorized by
the acts of 1st and 3d March, 1847, have been
brought to a close, and it is expected that the final
reports of the geologists will be received in time to
belaid before Congress at an early period of the
session, if not to accompany this report. From
the scientific character of those gentlemen, the care
taken by them in the execution of their work, and
from the synopsis presented, I am satisfied that
their reports on those interesting regions will be
among the most valuable works of the kind ever
presented, and materially advance the cause of
science in these particulars.
Immediately after the passage of the act of 20th
September last, "granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the States of Illinois,
Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid of the construc-
tion of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile," in-
structions were sent to the land officers of the dis-
tricts through which that road will pass, directing
them to reserve from sale or entry of any kind and
all the lands within suitable distance on each side
of that road, until the grant is adjusted.
This measure was adopted to prevent the lands
along the route from being located by speculators,
thus securing to the States the benefits contem-
plated by the law, and preserving for future dis-
posal by the Government the lands in the alternate
sections along the road, the minimum price of
which was doubled by that law.
Under the act of 26th September, 1850, to re-
duce the minimum price of the mineral lands m the
Lake Superior district, in Michigan, and in the
Chippewa district, in Wisconsin, the whole of
the mineral land, in those districts which have
been surveyed, will be brought into maiket as
early as practicable next season, at the reduce
minimum, arrangements having been made tor
