34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec.,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
General Lane—Mr. Whitcomb.
Se
nate.
Such bring the fact, when all are left free and
umrammeled to prosecute their labors, wholly un-
constrained ux to time or place, niul to enjoy the
fruits of their toil, what would be the state of
t'v.ngs if the country were swarming with office-
holders, and the enterprising emigrant, after sur-
moun iiijr the most appalling difficulties, dangers,
end hardships, should find himself subject to the
die at on of a^ent-i of the Government, to direct
his movements and require of him a share of the
means acquired by trying efforts and herculean
labor.
I therefore recommend that the lands in Califor-
nia be sold. Those that are agricultural, in the
ordinary way; and those that contain valuable
minerals in small lots, and subject, at first, to an
increased minimum; that these mineral lands, after
due public notice, be put up to the highest bidder,
in quan'ities only to suit the demand; that, after
such offering, if they remain unsold, to be subject
to entry at an increased minimum.
And if it be the determination of Congress to
secure a recompense for the valuable mineral con-
tained in those lands, that they provide by law
that all those minerals shall be assayed, in Califor-
nia, by the United States; that a given ratio of the
same, thus assayed, shall inure to the Govern-
ment; and that no mineral shall be exported from
the country until it is thus assayed.
The business of this office has been greatly in-
creased by the general and special legislation of
Congress, granting bounty lands, providing for
the adjustment of private claims, and making do-
nations to the States for internal improvements.
Besides all this, we have, in anticipation, the ardu-
ous and immense lahors incident to the manage-
ment of the " private land claims," and of the
" public lands" in our new acquisitions, which,
doubtless, to a greater or less extent, will be as-
signed to this office by early legislation.
Notwithstanding the actual accumulation of du-
ties, and those in prospect, it is not proposed at
this time to ask any addition to the employees of
this office, as it is hoped that, by an energetic and
zeafous application of our present force to the pub- :
lie business, it will be found adequate to the reali-
zation of the just expectations of the country. !
For the statistics alluded to in the foregoing, I
beg to refer to the accompanying statements in al-
phabetical order; and for the condition of the sur-
veys, to the able reports herewith from the sur-
Tevors general.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
J. BUTTERF1ELD, Commissioner.
Hon. A. H. H. Stuart,
Secretary of the Interior.
general lane.
REMARKS OF MR. WHITCOMB,
of indiana,
In Senate, Wednesday, December 18, 1850,
In defence of General Lane.
Mr. WHITCOMB said: Mr. President, I wish
very briefly to do justice to an absent individual,
a citizen of my own State, who, and wjiose friends,
had not anticipated the imputation upon his offi-
cial conduct that was thrown out the other day '
by the Senator from Ohio. I allude to the case
of General Lane, late Governor of Oregon. The
Senator assigned as a reason for his removal that
he had delayed making a report for " a very long
time." There was no statement that he had not
made a report, but merely that he had delayed it.
Nor was any exception taken to the character of
the report itself, as to its fullness, its accuracy, or
its being satisfactory in every respect.
When making a few remarks the other day,
repelling that attack, I was, as I then intimated,
not in possession of the facts necessary to enable
me to do full justice to General Lane. I have ,
since had time to possess myself of some authen-
ticated particulars, "a simple statement of which,
in addition to what I then said, will be sufficient for
his triumphant vindication. I now wish in brief
them upon the record, in order that
the charge may be accompanied by its refutation.
General Lane's commissi on as Governor of Ore-
gon bears date as late as August 18, 1848; and
L,T! A. r"a<'y him at St. Louis on the thir- ;
ay afterwards, on his way overland to the jj
I Pacific. He had in the mean time, with that re-
markable promptitude and energy which have
ever characterized him, hastily arranged his pri-
vate affairs, equipped himself for a distant and
perilous journey, and taken leave of his family
and of the endearments of home for a long and
uncertain period. He had scarcely rested from
brilliant campaigns in Mexico, in which lie had
won imperishable laurels as a military commander,
and the title of the Marion of the Mexican war,
and lie now, at the summons of his country,
promptly dedicated himself once more to her ser-
vice in a civil capacity.
On the 10th of September, at Fort Leavenworth,
he set his face westwardly for the performance of
a long and tedious journey, over inhospitable wilds,
and the snow-capped Nevada, then but seldom
traversed by the foot of civilized man. He was
accompanied by only twenty-five men, under
Lieutenant Hawkins, of the rifles, having ex-
pressly declined a larger force which had been
offered him by the Government. He and his little
command were engaged in the prosecution of their
hazardous undertaking throughout the entire Win-
ter. All his horses and mules successively gave
out, and he traveled hundreds of dreary miles
through wintry snows and on foot. There was
no privation or labor that he did not cheerfully
divide with his men, even to the cooking of his
own food. He soothed them by his kindness,
cheered them by his voice, and encouraged them
by his example. He at last reached Oregon with
but nine men, the remnant of his little party, on
i the 3d of March, 1849.
Keeping in mind the accusation of delay, it is
clear that he was not obnoxious to it up to that
time. Finding him now on the theatre of his du-
ties, it is natural and proper to inquire what those
duties were. Among others, the act of Congress
of August 14, 1848, approved only four days be-
fore the date of General Lane's commission, re-
quired him, in the first place, to cause a census or
enumeration of all the white inhabitants of the
. Territory to be taken. He was then to assign to
; each county or district the proportion of repre-
sentation in the Territorial Legislature to which
it should be entitled, to fix a day for the election
of the members, and give sixty days' notice of it
by proclamation. After the election, it devolved
on him to appoint a day for the meeting of the
Legislature, and give not exceeding ninety days'
notice of it. The first session of the Legislature
was by law limited to not exceeding one hundred
days.
In view of the condition of the settlers at that
time, who were entirely destitute of any govern-
ment or organization except such as 'had been
adopted by them from sheer necessity in their pri-
mary capacity, General Lane's duties as Governor
of the Territory were of far more importance than
i those which devolved on him as Superintendent
of Indian Affairs, and challenged his first and ear-
liest attention. Especially was it his duty to pro-
vide for the government, the protection, and the
welfare of that weak and distant colony, which
had been so long deprived of the fostering care
of the General Government—to attend, in other
words, to the condition of the settlers, before in-
forming the Department, at more than four thou-
sand miles distance, of the condition of the Indians.
Giving the priority, then, to his executive duties,
and putting together the different periods established'
by law within which they were required to be per-
formed—that is to say, sixty days'notice of the
territorial election, ninety days' notice allowed for
the meeting of the Legislature, one hundred days'
notice for the length of the first session, and if
only thirty days be allowed for taking the census,
we have in all more than nine months, which the
circumstances of the Territory mi^kt require
should be occupied in the discharge of these im-
portant duties, before General Lane ought to have
been required or expected to attend to the prepara-
tion of his report on Indian affairs. This would
have brought it down to December 3, 1849, even
supposing him to commence his labors the mo-
ment he arrived in Oregon, without an interval of
rest after his long and fatiguing journey.
But, independent of this consideration, he would
have been justified, I presume, in postponing ac-
tion in the premises, and remaining quiescent, in
the absence of the formal written instructions
which had been prepared for his guidance, but
I which did not reach him in Oregon until the mid-
dle of June, about three months and a half after
his arrival. Besides, but a partial supply of funds
was received by him to defray the necessary ex-
penses, and that not until the month of April.
What was General Lane's conduct under these
circumstances? Did he javail himself of any of
these excuses, legitimate as they were, to defer
action and to consult his own ease and quiet? No,
sir; the very day after his arrival he issued his
proclamation, and appointed suitable persons to
take the census in every part of the Territory.
The enumeration was accomplished, and accom-
j plished too without a cent of money. But the
j want of money was compensated by his personal
influence, by the confidence and attachment he in-
spired among the people, and by the zeal in the
I public service of those whom he employed. The
apportionment was made among the different dis-
tricts, the election was held, and the Legislature
finally convened in the early part of July, only
two or three weeks after the instructions came to
hand; and not until these instructions arrived were
appointments received of sub-agents of Indians,
whose duty it was to aid the Governor in the col-
lection of information for the preparation of his
report as Superintendent of Indian Affairs. Yes',
of this very report, which he is now censured for
delaying " a very long time." No sub-agents re-
ceived their appointments to assist him until the
middle of June, and yet it was determined, and
actually attempted to remove him by sending a
, commission to a successor, (a citizen of Indiana,)
II bearing date as early as the 9tli of August follow-
11 ing. Here, then, we have the late Cabinet, in the
I plenitude of their magnanimity, allowing General
1 Lane less than two months within which to ex-
amine three hundred and fifty thousand square
miles of territory, and to ascertain, as far as prac-
ticable, the names, location, numbers, character,
and dispositions of the various tribes and bands of
Indians inhabiting its surface, and for his report
afterwards to reach Washington. Bear in mind,
too, that there was no regular mail communication
with Oregon until June last.
I have said that General Lane did not wait for
money or instructions before entering upon the
active discharge of his executiveduties. But, sir, he
was not satisfied to stop there. Although, as before
remarked, his duties as Governor claimed his first
regards, yet he found time, besides discharging
them promptly, to give his unwearied and personal
attention to his duties as Superintendent of Indian
Affairs. Long before any sub-agents received their
appointments to assist him, within the very month
after he reached the shores of Oregon, he made a
journey of three hundred miles, going and return-
j ing, to certain tribes on the Columbia river, on
,| business connected with the duties of his office;
held a " talk" with some of them, and succeeded
I in effecting a peace between two tribes that were
; at war with each other. In the following month,
(May,) hearing of the murder of Wallace by the
Indians on Puget's Sound, at some two hundred
miles distance, and that they threatened to destroy
the settlement there, consisting of but ten families,
who were in hourly expectation of an attack, he
visited that place for the purpose of putting it in a
state of defence. There were then no troops in the
country except some eight or nine men of the rifles.
With six of these he performed the journey, (as
he did that up the Columbia,) on foot and in ca-
noes, and effected his ultimate object by bringing
the guilty to punishment by due course of law,
and restoring peace and quiet to the settlement.
Thus, sir, while the civil organization of the
T erritory was maturing under his general direction,
he found time to acquaint himself, by travel and
observation, with the character and disposition of
the savages by which the settlements were sur-
rounded, and of protecting the inhabitants against
their murderous depredations. These are some of
the important objects accomplished by General
Lane for the safety and welfare of our weak and
scattered colony on the Pacific coast, at an early
period of his mission, in the face of almost insur-
mountable obstacles, and with very limited means.
And so little interest, it would seem, did the late
Cabinet then take in our affairs there, or in the
struggle in which he was thus engaged, that at the
time of finishing his report, in October, 1849, they
