I860.]
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONALGLOBE.
37
31st Cong 2n Scss.
Land Title* in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. or Reps.
itAnnl h), it seems it was published in the Ongom
jperfatw of September 1-, 15*50. In the same pa-
par umt* <u i\ seurrilou* lector ) u Wished, over
Ur ntMinrr of John MeLau|hlin, which letter
a aiKlm!«4 to hare been written by one J. Quina
Th«w.iu>a, his attorney, in which I and the people
ef Oregon are alike attacked and slandered. The
pe«ptr «' Oiegon are charted with dishonesty,
and ore «prm the title of " adder*," and compared
u> the viper in the fable, which, being taken into
the buaoai of a (enetroua man, when in a helpless
•tale. and warmed into hfe and strength, bit his
beneta-tor for recompense. In a subsequent num-
ber the Spttlitor, the proceedings nf a uieetin*
M Oresnn < '<T, where (hta memorial originated,
are published, with this memorial at length; and
to mxke the matter look as imposing as possible,
the name* of the geatWmen who signed it are
paraded in saeh a manner, aa la make one believe
the  t^wn were aH present at the meeting and
there signed it, and that (try constituted only a
part of the meeting! when I have the best of au-
thority for saying, thaw were ortly twenty-four
men in attendance. Let it be remembered, that
on'y twenty-four men attended the meeting, and
then 1 will quale from the publiahed proceedings
of the meeting, to show the eagerness of Thorn-
ton and Wait to pass mat resolutions laudatory
of their master, to get a chance to slander the
good people of the country. The published pro-
CTfdmji say: " The memorml having been adopt-
ed, the mawv-rty of those present signed it and
retired," (leaving, of course, elcten or under.)
" After which A. E. Wait, Esq., offered the foil© w-
* my resolution, which be discnaaed some twenty
* minutes, when, on motion of the Secretary of the
'meeting, it was adopted:
'* amiirf, TM w  ngnd Iks ntaedaa of Ike Oispan
CHy riika sMae Ihr rwmkas, as aaeallrt ftr by any
fwMnMi imMs a( Ma eiaasas af ika Tunny, aad
M uiWim aad U)M lo Dr. J. MrL—gkka "
" Judge J. (Umd Thornton offered the follow-
* ing resolution, which was adopted after he had
4 auie a short speech, showing that many persona
'hwi been guilty of the deepest ingratitude to-
* wards their bene&etor, (McLaughlin,) by not
* paying their debts, and secretly signing a petition
* Lo take away his property:
- AmM, That Or. John VeLaaghlin SKfita tte grati-
tude of msMtade* or penont in Oregon, for the timely and
loafeononaed wOnwc tr Mai is the aeole-
■■>!« UasTamwy."
ftow, sar, 1 hare the testimony of eye witnesses
that not over six mea voted for these resolutions,
it haling the two cattant champions of British
i l (nrr Wait ana Thornton; and this accounts
for the nun why the Setrtiarf of the meeting
had to make the motion in adopt one of Ifeem. I
will mora to this point by ana by.
Well, sir, if all this had transpired at home and
remained there, and the memorial bad been seat,
it would hare saved me the duty, but deprived me
of the pkssuir of defending my constituents.
This memorial reached me in vacation; but on
my way hoc, 1 foond these aambers of the Sfte-
Utmr had haea circulated among editors, with
selmisuuos lo sitark me. When I arrived here,
1 fbnnd the ssase papers had been circulated
aaion  members of Coagreas; thus adding in-
jury to insult, by first sttsrhing me, aad slander-
ing both me awl my people at home, and then
circulating that slander wholesale abroad. Mem-
bers of Congresa bad been written to oa the sub-
ject, and a scheme laid, at least in the imagination
of this paltry British clique, to overthrow me, and
to reinstate the supremacy of the Hudson's Bay
Company, and bring Oregon again into bondage.
These frets make this memorial, the proceedings
of that meeting, and Dr. McLaughlin'* letter, a
part of the r*  |nM, and force themselves upon
my consideration together.
Who, sir, ever heard of geeater arrogance, ira-
padenee even, than for fix ,nen to undertake to
osAne the sentiment of the whole people of Oregon
touching this matter? Why, sir, it ta impudence
aa giving aa that of the Jew who approached the
rtiaanti aad asked him if he wanted to hire some
money had enough to pay him ten ftr tal. a
momh. Mr. Wait, in his resolution, thinks, to se-
lect the Oregon City claim alcme, is uncalled for, in-
vidioua, aad unjust towards Dr. McLaughlin. I
suppose wi may Infer from this, that if the city
claim and others had bean reserved together, it
P would not have been either invidious or unjust,
and that such reservations were called for. This
philosopher thinks to do one thing is wrong, but
. 10 do two or more of the same kind would not be. i
The American citiien who went to Oregon under '
the inducements held out by his Government, that
> he should receives donation, nnd who withstood all
the hardships of the journey, and the privations
and wants of the country, has, in Mr. Wait's
judgment, no more claim on his Government, or
right to expect her favors, than a British subject,
who aerer teas invited to the country, who is the
possessor of a princely fortune, and who has
striven to prevent the settlement of the eoontry
and to procure the whole of it for the Britiah mon-
archy!1 Mr. Wait is welcome to such enlarged
view's—thev don't grow in Oregon. Whether its
reservation is unjust to Dr. McLaughlin, and
whether the people of Oregon owe a debt of grati-
tude to him tor his services in aiding the settle-
ment of the country, 1 refer to the |>etition of cit-
izens of Oregon, and the other proofs which fol-
low. But for the more complete refutation of the
Wait resolution, I cite the memorial itself.
IV tkt knariile Me !nul< and Hunt of Represent <rfir4t
of tkt I'niterl Sf.ifes t  ConrrcM onnilW;
The andersigned, rear memorialist*, cissem of Oregon
City aad of ttus vmaity,toi Dm Territory of Oregon, htviag
learned with deep rrjret that a hill is now pending before
your boaoralle bodies by which it U provided that a claim
of and known a.« the " Oregon City elatai " is In l>e reserved
for educational purpose*, and tint all sales af lots thereon,
mad* aince the 4th day of March, 1*49, are to be annulled
and made void, bef leave respectful l> to inform your hon-
orable bodies that this rlarni, hke other claim! in the Tern-
tori-, was taken, and has until now been held, in accordance
with Ike law* at' the provisional aad territorial government
af Owfoa, and that year memorialists have ever regarded
it a> entitled in protecuoa as fully as other claims under the
laws of Cohere**, without an intimation to the contrary
Ana any oDfeial source, until the pment time; that aader
Ifcn amaM Mb before and aapenaUy Wnee the
aaid 41k of March, lame portion* of it, in ktock* and k>u,
kavs keen purchased ta good (kitli by many nf them and
other citiicm of Oregon, who have erected vthiaMe tmild-
ings thereon in many instance*, la expectatioB of receiving
, arnmplnrand milBnrnt rillr lhirrtr- nrhen Congreaa should
grant sneh an act to the onginal occupant, aa wu coaftdent-
fy expected, aad alao Halt since that date 0m occupant of
saidrnua has made a donation Ihr eoaaty, educational, aed
charitaMe, and religions pnrposes, of aiore than two ban
dred lots; and whereas, if the bill riKwM pasa, a great biaa
woald AM on innocent paiehasera, and upon tke paWic in-
terest which have received donations; your mentorialiMi
respectfully remonstrate against iu passage in its present
form, believing, aa thev do. that it would work a severe, in-
equitable, anneceaaary, aad iiieaisdiakte injustice;and they
pray, therefore, that the title to an Ma oa aaid claim sold or
donated prior to the preaeat time, may be cuultiund to the
purchasers or grantees.
ANDREW UOOI) and &5 otbm.
Sfft. 19,1850.
What is the prayer of the memorial ? Not that
Dr. McLaughlin might have the claim confirmed
to him, or be allowed to get it, but simply that the
lots which he had transferred, up to a certain
time, might be confirmed to the meritorious holder.
This is it, and all of it; for there is not a man on
this memorial who, if yon except Wait and
Thornton, would have asked that the title to all
lota aold or donated after March 4th, 1849, be
confirmed, if they had known there had been con-
veyance* made by stealth, to meet the contingency
of reservation, and that the holder was knowing
lo the fact. It was to meet this very ambuscade
that I had the bill framed aa I did; and there is
many an upright and honest man on this memo-
rial who, when he takes time to consider, will see
(hat h« asked for what might cover every lot sur-
veyed in the claim. For if the prayer of the me-
morial should be granted in its own terms, all the
Hudson's Bay Company would have to do, would
be to show that previous to September 19th, 1850,
they had received said lots by sale or donation
from Dr. McLaughlin; and this, I have no doubt,
was the design of McLaughlin and Thornton, be-
cause Thornton informed me by letter accompa-
nying the memorial, that this meeting waa held in
Oregon City, " for the purpose of asking Congress
lo confirm to purchasers all titles derived frmn
Dr. JHcLmighlin," up to the date of the meeting.
This would hare made quick work of it, for then
the Doctor might have sold the whole in a lump to
his eomD&nv, and the law would have made it
good. If the" memorialists thought the claim ought
to be given to the Doctor, why did they not pray
for it? Mr. Wait must either acknowledge that
thf reservation of the claim was approved by the
people of Oregon, and by the memorialists them- ;
selves, or that the memorialists had not the good-
ness of heart to ask for justice. They prayed for
themselves, but not for the Doctor. The truth is,
that had they so framed tlie memorial as to ask to
have the claim given to the Doctor, the memorial
would, probably, have come here with only the
names of the Mr men who passed Wait and
Thornton's resolutions. They prayed for what
the bill has provided for, providing all titles to lots
sold after that time ought to be confirmed—that is,
if the holder be nn innocent one, nnd without ade-
quate remedy. All the memorial does say is, that
McLaaghlin held this claim in accordance with the
laws of the provisional government; that the me-
morialists had ever regarded it entitled to protection
as fully as other claims, by the laws of Congress,
without any intimation to the contrary from any
official source. It then goes on to say, that the bill
should not be passed in its "present form, "hecnuse
it would work injury to lot holders&c.," and they
pray, therefore, that the title to all lots on said claim,
sow or donated prior" to September 19th, 1850,
" may be confirmed to the purchasers or grantees."
Now they remonstrate against its passage in its
" present form," and at the same breath pray that
it may be changed, to far, and so far only, as to
confirm the title to certain lots. If they had wanted
more, they could just as well have asked it, as to
ask what they did; but by asking only that, they
prayed, negatively, that the bill might not be so
amended aa to allow the Doctor to get the claim.
Mr. Wait signed the memorial thus asking for
what his own resolution condemned, and there are
other names on the memorial who had previously
prayed that Dr. McLaughlin might not get the
claim, 4c. The reason of Wait's blunder is, be-
cause he could not see his own inconsistency, and
because the memorial was the wish of those who
signed it save him, and hecause his resolution was
a Tittle priming to a gasconade he was anxious to
discharge at me. I have no desire to say aught
against him; but when he commences an unpro-
voked attack, he may be assured it will be re-
pelled. While it is not necessary to contend with
a snappish cur, it may be a profitable lesson to
kick him when he bites your heels.
But, Mr. Speaker, one would infer, on reading
this "memorial,though the memorialists do not ask
it—dared not ask it—that they were surprised that
I did not use my influence to have this claim do-
nated to Dr. McLaughlin. They profess that my
letter to this House was the first intimation they
had ever had that Dr. McLaughlin was not to
get his claim by donation, or the same -way that
American citizens should get theirs. Well, sir,
Oregon Chy is the seat of Government, and
here sat the Legislative Assembly in July, 1849,
who memorialized you as to these lanils. In
that memorial, while stating their desire in the
premises, they say, "Your memorialists deem
it entirely unnecessary to inform your honorable
body that every American citizen in Oregon, who
came hither from the Stales previous to the organi-
sation of the present territorial government, and
now above the age of eighteen years, expects,"
dbc., a donation ofland; and again," and if^as your
memorialists and the entire people of Oregon be-
lieve, that the General Government is morally
bound, if not so by express contract, growing out of
their own acts and the acts of her people, to donate
to each American citizen hero, above the age of
eighteen years," &c. This, sir, is the language
of Oregon,speaking through her Assembly, in the
same city where this memorial was got up; and I
leave it to you, sir, and to this House, whether it
was not an intimation, that so far as Oregon wa3
concerned, she did not consider that McLaughlin
was entitled to his claim by donation. And it is
a fact of my own knowledge, that while this me-
morial was under consideration, the words actual
letllcr were striken out and .Imertian citizen insert-
ed. And I know, too, the reason which actuated
some members at the time, if not all who voted in
the affirmative, was, the desire that McLaughlin
might not get this claim. Nearly all the members
of that Assembly knew thntmy course relative to
it would be what it has been, for conversation
waa hnd.between them and me upon the subject.
And when the voice of the people of Oregon, thus
clearly intimated, comes in conflict with such
prostitutes to foreign power as Wait and Thorn-
ton, my way is clear, and I shall act accordingly.
