38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 26,
3 i st Cong '2d Sess.
Land Titles in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. of Reps.
But I wish it borne in mind, that the memorialists
in this case, save the two I have mentioned, signed
this memorial, as I believe, with a view only,
of asking the confirmation of the lots which had
been innocently purchased, or received by dona-
tion, up to the date of the memorial. That this was
my design and intention at the time, the following
letter will show:
Hocse or Representatives,
Washington, December 9, 1850.
Sir : Your inquiries of this morning are before me. My
recollection is, that when we were conferring relatrve to the
form of the Oregon land bill, (the Committee on Territories
having instructed me to draft it,) jou stated, as the reason
why you did not wish the bill to confirm the transfer of any
lots sold or donated by Dr. McLaughlin, after the 3d March,
1849, that you feared, from certain information in your pos-
session, if such transfers were confirmed in general terms,
up to the passage of the bill, the whole of what the Doctor
claimed would be covered by fictitious tiansfers lor his ben-
efit. Your object appeared to be to guard against this, and
at the same time give your Territorial Assembly the power
to confirm sales for nominal sums to any bona fide pur-
chasers. You were of the opinion likewise, that it would
not be safe or proper to acknowledge, in any manner, Doc-
tor McLaughlin's title and right to dispose of lots or land
after the date of General Lane's proclamation. You ex-
pressed the utmost confidence in the disposition of your
Territorial Assembly to do justice to all parties, and pre-
ferred leaving the confirmation of sales optional with them.
Your object was manifestly to guard the interests and rights
of the people of Oregon city.
Respectfully yours,
GRAHAM FITCH.
Hon. Sameel R. Thcrston.
I wish now, Mr. Speaker, once for all, to defend
the reputation of my constituents from a charge
brought against them by Dr. McLaughlin in his ]
letter, by Thornton in his preface to his reso-
lution, by Wait and Thornton, by procuring
those resolutions laudatory of Dr. McLaughlin,
to be passed, whilehislips were yet warm with the
same slander, and by them all in circulating the
same through this House and the country; which
is, that they refuse to pay to Dr. McLaughlin
their honest debts, and that they owe him grati-
tude which they refuse to pay.
I have been surprised, during the past year, to ;
find how widely it is circulated in the United
States, and particularly among men of distinction !
and influence, that this sin lies at the door of my •
people. I found the distinguished Missourian,
Colonel Benton, had been made to believe that
Dr. McLaughlin was a poor man, having lost his
property by trusting American citizens in Oregon,
who, through dishonesty, had refused to pay him.
To one who knows the falsity of this charge, and
who had been laboring for the past year to
wipe away the spot from the fair reputation of j
my people, which the hand of remorseless slander j
had made upon it, this fresh charge, circulated 1
over the whole country, and through this Hall, |
and indorsed by these two apostate Americans, j
Waitand Thornton, brought pain and indignation. |
I can bear to be slandered myself, because I am
my own keeper; but to hear that people slandered,
whose rights and character are intrusted to me
to defend, is an unwelcome sound which sum-
mons all my spirits and manhood to action, and I
here, in most solemn form, pronounce this charge
to be utterly false; and the men who utter it, or
■who indorse it when uttered, base calumniators
of a people, "the latchetsof whose shoes they are
not worthy to stoop down and unloose." Theffud-
eon's Bay Company and Dr. McLaughlin have
made princely fortunes by the profits of trade
•with the people of Oregon; and I will here take
the responsibility to say, that there is not a firm
in New York, or any Atlantic city, which, in pro-
portion to the amount of business transacted with
their customers, has not lost more, vastly more,
than the Hudson's Bay Company and Dr. Mc-
Laughlin have, in their trade with American citi-
zens in Oregon. The people of Oregon are all
able to pay, and there are good laws for the col-
lection of debts, and there liave been, for the last
seven years; and if there is a man in Oregon owing
the Company or the Doctor, it is because they don't
choose to call for their pay. For further proof, I
cite two letters, marked 1 and 2, whose author has
been on the spot for fourteen years, and to the
petition and extracts which follow thffee letters.
It is merely a slander, put forth the better to carry
on their attempts to get gratuities from the Gov-
ernment. j hope, and I believe, that the people of
regon will mete out a due reward to these whole-
sa e calumniators of their character and reputation. .:
j I have no fears about this. The people of that
Territory know how to respect themselves, and
; they have the courage to demand it of others.
This pretence of the company and McLaughlin,
that they have lost heavily by Americans in Ore-
j gon, is only one of the thousand tricks they resort
I to to get our Government to purchase out their
possessory rights, about which there has been so
much intriguing in and out of "Washington. And
as this is, from the nature of the case, rather a
desultory speech, which I am by no means fond
of making, I will take occasion to warn Congress
and the country against this scheme for picking
! the lock of the United States Treasury. These
j possessory rights, or the rights secured to that
; company by virtue of the treaty of 1846, are nearly
valueless to our Government. Aside from some
hundreds of acres, known as the Puget's Sound
Agricultural Company's farms, the balance of
I j their boasted property, which they have had the
I; arrogance to ask a million of dollars for, is of com-
paratively no use whatever to us. I will not now,
however, enter into a discussion of this matter,
but will meet it when the proper time comes. I
will simply say, for the information of Congress
and the country, that when the people of Oregon
desire this matter acted on, these possessory rights
purchased, they will inform Congress. We are
aware of the fact, that whatever is paid for these
rights will beset down to Oregon's account; hence
we protest against any commissioners being sent
there to examine and report. We have witnessed
too often how this company have hoodwinked
! United States officers, and so managed as to im-
1 press them very favorably with all that was Hud-
! son's Bay, or that pertained to the " Honorable
Hudson's Bay Company." I will content myself,
however, by quoting from the language of a Uni-
ted States officer whom the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany cannot influence. The statement is veracious,
as I am willing to testify;
"January 19, 1850.
"In respect to the reported intended purchase by the
Government of the Hudson's Bay possessions for $1,000,000,
I wish to express very strongly the opinions I have formed.
All the information obtained by myself, as well as by a gen-
tleman who came out with the troops this Fall and who has
made it one of careful inquiry, satifies me that the legitimate
trade of the company in this territory is annihilated. Of the
whole nnmber of vessels entered since I hare been here,
only two were consigned to it, and those not with full car-
goes. One of them afterwards cleared for Sitka with wheat,
the other was chartered by the quartermaster to convey the
artillery company to Steilacoom. I have been credibly in-
formed that Mr. Douglass, the Governor of Victoria, has
declined reinforcing the stores at Fort Vancouver; the house
at Oregon City does but little business compared with any
one of the American merchants there; the po«t at Fort
Gcorgo is closed, and that at Nisqually can have but a small
Indian trade. Fort Hall, on Snake river, subsists almost
enurely by selling provisions, &c., to emigrants on the Ore-
gon and California routes, and will in all probability be
withdrawn the coming season. The post at Fort Boisee is
merely held as a halting place on the road from Fert Hall
down, and that at Wallah-YVallah as away station from the
North Fork to Vancouver. No fur trade whatever is, as
you know, now carried on in the Territory, the value of the
heaver and other animals obtained here being too low to
justify it. The only traffic which the company now main-
tains is the supply of Indians, Canadians, and settlers with
British goods, and a small trade in provisions and lumber.
The settlers all prefer purchasing from their own people,
which they can do so advantageously as the old hostility
against the Bay Company exists and is transmitted m full
force. Moreover, the only establishment which it main-
tains in the neighborhood of the white settlements (except
Vancouver, where there is the United States post) is that at
Oregon City, and there the greater number of American
merchants are congregated, and competition is consequently
greatest. In a fair trade the company cannot compete with
them anywhere. Meanwhile, the population of Oregon
is steadily increasing, and a great number of emigrants are
coming into it from California. The company are more and
more crowded hy our American population ; the servants
and Indians who have hitherto been held by them in a
species of slavery, have emancipated themselves and de-
mand the highest rate of wages paid to others; the factors
and clerks themsel ves find that, instead of the pitiful salaries
hitherto paid them, they can make by individual exertion
far greater sums, and will ultimately remain in this Territory
as settlers. The company here is, in short, dying out.
" Now, what is there for the Government to purchase
from it? Its only valuable land in the Territory is at Fort
Vancouver, certainly of importance to the Government as
a military station, for which purpose it is probably the best
in Oregon. The other stations, under the imposing name
of " Forts," are small trading houses or stores, not em-
bracing any tract of land. And what is the nature of this
title to Fort Vancouver? By a recurrence to Mr. Buchanan's
treaty you will perceive a remarkable expression as applied |
to the land in the company's tenure. The third article de- \ I
clares that the possessory rights of the Hudson's Bay Compa- '
ny shall be respected. The term " possessory rights" has, as |
you know, a definite signification in the law—(the definition
is in Kent,)—it is simply the right which the Indian has, the il
' right of mere occupancy. The company has no right of
i, alienation except to the Government; no right of property
: longer than it retains actual possession. And this language
, is the more striking, as, in the succeeding section, speaking
of the Puget's Sound Agricultural Company, the same
treaty confirms to it their farms, lands, and other property
of every description, subject only to the right of purchase
if necessary for public uses. Now, it is very clcar that the
possessory rights of the Bay Company can extend only to
land actually in their present occupation. The company,
it is said, claim some twenty miles square, in fact wherever
their cattle have once grazed ; but I do not consider that
their claim can hold good under the treaty to anything more
than they have fenced and brought under improvement-—
what, in a word, they hold. To give them a million of dol-
lars for this place, which they must soon abandon, or sup-
port merely m our despite, is absurd. Especially would it
be so to make a purchase which did not exclude them frona
the navigation of the Columbia, and stipulate their entire
withdrawal from the Territory. Unless, indeed, there is
some secret article in the treaty, or understanding that a
million of dollars is to be paid the company as an indem-
nity for a change of masters, it would be folly, so far as the
people of Oregon are concerned, to give them anything.
The company is confined by its terms to their posts on the
main stream and North Fork of the Columbia. They have
no right to the navigation of the W allahmet, and their whole
annual trade is cut down to nothing. If, on the other hand,
Government proposes to give them a million for their sal-
mon sheds at Vancouver, it will commit a piece of unjusti-
. liable extravagance.
" I was much astonished to lcam, when General Smith
was here, that in his opinion the right of free navigation of
the river secured by the treaty exempted them from the pay-
ment of the same duties as American citizens. How this
idea originated I cannot conceive. It is certain that they
did not themselves consider it so. They have altogether
paid, since my arrival, duties to the amount of some $18,000,
of which $7,000 or $8,000 were paid under protest, on the
ground, not of exemption in ordinary cases, but that the par-
ticular goods were intended for trade with the Indians north
of the 49th parallel, or for the use of their own servants. No
right of drawback or reexportation is secured them by the
I treaty in the first case; nor could the fact of a hon a fide ex-
| portation be possibly ascertained in such a country as this
II is. In the last case, their claim is too frivolous to need a
I reply. The objections were probably stated to increase the
| anxiety of the United States Government to buy them out.
[ The protests you will tind at the Treasury Department."
So much, sir, for this point.
I will now attend particularly to the Doctor's
letter in the " Spectator," which has been circula-
ted here, with the printed memorial, and by the
acts of him and his pimps, (Thornton and Wait,)
I made a part of the res gestae, in the matter.
| In that letter the Doctor says: " I am sure, how-
; ' ever, the business of the company was so man-
' aged as to bear the strictest scrutiny, and to be
' in all respects .subservient to the best interests
'of the country, and the duties of religion and
| 'humanity." Now, sir, if to measure wheat, as
stated in the petition which follows, to charge &
poor struggling band of American pioneers twenty
per cent, discount each way, to refuse to grind
wheat, but leave the people to starve or live on
boiled wheat, or to sell at their price and purchase
flour again at their price; if to forbid their com-
pany's vessels taking any goods to Oregon for set-
tlers, and to loan cattle for all the increase, and to
exact pay for cows thus loaned dying by the course
of nature; if to make the settler pay with his life
the penalty of settling where they did not want
him to, or to oppress him until he was compelled
to yield; if tearing down houses over families'
heads, and burning them up, and leaving a poor
woman in the rain, houseless and homeless; if at-
tempting to break down all American enterprises,
and to prevent the settlement, of the country—if,
sir, to do all these things, and many more, which
are hereafter proved, then is the quotation true. If
this is their religion, then have they adorned, for
the last ten years, the religion they profess.
The Doctor complains that I charge him with
being " jesuitical," and quotes from Webster to
show that it means " cunning," "deceit," " de-
ceptive practices," &c. The Doctor and I will
not differ about the meaning of this word. These
are precisely the meanings I intended to convey by
the term. 1 know of no better term by which to
describe his maneuvers.
He also complains that I called him, in debate,
" chief fugleman of the Hudson's Bay Company.
He says, "This is a term which he probably
gathered from the vocabulary in which he found
the word 'gumption.'" Exactly, sir! I found
them both in the same vocabulary, and that the
•American dictionary which he quotes. But this
wise old critic intimates that these terms are coined
by me. I did not suppose, really, that I should
be brought to task in this manner. But let us see
as to these words. The word "fugleman is
sometimes written " flugelman." It is of Ger-
