40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 20,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Lnnd Title* in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
as a reason for these resets, that its failure would
act as a paralysis on my people, and on the busi-
ness of (lie country. I then had fears that it never ;
tcould pass, and I dreaded the effect the news of
its failure, oil the first day, would have on the
business of the Territory. I knew well it would
fall like a thunder-clap upon the people, and shake,
with the energy of an earthquake, their confidence
in the justness of Congress, and in the future pros-
perity of Oregon. I hoped to save them from this
disappointment,and I expressed myselfso to many
members, as they will well recollect; and I well
remember, too, that more than one member, while
assuring me the bill irould pass, suggested to me
to say nothing of its failure to my people at home
till 1 could get it up and pass it. You will recol-
lect, sir, that on the night of its first discussion, I
expressed these views to you at vour lodgings.
The gentleman to whom I sent my letter, with the
request above-named, waf my near neighbor, very
heavily interested in the success of the land bill,
and I therefore sent him the letter, saying to him,
as it appears from the quotation, that I hoped to
get the bill through at such a time, and would send
my letters generally by the next mail. At this
lime I could, as I hoped, inform mv people of the
success of the land bill, or I should have to mor-
tify them by announcing its defeat. It was to
avoid the general panic, that I adopted this course,
and this is why I requested to have nothing said
till the time of trial might come. I will condemn
no man until I hear him, and I have too much re-
spect for the grey hairs of the aged and highly re-
spectable old gentleman, to believe he so far forgot
the law of honor in which I have ever believed him
to be versed, to trample under foot the sacred 1
requirements of coi\fidcnce. By what Jesuitical de-
vice, therefore,this matter came to light, I cannot
tell, and I care not. I assure you, sir, and I earn-
estly beg you to believe, that the betrayer of confi-
dence Aon not find a congenial climate in Oregon.
To all the Doctor says about taking the claim,
and to his pretence that it was his all the time, I
will cite to the quotation from Sir George Simp-
son, hereafter given, and to other proofs which fol-
low, for my reply. I may havelbeen mistaken in
saying that the Methodist mission, as such, took i
the claim. The proofs which follow, show that it j
was entirely abandoned by the company and the \
Doctor, and taken by Mr. Slacum, an American;
they also show that the Doctor has driven Ameri-
cans off of it. That Mr. Waller afterwards took
it, the Doctor admits: and this was a time when
the Doctor had no right, either for himself or the
company, to meddle with any land in Oregon,
more than Mr. Waller had; and that this claim
was taken by the company, appears from Sir
George Simpson's writing. That the Mill-race was
blasted by the company, appears by the following
evidence; that it was called thecompany's mills at
onetime, I can prove: and that it was built by the
company, is shown by what follows. It is well
understood in Oregon that this claim, mill, &c.,
were changed back and forward, between the
company and the Doctor, to meet the shifting
news of' the phases of the boundary negotiation.
There were "in those days" a general conveying
of claims—from servants, officers, and employees
of the company, to the company, to prepare for
what was supposed would be the boundary, the
of company taking conveyances of claims north of
the Columbia, and making conveyances of claims
south oft hat river; and in these same days, as proofs
some day will show, the Doctor received a con-
veyance of the city claim from the company; and
1 have now in my possession a letter from "a man
formerly of high standing in the company, or at-
tached to it, and whom Doctor McLaughlin dares
not dispute—a man highly respected by all—detail-
ing tomethe nature of a conveyance of a claim,and
made about the same time, and for the same pur-
pose, north of the Columbia, to the company; a
purely sham conveyance, merely been use it was sup-
posed the Columbia would be theboundary. Now,
notwithstanding it was conveyed to the company
without consideration, and in anticipation of an
event which has never happened, the company re-
fuse to convey back, and have scheduled it as the
Hudson's Bay Company's property, in their pro-
posals to sell out. Let Dr. McLaughlin deny this
U he dare I have yet "a little more left" for
m an« the company, and I will bury them here- '
after by mv narrations of their infamous transac-
tions. Only a day or two ago, I saw in a report
made by Captain Wood, relative to the Columbia
river, that Dr. McLaughlin informed him, that
in the Winter season, no re Mel could remain with
safety in the Columbia river lower down than
Birney's place. If they press me, I will unmask
their enormities, and I will strip from their exte-
rior the garb which covers them, and expose the
bare bones of their wickedness to the shocked
sensibilities of mankind.
The Doctor alleges in his letter, that he never
told me he was holding the city claim, as stated
in my letter. I repeat, sir, that he did tell me so,
and he knows it. After my election took place,
Dr.'McLauehlin commenced his approaches to
me, as I was well aware at the time, to see if he
could not buy me over to his interest. As soon
as he did this, I informed a man of standing and
veracity near Oregon City, of the game I believed
he was playing. I also requested that man to
take notice, that if I was found thereafterto he in the
Doctor's interest, he might be sure I was bought.
I have had too many ambuscades laid for me, not
to guard myself properly, and outridden too many
storms not to cast anchor to windward: so I deter-
mined, in the beginning, to inform this man just
what the Doctor was driving at, and put myself
where, in case I should be charged with the de-
sign even, I could meet the case. I was invited fre-
quently to his house, and a man on one occasion
was sent to me, authorized to pay me any reason-
able fee for a written opinion. I refused to give
it, and told the man at the time what I deemed the
object of the move. And the last Sunday 1 was
at meeting in Oreson City, I was met on the side-
1 walk by Dr. McLaughlin, and earnestly solicited
to call at his house on that day. I partially con-
sented but did not go, and at the same time dis-
closed this fact to a friend, stating that this was
the last effort of the Doctor to seduce me. You,
sir, will have hard work to make the people of
Oregon believe, that if I would, I could not have
been nowa lordly landholder in Oregon City. But,
sir, I had rather be thus assailed, and to suffer af-
fliction with the persecuted and just, than to dwell
in the tents of wickedness.
At our interview, the Doctor, of his own motion,
commenced to talk about the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany's possessory rierhts. assigning the reasons
why they should be paid a large sum. I remarked
that I supposed hewas interested, and would share
a part of the money paid; to which he replied
in the affirmative. I then remarked that I sup-
posed the proceeds of the city claim would go into
the dividends of the company, and be shared by
him and the others; and he replied in the affirma-
tive, as in the other case; and this he knows.
There is no doubt, either, but he told the truth,
aside from SirGeorge Simpson's declaration,and
the fact that the company's schedule includes Og-
den's pretended claim on Cape Disappointment;
thereby showing that these claims, held by the
officers of the company in their own names, are
considered the property of the company; and
aside from the other proofs before and hereafter
given, I will quote the Doctor's own language to
prove it. He says:
" I assert i holit my claim for myself alone, and that (he
Hudson's Bnv Company, nor no other person or persons
hold or have any interest in it with me."
Itis not to be supposed that he who nicely played
the critic on the use of words in my letter, would
use words in a sense he did not intend. But if the
learned Doctor will consult " the celebrated "Amer-
ican grammarian, Murray, he will find that two
negatives are equivalent to an affirmative. " Nor
no, "therefore, meansffndsmtte; and hence the Doc-
tor affirms that the Hudson's Bay Company, and
some other person or persons hold, or have held, some
interest with him in said claim. There is, sir, no
doubt this artificial mode of expression was re-
sorted to to tell the truth, and yet be understood to
mean to deny a joint ownership. He could well
hold the claim for himself alone for the purpose of
getting the title in his own name, yet the company
could have an " interest" in the proceeds,as he told
me. Should the Doctor deny this to be an arti-
fice, I hope he will first criticise himself before
turning his attention to others. " Sartor Re-
sartus" is the title of a book, and he may adopt it
for his cognomen, if he please. After having;
Ho. of Reps.
proved him out in so many falsehoods stated" in
his letter, I am perfectly willing to submit his
and my statement to the Judgment of mankind.
Nevertheless, sir, I will read you the letter to which
I have referred, to show you that the Jesuitical
transfers of claim* were carried on by the com-
pany to which I alluded. Mind you, I have
proved and I shall prove, that this claim was first
taken by the company; that the mills were built
by the company; and that the whole was once
owned or rather claimed by the company. There
must, therefore, have been a transfer to McLaugh-
lin from thiscompany. This was undoubtedly made
about the time of the transfer from Barclay to the
company, and for the same reason. The company,
as Barclay says, was laboring under the belief that
the Columbia would be the boundary, and hence,
that they could not hold the claim at Oregon City,
About this time McLaughlin pretends to have left
the company, and why? That he might hold the
claim. All the probabilities, therefore, are, that
this was merely a connivance between McLaugh-
lin and the company to get this property, and
hence that the Doctor agreed to hold this in trust
for the company, of which he, though nominally
withdrawn, was in facta shareholder and virtually
a member. If this is not so, let him show the con-
veyance of the claim from the company to him to
have been absolute: and until he does this, her
stands, in the eyes of the world and the judgment
of mankind, as the trustee of the company with
which he is in collusion, to wrest from Oregon
and from her people, and from our Government,
the last farthing he can. But here is the letter to
which I refer. It proves two things; first, that
these conveyances were made in view of the pend-
ing treaty; and Second, that this company are too
big rascals to do justice even to the honest portion
of their attaches. This Dr. Barclay who writes
this letter was for a long time in their service as a
physician. He has abandoned them, and pro-
poses to be hereafter an American citiz.cn. I give him
the right hand of fellowship, and pay him that
tribute to which I believe him to be entitled—an
honest man and a gentleman.
Orebon City, O. T., June 22d, 1850.
To the Hon. S. R. Thurston :
Sir: i take the liberty of addressing you as our Repre-
sentative in Congress, on the subject of a claim which i
hold, as an American citizen, under file provisions of the
laws of the Territory. This claim adjoins on the east side
of the section on which Fort Vancouver is built, and has
been held by me from the year 1845 to the present Uiue.
During this period I have faithfully complied with all the
requirements of the laws of Oregon : have cultivated the
land, made fences and boilt a dwelling-honse thereon, in
which I have resided from time to time with my family.
This claim, I am informed, is included m the schedule
transmitted to Congress, as a part of the possessions of the
Hudson Bay Company, which they are desirous to dispose
of to the Government of tile United States. The company
pretend to hold this claim under a release from me. The
circumstances upon which the pretence is founded, are
briefly as follows: Whilst the Oregon treaty was pending,
1 was informed by Mr. Douglas that, in the event of the
Columbia river being made the dividing line between Great
Britain and the United States, I would not be allowed to
hold my claim ; but that, if the noithern bank of the river
should become American property, I would be secure in my
claim without any interference on behalf of the company.
He fully expected that the Colombia would be the dividing
line, and, upon the above representation, induced me, con-
trary to my own judgment to sign an informal paper ma-
king a quit claim to the company. Inasmuch as the con-
tingency HpoA which this act was based never occurred,
and as [ have expended considerable sums in improving
my claim without receiving any consideration therefor, I
cannot believe that the company have any legal or equitable
rights thereto. It cannot be pretended that it was a " pos-
sessory right" of the company, since at the time I entered
the claim there did not exist a vestige of improvement
thereon, if any ever existed.
The possession I have never surrendered, but have con-
tinued to improve and reside upon the land. iHr. Douglas,
in violation of his express agreement, has taken advantage
of the paper above-mentioned, without my knowledge or
authority, to enter an abandonment for me in favor of the
company, (against which I have protested on the record,
and conveyed my claim afresh and recorded it in the coun-
ty where it lies,) and include my claim in the schedule
transmitted to Congress. Thus, swelling the claims of the
company for compensation for their " possessory rights,
under the treaty, with property which, with the most mani-
fest injustice, they have endeavored to deprive individuals
under the grossest pretences. ,
My right to the claim in question I consider unimpaired,
and yet the company would impose upon Congress a de-
mand for payment therefor, under pretence that it is part ot
their possessions. It seems to me that the parties to the
treaty could onlv contemplate that the company should be
protected in their " possessory rights'' which weie actual in
th m at the formation of the treaty. It cannot be that
occupancy of lands lorn;-abandoned should be resumed, ana
property nominally purchased from individuals, before or
