49
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 26,
31st Cong '2d Sess.
Land Titles in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. of Reps.
Liiuzhlin ani Die Hudson's Bay Company, to a mnn, have
been' opposed, until they were absolutely compelled by !
force of circumstances to yield. Even the missions, for a 1
wIjjIb were obliged to submit to their dictation as to their
location, and the supplies they were permitted to furnish to
settlers. The settler was }rcnnitted to go only to certain
designated locations, and if by accident, or othewise, lie
went elsewhere, he jhtui the penalty icitk his life, or from
necessity wa> compelled to yield to the requirement- of the
company. I am bold to affirm, that the history of that
compan'v in Oregon is uo less oppressive and unjust, as re-
gards American citizens, than was that of their ancestors
in 1776. They deserve nothing from im but expulsion from
the country, without remuneration." [They are on the
road]
Now, sir, this is from a stranger to me, as you
perceive from his letter. Not only this, I am in-
formed he voted against me, and I name these
facts to show vou that this letter is biassed out of
no friendship for me. It comes spontaneously
from a noble-hearted, high-minded man, who '
when he heard me assailed for my acts, and for
the letter I addressed to you on the Oregon land
bill, and when he hears me charged with falsehood,
notwithstanding I was not the man of his choice—
yet, when he sees truth trampled under foot,
throws himself, like a moral champion, into the
breach, and does battle, not for me, but for Her
whom he respects higher than man. He has been
an eye witness of all the efforts of young Oregon:
he has seen the machinations of our enemies; he
has witnessed the " maneuverings" of Dr. Mc-
Laughlin, of the Hudson's Bay Company, and of
British power, to strangle our fair daughter of the
Pacific; and when he saw an American attacked
for loving his country and his people, and for re-
fusing to be bought or bribed, and for speaking
the truth, although this American is a stranger to
him, though not the man of his choice, the live
coal on the altar of his American heart kindles up
into a flame, and he hastens to give vent to solemn
truths which he knew as well as he knows his
mother tongue. Noble man ! noble American !
worthy to be engraved on the statues of his coun-
try's glory and history!
Now, sir, this letter was written to me before he
had seen the letter I had addressed to this House,
immediately after he had heard me denounced
by the British party of Oregon, by Dr. McLaugh-
lin and his pimps, for that part of the letter advo-
cating the justness of reserving the Oregon City
claim. You observe, he says, either I or Thorn-
ton must be mistaken. Soon after that, my letter
reached the country, and this stern old American,
this sentinel of fourteen years' standing on the
westernmost wall of his country, sits down to read
it, and reads it carefully, and rises from his seat,
still loving truth and his country, and grasping
the pen in his aged hand, writes as follows:
" September 26 th, 1850.
4< Dear Sir : I have this moment closed the reading of
your letter to the House of Representatives in our behalf.
"I wrote you a letter a few days since, and gave you an inti-
mation about the reception it met with at Oregon City. I find
it is a perfect test, or watchword to a true American heart.
It is literally true, instead of ' basely false,'as is attempted
to be made outby thefriendsof the Hudson'sBay Company.
As I said, in my other letter, stand firm to your position.
You or the Hudson's Bay Company must fall. The latter,
I know, and have ever felt, must. * * * * You will
live to see and say,' the Hudson's Bay Company have been,
but are no more.'
" I challenge the man who can nay to me that the Oregon
City claim was not wrongfully wrested from American citi-
zens. I was a looker-on at the time, and know it to be the
ease. I would not receive a donation of lots that were
offered to me by Dr. McLaughlin's agent, Mr. Hastings.
****** ^
" I have watched the manoeuvres of Dr. McLaughlin
since 1836, as well as those of the H. B. Company. Their
operations have been that of shrewd merchants. Their
motto has been, ' Give a little to the rich, and to such as
cm tell a good story to go back to the States,' while they
would charge us twenty per cent, discount, reckoning the
order in their favor both ways, simply because they could
* * * *. The hard laborer was obliged to give them his
wheat at sixty cents per bushel, and get his money at
twenty per cent, discount. The Doctor talks much about
helping the emigrants   * * *. Why, sir, he has stood in di-
rect opposition to every political measure in the country
since its organization. He did actually defeat the first
effort in 1841, and came within one vote of defeating the
organization in 1843. * * * Jle and the company yielded to
the measure adopted, from the force of circumstances, be-
cause they had not the power to control * * *. While they
had the power, they used it, and they would gladly use it
now, if they dared to. I'or twelve years I have heard them
scoff at Americans and our institutions. Every Oregonian,
except a few fawning sycophants and base short sighted
flojghfaces, has seen and felt the grinding influence of
that company. * * * Dr. McLaughlin has managed to keep
a fair show to traveling strangers, and especially to jour-
nalists and letter-writers. I am ready to say he has op-
posed the settiemc-.it of this country in a most decided man-
ner, lip to the time when circumstances compelled him to 1 j
chance his course of policy. Since then, he has had a
one-sided partiality and pol'iey, which has checked almost
the entire internal improvement of the country. He has
been, and is at the present time, a dead u-ei^ht upon all
public improvements in Oregon City—he yields only to the
force of circumstances, hence I c*nnot conceive he has
any claim to much charity or to public sympathy."
A very wise conclusion, as I think! You see, that
this mail had heard me charged with " base false- I
hoods"inmylettertothisHouse,but hearingwhat j
some of my assertions were alleged to be, before
he read the letter he pronounced them to be true.
After he had read that letter, he commences, just at
the same moment he had closed its perusal, while
the whole of it was fresh in his memory, to write,
and says "it is literally true." Here is a man
who has been an eye-witness for fourteen years,
and he has spoken, and his declarations I now
make a part of the records of my country. I
would gladly record his name with them, and bid
it live forever, but not knowing that he would wish
it, I withhold it. His letters are in my posses-
sion, which any one can see and read, and which
I intend to bequeath to my children. I deem this
sufficient to settle the whole case, as betwixt me and
the Doctor, but there is a " little more left."
History, Mr. Speaker, like the light of the sun
penetrating the chambers of darkness, frequently
enables us to see clearly what otherwise would have
to be learned through the dimness of conjecture.
We may frequently feel a thing forcibly, and even
know and believe it, but yet may lack the wit-
nesses by which to prove it. The lapse of years
may lay aside the living testimony, and then his-
tory comes to our aid. But our confidence in the
historian will depend very much upon his means
of knowing the facts which he records, and
whether he is a cotemporary of the events which
■ he relates. Now, then, just let it be borne in
mind, that at the date of the document I am about
to read you, and for many years previous, Dr.
McLaughlin was " chief factor of the honorable
Hudson's Bay Company," an office which at once
places him at the head of the company's affairs,
within his jurisdiction, subject only to a governor
or directors, and makes him responsible for the
company's acts. The acts of this company being
regulated by his orders, are to all intents his acts,
and must be taken as acts meeting his sanction,
and done by his order. Now then, while I read,
I desire you and this House, and the country, to
contemplate the struggles and hardships of the
early emigrants to Oregon,and then tell me, if you
can, that you do not feel very much like an Amer-
ican citizen, and that you do not believe this tes-
timony is preferable to that of a British subject, or
of apostate Americans employed as his pimps.
But here, sir, is the document in question. It is
the voice of men of character, of veracity—the
voice of some whose names are on the memorial
■ | I have just presented, and it is the humble suffer-
! ing complaint of American hearts, palpitating
with the blood of their American sires, and pray-
ing to be delivered from the crushing power of the
enemy.
The " Petitionas it is styled, is dated " Wil-
lamette, Oregon T erritory, March 25th, ] 843, "and
after its introductory portion, it reads as follows:
" Laws are made to protect the weak against the mighty,
and we feel the necessity of them in the steps that are con-
stantly taken by the honorable Hudson's Bay Company, in
their opposition to the improvement and enterprise of
, American citizens. You have been apprised already of
their opposition to Captain Wyeth, Bonneville, and others,
and we find that the same spirit dwells with them at the
present day. Some years ago, when the Hudson's Bay
Company owned all the cattle in Oregon, they would not
sell on any conditions, but they would lend their cows to
the settler, he returning to the company the cows loaned
with nil the increase. And in ease of the death of a cow, he
then had the privilegeof paying for it. But after the set-
tlers, at a great risk and expense, went to California and
purchased for themselves, and there was a fair prospect of
the settlement being supplied, then the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany were willing to sell, and at lower rates than the settlers
could sell. In 1841, feeling the necessity of having mills
erected that would supply the settlement with flour and
lumber, a number of the inhabitants formed themselves into
a joint stock company, for the purpose of supplying the
growing wants of the community. Many of the farmers
were obliged to leave their farms on the Willamette, and go
six miles above Vancouver, on the Columbia river, making
i the whole distance about sixty miles, to get their wheat
ground, at a great loss of time and expense. The company
was formed, and proceeded to select a site. They selected
an island at the Palls of the Willamette, and concluded to
commence their operations. After commencing, they are
informed by Dr. McLaughlin, who is at the head of the
I Hudson's Bay Company's affaire, west of the Rocky
Mountains, that the land is his, and that he, although a
chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company, claims all the
land at the east of tile Willamette, embracing the falls down
to the CInrkamas river, a distance of nbont two miles. He
had no idea, we presume, that the company would succeed.
However, lie erected a shed on the island, alter the stuff
was on the island to build a house, and then gave them per-
mission to build under certain restrictions. They took the
paper he wrote them containing his conditions, but did not
obligate themselves to comply with the conditions, as they
did not think his claim just or reasonable.
" Many projects had been started by the inhabitants, but
for want of means and encouragement failed. This was
predicted for the milling company. But alter much labor
and difficulty, they succeeded in getting a saw-mill erected
and ready to run, and entered into a contract to have a grist
nnll erected forthwith. And now, as they have succeeded,
where is the Hudson's Bay Company ? Dr. McLaughlin
employs hands to get out a frame, and erects it at the
Willamette Falls; and we find as soon as the frame is up,
the gearing, which has been made at Vancouver, is brought
up ill boats, and that which caused a feeble company of
America*i citizens months of toil and embarrassment, is
accomplished by the chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Com-
1 pany in a few weeks. He has men and means, and it is
said* by him that in two weeks his mill will be sawing. And
what will be the consequence ? Why, if the milling com-
pany sell for fifteen dollars per thousand, he can sell for
twelve; if they reduce the price to ten, he can come to
eight, or five, or two dollars per thousand. He says he will
have a grist mill in operation. All the wheat in Oregon
they are anxious to get, as they ship it to the Russians on
the northwest coast. In the first place, they measure the
wheat in a half bushel, called by them 'imperial measure,'
much larger than the standard measure of the United States.
This not answering, they next proceeded to kick the half
bushel with the foot to settle the wheat. Then they brought
up a measure larger than the former, and now they fill
this measure, then strike it three times with a stout chib,
and then fill up and call it fair measure. Against sucli
proceedings we need law which will be respected and
obeyed.
" About twelve or fourteen years ago the Hudson's Bay
Company blasted a canal a few feet, to conduct water to a
mill they were going to build, the timber for which is novr
lying at the falls rotting. They, however, abandoned the
thing altogether, and built their mills on the Columbia,
about six nnles above Fort Vancouver, on the north side of
I the river."
i It may not be improper, Mr. Speaker, here to
remark, that the reason why this project was
abandoned altogether, at this early period, as the
memorialists say, was that the Hudson's Bay
Company learned, in the process of the negotiation
about the northern boundary of Oregon, that the
British possessions would not fall south, of the
Columbia, but that this river, as they supposed,
would be the line. This was contended for, for a
long time, by the British negotiator. Learning this
fact, they abandoned the project at the falls, and
built their mills north of the Columbia. Now,
Dr. McLaughlin pretends that this city claim, and
the water power, was his from the beginning. The
' truth is, sir, that the point was seized on by the
1 company; that the mill was built by the company;
i. and then subsequently transferred to the Doctor.
I And when it was ascertained that the Doctor would
ji stand a better chance to get it in his own name
, than the company would, it was transferred, as
j there can be no doubt, to him, to hold in trust for
], the company of which he was one. To prove to
; you that this point was taken by the company, I
quote from the writings of Sir George Simpson,
, Governor of the Hudson's Bay Company, entitled
"Simpson's Journey round the World," vol. 1.,
page 249. Speakingof the settlement in the French
prairie, he says:
" In connection with this settlement, or rather in the an-
ticipation of establishing it, the Hudson's Bay Company
took possession of the ground near the falls, as far back as
18-28."
And this whole project of establishing this colo-
ny in the French prairie, and of seizing the
water power at the falls, was made or concocted
by this same Dr. McLaughlin, as the head of the
company, for the express purpose of defeating and
striking down an enterprise then on foot in the
States, to colonize the Willamette Valley by Ameri-
can citizens, which was being conducted by one
Hall J. Kelley, of Massachusetts, who was after-
, wards made an object of this company's brutality,
and who still remains unrewarded by his country,
—of which enterprise that company had heard.
About this time also, the Hon. Thomas H^Ben-
ton was agitating the subject in the Senate. Hear-
ing of these projects, these jesuitical rascals took
the earliest means possible to head the enterprise,
and to wrest the whole country from us and our
Government. The "chief fugleman" of all this
rascality was Dr. McLaughlin—this man who,
with shame be it said, while calling my constituents
, "adders" and reptiles, is made the subject of ful-
,! some panegyric by A. E. Wait, and one J. Q..
