1850.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
43
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Land Titles in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. of Reps.
Thornton, who say, in the resolutions circulated
in this House, and passed by a clique of Britishites,
themselves included, of not exceeding six votes
 that he is entitled to the "gratitudV of Ameri-
can citizens! i
The "petition," this memorial of the early
pioneers to Oregon:
" In the year 1838, agreeable to .rders left by Mr. Slaeura,
a bouse was erected at the foils to secure the claim for
him. In 1840 the Methodist mission erected buildinss and
stationed two families there, and made a claim to sufficient
land for their buildings, not interfering with any others who
might wish to build. A short tune previous to this, Or.
McLaughlin had a store house erected for the company, not 1
occupied, however, fVirther than to store wheat and other
articles in, and as a trading boose during the salmon sea-
son. Alter this, in 1841, a shanty was erected, and a man
kept at the foils, wbose business it was to trade with the
Indians for furs and salmon, and look out for the Doctor's
claim, he said, and to forbid persons building at the falls,
as some had built, and others were about building. This
man was and itill is a servant of the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany.
" During the years 1841 and 1843, several families settled
at the falls, when Dr. McLaughlin, who still resided at
Fort Vancouver, comes on the ground, and says the land is
his, and every person building without his permission is
held as a trespasser."
What do you think of this, Mr. Speaker?
An Englishman holding an Jbiurica  citizen a
trespasser for settling on American soil, where the
American Government had invited him !! This,
air, was before the treaty, and before the pro-
visional government was formed, and when one
American had as good right to settle there as
another, and all a better right than Dr. McLaugh-
lin. Yet this barefaced Jesuit has the effrontery
to pretend he did not hold that claim by dint of
threats. And now, sir, he and Thornton and
Wait, unite in calling these early settlers, and j
these petitioners "adders" and reptiles, and the
two latter, with only some two or three more, be I
it said for Oregon's sake, introduced and voted for j
the infamous and laudatory resolutions passed by '
that clique, and circulated m your midst. I have I
the proof in my possession, that only five or ^ix ;
men, those two pimps of Dr McLaughlin in-
cluded, voted for these resolutions. It does me
.pleasure to say this, for the credit of my country,
and for the credit of the worthy gentlemen who
signed that memorial. But those. men who did
vote for these resolutions, be they who they'may,
lauding him who had just dubbed my constituents
with the name of " adders," will be branded bv
the scorching brand of popular contempt whien
they deserve. I hope, sir, my injured and slan-
dered constituents will not lay violent hands on
those prostitutes to foreign influence, but I hope
they, whom these men thus unite in slandering,
will treasure up their names, only to be remem-
bered with contempt and pity.
The " petition "continues:
" Without reference to any person's right or clahn, he
empiovt a surveyor to run out the plat, and, as a biil was
before the Senate of the United States to grant every white
male inhabitant a mile square, he has a nule ran out to suit
. Us views, and lays out a town plat at the falls, and calls it
Oregon City. Although some, for peace take, asked him for
lots they already had in possession, and which be appeared
very wilhi^t to grant, the Doctor now felt himself secure,
and posted up the annexed paper ' Notice is hereby given
'to all whom it nay concern, that ibose who have obtained
'grants of lots in Oregon City will be expected to call on
'L. W. Hastings, my authorized agent at Oregon City, and
' obtain a bond fbr a deed or deeds, as the case may be.
< Those who hold claims to any lot, and who comply with
' the above requisite on or before the first day of February
' next, will be entitled to their lot or lots; otherwise the lots
' upon which they hold claims will thereafter be subject to
' «s« disposition which the <mdertiened may think proper
• to tnake of them. " JOHN MCLAUGHLIN.
"January IS, 1843."
Now, Mr. Speaker, all this was before the Pro-
visional Government was in operation—before the
treaty, when no man had any right to meddle with
the soil. Who can contemplate the helpless con-
dition of these few and feeble American citizens,
at that time and place, struggling for life and for
subsistence, thus kicked and buffeted round at the
mercy of one of the most powerful corporations
on earth, headed by a man whose intrigues must
have furnished Eugene Sue with a clue to his
"Wandering Jew,"—who, I say, sir, can thus
contemplate our flesh, and blood, and kindred,
with their land, their houses,their all, thus posted
up, and declared subject to any disposition this
unfeeling man might make of them without shed-
ding tears of pity for their distress. And, having
, suffered all this, they are now gazetted as " ad-
ders," and with this soubriquet, they are circulated '
throughout the whol« country, sent to every pa-
per, forced to the notice of the members of this
House and of Congress, with the slanderer being
indorsed by laudatory resolutions, introduced, ad-
vocated, and passed by only four or five .men, !
among these Wait and Thornton! I desire no :
break or collision with any man; but if I could be
so mean and contemptible as to sit silent and suf- i
fer the noblest people on earth thus to be traduced, ]
thus villified, thus hawked about in this House
and through the country, without rebuking those
who attempt it, and without challenging their im-
pudence and audacity, I should deserve nothing of.
this people better than a coat of tar and feathers,
which would set much better on their slanderers than
on me. Come what will, life or death, success or
disaster, infamy and torture, and even fire itself, 1
I will throw myself in front of the people I repre-
sent, and defend their honor, their reputation, and
their name; and if either is stricken down, it shall
be pierced through me, and reached over my fallen
carcass!
The " petition" continues: I
"All who had lots were required to pay Mr. Hastings five
dollars for a deed of land which tliey knew very well the
grantor did not own,and which we hope henever will own, ,
but that Congress will pass a special act, granting each mnn I
bis lot and improvements. ***** To those who
applied and paid their five dollars, all was right with the 1
Doctor, while those who considered his title to the land not 1
good, and that therefore he had no right to direct who should j
build, and who should not, had their lot« sold to others. In '
one case the purchaser came to the original claimant and 1
ordered him to stop digging the ground which he was pre-
paring for a garden, and commanded him to remove his
fences, as he had Dr. McLaughlin's bond in his pocket for ,
the lots, and if be did not move the fence, he would, and
take forcible possession, and those who desired to have no
difficulty, and did not apply for a deed, have lost their lots, |
the Doctor's promise and ail. And Mr. Hastings, the Doe-
tor's agent, is now offering for sale tbe lots on which a part j
of tbe mission buildings stand; and if he succeeds in finding j
a purchaser, they must either contend, or lose their build- ;
ings too.
" Dr. McLaughlin has held claims in other places, south '
of thp Columbia river—at Tmlutin plains, and at Clark- <
amas plains, he has had huts erected to prevent others from 1
building. And such is the power of Dr. McLaughlin, that >
many persohs are actually afraid to make their situations j
known, thinking if he hears of It he will stop their supplies." i
Now, sir, just turn to my correspondence in !
letters one and two, where he tells you, if a man j
settled where the company did not allow him to, he
paid the/or/ei/ure with his life, or from necessity was
compelled to yield. And here, again, the names of
Wait and Thornton rise up before me, and while
reading their laudations of McLaughlin, I can think
of nothing but two Jews lauding Judas Iscariot.
The "petition " continues: !
" Letters were received here from Messrs. Ladd & Co. I
of the Sandwich Islands, in answer to a letter written by
the late Mr. Ewing Toung, for a few supplies, that orders
were received forbidding the company's vessels carrying
any goods for the settlors of Oregon."
Mr. Speaker, if my blood run chill in my veins
by- nature, I should be ashamed of my humanity
if it would not grow warm upon reading this.
Here, sir, is the testimony of all the respectable
names which follow, to the fact that this company
were determined the American colony should starve
or beat their mercy—to the fact that they did war
against the early settlers—that they did labor to
prevent the growth of the country, and that this
Dr. McLaughlin was at the head of it. He was
at the head of the company when that order was
given, and the order must have proceeded from
his own lips, because nobody else had the right to
five it; nor would it hare been obeyed unless given
y him! This Ewing Young was a southern man,
from the State of Tennessee, I think, warm in his
heart as are the hearts of his kindred in the south,
and his ashes now rest in peace in Oregon. It
gives me pleasure, here in my place, to place his
name on the records of mv country, and to do
honor to mm as one of the early pioneers to Ore-
gon. Methinks I can hear the voice of his spirit
whispering in the breeze, testifying in death to
these truths which he witnessed in life. To his
grave in the beautiful Chehalem I would cite my
countrymen as the grave of one who bore witness
to these facts, and who fell in his struggles to build
up Oregon. Would that I could speak him into
life again, or that I could raise over his ashes a
statue of marble as tall and as noble as the forest
trees among which it was his delight in life to
roam, and beneath which, in death, it is his for-
tune to slumber.
The "petition" continues:
" Every means will be made use of by them to break
down everything that will draw trade to this country, or
enable persons to get goods at any other place than their
store.
" One other item and we are done. When the United
States Government officers of distinction arrive, Vancouver
is thrown open, and every facility afforded them. They
were even more condescending to the settlers during the
time the Exploring squadron was in the Columbia. Nothing
was left undone to give the officers a high opinion of tlie
honorable Hudson's Bay Company." * * * *
This petition is signed by many persons, many
of whom I know, who are now living in Oregon. 1
can bear unqualified testimony to their character in
society, to their honor and to theirveracity. I un-
dertake to say, that not a word is uttered in it but
the truth, and it is susceptible of any reasonable
proof. I know the gentleman who wrote the ori-
, ginal, whom to know is to respect, to listen to, to
believe. He is a gentleman of the highest standing
in Oregon, of some twelve or fourteen years' resi-
dence, and who would be universally believed on
any subject on which he would presume to speak.
; That gentleman informs me that every word of it
is true to the letter, and he is not the gentleman
! who wrote letters 1 and 2, but another and differ-
ent person. This petition I have copied from the
public records, (Senate Doc., vol. 3, 1st session
28th Congress.) It is proper I should say that I
have italicized some words not italicized in the
original. 1 am willing it should go to the country
—it will speak for itself and vindicate me. Here,
sir, are the names:
| 11 Robert Shortess, A. E. Wilson, Wm C. Remick, Jef-
frey Brown, E. N. Coombs, Reuben Lewis, Geo. Davis, V.
Bennett, J. Reckner, T. J. Hubbard, James A. O'Niel,
, Jerciniafi Horegon, William McKarty, Chas. Cotnpo, John
Howard, R. Williams, G. Brown, John Turner, Theodore
Pancott, A. F. Waller, John Hofstatter, G. W. Bellamy,
William Brown, Alanson Beers, Jos. L. ParrUh, Williatn
H. Gray, A. D. Smith, J. C. Bridges, Aaron Cook, A. Cope-
land, S. W. Moss, GAstavus Hines, Geo. W. LeBreton, J.
R. Robb, J. L. Morrison, Medorera Crawford, John Ander-
i son, James M. Bates, L. H. Judson, Joel Turnhara, Rich-
, ard H. Ekin, Hamilton Campbell, James Force, W. H.
| Wilson, Felix Hathaway, J. Lawsoti, Titos. J. Shadden,
Joseph Gibbs, S. Lewis, Jr., Charles Ray, William Borne,
S. Davis, Joseph Yattan, C. Arrandrill, A. Tanner, David
Carter, J. J. Campbell, W. Johnson, John Edmunds, W.
Hauxhurst, W. A. Pfeiffer, J. Hitman, ii. B: Beder, and
William C. Sutton."
If in the mouth of two or three witnesses all
things are established, then surely rixty^five men
are good evidence of the facts stated in the peti-
tion to which their names were attached, and then,
you and the country can judge whether this man
McLaughlin, by whom all the abuses here com-
plained of were dictated, is entitled to receive gra-
tuities of the American Government fbr such ras-
calities, or whether the people of Oregon owe him
a debt of gratitude which they refuse to pay.
I wish you, Mr. Speaker, and the whole country
to take notice, what was said in the petition just
closed, to wit: that some persons were actually
afraid to let their location be known for fear of the
vengeance of Dr. McLaughlin. I would also cite
you to letters one and two, wherein it is said, if a
! settler located anywhere against the company's
j wish, he paid the forfeit with his life, or from ne-
! cessity was compelled to yield. The point to
which I wish to bring your attention is, that the
Spanish inquisition or the French guillotine was
; no" more sure to drink the blood of its victim than
were this company, under the guidance of Dr. Mc-
Laughlin, to seek and obtain vengeance on those
who offended their august will. The above peti-
tion was dated on the 25th of March, 1843. Of
course it was immediately circulated for signatures,
i Word comes to Dr. McLaughlin that American
citizens have presumed to implore their mother
country to protect them from the wrongs of British
oppression, and he sits down and writes a letter to
Rooert Shortess, of which the following is a copy,
with as much arrogance as though he had been, as
he was for many years, the autocrat of all Oregon.
Here, sir, is the letter; mark the place of its date,
1 and the imposing addenda he affixes to his name:
i "Vancouver, Jlpril 13,1843.
i Mr. Shortess, Sir:
1 I am informed that you have circulated a petition for sig-
natures, complaining of me, and of the Hudson's Bay Com-
j pany. i hope you will, in common fairness, give me a copy
1 of the petition, ioith the names of those who signed ft, that
I may know what is said against us, and who those are who
think they have cause of complaint against us.
I am, sir, your obedient humble servant,
john Mclaughlin,
Chief Factor Hudson's Bay Company, and Superintendent
of Hudson's Bay Company's Jtjfairs9 west of the Rocky
Mountains."
