44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 26,
31 st Cong 2d Sess.
Land Titles in Oregon City—Mr. Thurston.
Ho. of Reps.
But on January 18th, 1843, as appears by his
ad vertisement, he was turning out doors American
citizens, at Oregon City—stripping men of their
homes, declaring: they Would be subject to " any !
disposition" (this is the phrase) he might make
of them, if they did not yield. All this time he
was "chief factor," with all the tail to his name
above qiven—was in fact the company, and a full-
blooded British subject, yet disposing and selling
American soil, driving off the missionaries of the
country, selling their lots and houses, sending or-
ders to the Sandwich Islands forbidding all com-
pany vessels from bringingany goods for American
settlers, loaning cattle for all the increase, and
making the poor man pay for the cow if she died
even by thecourseof nature; taking twenty per cent,
discount on money both ways,measuringwheat in
a Ihree-peck half bushel measure, kicking it, and "
striking it with a club to boot, and then paying
but sixty cents per bushel; holding three or four
claims at the same time, and building cabins on
them to prevent the settlers; refusing to grind for
the settlers, leaving them to eat boiled wheat or
starve; laboring to overthrow all their projects to '
build a mill for themselves, and doing deeds of a
kindred nature, as is proven by the documents
above. And now, when "Young Oregon" is
struggling "to be delivered from the hands of for-
eign oppression, and the chains and manacles of
British power," the sword of the Hudson's Bay
Company, in the hand of its leader, this same
McLaughlin, is raised to take off the head of the ;
supplicant, as he kneels before the altar of his j
country, asking for protection and laws !! The 1
names must be given, and for what? I will not
say whether as a sure guide to the tomahawk of
the Indian, or As a precursor to death by combined
and grinding oppression—I leave this to the wit-
nesses who have already spoken. But could you
read in the records of Heaven the deeds of this ,
power in Oregon, while you would admire the
consummate skill with which they were conducted,
your whole moral nature would be shocked by
the baseness of the design, and the means for their
accomplishment. Why, sir, while I speak, their
deeds rise up before me like the returning spirits
of former years, covered all over with blackness,
to excite my indignation and fan to a flame that
spark of American fire, which I in common with
my countrymen possess. And now, while the
recollection is just returning, I would ask Dr. 1
McLaughlin if the French Catholic priest, Lang-
lelois, was not rebuked and reprimanded by the
Hudson's Bay Company, because on one Fourth
of July, I believe, he presumed to unfurl on Amer-
ican soil, the Star Spangled Banner, over his own !'
head and the heads of his confiding flock ? Be- I!
cause the liberty-loving heart of this Frenchman, |
snuffing the inspirations of liberty itself from the I
border of that ocean where it was done, wished, ,
on the return of that memorable day, to pay a .
tribute of respect to that magic emblem of the
world's liberty—because he would cheer, as he did
cheer—that matchless banner which had been raised
triumphantly on the fallen pride and prowess of
their masters, these British propagandists pre-
sumed to chastise this humble priest in his retire-
ment !! This, sir, I received from the priest him- !
self, and it is no secret in Oregon. Would, sir,
that my voice could fall on the ears of that gal-
lant colony whom I represent here, and you could
hear their response cheering the flag thus honored
by this priest, and thus struck at by this com- j
pany, you never would doubt their love for it, or
their unwavering determination to defend it.
But now let us return to a little more public sen- i
timent in Oregon, as expressed about the reserva-
tion of the Oregon City claim, after my letter to
the members of this House reached Oregon. I
shall give the following extracts without regard to
their order or dates. A gentleman writing under
date October 19, 1850, says: " I am happy to in-
form you that you are losing no friends, but gain-
ing them by scores. I take the pains to feel of the
people about this matter." Another, under date
19th October, 1850, says: " I feel much pleased
with your judgment in maturing the land bill. * *
Keep on straight forward and you will win."
Another, under date of October 4, 1850, says:
" I am much gratified to learn that tlie land bill passed
the House in the shape it did, reserving the M.Laughlin
„course will be sustained. The high-minded !
ricane of this country will sustain a course so fraught '
with American feeline and American virtue. True-hearted
Americans cannot full to stand by a man who stands by
them. Before you receive this you will see the proceed-
ings of a meeting at Oregon City, got up by the slanderer
Wait, and the infamous Thornton. Do not be startled at
such a proceeding—it is the last agonizing efforts of a few
miserable miscreants, who Are dying in the stench of their
own infamy."
Another, under date of October 18,1850, says:
" I glory in the course you have taken in reference to the
Hudson's Bay Company, for they have tried to rob me al-
ways, but the Lord has been on my side, and has not suf-
fered them to do it altogether."
Another, under date September 25,1850, says:
" There has latterlv appeared in the Spectator a letter of
John McLaughlin, alias J. Q. Thornton, against your posi-
tion touching the Oregon City site. You know that I am
no man-flatterer, but f don't know when I have been so
anxious to give a public document its deserved rebuke as I
do that same letter. There is scarcely a sentence in that
letter but what is a choscn text for a whole chaptcr for that
old man's'jesuitical' charactcr. The reason I have not,
and cannot, take up the old man and riddle his character to
his utter consternation, is that I am sick. Let me assure
you that the old Doctor is just the Jesuit I should like to
hold up to the indignation of the Americans throughout the
Union."
Another, under date of October 7, 1850, says:
*' The good people of Oregon esteem you highly for your
faithfulness in their behalf. Yet, there are a few aristocrats
that are not pleased at anything like American independence
and rights of freemen. The old Doctor, McLaughlin, com-
plains heavily, as may be expected, aided by Thornton and
others, for the paltry sum of a few dollars, to swindle the
Government out of its just rights. * * * *
"* * That site should be reserved."
And this man is of seven years standing in Ore-
gon; went through with the first wagon-company
ever crossing the plains, and has been an eye wit-
ness of many of the transactions named above.
Another, under date of September 20,1850, says:
" The people of this Territory aTe much pleased with
your course in Congress, except Dr. McLaughlin," Slc., Stc.
Another, under date of October 4th, 1850, says:
" You will see the proceedingsof the McLaughlin meet-
ing, at Oregon City, published in the Spectator, but 1 do
not think you need be alarmed at the demonstration."
Another says:
" I do not deem it amiss to inform you that the course
you have pursued at Washington is almost universally
approved by your constituents," See.
Another, under date of September 4, 1850, says:
" Since my last letter, I find a considerable excitement
has arisen at Oregon City, in reference to the McLaughlin
claim, the probability of its being reserved by Government.
If you should hear anything about it, don't be alarmed.
Your friends are not in Oregon City, nor have they ever
been. The bone and smew of the land will tnumphantly
sustain you in your course against the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany."
Another, under date of September 6th, says:
" Now, sir, without flattery, we are well pleased with
! your course in Congress. If the land bill passes in the
shape we saw it last, you will immortalize your name m
this country."
Another, under date of August 31st, says:
" Let me repeat that your proceedings thus far hare given
the highest satisfaction throughout the Territory."
Another, under date of September 8, 1850, says:
All the British in this country are howling about your
letter to the House of Representatives with reference to
John McLaughlin's claim. But let them howl. The Scrip-
tures inform us that evil men and seducers shall wax worse
and worse, deceiving and being deceived."
Another, under date September 21, 1850, says:
" I will add, that a better land law, in my humble opin-
ion, could not be framed, for the good of the country, by
the art of man."
Another, under date August 29, 1850, says:
"We keep talking with anxious pleasure of your good
doings in our behalf. * * * I was informed that the
old Doctor rolled on the floor all night, with a bottle of Cay-
enne pepper by his side."
Another, under date September 3, 1850, says:
" Your position in regard to the Doctor's claim win be
sustained by the people.   * * Your appeal * * *
must have the desired effect with all men whose hearts are
| in the right place. We shall look anxiously for the land
bill by the next steamer, and when it comes we shall have
a general jubilee."
Under date September 20, 1850, another says:
"I have perused Dr. McLaughlin's letter in the last num-
ber of the 'Spectator,' and it seems to me like his dying
effort, although it is not imperceptible to any sound reader
that Thornton was the scribe in the matter. I cannot see
why such a letter should be offered to our people, as it is
merely a fctatement, &c., * * * without touching upon
those unjust treatments he had shown to others through
English hostility."
Here, sir, is a lot holder writing to me before he
knew that the Assembly had power to confirm any
lot for a nominal sum, suggesting that the honest
lot holders ought to have their lots confirmed:
" But it lias just struck me that w hile you do this, do it
only for Jtmerimn citizens, as the Doctor might transfer to
thclludson's Bay Company, for the jmrpovc of evasion."
This, sir, is the reason why I determined to place
the power ill the Assembly, that such tricks "for
the purpose of evasion," might be rebuked, wheth-
er those jesuitical transfers might be made to the
Hudson s Bay Compuny or to hired pimps pan-
dering to the corrupt offers of moneyed power.
And still another, writing under the same mis-
take, saysi
" The people generally would be glad for such law to go
into effect if the purchasers of lots in Oregon City could be
secured in their titles."
That this was the original intention in framing
the bill, to have all meritorious lot-holders made
safe, I refer to Dr, Fitch's letter for proof, which
I have previously read.
Another man, writing under date August 10,
1850, speaking of the trial and execution of the
murderers of Dr. Whitman, and a large number
of American citizens, which murder I have no
more doubt was instigated by the Hudson's Bay
Company than I doubt my existence, says:
" This is the second death and disappointment the Hud-
son's Bay Company have received in this country. The
first was your election. A most tremendous struggle was
made to prevent the execution of the Indians. When the
Doctor found the Indians must be hung lie seemed like a
madman, swore ternbly, cursed Dr. Whitman, said he got
just what he deserved," &c.
Is not this a beautiful picture? A hoary-headed
British propagandist claiming gifts from the Amer-
ican Government out of one side of his mouth,
I and cursing the execution of American law, heap-
j ing imprecations upon the ashes of murdered
American citizens, and justifying the assassins,
out of the other side!! Yet, sir, this is the man
before whom Thornton and Wait bow the supple
knee and worship. Oh, shame, where is tny
abiding place! I must be permitted so far to vin-
dicate the honor of my Territory, and the brave
and generous people who inhabit it, to assure you
that the star-spangled banner in Oregon waves^
over but a very few such recreant and unworthy
sons.
Another, writing under date of September 19,
1850, says:
" i have watched your exertions in Congress witli care,
and find nothing to condemn, but everything to approve.
The Hudson's Bay interests arc making all sorts of charges,
, in consequence of your letters to the members of Congress.
'You will probably see hy this mail that Dr. McLaughlin
heads the troops that are to assail you. Fear not; Jlmeri-
cancitizens live in Oregon
1 Thank God for it, sir. American citizen!
What a flint to bring fire out of the steel of the
true-hearted man!
i Another, under date of September 4,1850, says:
t! We have just received your letterto the two Houses of
, Congress. In regard to that part of it which refers to the
1 'Oregon City claim,' it meets my cordial approbation.
" The old aristocrat, McLaughlin, is here at present. He,
together with his attorney, Thornton, is exhausting the
vocabulary of abuse for your benefit. Thornton, I am told,
says he would sooner vote for the devil than Thurston.
You have nothing to fear from such men ; and I hope you
will maintain your position with firmness, as your course
meets with the approbation of all, except the Hudson's
Bay clique, and their satellites. You are aware that the
report was circulated shortly after you left here that you
had received a fee from McLaughlin, and was in his inter-
est. I myself believed it for awhile. But I, in general with
the people of Oregon, am now convinced that you are de-
termined not to sacrifice our interests for the benefit of a
man who has already accumulated a princely fortune at the
expense of the good people of this Territory. Why should
Congress give him a million of dollars who refused to aid
the country and stood aloof during that' time which tried
men's souls,' [meaning the <'ayuse war,] while there are
hundreds of good, honest, patriotic soldiers here who de-
fended the country during the Cayuse war?"
Here, Mr. Speaker, 1 will close my extracts. I
could read you similar ones for hours, all tending
to the same point—that the people of Oregon called
for the same thing which was done in that land
bill—the reservation of the Oregon City claim. 1
have quoted to show that my course is approved
| so far as that is concerned. I have refrained, so
far as possible, to quote from these letters, show-
i 1 , *   * v«nflto the nnnrriTRi.
1U1 tt 1.1 UUOCHUlCj IV |
ing that my whole course here meets the approval,
warm and hearty approval, of my people. J_ ask
no more, or any warmer approbation than 1 nave
received, and than I continue to receive by every
mail. The authors of these quotations are, all ot
tl them, men above suspicion, men widely known
