46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 31,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Relations with Austria.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
gerous example of the United States of America
m makinjr efforts for the establishment of inde-
pendent Governments, such an admonition from
that Sovereign to his Hungarian subjects would
not have originated here a diplomatic correspond-
ence. The President migkt, perhaps, on this
ground, have declined to direct any particular re-
ply to Mr. Hulsemann's note; but, out of proper
respect for the Austrian Government, it has been
thought better to answer that note at length; and
the more especially as the occasion is not unfavor-
able for the expression of the general sentiments
of the Government of the United States upon the
topics which that note discusses.
A leading subject in Mr. Hulsemann's note is
that of the correspondence between Mr. Hulse-
mann and the predecessor of the undersigned, in
which Mr. Clayton, by direction of the President,
informed Mr. Hulsemann "that Mr. Mann's mis-
sion had no other object in view than to obtain re-
liable information as to the true state of affairs in
Hungary, by personal observation." Mr. Hul-
semann remarks that "this explanation can hardly
be admitted, for it says very little as to the cause
of the anxiety which was felt to ascertain the
chances of the revolutionists." As this, how-
ever, is the only purpose which can with any ap-
pearance of truth be attributed to the agency; as
■nothing whatever is alleged by Mr. Hulsemann to
have been either done or said by the agent incon-
sistent with such an object, the undersigned con-
ceives that Mr. Clayton's explanation ought to be
deemed not only admissible, but quite satisfactory.
Mr. Hulsemann states, in the course of his note,
that his instructions to address his present com-
munication to Mr. Clayton reached Washington
•bout the time of the lamented death of the late
President, and that he delayed from a sense of
propriety the execution of his task until the new
Administration should befully organized: "a delay
which he now rejoices at, as it has given him the
opportunity of ascertaining from the new President
himself, on the occasion of the reception of the
diplomatic corps, that the fundamental policy of
the United States,so frequently proclaimed, would
guide the relations of the American Government
with other Powers." Mr. Hulsemann also ob-
serves that it is in his power to assure tke under-
signed "that the Imperial Government is disposed
• to cultivate relations of friendship and good under-
standing with the United States." The President
receives this assurance of the disposition of the
Imperial Government with great satisfaction, and,
in consideration of the friendly relations of the two
Governments thus mutually recognized, and of
the peculiar nature of the incidents by which their
good understanding is supposed by Mr. Hulse-
mann to have been, for a moment, disturbed or
endangered, the Presideut regrets that Mr. Hulse-
mann did not feel himself at liberty wholly to for-
i bear from the execution of instructions which were
of course transmitted from Vienna without any
foresight of the state of things under which they
would reach Washington. If Mr. Hulsemann
• saw, in the address of the President to the diplo-
matic corps, satisfactorypledges of the sentiments
and the policy of this Government, in regard to
neutral rights and neutral duties, it might, perhffps,
have been better not to bring on a discussion of
past transactions. But the undersigned readily
admits that this was a question fit only for the
consideration and decision of Mr. Hulsemann him-
self; and although the President does not see that
any good purpose can be answered by reopening
the inquiry into the propriety of the steps taken
by President Taylor, to ascertain the probable
issue of the late civil war in Hungary, justice to
his memory requires the undersigned briefly to
re-state the history of those steps, and to snow
their consistency with the neutral policy which
has invariably guided the Government of the
United States in its foreign relations, as well as 1
with the «stablished and well-settled principles of
national intercourse, and the doctrines of public !
Jaw. _
The undersigned will first observe that the Pres-
ident is persuaded His Majesty the Emperor of
Austria does not think that the Government of the
United States ought to view, with unconcern, the
extraordinary events arhich have occurred, not
«nly in his dominions., but in many other parts of ,
Mrope, since February, 1848. The Government j
and People of the United States, like other intelli-
gent Governments and communities, take a lively
interest in the movements and the events of this
remarkable age, in whatever part of the world they
may be exhibited. But the interest taken by the
United States in those events, has not proceeded
from any disposition to depart from that neutrality
toward foreign Powers, which is among the deep-
est principles and the most cherished traditions of
the political history of the Union. It has been the
necessary effect of the unexampled character of
the events themselves, which could not fail to arrest
the attention of the contemporary world; as they
will doubtless fill a memorable page in history.
But the undersigned goes further, and freely ad-
mits that in proportion as these extraordinary
events appeared to have their origin in those great
ideas of responsible and popular governments, on
which the American constitutions themselves are
wholly founded, they could not but command the
warm sympathy of the people of this country.
Well-known circumstances in their history, in-
deed their1 whole history, have made them the
representatives of purely popular principles of
Government In this light they now stand before
the world. They could not, if they would, con-
ceal their character, their condition, or their des-
tiny. They could not, if they so desired, shut out
from the view of mankind the causes which have
placed them, in so short a national career, in the
station which they now hold among the civilized
States of the world. They could not, if they de-
sired it, suppress either the thoughts or the hopes
which anse in men's minds, in other countries,
: from contemplating their successful example of free
! government. That very intelligent and distin-
1 guished personage, the Emperor Joseph the Sec-
j1 ond, was among the first to discern this necessary
( consequence of the American Revolution on the
sentiments and opinions of the people of Europe.
In a letter to his Minister in the Netherlands in
1787, he observes that "itis remarkable that Prance,
by the assistance which she afforded to the Ameri-
: cans,gave birth to reflections on freedom." This
I fact, which the sagacity of that monarch per-
ceived at so early a day, is now known and ad-
| mitted by intelligent powers all over the world,
j True, indeed, it is, that the prevalence on the
: other continent of sentiments favorable to Repub-
: lican liberty, is the result of the reaction of Ame-
rica upon Europe; and the source and centre
1 of this reaction has doubtless been, and now is,
in these United States. The position thus belong-
ing to the United States is a fact as inseparable
' from their history, their constitutional organiza-
tion, and their character, as the opposite position
{ of the Powers composing the European alliance is
■ | from the history and constitutional organization
|] of the Governments of those Powers. The sov-
| ereigns who form that alliance have not unfre-
! quently felt it their right to interfere with the
j political movements of foreign States; and have,
in their manifestoes and declarations, denounced
the popular ideas of the age, in terms so compre-
hensive as of necessity to include the United
: States, and their forms of'government. It is well
known that one of the leading principles announced
by the allied sovereigns after the restoration of the
Bourbons, is, that all popular or constitutional
rights are holden no otherwise than as grants and
indulgences from crowned heads. " Useful and
I necessary changes in legislation and administra-
tion," says the Lay bach Circular of May, 1841,
" ought only to emanate from the free will and
•intelligent conviction of those whom God has
' rendered responsible for power; all that deviates [
| ' from this line necessarily leads to disorder, com-
; ' motions, and evils far more insufferable than
' those which they pretend to remedy." And his
j late Austrian Majesty, Francis I.) is reported to
j have declared in an address to the Hungarian
| Diet, in 1820, that " the whole world had become
j foolish, and, leaving their ancient laws, was in
| search of imaginary constitutions." These dec-
| larations amount to nothing less than a denial of
the lawfulness of the origin of the Government of
the United States, since it is certain that that
i Government was established in consequence of a
change which did not proceed from thrones, or
the permission of crowned heads. But the Gov-
! ernment of the United States heard these denun- j
; ciations of its fundamental principles without j
remonstrance, or the disturbance of its equanimity.
This was thirty years ago.
The power of this Republic, at the present mo-
ment, is spread over a region, one of the richest
and most fertile on the globe, and of an extent in
comparison with which the possessions of the
House of Hapsburg are but as a patch on the
earth's surface. Its population, already twenty-
five millions, will exceed that of the Austrian em-
pire within the period during which it may be
hoped that M. Hulsemann may yet remain in the
honorable discharge of his duties to his Govern-
ment. Its navigation and commerce are hardly
exceeded by the oldest and most commercial na-
tions; its maritime means and its maritime power
may be seen by Austria herself, in all seas where
she has ports, as well as it may be seen, also, in
all other quarters of the* globe. Life, liberty,
property, and all personal rights are amply se-
cured to all citizens, and protected by just and
stable laws; and credit, public and private, is as
well established as in any Government of Conti-
nental Europe. And the country, in all its interests
and concerns, partakes most largely in all the im-
provements and progress which distinguish the
age. Certainly the United States may be par-
doned, even by those who profess adherence to
the principles of absolute Governments, if they
entertain an ardent affection for those popular
forms of political organization which have so rap-
idly advanced their own prosperity and happiness,
and enabled them in so short a period to bring
their country and the hemisphere to which it be-
, longs, to the notice and respectful regard, not to
say the admiration, of the civilized world. Nev-
ertheless, the United States have abstained, at all
times, from acts of interference with the political
changes of Europe. They cannot, however, fail
to cherish always a lively interest in the fortunes
of nations struggling for institutions like their
own. But this sympathy, so far from being ne-
! cessarilv a hostile feeling toward any of the par-
ties to these great national struggles, is quite con-
sistent with amicable relations with them all. The
Hungarian people are three or four times as nu-
merous as the inhabitants of these United States
were when the American revolution broke out.
'They possess, in a distinct language and in other
respects, important elements of a separate nation-
ality, which the Anglo-Saxon race in this country
1 did not possess; and if the United States wish
success to countries contending for popular consti-
tutions and national independence, it is only be-
cause they regard such constitutions and such
national independence, not as imaginary, but as
real blessings. They claim no right, however, to
take part in the struggles of foreign Powers in or-
der to promote these ends. It is only in defence
1 of his own Government, and its principles and
j character, that the undersigned has now expressed
himself on this subject. But when the United
States behold the people of foreign countries, with-
out any such interference, spontaneously moving
toward the adoption of institutions like their own,
it surely cannot be expected of them to remain
wholly indifferent spectators.
In regard to the recent very important occur-
rences in the Austrian empire, the undersigned
freely admits the difficulty which exists in this
country, and is alluded to by Mr. Hulsemann, of
obtaining accurate information. But this difficulty
is by no means to be ascribed to what Mr. Hulse-
mann calls—with little justice, as it seems to the
; undersigned—" the mendacious rumors propaga-
ted by the American press." For information on
h this subject, and others of the same kind, the
; American press is, of necessity, almost wholly
dependent upon that of Europe; and if " menda-
cious rumors" respecting Austrian and Hunga-
rian affairs have been anywhere propagated, that
propagation of falsehoods has been most prolific on
the European continent, and in countries imme-
diately bordering on the Austrian empire. But,
wherever these errors may have originated, they
certainly justified the late President in seeking *
true information through authentic channels. His
attention was first particularly drawn to the state
of things in Hungary, by the correspondence of
Mr. Stiles, Charge d'Affaires of the United States
at Vienna. In the Autumn of 1848 an application
was made to this gentleman, on behalf of Mr.
Kossuth, formerly Minister of Finance for the
