48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles-—Mr. Benton.
Senatk.
Commissioners of the United States should be
admitted.
Mr. Hulsemann thinks that in Mr. Mann's in-
structions improper expressions are introduced in
regard to Russia; but the undersigned has no rea-
son to suppose that Russia herself is of that opin-
ion. The only observation made in these in-
structions about Russia is that she " has chosen
' to assume an attitude of interference, and her im-
' mense preparations for invading and reducing the
' Hungarians to the rule of Austria—from which
* they desire to be released—gave so serious a char-
* acter to the contest as to awaken the most painful
'solicitude is the minds of Americans. The
undersigned cannot but consider the Austrian
Cabinet as unnecessarily susceptible in looking
upon language like this as a " hostile demonstra-
tion." If we remember that it was addressed by
the Government to its own agent, and has received
publicity only through a communication from one
Department of the American Government to an-
other, the language quoted must be deemed moder-
ate and inoffensive. The comity of nations would
hardly forbid its being addressed to the two Impe-
rial Powers themselves. It is scarcely necessary
for the undersigned to say, that the relations of
the United States with Russia have always been
of the most friendly kind, and have never been
deemed by either party to require any compro- j
mise of their peculiar views upon subjects of do-
mestic or foreign polity, or the true origin of Gov-
ernments. At any rate, the fact that Austria, in j
her contest with Hungary, had an intimate and 1
faithful ally in Russia, cannot alter the real nature
of the question between Austria and Hungary, nor
in any way affect the neutral rights and duties of
the Government of the United States or the justi-
fiable sympathies of the American people. It is,
indeed, easy to conceive that favor toward strug-
gling Hungary would not be diminished, but in-
creased, when it was seen that the arm of Austria
was strengthened and upheld by a Power whose
assistance threatened to be, ana which in the end
proved to be, overwhelmingly destructive of all
her hopes.
Towards the conclusion of his note, Mr. Hulse-
mann remarks that " if the Government of the
' United States were to think it proper to take an
'indirect part in the political movements of Europe,
' American policy would be exposed to acts of re-
' taliation, and to certain inconveniences which
' would not fail to affect the commerce and industry
' of the two hemispheres." As to this possible for-
tune, this hypothetical retaliation, the Government
and people of the United States are quite willing
to take their chances and abide their destiny.
Taking neither a direct nor an indirect par) in the
domestic or intestine movements of Europe, they
have no fear of events of the nature alluded to by
Mr. Hulsemann. It would be idle now to discuss
with Mr. Hulsemann those acts of retaliation
which he imagines may possibly take place at
some indefinite time hereafter. Those questions
will be discussed when they arise, and Mr. Hulse-
mann and the Cabinet at Vienna may rest assured
that, in the mean time, while performing with
strict and exact fidelity all their neutral duties,
nothing will deter either the Government or"-the
people of the United States from exercising, at
their own discretion, the rights belonging to diem
as an independent nation, and of forming and ex- j
pressing thsir own opinions, freely and at all times,
upon the great political events which maytranspire
among the civilized nations of the earth. Theirown I
institutions stand upon the broadest principles of >
civil liberty; and believing those principles and the
fundamental laws in which they are embodied to
be eminently favorable to the prosperity of States
—to be, in feet, the only principles of government J
which meet the demands of the present enlight- '
ened age—the President has perceived with great ..
satisfaction that, in the Constitution recently intro- :
duced into the Austrian empire, many of these !
great principles are recognized and applied, and he !
cherishes a sincere wish that they may produce j
the same happy effects throughout his Austrian I
Majesty's extensive dominions that they have
done in the United States. |
The undersigned has the honor to repeat to Mr. j
Hulsemann the assurance of his high considera-
tion. ^
DAN'L WEBSTER.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
SPEECH O F~M R. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Senate, Fiiday, January, 3, 1851,
On Land Titles in California.
Mr. Benton's amendment to Mr. Gwin's sub-
stitute bill being under consideration, the amend-
ment was read as follows:
Strike out all after tbe ward " That," >t the beginning of
the first line, and insert:
For the purpose of ascertaining and settling the private
land claims in tbe State of California, a recorder of land
titles, learned in the law and skilled in the Spanish and
English languages, shall be appointed by the President, by
and with tbe advice and consent of tbe Senate, who shall
collect and keep all the public archives of California in re-
lation to land grants; and also shall call in for record all
the evidences of land titles in California, and after record-
ing the same shall returirthe originals to the parties, except
where forgery or simulation shall be suspected by the re-
corder, and where there may be no written evidence extant
of the original grant, a written statement may be made of
the claim and received for record, stating all tbe circum-
stances in relation thereto, and especially all that relates to
the faet of actual possession.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of all towns, cities, villages, and pueblos, and of all
missions which have not been secularized, and of all indi-
viduals claiming lands in California by virtue of any claim
whatever, whether derived from the Spanish, the Mexican,
or the California authorities before file conquest of Califor-
nia, or by any American officer since the conquest, to pre-
sent all such evidences of title to the said recorder, upon
due and public notification to that effect by the recorder.
Sec. 3. And ke it further enacted, That, on receiving
sucb evidences of title, tbe said recorder shall cause the
same to be recorded in bound books, and shall make out
duplicate abstracts of all claiini, classified according to the
authority from which they issued, and, retaining one ab-
stract in his office, shall transmit the other to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office at Washington; and it
shall be ttie duty of the recorder, in conjunction with the
district attorney of the United States for the district in which
the claim may lie, to examine the same, and if believed by
them or either of them to be invalid for any cause, it shall
be the duty of the district attorney to issue a scire facias,
stating the cause against the party in possession, or claim-
ant, requiring him to appear in the district court, and show
cause why bis claim should not be held to be invalid and
his grant cancelled; and a report of aU such decisions by
the recorder and district attorney, whether for or against
the validity of the claim, shall be made to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, to be by him laid before the
Secretary of the Interior, to be submitted to the Attorney
General, who may order a scire facias in any case in which
he deems die claim invalid.
Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That, in deciding upon
tbe question of issuing a scire facias against any claimant,
the said recorder and district attorney shall be governed by
the treaty of Guadalupe Victoria, the law of nations, the
laws, usages, and customs of the Government from which
the claim is derived, the proclamations of the commanding
officers at the time of the conquest, and the capitulations
made with such commanders, the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States, as far as they are applicable,
and the law of prescription in favor .of possessory rights,
the same as if it was a question between individuals; and
in all cases actual possession before the conquest of the
country shall be held to be prima facie evidence of valid
title.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the quantity of
four common leagues, measured from the centre of the
town, city, or pueblo, (except San Francisco,) two leagues
in every direction shall be confirmed to all such towns,
cities, and pueblos, (including the city of San Francisco,
formerly Yerba Buena,) the occupied parts to their pos-
sessors having title, and the vacant parts, if any, to the
municipal or town authorities, except such parts as may be
required for military purposes within the United States, and
with this reserve or exception, alj the residue of the said
four leagues square shall be confirmed to the city, town,
village, or pueblo, according to the " instruction and decree
oftbe Captain General ofthe Internal Provinces ofthe West,
dated at Chihuahua, and directed to the commandant at
Monterey, of Upper California," and the four leagues square
confirmed to San Francisco shall be measured south for its
quantity.
Sec. 6. And be it farther exacted, That the grants made
by General Kearny at San Francisco shall be. and hereby
are confirmed, so far as the United States are concerned,
and without prejudice to individuals; and all the reserves
made for the Government ofthe United States, except such
as shall be needed for military purposes, or necessary pub-
lic buildings, shall be, and the same hereby are, granted to
the said city of San Francisco.
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That all other grants
made by any officers under the civil or military Government
ofthe United States since the conquest oftbe country shall
be, and the same hereby are, reserved for the future decision
of Congress; and it shall be the duty of the recorder of land
titles to make a special report thereon, directed to the Com-
missioner of tbe General Land Office as soon as practicable,
to be by him laid before the Secretary of the Interior, and
communicated to Congress.
Sec. 8. And be it-further enacted, That on the trial of
any scire facias to try the validity of a claim, the decision
of the court shall be conclusive in favor of the claimant in
every case, except in cases in which John Charles Frgmont
may be a claimant; and in all cases in which he may be a
claimant, an appeal may be taken in favor of the United
States to the Supreme Court of ths United States, and in
aH decisions against the claimant an appeal may in like
manner be taken to the Supreme Court.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the recorder of
land titles on receiving notiee of each claim shall lay down
the same conjecturally, according to the claim, on district
maps to be constructed by him; and as soon as confirmed,
shall order the same to bp duly surveyed according to the
confirmation.
Sec. 10. And he it further enacted, That the recorder of
land titles shall keep his office at the seat of goveriuuent of
the State, but shall repair to the principal cities, towns, and
settlements, on due and public notice, to receive notices
and evidences of claims.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, And the said re-
corder of land titles shall be allowed a salary of thou-
sand dollars per annum, and twenty cents per mile for id!
necessary traveling, and also shall be allowed a clerk, who
shall receive a salary of thousand dollars per annum,
and the same mileage, and ten cents per hundred words on
all papers recorded or copies given out. And the district
attorney shall be allowed $1,000 per annum, and twenty
cents per mile for his necessary traveling under this act, in
addition to his other compensation.
The amendment being read—
Mr. BENTON said: I made a general exposi-
tion of the plan I propose on yesterday, and shall
now explain some of its special provisions before
I go further into its general merits, or look further
into the effects of the substitute bill proposed by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin.] The
bill which I propose consists of general and spe-
cial provisions, the latter growing out of peculiar
circumstances in California, and necessary to be
separately attended to in order to avoid injustice
and confusion. I have put myself to the trouble
and labor of examining closely the condition of
land tides in California, and hope to offer nothing
to the Senate for which there is not a reason to be
fonnd.
The first of these special provisions is in section
5, and grows out of the peculiar System of land
' distribution (for so the Spanish laws called it) of
the crown lands in California. The settlement of
the Californias was different from that in other
parts of Spanish America: it was by ecclesiastical
missions: and on account of the remoteness of the
country—its isolation, and exposure to dangers—
a most liberal system of land distributions was
adopted, and great care was taken for the protec-
tion of tj^e settlements. Every settlement was to
be formed round a presidio—military station—ex-
tending two common leagues every way from the
centre of the presidio; so that every point should
be equally convenient for protection. Within
that extent the captain of the station, and after-
wards the municipal authorities of the town, vil-
lage, or city whicn grew up about it, was author-
ized to distribute land, not at discretion, but ac-
cording to a rule laid down; and which was wise
and equitable, and#adapted to the wants of every
inhabitant. First, a pueblo, or village, was to be
laid off, consisting of streets and squares; and
within that pueblo every settler was to have a
house lot of so many varas (the Spanish yard, three
geometrical feet) square; then an out lot, for culti-
vation, of moderate and fixed size; then a right of
common in the ungranted 'remainder. This sys-
tem applied to every settlement in the country,
and these settlements commenced in Upper Cali-
fornia, the one which we now own, about the
time of the commencement of the American Revo-
lution—a few years before; and having originated
under a peculiar policy, and as an exception to
the general mode of distributing l^nds in Califor-
nia, I deem it just and proper, now that we have
become masters of the country, and propose to
overhaul all the titles, that we should observe the
distinctions between the different kinds of grants—
the difference between the municipal—thus granted
in small parcels in the pueblos; and the rural,
consisting of large grants in the country. The
fifth section of my bill conforms to that "distinc-
tion, and in the very terms of the Spanish law,
except in the case of Yerba Buena, or San Fran-
cisco, where a deviation in tiie mode of measuring
for quantity is admitted. Instead of measuring
two leagues every way from the centre, which
would put half the grant into the bay of San Fran-
cisco, it proceeds south, in this instance, for quan-
tity—the only direction in which it can be found—
but without prejudice to private claims. With
this reservation, and with an exception of what
is not wanted by the United States for military
purposes, or necessary buildings, all the titles m
the four leagues in all the towns, cities, villages,
and pueblos are confirmed; and all ths vacant
