1851.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Benton.
Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
ground which may still be found in the four
leagues square is granted to the city or town au-
thorities for city or town purposes.
This is the section of my bill in relation to these
pueblo, or municipal grants; and now for the
Spanish law which originated them. I quote
principally from the report ofWilliam Carey Jones,
Esq., to the then Secretary of the Interior, now
member of this body, (Mr. Ewing, of Ohio,) sent
out in 1849 to examine California land titles, in
which he gives, from personal examination, and
tinder special instructions, the history of California
land grants, or rather distributions, with the laws
and decrees in which they are founded. At pages
53-4 of his printed report we find a formal decree
upon this subject—not the oldest, but the most
formal—and the one whose words I have followed
in drawing the section under consideration. And
here I should say that this printed report is a pri-
vate print of am official report. The official report
made to the Secretary of the Interior, and under
his special instructions, by an agent sent to Cali-
fornia for that purpose, was by him communicated
to the Senate, but not printed by its order. When
a motion to print was made, and that motion con-
sidered and sanctioned by the Printing Committee,
to which it was referred, a motion was made in
the Senate to lay that motion to print on the table;
and that motion was agreed to by the Senate. Mr.
Jones then had a thousand copies printed by Gideon
A Co., for distribution among his friends; and
from one of those copies I now quote.
At pages 53-4 of that report I find a decree of
the Captain General of the Internal Western Prov-
inces of New Spain, to whose jurisdiction the Cali-
fornia® belonged, dated from the capital of those
Provinces, Chihuahua, March 22, 1791—about
sixty years ago—his name, Pedro de Nava, and
directed to Don Jose Antonio Roman, commandant
at Monterey of Upper California. It is not the
oldest decree, but old enough to show that it
could not have been issued with any intent to
defraud the United States, and in its terms was
both retrospective and prospective—looking back-
wards and forwards—and equally applying to all
patblos, whether then or afterwards to be founded.
It is entitled " Grants by Captains of Presidios,"
and decrees thus:
" In conformity with the opinion of the solicitor of this
•Commandancia General, I have determined, in a decree of
this date, that notwithstanding the provisions made in the
18th article of the ordinance of Intaiiants, the captains of
presidios are authorized to grant and distribute house lots
and lands to the soldiers and citizens who may solicit them
to fix their residences on. And considering the extent of
fcfr common leagues, measured from the centre of the pre-
sidio square, viz : two leagues in every direction, to be suf-
ficient for the new pueblos, to be formed under the protection
of said presidios, I have likewise determined, in order to
avoid doubts and disputes in fntnre, that said captains re-
■trict themselves henceforward to the qaantity of house lots
and lands within the said four leagues, without exceeding
in any manner said limits, leaving free and open the exclu-
sive jurisdiction belonging to the managers of the royal ha-
cienda respecting the sale, cemposition, and distribution of
the remainder of the lands in the respective districts. And
that this order may be punctually observed and carried into
efffect, you will circulate it to the captains and comman-
dants of the presidios *f your province, inferminp me of
having done so.
" God preserve you many years."
This decree of the Captain General was after
the general law of the Indies for the sale, compo-
sition, and distribution of lands in Spanish Amer-
ica, called the " Ordinanza de Intendentes,'' and 1
specially exempting the Californias from the sys-
tem of the Intendants; as they had, in fact, a sep- .
arate system, without a separate declaration to j
that effect, from the beginning. The previous i
decrees upon the subject were first from the Vice- !
rov of .New Spain, dated August 17, 1773, and :
entitled " Instructions to be observed by the comman- "
dant if the new establishments of San Diego and Mon- '
terey," and of which these are extracts: I
" Art. 19. As the mission settlements are hereafter to be- !
cente cities, care should be taken in their foundation that the
hoases should be built in lime, with wide streets and good I
market squares. By this means will not only be obtained [
symmetry, but the desire of the Indians will be excited not i
to withdraw; and even those not reduced may be reclaimed ■
and drawn to establish themselves, and adopt a rational life.
" Art 11. For the preservation of the new mission set-
tlements, it is very essential that near them should be en-
couraged the raising of cattle, cultivation, and the planting
of trees, and for this purpose to choose suitable lands, ana
on alL to bestow strict attention.
" Art. 12. With the desire that population may be more
speedily assured in the new establishments, I, for the pres-
ent, grant the commandant power to designate common
New Series—No. 4.
lands, and also even to make individual concessions to such
Indians as may most dedicate themselves to agriculture and
the raising of cattle; for, having property of their own, the
love of it will cause them to plant themselves more firmly;
but the commandant must bear it in mind'that it is very ad-
visable not to allow them to live dispersed, each on the land
given him, but that they must have their house and habita-
tion in the town or mission where they have been gathered
or settled.
" Art. 13. I grant the same faculty to the commandant
with respect to distributing lands to the other settlers, (po~
bladores,) according to their merit and ability to improve;
they also living in the town, and not dispersed, declaring
that in the exercise of what is prescribed in this article and
the preceding, he must act in every respect in conformity
with the provisions made in the collection of laws respect- !
ing new redactions and settlements, granting them legal ti-
tles for the owner's protection without exacting any remu-
neration therefor, or for the act of possession."
This decree was three years before the declara-
tion of our independence, and presents three points
to be observed: First, That the commandants of
posts were authorized to make municipal or town
grants by way of distribution in California. Sec-
ond, That these distributions were to be made
both to Indians and white settlers. Third, That
they were to grant legal titles, and without price
or fee.
The next of these decrees which I shall produce '
is that by the Captain General of the Western In-
ternal Provinces, Don Felipe de Neve, dated June
1st, 1779, and approved by a royal cedula of Octo-
ber 14, 1781, entitled " Regulation and instruction
for the presidios of the Peninsula qf Californias, the
erection of new Missions, and encouragement of the
population and extension qf the establishments of Mon-
terey," I give extracts: (Pages 51-2, Jones's re-
port.)
" 4th. The house lots to be granted to the new settlers
shali'be designated by the Governor in the places and of the
extent correspondent to the tract where the new pueblos
are to be established, in such manner that streets and a
square shall be formed, according to the provisions of the
laws of the kingdom, and agreeably to the same, competent
common lands (egidos) shall be designated for the pueblos,
and pasture grounds, with suitable sowing lands, for muni-
cipal purposes, (propios.)
5th. Each suerte of land, (out-lot,) whether capable of
irrigation (ie riego) or dependant on the seasons, (de <ein-
poralf) shall consist of two hundred varas in length by two
hundred in breadth, this being^the ana generally occupied
in the sowing of one fiinega of Indian corn; the distribution
of these house-lots and pieces of land to the new settlers
shall be made in the name of the King our master by the
Government, with equity, and in proportion to the ground
which admits of irrigation, so that after making the neces-
sary demarcation, and reserving vacant the fourth part of
the number which may result, counting with the number of '
settlers, should there be sufficient, each one shall have two '
suertes of Irrigable land, and other two of dry ground, de-
livered to him; and of the royal lands (realeng;os) as much
as may be considered necessary shall be separated for the
propios of the pueblo; and of the remainder, as well as of
the house lots, shall be granted in the name of H. M. by
the Governor, to those who may hereafter come to colonize,
and particularly to soldiers, who, having fulfilled the term
of their engagement, or on account of advanced age, may
retire from service, and likewise to the families of those
who may die; but these persons m««t make their improve-
ments at their own expense, out of the funds which each
possesses, and will not be entitled to receive from the royal
revenue either salary, rations, or cattle, this privilege being
limited to those who leave their own country for the pur-
pose of peopling this.
6th. The houses built on lots granted and designated to j
the new settlers, and the parcels of land comprehended in
their respective concessions, shall be perpetually hereditary
to their sons and descendants, or to their daughters, who
marry useful colonists, who have received no grants of
land for themselves; provided they all comply with the ob-
ligations expressed in these instructions; and, in order that
the sons of the possessors of these concessions, observe the
obedience and respect which they owe to their parents, the
latter shall be freely authorized, in case of having two or
more sons, to choose which of them, being a layman, shall
succeed to the house and lo , and they may likewise dis-
pose of them among their children, but not so as to divide
a single lot, because each and all of these are to remain in-
divisible and inalienable forever."
The decree of the Captain General, Don Pedro
de Nava, of March 22, 1791, was in accordance
to these previous decrees, and to give them cer-
tainty in their extent by fixing the quantity al-
lowed to each presidio for town grants to a square
of four leagues—in conformity to all which the
fifth section of my bill is drawn.
Thus far I quote the text of the law: I will now
give the words of Mr. Jones, in his report to the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to these mu-
nicipal grants, as I find them at page 32 of the re-
port:
"The royal regulation of 1781 for the Californias directs
suitable municipal allotments to be made, ' conformable to
the lawand this likewise must refer to the law specifying
four leagues square.
" The letter of instructions of 1791, authorizing the cap-
tains of presidios to make grants in the neighborhood of
their respective posts, specifies the same quantity, to wit,
' the extent of four common leagues, measured from the
centre of the presidio square, two leagues in each direction,
as sufficient for the new pueblos to be formed underthe pro-
tection of the presidios.1
" The Mexican laws, as for as I am aware, make no
change in this rule; and the colonization regulations of
1828 provide (article 13) that< the reunion of many families
into a town shall follow, in its formation, policy9 &c., the
rule established by the existing laws for the other towns of
the Republic.'
" From all these and other acts which might be quoted it
would seem that, where no special grant has been made or
limits assigned to a village, the common extent of four
leagues would apply to it; it beingiinderstood, however,as
the same law expresses, that the allotment should not inter-
fere with the rights of other parties. The presidio settle-
ments, under the order of 1791, were certainly entitled to
their four leagues; the right of making grants within the
same only transferred from the presidio captain to the mu-
nicipal authorities who succeeded him, as is conformable to
Spanish and Mexicaif law and custom. This was the case
under the Spanish Government; and I am not aware that
the principle has been changed, though no doubt grants have
been made to individuals which infringed on such village
limits. The Territorial Deputation of California, however,
by an act of 6th August, 1834, directed that the ayuntami-
entos of the pueblos should ' make application for common
and municipal lands (ejidos y propios) to be assigned them.'
Wherever it shall appear that this was done, the town, i
suppose, could only now claim what was then set apart for
it. Where it was omitted or neglected, custom, reputed
limits, and the old law would seem to be a safe rule."
This is what Mr. Jones says in relation to these
municipal grants, and from him we learn that the
towns had sometimes special limits assigned for
their municipal grants larger than the four leagues
square. My bill is consistent with this, for while
it confirms the four leagues in every instance,
without requiring any evidence to be produced, or
even title to be claimed, yet wherever the grant was
larger, the other section of the bill will provide for
it when the claim is laid before the Recorder of
Land Titles. Of these larger presidio grants, he
mentions several instances, among others, those of
San Jose and Los Angeles, and shows the circum-
stances, which entitle them to a full recognition of
their limits.
The case of San Francisco receives a special
notice from Mr. Jones, and he considers it entitled
to the quantity of its four square leagues, not by
measuring equal distances each way from the centre,
which would run the greatest part of the grant
into the bay, but by extending soutff—the only
course of extension—but without affecting existing
claims. At pages 332-*3 of his report he says:
" As to the point now under consideration, that of San
Francisco, I find that in the acts of the departmental au-
thorities, the settlements in and about the presidio were
styled * the pueblo of San Francisco,' and the particular
place where the village principally was, and the city now
is,< the point of Verba Buena.y The local authorities, as
its alcalde, or justice of the peace, were termed those of the
pueblo of San Francisco. Its privileges were not, there-
fore, at any time limited to the point of YerbaBuena. Ori-
ginally, probably, it had boundaries in common with the
mission of Dolores, which would restrict it in its four
leagues; but, after the conversion of the mission into a
pueblo, the jurisdiction of the authorities of San Francisco
was extended, and special license given to its principal ma-
gistrate to grant lots at tke mission. San Francisco is situ-
ated on a tongue or neck of land, lying between the bay and
the sea, increasing in breadth, in a southerly direction. A
measurement of four leagues south from the presidio would
give the city, in the present advanced value of property, a
magnificent corporate domain, but not so much as was fairly
assignable to the precincts of the presidio under the order of
1791, nor so much as all new pueblos are entitled to under
the general laws of the Indias. There are private rights,
however, existing within those limits, apart from any grants
of the village authorities, which ought to be respected:
some through grants from the former government; some by
location and improvement, a claim both under our own
law and custom, and under the Spanish law, entitled to
respect. To avoid the confusion—the destruction—that
would grow out of disturbing the multiplied and vast inter-
ests that have arisen under the acts of the American au-
thorities at San Francisco; to give the city what she would
certainly have been entitled to by the terms of the old law^
what she will need for the public improvements and adorn-
ments that her future population will require, and what is
well due to the enterprise which has founded in so
brief a space a great metropolis in that remote region, per-
haps no better or juster measure could be suggested, tnan a
confirmation of past acts, a release of Government claims
to the extent of four leagues, measuring south from the pre-
sidio, and including all between sea and bay, with suitable
provision for protecting private rights, whether under old
grants or by recent improvements, and reserving such sites
as the Government uses may require."
Thua much, Mr. President, I have felt it my
duty to say in support of the fifth section of my
bill, which applies to the municipal grants. It con-
firms by the law itself, ex proprio vigore, the quan-
tity of. four leagues square, which was the mini-
mum quantity granted by a general law; and I
have no doubt that larger quantities were granted
