50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 3,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Tiths—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
by special decrees to different pueblos as they grew
up, ami expanded, and increased in population
and wealth, and became towns and cities. They
were gifts to domiciliated Indians, to discharged
soldiers, and to emigrating settlers; audit is re-
volting to think that the defendants and the assign-
ees of those recipients of the paternal bounty of
the King of Spain, may be dragged before a board
of commissioners to prove their titles, with the
chance of being hauled up into the United States
district courts in California, to prove them a sec-
tion time there, and a further chance to be pulled
across the continent from the Pacific to the Atlan-
tic to prove them a third time before the Supreme
Court of the United States. It is horrible to think
of, and more cruel, and not less illegal, than direct
confiscation.
The sixth section of my bill also contains a special
provision, which needs explanation to justify it.
It confirms the grants made by General Kearny in
San Francisco during the time that he was Gov-
ernor in California; and this supposes the fact that
he, made such grants. This is true; and in answer
to that branch of the inquiries of the Secretary of
the Interior which relate to grants of land in Cali-
fornia subsequent to the conquest, he produces, at
page 30 of the report, this decree of General
Kearny, dated March 10, 1847:
•' I, Brigadier General S. W. Kearny, Governor of Califor-
nia, by virtue of the authority in me vested by the President
of fee United States of America, do hereby grant, convey,
and release unto the town of San Francisco, the people,
or corporate authorities thereof, all the right, title, and
interest of the Government of the United States and of the
Territory of California in and to the beach and water lots
■ on the east l'mnt of nil id town of San Francisco, included
between the points known as the Rincon and Fort Mont-
' gomery, excepting such lot* as may be selected for the use
of the United States Government by the senior nfficers of
the anny and navy now there; provided the said ground here- \
by ceded shall he divided into lots and sold by public auc-
tion to the highest bidder, after three months' notice previ-
ously given; the proceeds of said sale to be for the benefit
of the town of San Francisco."
The section which I propose confirms this de-
cree, without any inquiry into its legality. 1
merely take it as a fact, and deal with it according-
ly, and for the purpose of quieting possessions Rnd
saving a ffflbrishing city from the eaJamity of con-
tested titles. Under the bin of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Gww,] this decree, and the
grants under it, would be excluded even from con-
sideration. It is neither a Mexican nor a Spanish
decree—(to which his bill is confined)—nor is it
before the 7th day of July, 1846, to which it is
limited. If something like the section I have pro- 1
posed is not adopted, there may be much ruinous j
litigation, and even fatal violence in San Francisco, :
in relation to these grants; and Congress will cer-
tainly be petitioned, by special messengers sent
from the country, to interpose the shield of legis-
lative authority. If the decree had not said that
its authority was derived from the President of
the United States, I should have supposed that [
General Kearny had acted under the belief that he I
possessed the power of previous California Gov-
ernors. But, without inquiring into the question 1
of power to make the decree—proceeding on the '
fact that it was made, and that property is pos-
sessed under it, and that Congress can confirm as
well as originate dispositions of the public lands,
I propose to confirm the possessors in their prop-
erty, without inquiry or conditions. But the
equity of doing so is shown by Mr. Jones, in his
report. He says, (page 30, 31:)
" Pursuant to the terms of this paper, what are termed
«Government reservations' were made, both within and out-
Ride the limits specified, and the remainder of the lots
designated have been since in great part «old by the town of ;
San Francisco. These lots extend into the shallow water
along the beach of San Francisco, and are very suitable and
requisite for the business purposes of that growing city, j
The number of four hundred and forty-four of them were
sold in the Bummer ensuing the ' decreeand in Decem-
ber last, I have learned since my return, the remainder, or
a large jportion of them, were disposed of by the corpora-
tion. But little public use has been made of what are de-
nominated the 'Government reservations.' Portions of 1
them are reputed to be covered by old grants; portions :
have been settled on and occupied by way of preemption;
and other portions, particularly ' Rincon Point,' have been
rented out, as I am informed, to individuals, bj the late mil-
itary government. i
"Under the above 'decree' of General Kearny; and '
toe consequent acts of the authorities of San J'rancisco, i
i n*>multiplied' diversified, and important private interests
>T1- v?r?''lrn' 'J1®'; at 'ate day, no good, but immense
?'?"M rMluh (mm disturbing them. The city lias
the lots h v?Ltlm""m I°J fr°m the sale of the lots;
' " have hron resold, and transferred in every variety
or way, and passed through many hands, and on many of
them costly and permanent tm|>rovcmcnts have been made;
improvements required by the business and wants ol the
community, and which ought to give the maker- ot theni
an equitable interest in the land, even without the taith ot
the Government implied by leaving the act of its agent so
long unquestioned. An act of Congress, relinquishing thus
iu the lawful mode the interest of the United Mates in
-those beach and water lots, would seem to be only an act
of justice to the citv and to the lot holders, and to he neees- ;
sary to give that validity and confidence that ought to at-
tach to property of such great value and connimreinl un-
; portance."
The seventh section relates to other grants ot
this kind, made by American officers since the
conquest, but of a class which I do not think it
right to confirm without knowing more about
them. I therefore provide for a special report to
be made upon them by the recorder of hind titles,
l?a\ ing them after the report to the disposition oi
Congress. This class of grants seem to have been
made by the alcaldes—the cadi of the Turks and
Moors, from which latter the Spanish title of calde
is derived, with the prefix of at for the—and is a
sort of justice of the peace, or local judge in Span-
: ish legislation.
These alcaldes, cadis, or justices of the peace in
California—or at least some of them—seem to
have taken it into their heads that, virtute officii,
and as successors.to their old namesakes, they had
the faculty, each within his township, of disposing
of the public lands, and incontinently acted upon
that apprehension. One of these officials stated
his own case in answer to an inquiry put to him
before a certain court-martial which once sat in the
! arsenal near this city, and in which the conduct of
i an officer with respect to one piece of ground was
; called in question. Colonel Fremont, on a specifi-
cation under the charge of " mutiny" preferred
against him by the War Department, was con-
victed of the mutiny in purchasing an island of
rock for the Government for a fort, to save it from
the British; and that being mutiny, he wished to
see what kind of an offence it was, and how far it
1 was fact that other officers, civil and military,
both sold and gave away public lands; and to a
question to that effect, Mr. Edwin Bryant, a citi-
zen of Kentucky and a some time cadi at San Fran-
cisco, and a witness before the court, made this
answer to a question put to him with respect to
'his land operations:
" I supposed the question to refer to this decree, (the de-
cree of General Kearny,) under which, a* I sail, the land
was not actually sold. I did, however, at alcalde of San
i Francisco, by Governor Kearny's appointment, grant and
i sell lots belonging to the public, without sperialorders from
Governor Kearny, but under the usages and customary
powers of the alcalde."
This is conclusive of the fact that sales and
I grants of public land were made in California by
! at least one justice of the peace—an American
! justice with a Spanish title—since the conquest of
: the country. It is believed that many other jus- i
i tices did the same; and I deem it unwise to con-
j firm their acts without having a list of them, and i
; knowing what grants or sales they made, and their
present condition. So far as the grants and sales
may have inured to the benefit of the alcalde him-
i self, either directly or circuitously, or to his kin
within the levitical degrees of prohibited mar- 1
I riages, I should think it would be well, both as a
penalty for the past and as a caution for the future,
not to confirm them at all. But that will be an !
after question. My bill only proposes a report (
' upon all such operations for the information and
future action of Congress. Mr. Jones, in his re-
port, page 31, thus notices these alcalde grants
, and sales:
, " Other operations in lands which had not been reduced I
to private property at the time of the cessation of the former
Government have taken place in and about different towns
and villages, by die alcaldes and other municipal authori-
ties continuing to make grants of Iota and out-lots, more or
less according to the mode of the former Government.
This, I understand, has been done under the supposition of
a right to the lands granted, existing in the respective towns
as corporations. Transactions of this nature have been to
a very large extent at San Francisco; several hundred in-
lots of fifty varas square, and out-lots of one hundred varas '
square, have been thus disposed of by tlie successive al-
caldes of the place since the occupation of it by the Ameri-
can forces, both those appointed by the naval and military
commanders, and those subsequently chosen by the in-
habitants." t
One other special provision remains to be stated
and explained; it is in section 8, and relates to
the claims of John Charles FrSmont, and allows
an appeal to the Supreme Court in all cases in '
which there may be a decision in the district court .
in his favor, while making such decisions in favor
of other claimants conclusive against the United
States. A regard to his own character, and to
prevent injury to others on his account, induces
this exception. Mr. Fremont has a claim—pur-
chased by an agent (Mr, Larkin) without his
knowledge of its existence, and when he had
directed another one to be purchased. That claim
will come up with others for adjudication; and he
felt, when drawing his bill at the last session, and
making a decision in favor of the claimant, either
by a board of commisioners or the district court,'
conclusive in favor of the claimant, that it might
give occasion to those who were disposed to say
it, to say that the design was to screen his own
title from examination in the Supreme Court. He
felt this, and felt it to be unjust; but also felt that
it would look ostentatious and uncalled for, to
volunteer an exception against himself. But now,
and after what has happened, he no longer feels
any hesitation on that account; and,in conformity
to his feelings, I now make the exception whicn
will take his case out of the general provisions of
the bill, and subject it to run the gauntlet of all
the courts, from the lowest to the highest, and
from the shores of the Pacific ocean to the shores
of the Atlantic, and against all the counsel which
the substitute bill authorizes to be employed. He
is willing to run the gauntlet of all this, according
to his letter in relation to the Mariposa estate,
which was read yesterday; but he is not willing
that other claimants should be so subjected, or
that his exertions in their behalf should be weak-
ened by the supposition of an interested motive.
Having explained these special provisions in my
bill, I now return to its general plan, and will ad-
duce some reasotiB founded in Spanish law, and in
the state of land titles in California, in favor of the
leading ideas which it contains, and the leading
views which I presented yesterday. I promised
then to give "chapterand verse" for everything
I alleged, and now I proceed to do it.
I speak, first, of the leading provision, that of
creating a keeper of the land archives—a recorder
—to collect the titles and evidences of claims to
lands in California, and to record and preserve
them. This is an office of such evident necessity
—of such general utility both to the fair claimant
and the public, that it is difficult to conceive of
any system for ascertaining and settling land titles
in a newly-acquired country in which it can be
omitted. It is an office which was created in Up-
per Louisiana preliminary to the appointment of a
board of commissioners, and still exists there, al-
though the board has been long since discontinued.
The bill submitted at the last session by the other
Senator from California, [Mr. Fremont,] con-
tained a provision for such an office. The substi-
tute now offered by the Senator present from Cal-
ifornia, contains no such provision, but merely
sets the commissioners to work adjudicating titles,
with the double appeals to the district and supreme
courts, without any provision either for a prelimi-
nary or subsequent collection, preservation and
record of titles.
One of the inquiries to which the attention of
Mr. Jones was directed by the Secretary of the
Interior, related to this very point—the existence
and condition of the land archives; and his answer
shows the necessity of immediately creating an
officer to collect and preserve all these evidences of
grants and titles. He shows, page 7, that these
archives are in a very imperfect state now. They
were formerly kept at Los .ingeles, but removed
after the conquest to Monterey, and, besides other
imperfections, a book of grants for the year 1846,
seen by Colonel Fremont when he was Governor
at Los Angeles, and delivered by him to the offi-
cers appointad by General Kearny, was not to be
found by Mr. Jones. It was the most material of
all the land books, being the one that covered the
year of the conquest, and the one from winch Mr.
Fremont made the memoranda for the information
of his Government, which I shall presently notice,
and in which the grants of that year, including the
three thousand square leagues to Macnamara,
should be found. These books have been without
any officer appointed by law to take care of them;
and it stands to reason that such an officer should
now be appointed. The bill which I propose, pro-
vides for such an officer; the bill proposed by Mr.
Frgmont at the last session provided for one; the
