52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 2,
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
secularized, if not all, under the Mexican law of
August 17th, 1833. A full report may be seen '
upon them in Mr. Jones's report, from page 14 ;
to I age 21. They require no separate legislation;
ana are therefore left to the general provisions of
the bill. , |
Having finished the exposition of the merits of I
my own bill, I feel bound to present, with some
particularity, the defects of the one offered by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] and which
I think cannot become law without deplorable ef-
fects to California. I take up these objectionable
clauses in the order in which I find them in his
bill.
First. As to the times and places at which the
commissioners are to hold tneir sessions. This
in the substitute bill is left to be fixed by the
President. This, in mv opinion, is doubly wrong.
It is a detail with which the President should not
be troubled; and it is a part of a judicial process
that should be fixed by law, that all persons might
know, as in courts of justice, when and where the
title to their property is to be tried.
Secondly. The substitute bill limits the claims
which may go before the board to those which are
derived from the Spanish or Mexican Govern-
ment. Now this limitation may cut off all those,
or raise a question about them, which were de-
rived from the Califomian local authorities; and
those, as we have seen, constitute the great mass
of the whole—the whole of the muncipal, and
nearly all the rural grants under eleven titics.
The bill submitted by the other Senator from Cali-
fornia at the last session [Mr. Fremont] pro-
vided for all claims derived from the Califomian
authorities, as well as those derived from the
Mexican and Spanish; and the bill I now offer
does the same.
Thirdly. The substitute bill limits the time gf
the duration of these Mexican and Spanish grants
to which the board is to be confined, to those
which originated before the 7th day of July, 1846.
This is an unfortunate limitation, in my opinion,
both as to the idea of fixing a day, and the fact of
the day fixed. The 7th day of July was not the
day of the conquest of California; it was only the
day of the taking possession of the town of Mon-
terey. The country north of the Bay of San
Francisco had been conquered by Col. Fremont,
and the men of his party, and the American set-
tlers of the Sacramento valley, before that time;
and the country south, including Los Angeles, the
seat of government, was conquered afterwards by
Fremont and Stockton, to wit, August 13, 1846.
The day, therefore, named in the bill, has no rela-
tion to any political event affecting titles in Cali-
fornia, and divides the time when the conquest was
going on, and a confusion of Mexican and Amer-
ican authority prevailing. But it happens to be a
fact that the Senate, in ratifying the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Victoria, refused to agree to any day for
the limitation of the derivation of land titles, and
struck out the one which had been inserted at the
instance of the Mexican Government, without in-
serting any other. It was in the tenth article. In
looking at the treaty in its present ratified form, it
will be seen that the tenth article is stricken out.
It was done by the American Senate, and because
that article fixed a day within which to legitimate
titles, and granted time for the fulfillment of un-
executed conditions. Col. Frgmont had shown to
the Senate, in his testimony in relation to Califor-
nia affairs, before the select committee of which
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] was chair-
man, that there were great operations going on
that year, and within that time, in lands in Cali-
fornia, and'which that date might seriously affect.
One branch of these operations was to transfer
the public lands of California to British subjects,
while putting,the country itself under British pro-
tection, and expelling the American •settlers.
Among these operations he gave in a memorandum
of the transfer of missions, and grant of islands, :
of which he had taken note when Governor at Los
Angeles, and in possession of the archives, thus:
."J*1® Mujion of San Gabriel, granted on the 8th of
subjects) t0 Uan Workman and Hugo Reid, (English
San Ra.fael> to Julian Workman and
« q Je"Ple> on the 8th of June, 1846.
dl« of Mav ?•" c!f',nente> granted about the mid-
" 4 Bird rl ',an Workman and Andres Pico.
Julian Workman ' granled on ttle M %S 1846, to j
"6. San Mateo, (part ofthe Mission of Dolores,) granted
in the month of May to Cayetano Arenas.
"7. Mission of San Luis Rey, granted, I believe, in the
month of June, 1846, to Scnor dot.
" 1 submit the following extract from a deed given by
Governor Pico, under date of June 8th, 1846, to Julian |
Workman and Hugo Reid, of the Mission of San Gabriel. . t
A copy of the deed is contained in a letter now in my pos- j
session from Mr. Reid to Commodore Stockton. The words
ot'(governor Pico are: i'
"' Authorized beforehand by the most excellent Assembly
' of the Department to dispose of the missions for the pay- ,'
'inent of their debts, and avoiding of the total ruin of tliein, i
£ as well as to proportion resources that may serve for the I
| ' general defence in case of a foreign invasion, which, nc-
' cording to recent dates, is not far off,' &c.
" The facts above narrated, with many attending circum- 1;
stances, led me to believe that the authorities of California >
designed to create as large as possible a British interest in
the country, or, in other words, to convert, wherever it
could be done, public or Mexican property in California into
British property. These things were mostly done hurriedly,
and mostly at the same fixed period of time, and taken in
connection with my collision with the authorities in March,
1846, and the declaration of the same authorities that I had
come into the country to excite a revolt, and the disposition
shown by the American settlers in offering to aid me, and
the consequent proceedings against them, further led me to
believe that the action of the authorities was influeneedby
apprehension of danger from the Americans. I believe
that the action of the authorities in the grant to Macnamara
was precipitated by the revolution in the north." j ]
He also brought home all the papers of the great : |
Macnamara grants, three thousand square leagues, 11
covering the whole eastern half of the valley of the !
San Joaquin, where so much gold is now found, !i
and it was the exhibition of these papers in the
Senate which contributed more than anything else ,
to cause the tenth article of the treaty to be strick-
en out—no day to be fixed—and the rights of prop-
erty in California to rest under the protection of
the law of nations, and the general clause in favor
of its "free enjoyment," contained in the ninth
article. That great grant commenced at the city
of Mexico in the month of August, 1845, was in
progress of completion in May and June, 1846,
and Macnamara present (brought up by a British
ship of war) to receive possession the moment the
last form was put to it. The operations of Fremont
prevented that last step, and saved a real princi-
pality, a golden principality in the finest part of
California, from passing into the hands of British
subjects. And now the Senator from California (
proposes a day for legitimating titles, when the '
Senate refused, for weighty reasons, to admit of
any day in the treaty.
Fourthly. The substitute bill provides that the
district attorney is to appear before the board of
commissioners to attena to the interests of the
United States. This is converting the examination
before the commissioners into a real lawsuit, the
United States for plaintiff, and their prosecuting
attorney for lawyer. This is going beyond any-
thing ever before known in these boards before.
No lawyer was ever admitted in them before
to plead and manage against the claimants. Of
course, this would bring up counsel on the other
side; and every claim would be a trial at law, with !
ruinous appeals to the district court, and after- 1
wards to the Supreme Court. ;
j Fifthly. The substitute bill requires the prin-
I ciples of the act of May 26th, 1824, for the adju-
I dication of Louisiana claims, to be taken into con- !
sideration by the boards and courts. This is a '
serious error, and brings the law to bear upon the ;
California titles on their trial which was expressly j
excluded from them in their inception. I know all j
about that act of 1824. I drew it. It was founded
upon the great ordinance of 1786—the ordinance
establishing intendants—and from which Califor-1
nia was specially excepted. This would be trying 11
the claims by an ex post facto law. 11
Sixthly. The substitute bill goes upon the idea j
that the land titles in California are inchoate and |1
imperfect, and needed some further act from the j
Mexican or Spanish Governments to make them i
" legal," or perfect titles; and, therefore, the Uni-
ted States must supply that deficiency by giving '
" legal" or perfect titles itself. This is a grand
mistake. All the law which has been read estab-
lishes the contrary. Every word of it proves that ,
these titles were legal and complete when the sim-
ple forms under which they were granted were
complied with—that a concession and possession i
was full title—no further act necessary—no survey
even necessary—no such thing as one of our pat-
ents ever required to issue. Every word of law 1
read proves this; and, therefore, the error is funda- j,
mental, and destructive of all law and of all right,
which proposes to proceed upon them as if they
were inchoate, or mere inceptive titles, requiring
further acts either from Mexico or the United
States.
The report from which I have read so much
well sums up at pages 38-'9 the whole law of the
case, and the whole justice of the case at this point;
and clearly points out how little the United States
have to do with these titles—how easy to discover
the few false or simulated grants from the genuine
—the alarm and ruin of bringing general discredit
upon titles—that a collection of the titles—surveys,
to define grants—and a proceeding against those
alone to which suspi«on attaches—are the only
things which the American Government ought to
do. He says:
" The grants in California, I am bound to say, are mostly
perfect titles; that is, the holders possess their property by
titles, that, under thelawwhich created them, were equiva-
lent to patents from our Government; and those which are
not perfect—that is, which lack some formality, or some
evidence of completeness—have the same equity as those
which are perfect, and were and would have been equally
respected under the government which has passed away.
Of course, I allude to grants made in good faith, and not to
simulated grants, if there be any such, issued since the
persons who made them ceased from their functions in that
respect.
" I think the state of land titles in that country will allow
the public lands to be ascertained, and the private lands set
apart, by judicious measures, with little difficulty. Any
measure calculated to discredit, or cause to be distrusted,
the genera] character of the titles there, besides the alarm
and anxiety which it would create among the ancient popu-
lation, and among all present holders of property, would, I
believe, also retard the substantial improvement of the
country: a title discredited is not destroyed, but every one
is afraid to touch it, or at all events to invest labor and
money in improvements that rest on a suspected tenure.
The holder is afraid to improve; others are afraid to pur-
chase, or if they do purchase at its discredited value,
willing only to make inconsiderable investments upon it.
The titles not called in question, (as they certainly, for any
reason which I could discover, do not deserve to be,) the
pressure of population, and the force of circumstances,
will soon operate tp break up the existing large tracts into
farms of such extent as the nature of the country will allow
of, and the wants of the community require; and this under
circumstances, and with such assurance of tenure, as will
warrant those substantial improvements that thejhrirt and
prosperity of the country in other respects invite.
" I think the rights of the Government will be fully se-
cured, and the interests and permanent prosperity of all
classes in that country best consulted, by no other general
measure in relation to private property than an authorized
survey, according to the grants, where the grants are
modern, or since the accession of the Mexican Govern-
ment, reserving the overplus; or, according to ancient pos-
session, where it dates from the time of the Spanish Gov-
ernment, and the written evidence of the grant is lost, or
does not afford data for the survey. But providing that in
any case where, from the opinion of the proper law officer
or agent of the Government in the State, or from informa-
tion in any way received, there may be reason to suppose
a grant invalid, the Government (or a proper officer of it)
may direct a suit to be instituted for its annulment"
I concur in these general views. In fact my
bill is drawn in exact conformity to them. It pro-
vides for a scire facias to issue against a suspected
claim, leaving all the unsuspected free fronKmolest-
ation. I eschew the whole idea of boards of
commissioners, and appeals to district courts, and
further appeals to the Supreme Court, with dis-
trict attorneys to appear against theclaimants, and
additional able counsel to assist them! I eschew
it all, and repeat what I said yesterday, that such
a proceeding is a violation of the law of nations,
a violation of the treaty with Mexico, a violation
of the proclamations of the military commanders
in California, a violation of the capitulation of
Couenga, and tantamount to a gqperal confiscation
of the landed property of the country. I take the
bill as it is proposed to be passed, and have noth-
ing to do with its authors or executors. The Sen-
ator who advocates it believes it will be mildly ex-
ecuted, so as to harass nobody-but those who
have bad titles. I cannot legislate on such a be-
lief. No one can tell in what manner, or in what
spirit, a law of unbounded application will be ex-
ecuted. No man can answer in such a case. It
is a wrong principle. Laws should depend upon
their own equity, and not upon the temper,
or passions, or calculations of commissioners,
judges, and prosecuting attorneys. The law should
be made right in itself, and nof left to them to
make it right in the execution, though wrong in
itself. Illegal, oppressive, and ruinous power
ought not to be put into the hands of judges and
attorneys under the supposition that they will use
it with modeifUion and justice. Such a power
must alarm a country. All California must be
alarmed at such a terrible inquisition over prop-
