1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
67
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
California Land Titlet—Mr. Gtoin.
Senate.
fbcnia; ■ violation of the capitulation entered into with the
commanders in California; a violation of die laws, usages,
and customs of the country in which they are; a violation,
Mr. President, of the decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States."
And he accordingly, the following day, present-
ed six objections to my bill, which I will now pro-
ceed to examine.
As to his first objection, I think it has no weight.
The movements of the board of commissioners
will be notorious in the country* The President
will discharge his duty, by requiring the commis-
sioners to gire as full and ample notice as to the
times and places where the commission will meet
■and be in session, as if the law made it impera-
tive that they should do so. It might be of the
freatest importance that the commissioners should
e permitted to hold their sessions where, from
some event that cannot be anticipated or provided
for by law, their services will be most required.
This additional duty imposed on the President
will not trouble him much, and may be of great
service to the country.
The Senator's second objection to my bill is,
that it limits the claims to go before the board to
those derived from the Spanish and Mexican Gov-
ernments; and he says: "This limitation may cut
off all those, or raise a question about them, which
are derived from the California local authorities."
How can it do the one or the other? The laws of
Mexico authorized the local authorities of Califor-
nia to grant lands. This is Mexican law, and
the California authorities are the mere officials to
execute it. I have to-day read the law of Mex-
ico granting this authority to the governors and
legislative assemblies; but are these any the less
Mexican laws because the California authorities
carry them into effect? The question is too plain
to require further argument. But the Senator says
my colleague's bill (to which mine was offered as
a substitute, and adopted by the Senate in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and is now before us for our
action) provided for an examination of claims
emanating from the California authorities.
If this had been all that my colleague's [Mr.
Fremont's] bill had provided for, it would have
been merely a work of supererogation, and harm-
less in its effects; but it went a great deal further
than this. It did not limit the action of the board
to claims of the California Government before the
conquest, but extended its action tm to the date of
the ratification of the treaty with Mexico. This
gave authority to the board to examine claims
which may have originated with the American of-
ficers in command in Mexico, who had no author-
ity to grant lands, thus mixing up powers that
could make grants legally with those that could
not. I am utterly opposed to the mingling of
these claims. Let them be examined separately
and upon their own merits.
The third objection is, that the 7th of July
should have been selected as the day beyond which
the commissioners could not go in the adjudication
of any Spanish or Mexican claim. This time was
selected because on that day the American flag was
hoisted at Monterey, ana Commodore Sloat, by
proclamation, took formal possession of the coun-
try in the name of the United States, and declared
that it was forever separated from the Mexican
Republic. The official documents point to that
day as the one from which to date our possession
of the country. The Senator says that the bill is
unfortunate, not only in fixing a day, but as
to " the fact of the day fixed." The principal
reason that he gives for this opinion is, that pre-
vious to this day some land grants bear date
charged to have been simulated, and that some
sales of the missions took place, against which
similar charges are made, and also that on the
7th of July there was some action on the Mac-
namara claim, in the convention that assembled at
Santa Barbara. As to these land grants and sales
of the missions, I have read from the official report
of Captain Halleck to show that charges have
been officially made against them; that they were
antedated; that the papers were drawn up long sub-
sequent to the day they bear date. It is my de-
sire that these claims should be brought before the
board of commissioners and finally settled, and not
be permitted to hang over thecountry to be brought
forward hereafter to disturb those who may be in
possession of these lands under titles derived from
the United States. If the charges against these
claims are false, let it be so proved; if true, let them
be rejected, and forever put to rest. As to the
great Macnamara clatm, if any effort ever is made
to resuscitate it, the sooner the better. I have no
fear of its ever doing any harm to the country
when the power is given to the august tribunal
below us (the Supreme Court) to sit in judgment
upon it.
The fourth objection is, that the district attorney
is required to attend the meetings of the court. I
think the precaution is perfectly proper, and this
portion of the bill needs no defence.
The fifth objection is, that the act of the 26th of
May, 1824, is to be taken into consideration by
the board and the courts. The Senator says, this
will be trying the claims by an ex post facto law.
He should have borne in mind that the principles
of the law of 1824 are to govern the board and
courts only so far as they are applicable. If the
act of 1824 was founded on the great ordinance of
1786, and California was specially excepted from
the operation of that ordinance, then the law of
1824 is not applicable to land claims in California,
and the board of commissioners and the courts
will so decide, if the facts are as stated By the Sen-
ator. But I think he is mistaken in his opinion
as to the operation of the law of 1824 upon Cali-
fornia land claims. As I have stated before, the
law of prescription will protect every claim that
emanated from the Spanish Government. Thus
the ordinance of 1786 will have no bearing in the
adjudication of claims before the board of commis-
sioners. The Mexican claims in California will
be adjudicated according to the Mexican coloniza-
tion laws, and not according to the ordinance of
1786, if any of its provisions should conflict with
these laws.
The sixth objection to my bill is, that " it goes
upon the idea that land titles in California are in-
choate and imperfect, and needed some further act
from the Mexican or Spanish Governments to
make them " legal or perfect titles." I think the
Senator has not examined the bill with his usual
care, or he would not have come to this conclusion.
The bill provides " that all persons claiming land
in California by virtue of any right or title derived
from the Spanish or Mexican Governments" shall
present them for examination. It is not presumed
that the claims are not legal. We know that
many of those titles are legal and perfect, nor is it
the intention of the bill to throw a doubt upon
their validity. The Senator has declared that the
: bill offered by me is " a violation of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States." Sir,
I stated, in the commencement of my remarks to-
day, that this bill is based upon the decisions of
| that tribunal. The Senator has not produced his
authorities to make his assertion good. But the
objection would prove fatal to the bill if it is well
i founded, and I consider it of sufficient importance
to go into an extended examination of the decisions
of the Supreme Court in order to show that I am
right, and that the Senator is wrong in the opinion
he has expressed.
I shall now bring those opinions to the notice of
the Senate, and connect them with a detailed state-
ment of the operation of the treaties with Prance,
Spain, and Mexico. My object is not only to es-
tablish the fact that this law is drawn in accordance
with the decisions of the Supreme Court, but that
its leading features are intended to guard and pro-
tect private property, according to the guarantees
i of the treaty with Mexico.
1st. By the treaty concluded on the 2d Febru-
ary, 1848, at the city of Guadalupe Hidalgo, be-
tween the United States and Mexico, as ratified
on the 30th May, 1848, the territory comprised
within the limits of the present State of California
was ceded to the United States.
" A treaty of cession is a deed of the ceded territory; the
sovereign is the grantor, the act is his, so far as it relates to
the cession; the treaty is his act and deed, and all courts
must so consider it, and deeds are construed in equity by
the rules of law." (United States r . Arredondo and others,
Bth Peters, page 738.)
' 2d. It is a principle of universal law, as laid
down by Vattel and other writers upon the laws
of nations, that when the sovereignty of a country
changes, "private property" remains unaffected
by such change. Hence, in Henderson vs. Poin-
dexter, lessee, 12th Wheaton, page 535,and in the
case of the United States vs. Arredondo and others,
6th Peters, page 712, it is held to be the "usage of
all the civilized nations of the world, when terri-
tory is ceded, to stipulate for the property of its
inhabitants;" and that "an article to secure this
object, so deservedly held sacred, in the view of
policy, as well as of justice and humanity, is al-
ways required and never refused."
3d. We accordingly find that in the treaty of
1803, ceding Louisiana to the United States, the
perfect inviolability and security of property is
expressly guarantied, the terms of the third article
of that treaty, written by the First Consul Napo-
leon himself, (according to Marbois,) containing
the most explicit declaration that the inhabitants
should be maintained and protected "in thefree en-
joyment of their liberty, property, and the religion
which theyprofess." Hence,in the caseofStrother
t . Lucas, 12th Peters, page 435, the Supreme
Court held that "by the said treaty of 1803 this
Government put itself in place of the former sover-
eigns, and became invested with all their rights,
subject to their concomitant obligations to the in-
habitants."
And in the treaty of 1819, by which Spain ceded
the Floridas to the United States, there is a posi-
tive provision for the security of private property.
And so, also, we find that in the treaty of 1848
with Mexico there is in the eighth article an express
stipulation that private property shall be respected;
and the terms of the ninth article of that treaty are
almost identical with those employed in the treaty
of 1803, ceding Louisiana to the United States.
Here, then, we have the treaty of 1848 with
Mexico, which is a deed of transfer to the United
States of the territory including California. From
this deed, is of course to be excepted all private
property embraced in grants lawfully executed to
individuals before the change of sovereignty. Thus
we have public and private property blended
together in one common mass; and it is the duty
of the Government to have them separated, so that
b&na fide private claims may be respected and sev-
ered from the public domain, and the latter may be
disposed of and fee titles to the same given to our
citizens without fear of conflict or interference.
What course has heretofore been prescribed by the
well-settled policy of Congress respecting the ter-
ritory we have acquired by the cession with Geor-
j gia in 1802, and by the Louisiana and Florida
I treaties ? The answer of the Supreme Court in
1832, in the case of the United States vs. Arredondo
I and others, 6th Peters, page 718,is to thefollowing
effect:
I " The whole legislation of Congress from 1803 to 1828, in
| relation to the three classes of cases, so far as respected
I Spanish titles, is of a uniform character in cases of a cor-
] responding description." "The rules vary according to
j the kind of titles set up. Distinctions have been made in all
] the laws between perfect and distinct grants, fully executed,
1 or inchoate, incomplete ones, where a right has been in its
i inception, under or by color of local law or authority, but
] required some act of the Government to be done to complete
it. Both classes have been submitted to the special tri-
i bunals appointed to settle, to report finally or specially upon
them, and the claimants have, under certain circumstances,
been permitted to assert their rights in court by various
laws, similar in their general character, but varying in
detail, to meet the cases provided for."
And again, in the case of the United States vs.
Wiggins, in 1840,14th Peters, page 350, the Court
held as follows:
"That the perfect titles, made by Spain before the 34th
January, 1818, within the ceded territory, are intrinsically
valid and exempt from the provisions of the 8th article, is
the established doctrine of this court, and that they need no
sanction from the legislative departments of this country."
But that " there were at the date of the treaty very many
claims whose validity depended upon the performance of
conditions in consideration of which the concessions had
i been made, and which must have been performed before
1 Spain was bound to perfect the titles, is a fact rendered
j prominently notorious by the legislation of Congressand the
litigation in the courts of this country for now nearly twenty
| years. To this class of cases the eighth article was in-
tended to apply; and the United States was bound, after
the cession of the country, to the pome extent that Spain
; had been bound before the ratification of the treaty to per-
I feet them by legislation and adjudication; and to this end
[ I the Government has provided that it may be sued by the
j claimants in its own courts, where the claims shall be ad-
! i judged and the equities of the claimants determined and set-
i: tied according to the law of nations, the stipulations of
treaty, and the proceedings under the same, and the laws
and ordinances of the Government from which the claims
are alleged to have been derived. These are the rules of
decision prescribed to the courts by Congress in the act of
1824, chapter 173, section 2, passed to settle the titles of
Missouri and Arkan^s, and made applicable to Florida by
the act of 1828, chapter 70, section 6. By the 6th section of
the act of 1824, the claimant who has a decree in his favor
is entitled to a patent from the United States, by which
means his equitable claims draws to it an estate in fee.
