1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Gwin.
Senate.
have them annulled. On my arrival in this city,
near a year ago, I applied to the Secretary of War
to annul these leases. I urged him to act promptly,
that the parties interested might not have time to
dispose of their interest in the same for a valuable
consideration to persons ignorant of the transac-
tion, who would nave an equitable claim upon the
Government for protection. My representations '
were unheeded; and I am now informed that many i
hundreds of persons have made improvements on ,
these reserves, and have expended vast sums of
money in making these improvements. They have j
a claim upon this Government to be protected;
for, by the action of the Government officers, not j
disavowed by the Government, they have been
permitted to invest their money in the improve- ,
ment of this property. I am in favor of the Gov- {
ernment of the United States relinquishing to the '
city of Sail Francisco all of its claims upon these
reserves, except such portion as may be required !
for Government purposes; provided the actual oc- |
cupants who have reclaimed lots on these reserves
are allowed to retain them, or that they should be j
guarantied from loss.
Section seven has been heretofore referred to.
Section eight provides, that on the trial of any
scire facias, the decision of the district court shall
be conclusive in favor of the claimant, and in all
decisions against the claimant an appeal may be
taken to the Supreme Court of the United States.
The exception in this section to cases in which
my colleague, [Mr. Fremont,] may be interested, I
am utterly opposed to. I can appreciate the mo- |
lives which caused its introduction into the bill;
but, as I believe my colleague is incapable of pre-
senting any claim to the land in California to
which he does not consider himself justly entitled,
I shall ever oppose any discrimination between any
claim he may have and that of other parties
claiming land in that State. I can never sanction
the principle that the decision of the district court
in favor of land claimants in California shall be
conclusive against the United States. I am in fa-
vor of the right of appeal being granted to the
United States as well as to the claimant. I have so
fully stated my reasons in favor of this principle
heretofore, that I do not consider it necessary to
go into the argument again.
The tenth section is as follows:
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the recorder of
land titles shall keep his office at the seat of government of
the State, but shall repair to the principal cities, towns, and
settlements, on due and public notice, to receive notiees and
evidences of claims.
This section is defective, because no obligation
is imposed upon the claimants to bring forward
and register their claims, it being left to their dis-
cretion when they shall present their claims for
record. Unless land claimants are required to pre-
sent their claims within a specified time, or forfeit
them, how can we anticipate a speedy settlement
of land claims in California? The duties imposed
upon the recorder of land titles in this bill will not,
if it becomes a law, be fully executed in twenty |
years. He is required to repair to the principal
cities, towns, and settlements, to receive notices
and evidences of claims. He has no power to re- ;
quire the parties to register their claims; it is left en-
tirely to their option. If they refuse or fail to do so,
they incur no forfeiture, and in no respect impair
their rights. Under these circumstances we can
expect no speedy settlement of these claims.
Having thus reviewed the details of the bill, I
shall present a few general observations in regard
to it. There is nothing in the bill providing for
the settlement of conflicting claims. Every evi-
dence of title is to be received and recorded, no I
matter how many other claims it may conflict with. ]
Each may be equally fair on its face, and there is j
no provision for the trial of each on its merits, j
Thus litigation is encouraged and perpetuated ;
against all principles of the common law and com-
mon justice. {
If this bill becomes a law, I do not believe there j
is power enough in this Government to carry it!
into execution in California. It will spread con- i
sternation throughout the State; it will be looked
upon as an edict to confirm all the great land
claims, about which there has existed and still
exists great excitement in that country. Except-
ing the unexplored regions of the northern portion
of the State, and some portions of the mines, it
will be considered that there is no public domain
in California. Mr. William Carey Jones is led
into error when he relies on the information com-
municated in his report that there is but one pri-
vate claim extending into the gold mines; another,
that of Mr. Larkin, I have already referred to;
others I know exist. Johnson's ranche, which is
owned by some of my best friends in that coun-
try, covers an important portion of the gold mines.
If the substitute offered to my bill by the Senator
from Missouri becomes a law, one of two things
i will occur in California. The inhabitants, four
( fifths if not nine tenths of whom own no land,
will make terms with the land claimants, and be-
l come interested with them, or resist the law. I
wish to force them to neither alternative. There
, are no valid land claims in California, except those
derived from Spain and Mexico. I wish them
examined and tried on their merits. If valid, that
1 they should be separated from the public domain,
, and known by every one as private property that
' must be respected and protected. Or, if invalid,
' that they shall be so declared by the highest ju-
dicial tribunal of the country, and forever barred.
I wish this done speedily, to put down litigation,
not to encourage it, and that these decisions shall be
final. I believe that the bill proposed by me will
accomplish this object; and if any measure can be
brought forward to quiet the land titles in that
country, and separate private property from pub-
■ lie domain, more effectually than is provided for
in this bill, I will give it my earnest and hearty
, support; I claim no credit for having introduced
it. As I said before, it is based upon the practice
of this Government, and adapted in its details to
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States. 1 believe its passage will be eminently
beneficial to my constituents, and that it will pro-
mote and secure the peace and permanent tran-
quillity of the State.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
Ik Senate, January 8 and 9, 1851.
On Land Titles in California, and in reply to Mr.
Gwin.
Mr. BENTON said: There are fundamental
errors in the substitute bill presented by the Senator
from California. In the first inception, in the very
first line, there is a fundamental error. It is that
of sending au. these claims to a board of commis-
sioners, who are not even a judicial tribunal, with-
out distinction of complete or incomplete. It sends
all claims before the board for trial, without ma-
king any distinction between the perfect and the
imperfect, the complete and the incomplete, the
full and the inchoate titles. In constituting every
board that has ever been constituted by the United
States heretofore, the law has made a distinction
between those which are full titles and those which
are imperfect; and the law went upon the assump-
tion which the Supreme Court declared afterwards
sanctioned, that a full title was perfect in itself,
and that Congress could not abolish it. The Su-
preme Court always kept up the distinction which
the original laws made between that which was
i complete and that which was inchoate or incep-
tive. And while the Supreme Court held truly
that the Congress of the United States neither
could> by direct words nor by any species of le-
| gislation or condition, destroy the title which was
i full and complete, at the same time declared that
we were bound to carry out those which were in-
| choate and imperfect. The United States came
i into the shoes of the government which had ceased
! to exist, and were bound to do whatever that gov-
ernment was bound to do, leaving the full titles
as they were, and perfecting the imperfect. That
has been the principle of every bill from 1804; and
so obviously riglft is the principle that it needs no
argument to support it. Now, the bill of the Sen-
ator from California sets out with a fundamental
disregard of the difference between the perfect and
the imperfect titles, and hands them all over, from
beginning to end, to the same process—the same
trial before a board, before a district court, and
before the Supreme Court—to the same forfeiture
—the same return into the mass of the public
lands, if the conditions are not complied with, and
decisions are not obtained in their favor.
Sir, I said yesterday that the substitute bill be-
fore the Senate, if carried into effect, would be a
violation of the law of nations, a violation of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, a violation of the
laws of Mexico under which the lands were set-
tled, a violation of the capitulation and the procla-
mations under which the people submitted to cease
fighting the Government of th^United States; and
I now add that if it is carried out it will be a plain,
downright, and outright violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I add that to it, and I
will make that good.
It sets out with three commissioners, who are
to be appointed by and with the consent of the
Senate, and that makes a board. Aboard of com-
missioners is not an authority known at common
law; it has no jury, and none of the rights of a
court, unless they are given to it by statute; and
there is nothing given to this board except what is
to work against the claimants, even those who
have perfect titles in their hands.
The second section provides that " all persona "
—I apprehend that would include everybody, old
and new settlers, inhabitants of towns or inhabit-
ants of the country, white men or domiciliated
Indians, inhabitants of pueblos or missions, as
well as those upon a rancho. It is " all persons."
They are required to do—what? "All persons
claiming lands in California by virtue of any right or
title"—those which are perfect as well as those
which are inceptive. So that he who holds by a
full title, a perfect title, which would never be ques-
tioned nor disturbed—which would never require
any further act to be done to or about it, except to
fix boundaries—is here required to be brought up,
and is subject to have his home returned into the
mass of the public property of the United States,
either in the event of a decision against him, or in
the event of his failing to do things which this bill
requires to be done. " All" are to come up before
the board; and when they get there, there is an-
other thing seen in this board, never before wit-
nessed. The boards of commissioners heretofore
established by Congress were supposed to act
impartially, and to examine thoroughly; and
whether the idea was carried out or not, yet it
was intended to be the case; and it was not to be
a case before these boards, in which either the skill
or the arts of an attorney were to be brought to
bear so as to jeopard a man's property. There is
not one single law establishing a board of commis-
sioners—not one—by which an attorney was to
be brought into the court for the purpose, either
by his skill or by his arts, of destroying the claim
of any person before the board. Not one! This
bill stands number one of that kind of proceeding
against property.
First, it brings forward every claim, perfect or
imperfect, and subjects it to a trial over again, and
with a chance of forfeiture, as I shall show; and
then it provides an attorney to come forward be-
fore that board of commissioners to attack these
claims. The word " attack" is not used, but we
know what an attorney is; we all know that; and
when he comes into court it is to gain right or
wrong by law: this will be an attack. Sir, there
is no previous law that has ever been passed by
Congress for establishing a board of commission-
ers that subjected claims, even those which are
imperfect, inchoate, and merely inceptive, to such
a proceeding; not one that ever subjected them to
all the arts of an attorney.
But here is an attorney to appear before the
commissioners and attena to the several claims,
" in behalf of the United Slates." Why, sir, he is
not put upon the footing of a prosecuting attor-
ney, who is bound to act fairly towards the per-
son who is prosecuted. He is to be one-sided, to
act for the United States, in their "behalf:" and
their " behalf" is to take away the land from the
claimant in order to grant it to others—for we
know we grant all our lands now, even a hundred
millions of acres at a time, to assignees.
Now, Mr. President, what is to be the opera-
, tion of this? All persons—Indians, as well as
white persons—are to come before this board of
* commissioners, thus constituted, with a lawyer
j appointed on the part of the United States; and
i the next line provides that there is to be a mar-
i. shal also to attend upon the board. All are to ap-
h pear there; every one who claims land, right or
!i wrong, or however long he may have been a set-
