1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOHE.
63
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
said before, this universal and mournful procession j
is to coiumeuce, and the consequences which must j
result to the country from the total neglect of all
cultivation, while the owners with sick hearts were ,
foing up to places, and at times yet unknown, to
efend the lands upon which they had lived for ;
one, two, or three generations.
I have to show that when they have got there
they will have to stay rather longer than tlie people
of Judea had to stay with Pontius Pilate at the
time they were taxed—about as long as they would
have had to stay if Pontius Pilate, backed by a
Roman lawyer, had commenced an inquisition
into the title by which every Jew held his land,
and, if decided against him, would give him the
privilege of going to Rome to Augustus Caesar, and
there prosecuting his claim before the imperial
power of Rome. I brought it down to that point;
and I now wish to show about what length of time,
if it can be ascertained, this entire landed popula-
tion of the country will be bound to remain at
these places, yet unknown, where they go to make
a struggle m defence of their homes and firesides.
By the substitute bill which the Senator {Mr.
Gwiv] brings in, there is to be that right of petition
which I mentioned yesterday, in any case in which
the commissioners decide against the claimant;
and that right of petition, it will be found by suc-
ceeding clauses which I shall presently produce, is
extremely limited; indeed, more limited than the
right of petitioning is under the Constitution of the
United States. The conditions upon which that
petition can be had, and the penalties to resultfrom
not filing it in time, will be found in the words of
the bill itself, under a proviso:
"Tbat notice of the intention to file such a petition shall
he entered on the journal of said commissioners within
twenty days after such decision."
I will come to the penalty after awhile. I here
give you the enactment—the rigid enactment—that
notices of the intention to file a petition fora hear-
ing in the district court, shall be entered on the
journals of the commissioner within twenty days
after the decision. Now, there may be several
thousand land claims in California—perhaps five
thousand. I know nothing about that; I merely
guess. But these commissioners are to pass upon
all of them—every one of them; and, when passed
upon, the decision against the claimant is to be
conclusive, unless within twenty days from the
time of the decision he shall have entered upon
the journal of the commissioners that he means to
file the petition for a hearing in the district court.
What is this to involveEvery claim! And
every claimant must remain on the ground while
the trials are all going on, in order to watch the
time when his own snail be acted upon, and when
the direful twenty days begin to count when he
has to lose his land forever, and take notice not of
one suit, but of all the suits. He must remain to
watch all, for he does not know how fast the
docket may run. He must watch the run of the
• docket, day in and day out. He must keep upon
die spot and look sharp, and see when a decision
goe  against him—when he must begin to count
uie fatal twenty days within which he id to lose
his hearth and fireside. Then, what is to be the
effect of this waiting ? Is the party to remain in
person, and wait and watch, and perhaps pray
also, and fast into the bargain ! or is he to employ
counsel to wait and watch for him ? The bill gives
no right of counsel to the party. But if it did
give him that right, it would be nothing more than
uie privilege of ruining himself in the expense of
fees. In an immense majority of cases the land
would be given up at once. We know that the
daily wages of a journeyman mechanic in Cali-
fornia are about eight or ten dollars; the daily
wages of a laborer about four or five dollars; the
daily wages of a lawyer I do not know, but I know
that their fees are enormous, such as we have no
conception of. So that, take it which way you
please, if the claimant is to wait in person and nire
a man to work for him at home, or employ a law-
yer to wait and watch, the expense to him is enor-
mous. The man can have but little heart to go
' home and sow and plant that which he does not
know who will reap and gather.
Here, then, the whole community is to wait and
watch for these twenty days, and that is only the
beginning. The section goes on to provide:
" That such petition shall be filed in the district court
within six months of the date of the decision of the tribu-
nal aforesaid."
That is requisite in order to bring the case into
, the district court. After entering notice in twenty
days of intent to petition, he must file the petition
1 in six months. The section then goes on to pro-
vide another limitation of time! Six months to
appear irnarmther court, or his land is again gone
forever! Here is the penalty:
" That all lands covered by claims which may be finally
rejected by said court, or not brought before the said court,
or prosecuted within the period of two years, shall be
treatod as a part of the public ^domain."
These are the conditions, and this the penalty:
" Shali. be treated as part of the public do-
main." And how is that treated? Sold out, or
given away! So that the " property" of the in-
habitants may be sold out or given away!
Mr. President, this section is in violation of the
Constitution of the United States. It is a flagrant
violation of that clause of the Constitution which
forbids any person being deprived of his property
except by due process of law. Article five of the
Amendments to the Constitution says " that no
person"—it does not say "citizen"—no person
" shall be compelled in criminal case to be a wit-
ness against himself, nor be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property, without due process of law."
Here, in this substitute billx without process of
law, but by a series of hard and vexatious condi-
tions imposed, we say that those who shall not
comply with these conditions shall forfeit their
lands, and that those lands shall be treated as pub-
lic property. It is no mitigation of this provision
that if it is unconstitutional, it will be so declared
by any judges. That is no mitigation of its enor-
mity; for the mischief to be done will be equally
I, accomplished whether or not the law will be sanc-
i tioned by the Supreme Court of the United States.
That court has said often enough, what every-
body knows, that Congress cannot legislate away
,( the property of any man; and if Congress by a
■ statute should legislate away property, it would be
, held to be an oversight op the part of Congress,
and the statute would be held to be void. While
i that would be the legal decision, what would be
the practical result in the mean time r Such an act
does as much hert in its enactment as if it were
practically carried into effect. The landholder is
alarmed; he is terrified; he is ready to become the
prey of any sharper or harpy that goes to him and
I tells him that all his lands will be forfeited, and
i that the only way to save them is to go into a
partnership and divide, or sell out for a trifle. He
does so." He must divide, or sell out for nothing.
That will be the rssult. We know that a man
alarmed about his title has in fact, in many in-
stances, lost his title already; for he becomes a prey
to those who are always ready to prey upon any
one who is alarmed. Here, then, is a provision
that the lands shall be remanded into the mass of
public property, and be treated as a part of the
public domain that is sold out or given away to
somebody else.
The bill, as I stated yesterday, calls up all these
perfect and imperfect titles to be examined before
commissioners. They are all to share the same
fate; and, under the clause I have read, perfect
titles are to be forfeited unless the party makes
them good before these commissioners, or, the de-
cision being against them, complies with what is
required within twenty days, and also within «rix
months, and be successful at the end of three suits.
This is unconstitutional and unjust. These claims
are "property," whether the title is perfect or im-
prefect, and as such is protected by the Supreme
Court, as well as by the law of nations; and as
such is not to be forfeited and destroyed, and not
to be put into the mass of public property, or be
treated as such.
I hold, then, that this is the mosf disastrous
clause of the whole bill—disastrous from the be-
ginning; disastrous and alarming to the whole
country; disastrous in calling up all the people of
the country to have their claims subject to one,
two, and three trials, and one of them three thou-
sand miles from their homes; disastrous through-
out, and here most so, because of these 'penalties
and forfeitures. This is the provision which sub-
jects them to lose their property if they do not keep
watch. If, through any accident, no matter what
—thrown bv a horse, or a limb broken—any acci-
j dent, no matter what—if he fails to go to the place
and enter his petition within twenty days, it is a
i forfeiture, it is a confiscation, it is an abolition of
his title! and as such I hold the provision of the
bill to be unconstitutional and unjust.
It is iji vain, it is contrary to human nature, it
is contrary to the principles of legislation, that we
shall say to ourselves that those to whom this bill
is intrusted will not execute it in the manner in
which we have passed it; that they will be just,
and kind, and gentle, and merciful, and will not
disturb the people, and will not set aside any title
unless it is bad. It is in vain to say this—to say
that this attorney will not harass the people; that
he will not exert all his skill, and exhaust all his
arts; that he will not take these appeals against
them, first to the district court, and then to the
Supreme Court of the United States; that he will
not take all the advantages which the law puts into
his hands. It is in vain to say this. We know
the nature of all tribunals and of all lawyers—it is
to work up to the full extent all the power whjch
the Legislature gives them, and often they may go
beyond it. No man can say that this lawyer and
' these commissioners will not deal harshly towards
' the landholders of the country. No one can say so.
| We cannot shelter ourselves, while passing a law
j j of universal and disastrous application, by saying
j i to ourselves that thoge who are to administer it
I! will be more considerate than we are, and will not
11 exercise the terrible powers with which we invest
them. We cannot say it: and if we do say it, it
is contrary to human nature, and to the nature of
lawyers and courts, to suppose that it will be so
But whether it is so or not, the ruin and mischief
to the country are exactly the same. It is wholly
immaterial whether this prosecuting attorney and
these commissioners shall or shall not execute thi9
terrible inquisition with judgment and mercy.
During the whole time the operation is going on,
danger is impending; during the whole time that
cases are before them, the country must be in a
state of alarm. Every man whose claim is before
them—and they are to be all who claim land—
will be sick at his heart, and incapable of attend-
ing to any business, and in despair will be ready
to sell out his claim to those who will undertake
j; to defend it.
The danger is in passing such a law. The dis-
. , aster is in givirjg such power to any one. The
evil is in putting it in the power of any body, of
any set of men, to go into the country and alarm
the people - about their property—keep them ir
j alarm for an indefinite length of time in regard to
' the ground on which their houses stand. There
is evil in alarming the country; for 1 cannot repeat
i too often that the brave men and the timid men
are all on an equality when it comes to alarming
! them about their property. It is a case in which
j courage avails nothing. Every one under such
; circumstances becomes timid, and, while the dan-
ger continues, is ready to compromise his rights,
sell them, or make great sacrifices to defend them,
in proportion to the terror which penetrates his
; soul.
The bill of the Senator from California is con-
trary to what prevails in other cases of appeals and
in other cases of writs of error, in the greater part of
which there has to be an assignment of errors, and
that assignment of errors to be examined by some
authority before the writ of error is allowed.
: Here there is to be no assignment of errors; there
is to be no statement of any wrong in the decision
, which the commissioners have made, or the court
> has made—nothing to warn the claimant; but
merely upon volition—upon the will of the attor-
i ney who may be employed—upon his will and
pleasure, without letting the party know what is
, the objection to their claim, the case is to be taken
first to the district court in California, and after
that three thousand ,miles across the continent to
the Supreme Court of the United States.
I think I have now produced enough io show
I the operation of the Senator's bill, and that if it
t goes into effect it will be equivalent to a general
confiscation of the landed titles of the country; it
will alarm the whole landed titles of the country:
it will alarm the whole country, and prevent tfie
people from cultivating next year; that it will in-
volve them in ruinous expenses, which, in the
majority of instances, will be greater than the val-
ue of the ground in controversy; that there is no ex-
