1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6&
31st Cong 2d Sess.
California Land Titles—Mr. Benton.
Price $1 50 fob this Session.
all the land laws under the Spanish Government
that strong inducement had to be held out to the
people to ^et them to accept of the land in Califor-
nia from the Spanish Crown; that they had to be
rewarded to accept the lands. To talk about
fraud!! during this state ofthings would be as con-
sistent as to talk of impeaching the country for
frauds in drinking water and breathing air. We
might as well say that the people of California
were guilty of frauds when they drank water and
breathed the air, as to say they were guilty of
frauds with regard to these land titles at the time
they accepted the lands. Land was as free as air
and water, and the only difference was that peo-
ple had to be induced by the Government to ac-
cept land, and drank water and breathed air with-
out Government inducement. Whom was the
fraud committed against? Was it against the
Crown of Spain ? That Government was begging
the people of California to accept the lrfhds, ana
rewarding them for it. Was it against the United
States? Frauds against the United States before
the United States were formed! Frauds against
the United States before our declaration of inde-
pendence ! Frauds against the United States when
the name of California was all that was known of
it!
Now, sir, that is all an idle alarm, and, as Mr.
Jones says in his report, it comes to a narrow
point of time in which there is any room for sus-
picion .of frauds. There is no room to believe that
up to the time that the Mexican and California
authorities began to suspect there might be war
between Great Britain and the United States, they
began to transfer the landed property to the Brit-
ish subjects and the protection of the country to
British arms. There was 110 reason to suspect it
tiH that time. When did they begin ? The very
first symptom of it is seen in the city of Mexico
in the Autumn of 1845, and it was at that time
that the famous Macnamara appeared in Mexico
and laid his plan before the Mexican Government,
and procured his letter from the Secretary Cuevas,
to the local authorities in California, recommend-
ing him and his mission to their favorable consid-
eration. This was in the Autumn of 1845, and
he went up to California in the Spring of 1846—
was carried up in a British ship-of-war. And
then the British squadron was seen in that ocean—
the largest ever seen there—watching Commodore
Sloat. The British Admiral Seymour watched
him when he was at Mazatlan. At one time
Commodore Sloat, being determined to decide
whether he was really watchad, went off to sea,
and the British commander went off after him,
and when Commodore Sloat came back the Brit-
ish admiral came back also. But when he got
news of the actions of Palo Alto and Resaca de la
Palma, Commodore Sloat, thinking the time had
come to carry out his instructions with regard to
California, set sail for that coast; but, knowing
he was watched, he determined to throw the Brit-
ish Admiral Seymour off his track, and he started
off as if he was going to the Sandwich Islands,
and when covered with the darkness of the night
he tacked and went to California. The British
admiral wait on to the Sandwich Islands, and
when he arrived there found he had been Yankeyed,
and he pushed for California. There was as close
conjunction of several as important events as ever
occurred in the space of one week—events of
which American history knows nothing; but there
were crowded together in the short space of ofie
week events which prevented the transfer of all
the landed property of California to British sub-
jects, as well as the political authority of Califor-
nia, and the destruction of American settlements.
All these events were crowded into one week; and
were only prevented from being consummated by
the enterprise and decision of one single man. All
this is true, and many of the people of the country
and of the officers of the Navy will show that it
is so.
The people of California went and told Mr.
Fremont what was going on; that a convention
was sitting at Santa Barbara to put the country
under the protection of the British Government,
and a British fleet was expected to take posses-
sion. The people informed Mr. Fremont that a
military expedition was organizing against them,
to burn up their crops and destroy their flocks, !
and excite the Indians against them, and that these j
New Series—No. 5.
three things were going on, and upon the point of
being executed, and would be executed unless he ]
would put himself at their head with his corps of
sixty men, and with them overturn the Mexican |
power in California. He did so; and he and tne
settlers took and kept possession of the country
north of San Francisco. And they did this with-
out one farthing of pay to this day. On the 5th
of July, at Sonoma, they run up the flag of inde-
pendence. They overturned the Mexican author-
ity, not knowing that the war with Mexico had
commenced. At this time Commodore Sloat ar-
rived, but he hesitated for several days before he
would put up the American flag at Monterey. He
did not know yet of the successful operations of
Fremont. When he heard of them, he run up
the American flag, and sent for Mr. Fremont to
come down and join him. The British admiral
arrived just after the flag was run up, and when
he came he was astonished to see the American
flag flying over Monterey, and to see Fremont
with his rifles over the hills of the town, and the
American squadron in the bay. I do not wish to
state further on that point; but when Commodore
Sloat found that Mr. Fremont had acted without
special instruction from his Government—though
he had general instructions to watch for the inter-
ests of his Government—he resigned his command
to Commodore Stockton, and came home. Then
Fremont and Stockton prosecuted the conquest of
the country, and achieved it in August, 1846.
Four important conjunctions occurred h ere within
a few days; the arrival of Commodore Sloat—his
hoisting the Amerjfan flag; the arrival of Fre-
mont with his rifle corps; the arrival of the British
Admiral Seymour; the arrival of Commodore
Stockton; and upon priority of these events de-
pended the question whether the government of
California would come under the British or Ameri-
can authority, and whether all their lands would
go into British hands. History knows nothing
about these events; but they are all preserved,
and the testimony shows that when Commodore
Sloat resigned and came home to the United States,
i Commodore Stockton and Mr. Fr&nont prose-
cuted the conquest of the country, took possession
■ of the archives of the government, and put an end
to the war.'That is what they did. And what
did they put an end to ?
This brings me to the point. It put an end to
j all the operations which were going on in trans-
ferring the lands of the country to British sub-
jects. Mr. Frfimont, as governor, had possession
of the archives,and he looked over them, and took
memorandums of all the land grants for 1846. He
took them, and brought them home for his own
Government. He took note of the books, and he
found that this Macnamara grant was for three
thousand leagues' square. He brought home the
original paper, and put it in the Department of
State.
That short period, then, between the return of
Mr. Fremont to California in March, 1846, and
the overturn of the government in July, 1846, is
the only period during which there is atiy reason
to suspect there was any fraud upon the Govern-
ment in relation to lands. There is reason to sus-
pect it then. But, as I said, Mr. Fremont brought
home a memorandum from the books which
showed the suspicious transfers at that time.
The Secretary of the Interior sent out a person
to make a report upon all parts of the land titles,
and especially upon these archives. He reports
that this book containing the titles given in 1846
could not be found. He found the archives for
many years, some of them imperfect, but this
could not be found. Now, the only period of
time during which there is any reason to suspect
fraudulent operations in land titles is between
March and July, 1846—a brief period of time in-
deed. It would be difficult for many fraudulent
operations to be carried out among that sparse
population, among whom were many Americans,
with their eyes open to watch what was going
on, and ready to inform. Mr. Jones says there
will be no difficulty in separating the fraudulent
from the valid grants, ana it is only those that
were made in that brief time to which any suspi-
cion attaches.
Are we to disturb the whole country, harass the
whole country, alarm the people, drive them to
desperation, overwhelm them with expensive law-
suits, and compel therii In desperation to give up
their lands, and flee to Mexico to get new grants?
Are we to do that, or shall we adopt the system
which I propose, and which give fair play to all?
This system of mine proceeds upon the idea of
the British chancery--'the chancellor to caricel ille-
gal grants. It is on that principle that we send
out a scire facias to have aft the Suspected claims
called in, that every one may receive a decision.
The bill provides that every claim shall be laid
down conjeeturally; and as soon as it is deemed
valid it shall be surveyed, aud after that it is fully
separated from the public lands of the country.
With regard to surveys, respecting which so
much has been said, there were none in Califor-
nia. The ordinance of Intendants of 1786 required
surveys. It appointed surveyors general for every
Intendancy, and he had his deputies in every
province. According to that law, the land i9 re-
quired to be surveyed before there call be a good
title. This belongs to the law of Intendants Gen-
eral. Sir, was there ever any such thing as that
in California? Never, never. Their system re-
quired no survey. The title passed by the decree
under which the lands were granted at the time
possession was given. There were no surveys in
California. There was a grant within certain
metes and bounds to a portion of land, and within
these metes and bounds the grant was to be lo-
cated—the overplus going to the Crown. But it
was not determined what was the exact locality of
the land which was granted within these metes
and bounds; that was left for after determination,
when the settlements became thick. There was
no surveyor in California, cither general or partic-
ular, and there is not a surveyed tract in Califor-
nia under the Spanish laws; not one—not one.
Now surveys are wanted, and my bill provides the
quickest way to get them.
What does my bill provide? That the recorder
of land titles shall lav down a plan, and as fast as
any tract is surveyed the grant shall be reduced to
the exact quantity which is required by the grant.
The Spanish laws required that the land should
be taken out of a particular district of country,
and the overphis was to belong to the Crown of
Spain. My bill is exactly in conformity with what
the Spanish Government has done with respect to
these lands. In the condition in which California
was at the time of its settlement, when there were
immense estates for all, there was no necessity for
reducing the grants to exact limits; the grantee
occupied anywnere within the general boundary.
I can well conceive that one person may go within
the same tract where another has a grant also; and
he may be warned off. There may be double or
quadruple the quantity granted within the general
limits, and of course there may be disputes as to
the precise locality of the grant of each one within
the general boundary. My bill will put an end to
all disputes—first, by conjectural surveys and a
map, and afterwards by precise surveys, as fast
as the titles are confirmed.
Mr. President, the people who have resided in
Upper California before we took possession of the
country may not be numerous, compared with the
number who have become residents there recently.
There are a hundred thousand new-comers there,
and perhaps there are not five thousand of the an-
cient inhabitants who claim lands. When I said
the other day that there are a hundred thousand
persons there who have no lands, I repeated the
words of the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwtw.]
He commented upon them yesterday as if they were
my words, and with an innuendo. Sir, they are
his own words, spoken here the first day he spoke
on the subject. He said there were a hundred
thousand persons in California without land, and
that there were hundreds of millions of dollars'
worth claimed by others; and in the bill which he
has brought forward he provides at once for dona-
tions to tnose new settlers. I did not pursue that
at all. All I said was, that if these lands were
worth hundreds of millions, or thousands of mil-
lions, we had no right to take them away, even if
they were in the hands of a few. But with re-
spect to the hundred thousand people without lands
I said nothing. I now say that of the whole num-
ber in California the number who own lands is
small; but of the hundred thousand who have no
land, there are not one thousand who would dis-
turb the owners in their titles. It is true there
