66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jnn. 7,
31st Cong 2d Sf.ss.
Removals from Office.—Mr. Etving.
Senate.
are in nil countries men who make it a profession
lo look up defects in titles—pick holes in titles—
and bring up lawsuits against them—dry-land
sltarks. Tlieie may be some of that character in
California. Site may have about the usual pet'
centum of such people, [ presume; but 1 did not
go even so far as to say that when I spoke the
other day. And I say now, that of the hundred
thousand now in California, ninety-nine thousand
would not wish to see the people deprived of their
property. Bv the operation of my bill I secure an
examination which will separate the bad titles from
the good. I do not consider it a question of num-
bers at all; but a question of equity and of right
—a question of just government on the part of the
United States towards these people who have
fallen into our hands. And the fewer there may
be of them, and the more helpless they maybe,
precisely for that reason, and because they are
few and helpless—because they have fallen under
a different Government, different in language, dif-
ferent in religion—because of these reasons and
these differences, we should be gentler and kinder
to them. This is my opinion; and it is especially
my opinion of the American Congress that they
will be kind to these people, and not take away their
lands when we have no right to them, and not
scare them out of their property; and that for the
purpose of passing them all off bv hundreds of
millions of acres to die assignees of old soldiers.
REJOINDER OF MR. GWIN.
Mr. GWIN said: When I alluded to the re-
marks of the Senator from Missouri, with regard
to the number of persons in California who were
without land, I did not say that the Senator from
Missouri intimated that these persons wished to de-
prive the land claimants of their lands, but that such
an inference might be drawn from it, and I met it in
advance with a flat contradiction. I say still, that
there are a hundred thousand persons in Califor-
nia who have no land; and I agree with the Sena-
tor, that of these hundred thousand there is not
one in a hundred who would wish to deprive
another person of a just title to the land which he
may hold.
In regard to the history which the Senator has
given of the conquest of California, he may be
correct; but that is a question which I do not wish
to discuss. It is a matter which I have not re-
ferred to, and I do not intend to go into that sub-
ject at all. I do not wish to detract from the merit
of any individual who was engaged in that contest.
It was an exceedingly meritorious and perilous
one; and I have referred to it for the purpose of
saying that I consider it to be the duty of Con-
gress to pay those individuals for their services
who were engaged in it; and I have given notice
of a bill that I will bring forward to pay for the
services rendered and money advanced by citizens
of California to this Government, which should
have been paid long ago.
Mr. President, I do not think it necessary to
go into a review of the objections made by the
Senator from Missouri to my bill. He has, to-
day, enlarged upon the objections which he had
before made; he has spoken at length against my
bill, and in favor of his own. I have replied to
him, and he has replied to me. He has now
brought forward some points to which I will
briefly allude, and then make a motion, which I
consider it my duty to do after the discussion that
has taken place on this subject.
With regard to the remark that it is something
new in the history of this Government to have
lawyers employed to attend to claims before boards
of commissioners in behalf of the United States, I
will say that I do not know whether the word
"lawyer" is usually applied, but I am sure that
persons have attended to the interests of the Uni-
ted States before these boards. In the act of 1805,
to adjudicate land claims in Louisiana, three agents
are provided for—one to attend each board of com-
moners, and object to any claim which they
oj v 'nva'id or fraudulent. In the act of the
3d March, 1837, to settle claims under the Choc-
taw treaty of 1830, the commissioners were au-
thorized to require the attendance of the district
orney, and he did attend during the whole term
and l,C°.umiSS10n-, Thfcy are called "agents,"
and not "W«b," in the act of 1805. >Yt the
1 same time they occupy the position of a district
attorney, in looking after the interests of the Uni-
ted States. I do not tlnnk it necessary to multi-
ply precedents, because 1 think the necessity of
having the aid of the district attorney before the
board is clear enough without precedents.
Now, the Senator supposed a case, which was,
that all the people of California having land claims
would be required to meet on the second Monday
in May, or on some other day; that they would
all be required to appear before the board to vin-
dicate their titles at one time and one place, and
he referred to the alarm it would create in the coun-
try. This is all imaginary—nothing real in it.
The bill provides that the board shall meet at such
times and places as the President may direct, and
the claimants are not all required to meet at one
time, nor at any one place. Persons at all ac-
quainted with California will readily understand
that there are ten places at least where the board
would be likely to hold their sessions—San Diego,
Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo,
Monterey, San Jose, Sacramento, Stockton, Sail
Francisco, and Sonoma. The people are, and
always have been, settled around these places, as it
was a part of the ancient system of settlement to
make the inhabitants live in villages. Very few
will be found living far from them. As they all
have their residences in the villages, it would be
easy to assemble the people; and it was distinctly
intimated in my bill that the board would meet at
the places I have indicated, though none of them
are named in the bill, because I think it best to
leave the power with the President to name the
places where the board shall meet. The Senator
lays more stress upon this part of the bill than the
circumstances justify. It is a great mistake to
suppose that the people will be either distressed,
oppressed, or frightened by this bill. The people
of that country are not so easily frightened as he
supposes.
And now let me say a word with regard to the
act confirming town lots in Missouri. It was
passed eight years after the country had been
ceded, during which time the subject had been no
doubt thoroughly examined. I am in favor of
confirming the bona fide titles to town lots, but I
want it done much more summarily*han the Sen-
ator proposes, and not be compelled to wait eight
years, as was the case in Missouri. Some of them
are very valuable, if they do not cover a large ex-
tentof ground. Whatwere formerly pueblos and
villages are now cities, and the most valuable prop-
erty on the face of the globe is contained in some
of these places.
I took the fifth section of the Senator's substi-
tute as it reads. I understood it to mean that all
the villages in the country were to receive this do-
nation. There is no distinction in the words of
the section nor in other sections of the bill refer-
ring to the subject of villages. The third section,
as well as the seventh, refers directly to towns,
cities, and villages that have sprung up under
American officers, as well as the Spanish and
Mexican authorities. The distinction the Senator
now draws was in his mind, and not in the words
of the bill.
A great many cities, towns, and villages have
been built up under the authority of alcaldes, that
have had their existence since the conquest of the
country. Hence the inference I drew was a na-
tural and legitimate one, considering the wording
of the section. And why should there be any
distinction ? I am in favor of making donations to
all the towns and villages, and put them on an
equality. I have a general bill on the subject
i*-i! j Pe pass. But I am modest in my
bill do not ask a principality for these towns,
and guard against speculators in town sites on
the public domain.
I did not in my comments on the Senator's bill
allude to actual occupants that were to he dispos-
sessed, I alluded to the fact that if there were
private claims, such as Sutter's, Weber's, or Val-
lejo s, covering unoccupied portions of land around
the towns and villages, were the lands covered by
these or similar claims to be donated if within the
four leagues square ? If so, it was a violation of pri-
vate rights, unless the Government indemnified the
owners of these lands; otherwise, the donations
would be worthless to the towns and villages.
*rom the discussion which ha# taken place
: here, the remarks of the Senator from Missouri,
and what I conceived it my duty to say in re-
ply, it is very evident that there is a great dif-
ference of opinion in regard to the manner in which
these claims should be settled. 1 have 110 preju-
dices, no preconceived opinions in regard to any
of these claims. 1 charge none of them with fraud.
They have been charged, but not by me. I do
not intend to do it. I wish some tribunal to in-
vestigate them. I know of my own knowledge
of no fraudulent claims, though I have heard of
i some, and some are named in the official docu-
1 nients before us. Therefore, in order that the
country may be satisfied, I shall move that the
whole subject—my colleague's bill, to which mine
has been offered as a substitute, my own, and the
Senator's bill—be referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I want the opinion of the legal committee
of the Senate in regard to the provisions of the bill
that I have offered, and I want the bill offered by
my colleague, and the one offered by the Senator
from Missouri, to undergo the same examination.
I am willing to abide by the decision of that com-
mittee. I believe it is necessary, in the difference
of opinion which exists in regard to the mode of
settling these claims, that we should have the
authority of that enlightened committee. I there-
•, fore move that the bill and amendments be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
SPEECH OF~MR. EWING,
j OF OHIO,
'I In Senate, January 7, 1851.
j In defence of removals from office by the late Ad-
i ministration, and in reply to Senator Bright,
and others.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the res-
olution in relation to removals from office—
Mr. EWING said: I expressed my entire will-
I ingness on Thursday last, after listening to the re-
marks of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
to join the issue tendered by gentlemen on the
other side. And as it is impossible to adduce all
the cases of removal, and to give all the reasons
in all the cases, I was willing to take the two
prominent cases selected by those gentlemen, and
I selected with very great care and caution, and to
II let them stand as the test cases. On my part, in
behalf of the late Administration, I was willing,
1 and am still willing, to admit that if those re-
movals, or if either, one of them was wrong, all
were wrong; and I expect a like candid admission
I on their side, that if those they have selected as
the test cases were right, all were right, and that
they will give up the contest if the position which
they have taken as to these their selected cases
j cannot be sustained. Gentlemen made their se-
lection after the lapse of much time, and evidently
upon much consultation. I infer the fact from
their obvious accord in thrusting General Lane
and Colonel Weller prominently forward as the
specially wronged and persecuted victims; from the
prompt and general rally at the instant to their de-
fence; from the harmonious agreement of many
voices in denouncing these especially as cases of
1 mere naked proscription; and, finally, from the
general concurrence of Senators in alleging, re-
way of aggravation, that the gentlemen thus by
moved were at the time on the Pacific coast. I do
j not know that this was the result of a caucus, but
there was a wondrous agreement in the assump-
i tion of fact and its presentation in argument,
j By mutual agreement, then, we will take these
cases, chosen by gentlemen on the other side.
We will take them with all their circumstances of
aggravation; and if I cannot prove that their re-
movals were right and proper—nay, a necessary
duty on the part of the late President—then I will
agree that he acted upon a wrong principle, and
: that his removals generally were wrong. If I
prove that these were right, then I claim from the
j other side the admission that his removals were
generally right.
These selections are well and judiciously and
; fairly made. They belong each to his own sep-
[ arate class of office-holders—Colonel Weller to
those who were wholly unfit for the office to which
he was appointed, incapable of discharging its
duties, and unfit to be trusted with the funds ne-
