68
31st Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Removals from Office—Mr. Eioing.
an. i,
Senate.
of a day; but I remembered in a very genera! !
manner lus neglect of duty as superintendent of
Indian affairs, and the complaints made against
hun in that capacity, and on the spur ut the mo-
ment J stated them as I remembered them; and 1
tind, on examination, that my memory has not
misled me. I said:
••As to Governor Lane, no report was made by iiim to
the Department lor a very low; lime after Ins appointment.
Great complaint* worn made again.-t lmn from the Ten i-
toryof Oregon, and irom the mo-t authentic and reliable
sources—those which the Execume ought to respect."
As a matter of fact and memory at the moment,
I said that this was the case—not that he was re-
moved on this ground; for, having nothing to do
with his removal, I could not answer for its cause,
any further than I have said. Knowing by whom
it was done, 1 knew it was rightfully done.
Now, with respect to the first of the objections
I stated against Governor Lane—namely, that he
neglected to report as superintendent of Indian
affairs—the Senator from Indiana, not now pres-
ent, [Mr. Bright,] offered as an apology or expla-
nation that General Lane was appointed by tele-
graphic dispatch, and that he immediately set out,
making a toilsome journey over an inhospitable
region, and did not reach Oregon until January or
February. Well, these are all truths; but his
first report does not bear date until October, and
General Lane knew perfectly well that it was ne-
cessary for the Department to receive his report
earlier than that, in order to be able to make their
report to Congress as to the condition of the Indian
tribes in Oregon, and to recommend to that body
what was necessary to be "done for the benefit of
the Indians and of our own people.
Mr. WHITCOMB. If the Senator will allow
me, I merely wish to state that Governor Lane j
arrived in Oregon on the 3d of March, if my in-
formation is correct.
Mr. EWING. Very well; I could not remem-
ber exactly. He arrived there on the 3d of March,
and lie made his report in October. Now, lie
knew perfectly well that the necessities of the De-
partment required that as much information of
the actual condition of affairs in Oregon as could
be got should be presented to the Department as
early as possible. Had this been an Administra-
tion which he was inclined to favor, docs any
man believe he would have withheld his report
till October, when it could not reach the Depart-
ment till it was too late to have it embraced in the
report made to Congress? Was he in this prompt
and diligent in the discharge of his official duties?
I can give an example of what can he done by
an officer who is on speaking terms with the Ad-
ministrcfcion whom he serves. The new superin-
tendent of Indian affairs (Mr. Dart) reached Ore- f
gen on the 26th of September, and on the 24th of j
October, twenty-eight days after his arrival, he
forwarded to the Department a report, and a very
satisfactory one as far as he could go, and he fol- i
lowed it up with other reports as fast as he had
been able to get information. This man is intent
on doing his duty.
Now, I felt it to be a great wrong on the part
of General Lane, and I felt that the Department
wanted a superintendent there who would attend
to his duty, and give the information which was
desired. The honorable Senator from Indiana
said that General Lane had not time to go all over
the Territory and find out all about the Indians;
that it was a great. Territory, and he could not do
it in such brief time as I seemed to require. True;
but he had time to give the information respecting
the Indians, so far as they came immediately in
contact with the whites, and under his own per-
sonal observations; so far, indeed, as to show
what was necessary to keep the two races, as far
as practicable, separate, and to enable them to get
on peaceably with each other. This he could
have done within two or three inontffs after reach-
ing Oregon, and he ought to have done it.
The Senator from Indiana says that the law did
not require him to make a report at any specified
time or times. True, the law does not say that
he should make a report within three months or
five months; and 1 suppose he stood upon the law,
and wai disposed to do no more than its strict let-
ter required of him. If so, and if he was right,
the office is useless. The law does not and cannot
point out the exact duties to be performed in time
and manner.
This general fact I mentioned, and I stated it j
the other day from memory, and I remembered,
too, that there had been complaints against Gen-
eral Lane by individuals from Oregon, who were
entitled to credit, which 1 designated as the most
reliable sources. I know that the Senator from
Indiana says, with respect to the alleged com-
plaints against General Lane, that he has searched
the Department, and can find nothing of the kind.
He goes into the curious exposition of the ima-
ginary contest between the Departments for power
and patronage, by way of showing that he had
found the proper place to make search for papers,
if there were any, and that he had found nothing.
Where he searched, in the State Department, he
could of course find nothing, and lie certainly
ought to have known it. It was a matter that be-
longed to the Indian Bureau of the Home Depart-
ment, and he had but to go there and find it.
Mr. WHITCOMB. That is the very place to
which I did go.
Mr. EWING. I referred to the Senator from
Indiana, not now in his seat, [Mr. Bright,] who
says that he searched in the Department of State
and found nothing. He was truly fortunate, for,
if he had found something, perhaps it might have
interfered with the beauty and perfection of his
speech; especially that part of it in which he gives
vent to his virtuous indignation for my unfounded
aspersions of the official characterof General Lane..
The Senator saw fit to say, he wished it under-
stood that the statements made by me with respect
to those complaints rested on the authority of my
assertion alone.
Well, suppose it did rest there, is not the state- j
ment of a Senator in his place sufficient authority !
for a fact within his knowedge ? It used to be so
when I was a member of this body some years
ago. The Senator from Indiana is better able
than I am to determine how it is now. But that
Senator cannot have his wish; the fact does not
rest on the statement of the Senator from Ohio,
but is also sustained by a document which I have
before me. The Senator demands, however, speci-
fications, and he has a right to them. He requires
me to designate what were these complaints, and
I will do it. The first charge was, that General
Lane did not exert himself as he might and ought
to have done to separate the Indians from the
white population, and to prevent them from camp-
ing in the towns, where they became from their
gross habits offensive to decency. Whether this
charge be true or false I know not, but it was
vouched by the Delegate from Oregon in two let-
ters, which I now have before me, subject to the 1
inspection of the Senator from Indiana whenever
he chooses to examine them. The first is as fol-
lows:
" Washington, February 6,1850.
" Sir : This morning I had a conversation with Mr.
Brown, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, relative to the In-
dians located in Linn city by Governor Lane, and concern-
ing which i had an interview with you last night. He, like
youself, heartily concurs in their removal from the limits of
the town. He said it would be proper that it should be stated
in the order to the governor that the removal was in no
way to affect any title said Indians might have to the lands.
To this I very willingly consented. Now, the town there
was laid off out of a part of two claims—the Linn city part
by Robert Moore, and the Multnoma city part by Hugh
nurns. I am aware that the Indians will not be removed
unless the order is peremptory and unequivocal. I have
to desire you, therefore, to cause an order to be issued to
Joseph Lane, governor of Oregon Territory, or to his suc-
cessor in said office, or whoever may he discharging the of-
ficial duties of governor and superintendent oflndian affairs
when said order shall reach the seat of government of said
Territory, to cause all Indians now camping or living within
th« towns of Linn city or Multnoma city, as laid off in lots
by Robert Moore and Hugh Burns, in Oregon Territory, at'
the FalN of the Willamette river, to be removed outside the
limits of said towns, and not to allow the same to return
within said limits for the purpose of camping and dwelling.
" I have been thus specific liecause I believe your order
should be so to the letter, to insure obedience. I should
have added, provided the order-and removal consequent
Ibereon shall in no way affect any title which said Indians
may have to the lands included within the limits of said
towns.
" Let liie assure you, sir, that sucli an order will be greet-
ed by the people of said towns or villages with gratitude,
and the modesty of our women not a little relieved by its
prompt execution.
" f would suggest that your order go as soon as possible;
and if you will cause me to be furnished with a duplicate,
that I may inform the people, in case the order should not
be obeyed, that the Department has desired otherwise, you
will oblige me.
" I have the honor to be, sir, with high consideration,
yours truly, SAM, R. THURSTON.
" Hon. Thomas Ewing, Secretary of the Interior."
The second letter I will not read. It refers to
and enforces the same charges.
Now, I wish it understood that I affirm nothing
and know nothing of the facts stated in these let-
ters, except that I know they came from theDele-
gate from Oregon, who is of cource entitled to
attention and respect m all things which he states
touching the interests of the people of that Terri-
tory. Whether he represents the case truly or
not", 1 cannot determine, and I assume no respon"
sibility concerning it.
The next charge is, that Gen. Lane not only did
not prevent the British Hudson's Bay Company
from keeping up trading establishments in the In-
dian territory of the United States in Oregon, but
that he encouraged, and patronized, and main-
tained them there, to the injury of the rights of
American citizens. One paper goes further, and
says that he purchased, or directed to be pur-
chased, from the Hudson's Bay Company, blank-
ets in considerable quantity, and then suffered that
company to distribute them as presents from them-
selves to the Indians. I cannot say that this is
true; but it is the charge, presented by the Dele-
gate from Oregon,certified to and sustained by the
chief justice ofOregon, both Democrats, and both
supposed to be responsible men. These charges
come, then, as I said, from authentic and reliable
sources.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. EWING. Yes, sir, I yield to an inquiry.
Mr. DODGE Were these charges, which the
Senator asserts were made, before the removal of
General Lane?
i Mr. EWING. They were not, and I did not
say they were—nothing of that kind. Being called
on suddenly the other day, touching the official
conduct of Gen. Lane, I threw out my impressions
at the moment as to what had been objected against
him, without stating the time when the charges
were made. These charges, however, were made
orally long before the papers which I have pro-
duced bear date; for I had frequent conversations
with the Delegate on the subject, and he pressed
the alleged grievances of his people strongly upon
me long before he presented them in writing. I
produce them now only to sustain my own state-
ment of fact, indirectly questioned by the Senator
from Indiana,"[Mr. Bright;] not to sustain the
removal of Gov. Lane, which, as I find on exam-
ination, rests on other and very different grounds.
It is but fair that I should say that the specifi-
cations in the last charge, namely, that the blank-
ets purchased of the Hudson's Bay Company
for the Indians were distributed by the servants
of that company as presents from them, upon in-
vestigation, proves to be unfounded. I have looked
at the evidence taken upon the spot, which dis-
proves it. But the general charge which I have re-
| ferred to above is sustained-—namely, that he auf-
I fered the Hudson's Bay Company to trade with
the Indians in Oregon; and it is further shown by
Governor Lane's own vouchers, that he bought
! from houses of that company, at some five or six
places in the Territory, sundry articles of mer-
chandise for the Indians. When the new super-
intendent reached Oregon in September, 1850, he
found the Hudson's Bay Company still trading
and claiming a right to trade there with the In-
dians, as they pretended, under treaty stipulations.
Now, it is clear that the treaty gives them no such
right; they are protected by it in their property,
but not permitted to become or continue to be In-
dian traders. They are allowed to navigate the
Columbia river and its branches from the 49th de-
gree of latitude to its mouth, and to pass its rapids
by the usual portages; but they are not authorized
to go beyond that, and no foreigner has a right to
enter the Indian territory to trade under any cir-
cumstances. No one, not even an American citi-
zen, has a right to do it without a license from the
superintendent of Indian affairs.
The charge against him of allowing the British
Hudson's Bay Company to trade in the Indian
territory is substantiated; and 1 think I have said
enough to satisfy the Senator from Indiana him-
self, when he shall read my remarks and the doc-
uments which 1 have quoted, that he could not
possibly be gratified in his very reasonable wish
that the public should understand that his charge
rested upon my statement alone. I submit whether
