1851.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Removals from Office—Mr. Etving.
Senate.
it is not sustained by quite as good vouchers as I
gave the Senate to understand I had for it.
I will now refer, Mr. President, to another
branch of the subject. The other day, when this
resolution was under discussion, my friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Makgum] >said he had an
Impression on his mind, derived*from the public
prints, that not only was there a publication made
by General Lane, which reflected upon General
Taylor's personal honor, but which went to the
extent of an impeachment of his veracity as a
man; and that, if so, Governor Lane ought to
have been removed. To these remarks the Sena-
tor from Indiana, not now in his place, [Mr.
Bright,] replied:
" I did not misunderstand the honorable Senator from
North Carolina. I did not say that he asserted that Gen-
era) Lane had made such publication, or that he uttered
such declaration; but, bypothctically, that if General Lane
had done so, he ought to have been removed. I concur
with him in that opinion unless he stated the truth."
Now, on full proof being made, first, that Gen-
eral Lane made a publication impeaching the ve-
racity of General Taylor, and, secondly, that
such publication was not true, the Senator from
Indiana, instead of condemning, joins with us in
sustaining the removal of General Lane, and will
agree that his removal was not " proscription" on
the part of General Taylor, but the performance
of a duty. Those two prepositions I will now
proceed to establish. T wijl, as briefly and as
nastily as possible, give the facts necessary to sus-
tain tliem; and, having done so, I shall leave
General Lane, and dismiss this branch of the case.
In the first place I am to inquire, did General
Lane make a publication which impeached the
varacity of General Taylor? I will read a few
extracts published during the electioneering conA
test of 1848, after General Lane was appointed to
office, and a few days before he set out for Ore-
gon, which will satisfy every man that he did not
only insinuate an impeachment of General Tay-
lor s veracity, but that he impeached it directly,
and in the grossest terms:
♦tost extract.
"To tki public.—It has become necessary that -1
shoud appear before the public and ask its candid attention
to a subject of vital importance to Indiana and to' the brave
troops which she sent into the field during the war with
Mexico. Interested partisans in this State (and I regfet
that it is so) appear resolved upon disgracing themselves
and the State of their nativity or adoption by the publication
of glaring falsehoods and statements, wholly unfounded in
fact, put forth in the attempt to secure a mere partisan tri-
umph. I allude to the slanders which, from time to time,
have been perpetrated by different persons, both in official
documents and otherwise, upon the setfond Indiana regi-
ment, relative to their conduct in the battle of Buena Vista."
second extract.
" General Taylor, is bis report of that battle, was mis-
taken as to the facts, and has made statements wholly at
variance with them, particularly with regard to the conduct
of that regiment. If he had hastened to repair the injury
thus inflicted as soon as he became apprised of it, the pres-
ent statement from myself would not have been necessary.
But, instead of correcting what he had stated, he persists f
in repeating it in the most offensive manner, and that, too,
in the face of Jacts too numerous and too well authenti-
cated to be dented or evaded."
third extract.
" There are two material facta known to every one npon
that field, fcnovn to General Taylor when he made h-is re~ ,
port, and which are embodied in my report, which facts
General Taylor does not even allude to, to wit: First, that |
the regiment immediately rallied, and next that they fought '
all day. Bead again those sentences in the above extracts
and contrast them. General Taylor says they could not ■
be rallied:3 and took no further part in the action, except a
handful of men who rallied under the gallant Colonel
Bowles. This statement is not true."
fourth extract.
" I will give his exact language. Extract from his letter
to G. G. Dunn, dated
"' Baton Roooe, March 24,1848.
"' My confidence in the second regiment, officers and ,
' men, -was still Maintained, afte? the occurrences of the
'83d; for I remembered that in all armies the best and
'most experienced troops liave, J times been most unac-
' eonntably subject and yielded tfl 'panic, by no means com- ;,
' promising their reputation for bravery.'
" Extract from his letter to Defrces, dated
"' Baton Rodoe, March 3, 1848.
'"In all armies the best and most experienced troops
' have been at times subject to panics under a murderous
' fire of an enemy, which are inexplicable. Such, it was ,
' most probable, may have been the case at the time in
' question.' !1
" This charge .of cowardice, thus repeated again and
again, I know to be talse, and so does every man who has ■
and without prejudice examined the case.
General Taylor further says that he had not lost his
canndeuee in that regiment, and intended to place them in
action the next day. I let this pass for what it is worth.
"General Taylor asserts that nothing has transpired
since he made his report, nor has any statement been made
to him in an official shape which affects its accuracy.
" The first of these assertions I have shown to be utterly
devoid of truth."
I suppose I might be excused from commenting
upon these extracts further than to say that they
convey very truly the temper and character of the
publication. It is from beginning to end a studied
and labored attack upon the veracity of General
Taylor. In every paragraph which I have quo-
ted there is at least an indirect accusation of false-
hood; in three of them the charge is direct. In the
first he charges General Tayler with slandering the
Indiana militia in an qfficial document; for that the
first paragraph refers to him is made clear by the
second; and General Lane understood well enough
that there could be no slander in an official paper
unless it were maliciously false. In thebeginnnig
of the second extract he softens down the phrase,
and says that General Taylor "was mistaken as
to the facts, and made a report wholly at variance
with them.;" but as if he repented of the use of a
mitigating phrase, and was eager to retract it, he
adds: "If he had hastened to repair the injury
' thus inflicted as soon as he became apprised of it, the
' present statement from myself would not have
' been necessary. But, instead qf correcting what
' he had stated, he persists in repeating it in the most
' offensive manner, and that, too, in the face of facts
' too numerous and too well authenticated to be denied,
' or et>aded.'y
The amount of this passage is, that General
Taylor made, by mistake, a report doing great in-
justice to the Indiana regiment; he was mistaken
as to the facts, and made a report wholly at variance
with them. His report was provedto.be erroneous
by the most indisputable evidence; but he not only
refused tg correct it, but persisted in repeating it in
the most^fensive manner, after he knew it was false;
that is to say, General Taylor repeated a falsehood,
after he knew it to be false, slandering the reputa-
tion of a body of brave men who fought with him
at the battle of Buena "Vista, and helped him to
achieve that crowning apt of his military fame.
That is the charge—a willful falsehood to blast the
military reputation of these men.
The third extract denies that General Taylor
was ever mistaken at all, but avers that he made
; the alleged/aZse report, knowing it to be false. He
■ says: "There are two material facts known to
1 every one upon the field, known to General Taylor
' when he made his report-, first, that the regiment im-
mediately rallied; and, next, that they fought all
day." General Taylor says, "they could not be.
rallied, and took no further part in the action, except
a handful of men who rallied under the gallant
Colonel Bowles." "This statement is not
true." .
This allegation in substance is, that General
Taylor, when he made his report, knew that the
second Indiana regiment rallied and fought all day;
that he states in his report that they could not be
rallied, and took no further port in the action. Re-
duced to its most brief and direct expression, the
charge here is, that General Taylor stated a falsehood
in his report, knowing it to be false in two important
particulars affecting the military reputation of the
second Indiana regiment.
. I n eed adduce no further proof that General Lane
not only insinuated, but that he made a direct
charge of malicious falsehood against General
Taylor. I am ashamed to sum up the substance
of this infamous and detestable publication. I
would not suffer it to pass my lips for a. moment
—though I state it only to confute the libel and to
confound the libeller—but that I know every one
who hears me will, upon the mere statement, in-
stantly pronounce the accusation false.
In the fourth extract, it will be observed that he
refers to, and in part copies, two letters from Gen-
eral Taylor, both to the same import, in which,
speaking of the second Indiana regiment, he says
that his confidence in them was still maintained;
and that "in all armies the best and most ex-
perienced troops have been at times subject to
panics under a murderous fire of an enemy, which
are inexplicable;'® and that such, it is most proba-
ble, may have been the case with the troops in
question.
In commenting upon the expression of contin-
ued confidence in these troops by General Taylor,
and his apology for what ne considered rather
their misfortune than fault, General Lane says:
" This accusation of cowardice, thus repeated again
and again, I know to be false."
This quotation of General Taylor's letters, and
the comment upon them, shows now little of truth
and fairness there is in General Lane's publica-
tion. "This charge of cowardice, thus rtpeated
again and again!" Why, there is no charge of
cowardice, much less a repetition of a charge of
cowardice, in the letters copied. What are we to
think of a man who will thus deliberately mis-
represent a paper that is before him while he
writes, and which he knows will be before his
readers while they are reading his comments? If
his physical be at all equal to his moral courage—
if he could face down an enemy with as much cool-
ness and resolution as he can face down the trufft,
he must be bold indeed. But he adds in this same
extract: " General Taylor asserts that nothing has
' transpired since he made his report, nor has
' any statement been made to him in an official
' shape, which affects its accuracy. The first of
' these assertions I have shown to be utterly devoid of
' truth.."
I comment no further on these charges; they
are full of naked, gross accusations of deliberate
and willful falsehood. I have now only to show
that General Lane, in making these accusations,
did not tell the truth; or, in other words, that his
charge against General Taylor was not true. Hav-
ing done so, it is admitted in advance that the re-
moval of General Lane was right;yiay more, in
the words of the Senator from Indiana, he ought
to have been removed.-
I will now proceed to the inquiry whether these
charges be true or false—though perhaps it may
be well here to say a few words in reply to the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] who says
it would, in any event, have been magnanimous
in General Taylor p have retained General Lane
in office—forgetting as President the injury done
to him as man. This is an afterthought. If Gen-
eral Taylor ought to have removed nim, as the
Senator admitted, if the statement of Geneal Lane
were proved false, then of course he ought not to
have retained him in office, and the desired act of
i magnanimity would have been a breach of official
duty. And it would have been a public wrong to
keep in office a false man, the author of an inso-
lent and atrocious libel, when there were true men
enough, of at least equal capacity, willing to ac-
cept the office. It wouM have been none the more
proper because the libel was directed againBt the
President himself. The officer who possesses the
pardoning power is no more entitled to pardon the
criminal who has forged his name than«one Who
[ has taken the name of an indifferent person. He
might call it magnanimity to do so, but it would
; be a breach of official duty and an abuse of power.
! The Senator was right when he said that if the
i publication of General Lane was false, he ought
to have been removed. I :hoid him to the admis-
sion, and will now proceed to prove it false.
In order to meet this question fairly, and in all
the aspects in which it presents itself, I call atten-
tion here to that part of General Lane's publica-
tion in which he professes to give an extract from
General Taylor's report of the battle of Buena
Vista, and of so much of his own report as relates
to the conduct Of the second Indiana regiment in
the same battle. ' It is as follows:
" Extract from General Taylor's report of the battle of'
Buena Vi*ta,dated Jlgua Nueva, March 6, 1847.
" The second Indiana and second- Illinois regiments
formed this part of our line, (the left,) the former covering
three pieces of light artillery, under the order of Captain
O'Brien, Brigadier General Lane being in the immediate
command. In order to bring his men within effective
range, General Laneordoredtbe artillery and second Indi-
ana regiment forward. The artillery advanced within mus-
ket range of a heavy body of Mexican infantry, and served
against it with great effect, but without being able to check
its advance. Vhe infantry ordered to its support having
fallen back in disorder, being exposed, as weH as the bat-
tery, not only to a severe Are of small arms from the front,
but also to a murderous cross-lire of grape and canister
from a Mexican battery on (the left, Captain O'Brien found
it impossible to maintain his position without support, but
was only able to withdraw two of his pieces, all the horses
and cannoniers of the third piece being killed or disabled.
The second Indiana regiment, which had fallen back as
stated, could not be rallied, and took no farther part in the
action, except a handful of men under its gallant Colonel
Bowles, who joined the Mississippi regiment and did good
service, and those fugitives who at a late period of the day
assisted in defendingthe train and depot at Buena Vista."
" My own offioial report of this part of the battle, and of
the conduct of the second regiment, is asfnllows:
