72
appendix to the congressional globe.
31st Cong 2d Sess. Removals from Office—Messrs. Cass, Bradbury, and Downs.
[Jan. 7,
Senate.
does not touch this question He is too wise, has
Uvea too long, find the past is too fresh in his j
memory. He rests satisfied with stoutly main- j
taining his point, from which there is no danger •
of his being driven, as it lies far out of the range ;
of my argument.
The answer to the resolutions, as amended by '
the Senator from Kentucky, carrying the inquiry |
back to 1895, will show those of us who do not
remember, who it was that planted the tree from
which you now reap such bitter fruit. In the can-
vass of 1834 there were four candidates for the
Presidency. Neither of them was elected by the
people, and Mr. Adams came in by a vote of the
House of Representatives. Much more than half
the people, and as I well believe, more than half
the officeholders in the United States, opposed his
election. When he became President, did he re-
move any one from office because he opposed him ?
Not a man! In the terrible contest of 1828, a
very large proportion of the officeholders, proba-
bly full half, opposed the reelection of Mr. Adams,
and supported the rival candidate; even for this,
as far as I can ascertain from the record?: of the
times, he did not remove a man ! In hit whole
jfbur years there were but four removals which j
involved the action of the Senate. j
Then, until the commencement of Gen. Jack-
son's administration, in 1829, there had been no
proscription; there were no wrongs to be righted,
no injuries to be avenged. The fierce passions of ■
men had not yet become enlisted in these contests, !
and justice did not require the interposition of the
avenger. But in J829 the full-blown mischief burst
suddenly upon us xn all its intensity. The Gov-1
eminent was likened to a city taken by storm, and
delivered over to pillage. Tl.v letestable doctrine,
" to the victorsbeloiig the spoils," was openly avowed,
and, as far as my knowledge extended, was fully
and effectively acted on. The policy and purpose of
the triumphant party was promulgated through
the country by words and signs. It was n general
sweep of ail the officers. In 1666 the Dutch Ad-
miral De Ruyter sailed with a broom at his mast-
head, and over his flag, to show that he intended
to sweep the British navy and commerce from
the ocean. So for years over our whole broad
land the broom appeared at the top of each hick- j
ory pole above the flag of the Union—a pregnant
sign, indicative of the feeling industriously excited
and sedulously cherished. The admonition of the
mad Timon to Alcibiades,
" Let not tliy sword skip one,-'
was universally and unconditionally regarded.
There was large destruction of the just hopes of
men and the dependence of families.
Before 1829 there were contests for office—there
was victory and there was defeat—but they
touched the higher objects of ambition only; the
love of distinction and power, not the living of,
the official drudge, the wages of whose labor was
the support of his family. But at that time the ap-
propriation of the spoils, term descriptive as it was
new and alarming, included everything. I remem-
ber well the opening of the fearful drama, and the
sad impressions which rested on my mind in wit-
nessing its then present, and looking to its future
consequences. I felt that it was the origin of stu- j
pendous evils to my country, and looked upon it i
as I would have looked upon a plague-spot on the
breast of a venerated parent. And it was a new
era in our history, when a malignant poison was
infused into the body politic which no physician
has yet been found potent to eradicate. The pois-
oned arrow is still there, and can be effectually
extracted by those onlywho infixed it. But from
that quarter there is at present but little hope. Do
I err m supposing that to give you power, or let
you seize power this day, the proscription of past
years would be at once renewed in all its intens-
ity? I may be mistaken, and hope I am. If these
resolutions were offered and speeches upon them
made in sincerity and truth; with a view to put
down a vicious-and false principle of action, and
not merely to avert public indignation from the
real authors of the mischief and point it against
others, a change is indeed going on where it may
produce the happiest effects. From 1829, year
after year argument was exhausted on this sub-
ject, but it was felt to be idle. We talked to the
whirlwind,.to l'le tornado. You were deaf as the
sea and blind as its rocks. vYau> your ears and
eyes are opened, and your tongues unloosed. The j
prospects of reform are therefore brightening. Our i!
Democratic brethren begin to see, and I trust that
time and close observation will show them more
distinctly, the practical working r>f their own :
favorite system; and practical lessons can alone
convince them of the monstrous abuse which they
have originated and continued. Mercury him-
self, though the god of eloquence, could not by
mere language have impressed the Gorgon with
a perception of her horrors, but she s.iw them
reflected by the shield of Perseus, and, like her
beholders, was turned to stone. And if General
Taylor did all he has been accused of doing
in the way of proscription—if he removed merely
for opinion's sake—he only held up the shield,
which, by a faint reflection, has shown to mod- j
em Democracy the coil of snakes in herown locks. :
But he did not. this. It was characteristic of/;
that excellent man—generous and kind as he was
brave—that he often forgot his own wrongs and
thoseof his friends, in sympathy for the afflictions
of his enemies and detractors. He did not, but I
do not say that he ought not to have meted to you
the same measure which you gave to others when
the power was yours. Now, we all know that for
twenty years, from 1829 to 1849, with the excep-
tion of a few short months, the Whigs, composing
one half the nation, equal certainly to the other
half in intelligence, in patriotism, in devotion to
our glorious Union, and in capacity to serve it,
were proscribed for opinion's sake, and denied to ;
that extent the political rights of American citizens.
No matter how great his capacity, how high his
favor, or how urgent his necessities, the disquali-
fication was absolute of every Whig, and even of
every Democrat who would not avow himself such
according to the newest platform. All right to
office, or hope of office, was denied to tl^pse who
would not swear—not exactly to the thirty-nine
articles—but to the resolutions of the last nomi-
{ nating convention, or to the last exposition of po-
litical opinion by the successful candidate. If the
Democracy had prevailed in the election of 1848,
the test of competency would have been tiie newest
exposition of the Nicholson letter. j
Amid all their mutations in other particulars, in
this one article of their political faith, the doctrine
of the "spoils," the Democracy never changed or
wavered so long as they held the power. They
were fixed in their opinions, firm in their purpose,
and stern in its execution; their march was always
onward—
'■ Like to the Ponfie sea,
Whose icy current and compulsive com sc.
Knows no retiring
without change in their object or faltering in its
pursuit.
But in 1849 the scene was changed. The pro-
scribed party, the glorious Whig party, who for
; twenty long years had borne, but never bowed, to
the insolence of power, triumphed, and the man
of their choice was in the presidential chair.
Now, in this state of things, if the case presented
by the mover of these resolutions had in fact
occurred; if all the Democrats in office had been
removed, and Whigs appointed in their stead,
what right would you have to complain ? It were
but "even-handed justice," which "commends
the ingredients of the poisoned chalice to your
own lips." And the wailing and accusations of
the party, now they have lost some of the spoils,
appears to me as mean-spirited as it is false.
When in the full possession of power they were
" T,ion-mettled, bold, and took no earc
Who chafed."
This change of bearing under a reverse of for-
tune indicates a want of consistency in qualities,
a feebleness of temper seldom found among men
whose trade is spoliation, or among the predatory
part of the animal world. The stern to inflict are
generally firm to endure. If the offices are spoils,
as Democratic language and usage have pronounced
them, and we spoil the spoilers, they should meet
their reverse like men, and not ask us and ask the
nation to weep with them because the spoils
which they seized are rent from them in their 1
turn.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] "wears ,
his rue with a difference." His distress arises ;
from the alleged fact that General Taylor gave
pledges and has violated them. Pledges to whom ?,.
To those men whose merits we have been discuss-
ing, or to them and their fellow laborers in the
work of defamation ? To the twenty or thirty
thousand office-holders organizedasan electioneer-
in<* corps, of whom, sad to tell, three or four
thousand most active, most capable, and most vo-
ciferous gentlemen were removed the very first
year of General Taylor's administration—cut off
in the midst of their patriotic labors, while earn-
estly engaged in the diffusion of this species of
useful knowledge! If it were true that General
Taylor made such pledges to them, was there any
corresponding equivalent on their part, making a
pact which was binding either in morals or in law ?
Would they or could they have defamed him
more, uttered more or baser falsehoods against
him, if they had been told expressly that every
man of them was to be turned out on the day that
General Taylor should take his oath of office at
the Capitol? But the case pretended does not
exist. He turned no man out of office who was
protected by the terms of any pledge which he
ever made. The complaint is therefore as un-
founded as it is pitiful.
But the party who have brought this great evil
on the country, and who now feel and seem to
deplore it, can apply the remedy, if they ever re-
gain power, as they probably will at some future
day, which I trust m God will be far distant!
When in the tide of time that day shall come, if
it ever do come, say at the end of another cycle of
twenty years, when the Whigs shall have mdem-
1 nified themselves fully by the enjoyment of official
j honor and official emolument in their turn for
i twenty years; and when you shall have drunk to
! its dregs the bitter cup which you so long held to
their lips; then, when
The whorl is come full circle/'
and you aie again in power, remember to retain
the abhorrence which you now feel for '' proscrip-
| tion;" forget your ancient Jove of place and power;
' forego, once for all, the spoils of victory, and join
with the Senator from North Carolina; and in that
state of things the whole Whig party will join with
him and you, and form one great Union party—a
party which will abhor detraction, which will de-
test the libeller and slanderer, and the members of
which shall spurn offices, or hold them only be-
cause the people have need of their services—a
party which shall consider men as nothing, the
Union everything. When the Democracy shall
bring into power a temper and a purpose such as
this, then, and not till then, will the evil which they
have brought upon the nation be removed.
REJOINDERS BY MR. CASS, MR. BRAD-
BURY, AND MR. DOWNS.
When Mr. Ewing concluded,
Mr. BRADBURY obtained the floor, but gave
way to
Mr. CASS, who said: Will the Senator front
Maine permit me to say a few words in reply to
some remarks of the Senator from Ohio more par-
ticularly directed to myself?
Mr. Bradbury yielded the floor.
Mr. CASS. I design to trouble the Senate but
for a few minutes, and merely because the Senator
from Ohio has assigned to me a much more im-
portant part in this discussion than belongs to me.
The Senator has conducted this defence under a
good deal of excitement. I do not mention this by
way of reproach 
Mr. EWING. I beg the Senator's pardon. I
was not the least excited in the world. I never was
calmer in my life.
Mr. CASS. The honorable gentleman, it ap-
peared to me, was a good deal excited during the
whole of his remarks, though he began to grow
more cool as he approached the termination. I
repeat, sir, I do not mention this by way of re-
proach. The feeling was very natural under the
circumstances of the Senator's position, and I do
not blame it. But what I do find fault with is,
that the excitement should have led him to point
me out as one of the prominent members in con-
ducting this inquiry. However just I consider it,
I have taken no part in it. There are peculiar
reasons of propriety, which I am sure every Sen-
ator will appreciate, that prevented the slightest
interference on my part. From the beginning to
