76
, i.. _ — - -
31st Cong 2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-Mr. Walker.
Cession o f the Public Lands-
[Jan. 14,
Senate.
cession of the public lands.
SPEECH OF MR. WALKER,
of wisconsin,
Ik Swate, January 14 and 15, 1851,
On tlit bill to cede the Public Lands to the States
in which they lie, on Gondition that such States
shall severally convey the same to actual occu-
pants only, in limited quantities, for cost of sur-
vey, transfer, and title muniments merely.
Mr. WALKER said: Mr. President, it will not '
be denied by any one that the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Felch] has entertained us with an able
argument on his side of the subject under consid-
eration. But his side—as I expected it would be—
is the financial or money side only; and he has
shown us but one side of that, but has done this
with much ability. My side of the question is
that which lies deep in the principles of political
economy and the rights of the citizen; not, how-
ever, disregarding financial or pecuniary consider-
ations, but holding these but secondary to the
other. In presenting these, I shall present the
view neglected by the Senator. He shall also hear
an answer to everything he has said, in the re-
marks I propose to submit; but as to any special
answer or reply, it will be but incidental in passing.
My main object at this time is to advocate the
rights of labor as connected with the measure un-
der discussion. I must, therefore, crave the Sen-
ator's pardon and forbearance when 1 take leave
of his speech, able as it is of its kind, with the
observation that it wets such conservatism as his
which so long perpetuated the practice of impris-
onment for debt, and still perpetuates in too many
localities the right of the creditor to tear the
bed from the feeble mother, and the cradle from i
the still more feeble and defenceless infant. It is I
the rust upon the shield of a by-gone age; it must
give place to the motto upon the shield of the
present—" Onward ! onward !"
The doctrine and theory of all civilized govern-,
ments have been, that the absolute or positive rights
of the people should be deemed of first and para-
I MONOPOLY AND AGGREGATION. But why this 1111-
i plied censure upon England and Europe, when,
1 turning our eyes to our own country, we find so
little less to complain of? Here, as 111 Britain,arc
thousands, and will be millions, in want and des-
titute misery. Here, as there, the mere incidental
wants and desires of wealth, luxury, class, com-
merce, and manufacture are fast engrossing the
fostering care and protection of Government, to
the entire exclusion and disregard of the resistless
wants of human nature. In pursuit of this policy
' you have already created a naval establishment,
the expense of which for this year is estimated at
nine and a hai.f millions of dollars! Your
customs establishment has cost a hundred millions
more; and the administration of your customs
costs, in addition, two millions annually' Your
army list and war establishment cost ten and a hal f
millions more, and increasing as time and years roll
on! How much you have expended anu will ex-
pend for the protection of commerce 011 the Atlan-
tic and Pacific coasts, for harbors, fortifications,
sea-walls, breakwaters, buoys, beacons, light-
houses, dry-docks, and coast surveys, God only
knows! But when you come to western lakes and
rivers—to the region of agriculture and labor—
where the producer is interested in facilities for
shipping his products, and in receiving with facil-
ity, safety, and cheapness, imported articles and
home manufactures- for consumption, there you
would have it unconstitutional to expend a dollar
for the protection of commerce. You have estab-
lished institutions for the education of your mili-
i tary and naval officers at Government expense;
, while you have but grudgingly doled out the " six-
i teenth section" for the education of laboring mul-
! titudes. Millions upon millions of the public do-
main have been expended—chiefly for the benefit
of capital and corporations—in the construction of
railroads and canals; but not one acre has ever
been appropriated to promote the direct interests
of agriculture or the mechanic arts.
Your class legislation and favoritism are of the
same tendency and character here as in England
and Europe, but far less excusable; for here you
mount importance, and the first to be defended and profiss the doctrine of equality. You appropriate
protected. The difficulty has always been, how-
ever, that this principle was known in doctrine
and theory only, but never carried out in practice.
Not, sir, will it ever be so carried out until rulers
and statesmen discover and acknowledge another
truth: that from these absolute or positive rights—
by which I mean life and personal freedom—there
result also certain absolute or positive wants and ne-
cessities—alike in all men, whether affluent or des-
titute, and which cannot be resisted—such as of
food, clothing, and shelter. These wants and neces-
sities should receive the first care and attention of
Government; while such desires merely as are of
a relative or incidental kind—by which I mean
such as concern and pertain to trade, commerce,
$20,000 to one army or naval officer for his inven-
tion of an apparatus with which to elevate and
point your cannon, and hundreds of thousands
more to enable another to " experiment" with his
invention of a submerged wheel for your war
steamers. But, on the other hand, two poor, but
ingenious mechanics—Wright & Blanc,hard—have
been literally robbed and plundered of the two
most useful and beautiful inventions of the day.
You appropriate $20,000 to one professor to "en-
able" him to " experiment" witli and perfect his
invention of the electro-magnetic telegraph, and
$20,000 more to another—and a Government offi-
cer, also—for experiment with his electro-magnetic
engine. But when the destitute mechanic and in -
wealth, and luxury—shouldreceivebutasecondary ventor makes his appearance—having expended
consideration. The first cannot be neglected and
man enjoy his positive rights; but the second may,
and his pleasures only suffer. But every political
historian and economist knows that the case has
been directly reversed in practice—that man's ab-
solute wants and necessitie have been compara-
his last farthing, and the toil of years, to perfect
his invention—he is referred to the Patent Office for
the only favors and privileges to be obtained.
There, after having paid the fee of thirty dollars,
which, perhaps, he has borrowed, and one-third
of which he must now forfeit, he is informed that
lively neglected, while the relative,incidental wants his specification and claim are informal; that his
and desires of great classes have been met and
provided for by the best energies of Government.
Hence we find under the British crown—particu-
larly in Great Britain and Ireland—that while
thousands upon thousands have starved, or gone
without necessary food, clothes, shelter, and edu-
cation—wealth and luxury, trade, commerce, and
manufacture, have been promoted, protected, and
fostered by all the machinery of summary evic-
tion and clearance; distress for rent; primogeni-
ture and strict-entail; game laws; church rates and
tithes; uncontrollable banks, with more uncon-
trollable national debts; the most expensive, navy
of the world, with burdensome taxation and oner-
ous duties—and these, too, upon the very bread
of life until recently.
The same crushed condition of the people, so
far as regards their positive necessities, will he
found under all the Governments of Europe; and,
contemn the idea as you will, the fact exists—that
the great cause of this is, the disregard shown to
these necessities of Ihe people, in class-legislation, and
tne inrournrnnent given. bu Government to 1. \vi>
drawings and model are insufficient; that he must
employ a "patent-agent" to perfect his papers and
1 drawings, and a model-maker to construct a new
| model. He has 110 more money for these jmr-
' poses, but he has good sense. He inquires what
1 has been done with the immense fund which must
| have accumulated from the sums paid into the
' office by inventors. Is, no part of it appropriated
to employ persons to draught papers and drawing
1 for those who cannot do it themrrlves? He is
I answered no; and is informed that up to 1st Jan-
uary, 1849, a surplus fund had accumulated to the
amount of $216,468, a Ginall purt of whi'-h would
have answered the purposes mentioned, but that
Congress had higher uses for that fund, and appro-
priated $8,000 of it to pay " fo; collecting agricul-
tural statistics"—not to advance the interests of agri-
culture, but simply to collect statistics of what
agriculture had reached by its own unaided and
but simply to analyze what they did eat—to fur-
nish employment and support for another profess-
or, while he ascertained for the common herd of
men and beasts the quantity of gelatin, albumen,
and fibrin in a beef's shank or a pig's foot; ofglu-
tin and starch in a watery potato; and of prusaic
acid in a red cabbage. He is further informed that
the whole remainder of the fund, to the amount of
$207)468, was appropriated, with $32,532 in addi-
tion, to build marble wings to the Patent Office;
not, however, for the use of the Patent Office, orof
the mechanic and inventor—for the present build-
ing were ample for that purpose, if it were devoted
to it—but for the use of the " Interior Depart-
ment," and of a " National Institute" or museum,
in which to deposit the bugs and lizzards, snakes,
alligators, and ourang-outangs, brought home by
your various exploring expedition"-, 1
The patent claimant suggests, perhaps, that tins
is all wrong; that if 110 part of the fund can be ap-
plied to lighten some of the burdens of his class,
at least the fees and deposits required should be
reduced, and 110 further surplus be allowed to ac-
cumulate, but remain in the pockets of the. invent-
or. The Commissioner, however, assures him this
can never be done, and refers him to the last Pat-
ent Report, where it is actually recommended that
the fees, deposits, and forfeitures be increased—
some of them one hundred per cent.
After having every impediment thrown in his
way, and receiving neither look nor deed of en-
couragement, the man turns away with unavailing
serrow and disappointment—the anticipations and
hopes of years, perhaps of life, blasted by the
blow. He casts a furtive glance at the Capitol-—
it is, indeed, but furtive He sees no hope of fa-
vor there; lie is neither an official professor, nor
a naval or army officer. He mentally muses with
himself, and wonders what crime he or his class can
have committed, that there should be such a dis-
tinction made. He thinks of the plough, the
steam-engine, the cotton-gin, power-loom, and lo-
comotive; he looks round upon your public edi-
fices, and dwellings of ease and comfort; upon your
ships of war and commerce; upon the very stones
of the pavement at his feet, and remembers that
all were produced, constructed, or placed by minds
and hands like his. He therefore feels more keenly
the injustice of your partiality—tastes moreJBk
terly his own subject-inferiority. VP
Sir, 1 refer to these instances and cases only to
illustrate your unjust and impolitic discrimina-
tions in favor of wealth, class, or station. I could
proceed for the day to enumerate instances and
classes of cases to prove that the wants of the ne-
cessitous working classes are either totally ne-
glected or insultingly slurred, at the same time
that the merest incidental desires of wealth and
station are cared for and gratified with the most
scrupulous politeness and promptness.
Sir, would you learn and practice the remedy.'
Would you produce content and happiness, and
render firm and secure the institutions of your
country? You must reverse your policy and
practice—turn your attention first to the wants
and necessities of the people as man, irrespective
of his relations to wealth or station. Meet and
provide for these wants, "and all things else will
be added." I do not mean by this that you should
provide by direct contribution; far from it. The
intelligent workingmen of the country desire 110
such thing; they would scorn the proposition.
Besides, they know full well, and by experience,
that most of what you have to contribute—as in
the case of the patent fund—was first drawn from
their labor and pockcts. But what they do desire
—what they demand is, that you cease your class
and job legislation; that you pass laws to operate
equally upon all, and execute them with impar-
tiality; that they may not be starved, but may have
a fair chance in the nice of enterprise. But above
all, and as a means tn this end, they demand that
you shall no longer usurp the useful domain of
the soil, and exclude them from a rightful occu-
pancy of earth—leaving them but chanty or suf-
ferance tenants to those upon whom you now
lavish your uuneeded bounty; but that you sur-
render it to their free occupancy, as a means to
unencouraged energies: one thousand dollars more tliem of life and independence—securing, at least
for " a chemical analysis of the various substance," •'">
used as food by man and beast"—not to furnish
them food or facilities- fin- obtMininsr it—oli.no—
the indiapensables of food, raiment, and shelter,
through the exercise of their own energies and in-
dustry. They demand your negative action only
