1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7?
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
—that you shall not <rftrmatiue% or positively op-
press them. To this they are entitled—this they
tiiU have. In their name I now tell you that you
must and shall reform the .Government to this ex-
tent; the reasons shall appear more manifest before ';
I close. Grant this reform, and they will never
ask you for contributions.
But you may say the scheme as proposed—
embracing free land, homestead exemption, and |
land limitation—is impracticable. Sir, this is but i
the tyrant's answer to the call for reform in every I
age. Impracticable? Why,sir, it is not new; it |
was practiced centuries ago. Its reverse—land
monopoly—was only introduced with kings and
monarchs; and its abandonment was the main
cause of the fall of more than one ancient repub- 1
lie. The wonder of the wisest men has been that
it should not have been practiced through all
ages since! I will present the views of one of
those—than whose, the mind of no man ever ,
ranged more widely through Nature—I mean the
great and good St. Pierre. I read from his
"Studies of Nature," No. 7. In speaking of
the evils and wretchedness occasioned by large
landed accumulations in France, he says:
" I have been astonished that there is no law in France
to prevent the unbounded accumulation of landed property.
The Romans bad censors, who limited the extent of a
man's possessions to seven acres, as being sufficient for the
subsistence of one family." "As Rome increased in lux-
ury, it was extended to five hundred; but even this law
was soon infringed, and fie infraction hurried forward the
ruin of the RepubHcf'
He might have said the same of Athens and .
Sparta.
" Conquerors have always met with feeble resistance in
countries where property is unequally divided. Overgrown <
estates destroy the spirit of patriotism in those alike who j ,
have everything and those who have nothing. * The shoeks j
of corn,' said Xenoplion. ' inspire those who raite then :!
with courage to defend them. The sight of them in the '!
field is as a prize exhibited in the middle of the stage to ,!
crown the conqueror '"
" Such is the danger to which excessive accumulation
of property exposes a State outwardly; bat the internal !
mischief it produces among the citizens, and on the state '
of lands, is not less to be deplored. It is not upon the face
of vast dominions, but in the bosom of industry, that the
Fatoxr of mankind pouts out the precious traits of the
earth."
" Enormous property causes poverty all over the king-
dom. * * * In many places there is no employment
ior the peasantry daring a gtfeat part of the year; but I shall
usa only on their wretchedness-, which seemu to increase
the riches of the district they inhabit."
^"The district of Caux is the most fertile country in the
world. Agriculture on the great scale is there carried to
the height of perfection; but * - * you find unbounded
affluence on the one hand and extreme indigence on the
Other."
I shall not now go further into the general prin-
ciples of this measure, but shall content myself
with discussing, more in detail than formerly, its
practical bearings and the necessity of its adop-
tion for the safety of the country and the people.
It will be found far more practicable to adopt and
enforce it than to perpetuate the Republic a cen-
tury longer without it.
Its practical bearingsaremost imj>ortant in their
effeetsupon the old States which contain no pub-
lic land, and should be considered first, in view of
the objection thai the measure proposes to take what
belongs to the whole and give it to a part. This ob-
jection involves a consideration of two questions:
first, that of constitutional power; second, that of
justice and expediency.
The first question is easily disposed of; for, by
the Constitution itself, Congress has the express
power " to dispose of, and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting, the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." It is,
after all, but a question of discretion in Congress,
to be determined by the answer to the second
question—that of justice and expediency. This,
again, must turn upon a just conception of the
compensating equivalents of the measure, con-
sidered in its broadest view. Now, if it can be
shown that there are equivalents in the measure,
Jully or more than compensating the old States for
the loss they would sustain by it; then the ques-
tion is settled in the affirmative—that the measure
is both just and expedient, so far as those States
are concerned. I shall now endeavor to show
this; and, to do so, shall show it to be their true
interest to promote the production of the West.
The old northern States are, properly speaking,
not agricultural-producing, but commercial and
manufacturing State*. Mo
lost of them, it is true,
engage more or less in agriculture; but they are
not, and never can be, the chief producing States.
These, for one class of products, must ever be
the inland States—mostly those of the Missis-
sippi valley. The old States of the North are
commercial, by reason of their proximity to the
Atlantic seaboard; they are manufacturing, be-
cause of their great supply of water-power, coal, |
and minerals; they are both commercial and man-
ufacturing, because both pursuits combined con-
stitute for them a better interest than agriculture,
if their lands were even adapted to the latter pur-
suit.
As to the old southern States, the North and '
West produce what they do not—they produce
what the North and West cannot. Each is inter-
ested, therefore, in the' largest production by the
other. *
Now, every commercial and manufacturing
community is interested in having country tribu-
tary to it which produces, largely, the raw mate-
rial of its fabrics and the staples of its commerce,
i do not use the term tributary in its national-law
sense; but in that sense only which implies a ne-
cessity, from natural causes, of dependence in the ,
tributary country for facilities in its main pursuit.
In this sense, we of the West—particularly of the
Northwest—are, and ever shall remain, tributary
to the Atlantic States, if we adhere to agriculture.
We must always use and pass their channels and {
avenues of commercial transport in reaching mar-
ket with our surplus. In a country producing a
large agricultural sujplus, neither the greatest profit
nor loss is made or sustained in the mere produc- ,
tion, but in the manufactures of the products,!
i and in the carrying and barter trades connected 1
with them. With our tributary position, these J
profits most always be monopolized by the old j
States; and the greater our production, the> greater .
the profit thus realized by than. Hence it is plain ;
that the more western land you can put undercut-!
tivadon, and the more producers you can estab-
lish there, the more you enhance the interests of
the commercial and manufacturing States in the
items mentioned. But, further, you vastly in-
crease the ability of the class you would send
there, to purchase and consume the fabrics of the 1
North and the peculiar fkbrics of the South. If
the population and production of the West should
be doubled, the mutual interests of the North and :
South, in all these particulars, would be doubled
also; and so on, in like progressive' and corre-
sponding proportions.
But, if the argument be still deemed fallacious, I
let me test it by another general argument. What,
sir, is it but a knowledge and acknowledgment of i
my positions that have caused the Atlantic States
; to vie with each other in extending their public
works toward the western country ? Can it be
possible they would have done so had there been 1
! no West ? No; they have been and are so acting
with a view to make their works the channels ana
their cities the marts of western trade. Would
New York and Massachusetts now, if they could
have rolled back upon than all their immigrant
people, with the wealth they took away, consent,,
in view of their pecuniary interests, to see the
West depopulated, and its production stopped?
No, sir—not if you would give them to boot the j
entire cost of their western public works in money.
If there were no West, they would hav£tolay up
one third of their boats ana shipping, and dimin-
ish full one third their manufactures. Compara-
tive silence would reign where now the tireless lo-
comotive, never resting, rolls, and commerce
floats. When the West has advanced fifty years,
they would not, for the sake of their commercial
and manufacturing interests, set her back ten if
they could, and it would promote their true inter-
est to advance her in population and production
fifty years in five, if in theirpower. Away, then,
with your petty jealousies of the growing great-
ness of the West! While we remain of the same
family politic—and God grant we may ever so re-
main !—our greatness is your greatness; the pros-
perity of each is mutual—our destinies the same.
[The Senate here adjourned, and on the next
day Mr. WALKER resumed, as follows:]
Mr. President, I have so far used general argu-
ments only to prove the interest which the old
States have in the measure before us. Bnt let us
try figures. The. net proceeds of the public land
aalesfor 1849, were $983,343. If this were dis-
tributed directly to the States according to popu-
lation, New York would receive about £143,000
only, supposing the population of that State
to be 3,250,000, and of the Union 23,500,000.
Now, assuming the freight on the Erie canal for
the same year to have been no greater than for the
year 1846, the down-freight from Lake Erie was
506,830 tons, and the up freight 49,000 tons, ma-
king an aggregate of 555,830 tons/or the new States
alone. On tlus the State toll was twenty-four
cents per hundred pounds, yielding to the State
$2,667,984 in tolls only. The freight on this ton-
nage, over and above the toll, was fifteen cents
per hundred pounds, making $1,667,490 more,
paid to the citizens of New York for freight. The
whole amount of tolls on the Erie canal for 1847
waa $3,333,347, and on the other canals of the
State, $302,033—total, $3,635,380. To show that
I have not over-estimated the relative proportion
of western commerce to the aggregate, I will state
that 1,431,252 tons were forwarded in the same
year from Lake Erie alone, and reached tidewa-
ter; while only 313,031 tons reached tidewater in
New York from all other quarters. No one can
fail to perceive the immense importance of this
trade to the State of New York, notwithstanding
the Wast is yet in her infancy. What further
New York and her people received from the
thronging travel to and from the West; whatmore
from the manufacture of western products; arid
what still more from the barter trade connected
with them, here and in foreign markets, cannot
, be known; but the amount must have been im-
| mense indeed. Immense as it may have been,
| however, it would be doubled in future by doub-
I ling the production and population of the West.
] The same may be said, to a great extent, in re-
, gard to most of the Atlantic States—classing Penn-
sylvania among them—if they will but strive for
western trade as have New York and Massachu-
i setts. Can they, then, desire to retard the growth
of the West? Can such a degree of fatuity have
seized upon them as to have rendered them blind
to the deep and perpetual interest they have in
settling the West with laborers and producers,
. and putting her lands under cultivation ? Sir, if
! they owned those lands exclusively, it would re-
1 dound to their interest to grant them free to actual
' settlement, and I have no doubt they would do it.
I France did. so in Louisiana; Spun did the same in
Florida and Mexico; and Mexico the same in her
: intendencies.
There is, then, no argument against the measure
. under consideration to be drawn from any sup-
posed injustice in it. It contains not only compen-
' sating equivalents, but remunerating inducements
: to the old States to yield their acquiescence in its
adoption.
1 But you may say you possess tfttd can retain all
: these advantages without ceding the public lands.
1 We are arguing a question of justice; this argument
sound* like one of right, based upon the score of
I our necessities. However, let it pass. That you
1 possess these advantages I concede; that you can
per foree retain them, I deny. But suppose you
1 could: is there no importance to you in having
them doubled in ten instead of fifty years ? Is the
j annual doubleof $2,667,984, nothing to New York
; as a State, compared with $143,000—her distri-
' butive share of the land-sale proceeds—and this
1 received not directly, but incidentally only? But
you cannot retain these advantages by your pres-
, ent policy. You will force us to become a manu-
facturing as well as an agricultural people; when
woe-betide the commerce and manufactures of
I New York and New England, at least so far as
the West and South shall be concerned ! We have
; equal facilities with you in water-power, and
1 greater in steam, for we have cheaper combustible.
Our resources in coal, iron, lead, copper, timber,
I lumber, clay, and limestone are inexhaustible.
I We can beat the world in wool-growing, and are
nearer than you to the cotton region—with the
broad Mississippi to float our interchanging pro-
i; ducts; its contributing tasmehes—the Arkansas,
Red river, Ohio, Wabash, Illinois, Missouri, and
Wisconsin, and their tributaries—winding past
, our every domicil and hamlet; with railroads and
canals in progress, to unite the whole. All we
lack is capital, which we are fast acquiring, and
II shall soon have—the tooner by the defeat of this
