So
31st Cong *2d Sess,
APPENDIX TO THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iVtu' Hampshire Contested Election—Mr. Hibbard.
[Jan. 9.
Ho. of Reps.
over one hunched millions of acres to one i
man, to •'etutble" him to moke a railroad!—a ter-
ritory equal in extent to the States of New York,
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Delaware!
Sir, if I read aright the signs of the tunes, the
working masses of the people have resolved that
you shall change your policy and practice—that
you shall partly turn your cares from the exclu-
sive thrall of luxurious incident. They are discon-
tented and unhappy. Aside from present care
and want, and that sense of dependence and sub-
jection with which your class-discriminations have
depressed them, they feel and know—they cannot
close their eyes to the fact—that the policy you
are now pursuing portends a gloomier day in the
future for them or their children. Already, where
most crowded, the more favored are but ablfi to
obtain through the week what at its close will
frocure the meanest comforts for their families,
f sickness overtake them, or misfortune come, or
if for a few days work cannot be had, real destitu-
tion and suffering or insol vable debts are the result.
If they would go West, to the public lands—the
asylum and refuge of distress—and have the pres-
ent means to make the journey, they have no
more; or, if they have a little more, knowing the
expense and time of putting in even a small farm,
they know that little will be exhausted; they de-
spair of ability to buy the land when it shall come
into market. They know that when their first
stack is gone, it will require all their earnings to
support an increasing family; that for some years
they can lay up nothing to save their labor and
improvements from the blood-lured grasp of the
speculator.. They consequently remain where
they are, toiling on to an uncertain destiny, with
no consolation from the past, few comforts or en-
joyments for the present,and less but more gloomy
hopes for the future. They see that machinery is
fast pushing them from the stage of human labor—
that already their bread, to some extent, depends
upon the price of machine products, and that price
upon the amount of tribute or tariff they them- :
selves are forced to pay to keep it up. As a sub-
stitute, they are offered no resource in the fif-
teen hundred millions of the public land; but
are compelled to meet the certain, dread alternative
of starvation, or comfortless dependence! Sir, dis-
guise it as you may, there ia none other left, unless
you soon concede their right to freely dig subsist-
ence, independence, and comfort from the earth.
Do this, and their well-founded fears will be re-
moved. Cease your favoritism in the blessings
and bounties of Government, and they will lose
the sense of subject-inferiority with which your
unjust discriminations have bowed them down.
But, sir, you will never do these things wil-
lingly; yet you will do them. The working num-
ber—thanks to God and the form of our Govern-
ment—hold the means to compel you. They hold
the ballots through which you now hold power.
The means which exalted you can humble you;
and these means they have determined to employ. \
They have already begun, and the results are j
known if the means of their accomplishment are
not. If yoij would know what I mean, I refer you
to the elections of last Fall, held in New York,
New Jersey, and Delaware. If you did not know
it before, you are now told that national re-
form democracy elected TlfE majorities elect-
ed in those States ! I will tell you another
truth, little as it is known: that Horatio N. Sey-
mour might now be Governor of the Empire State if
he had not remained a mere negation upon the subject
of human rights and necessities. The working mul-
titudes have been long enough depressed by false
and oppressive practices, following sweet and hon-
eyed professions. They can be deceived no longer.
They form no party of their own, but in combi-
nation practice what they preach. They have
resolved to save their race from slavery, and the ,
country from worse than monarchy. To these
ends they have turned their attention in earnest to
the absolute rights and positive wants of mankind.
They have determined that you shall do the same,
or surrender to those who will. It is for you to
choose your alternative; for, as certain as the Lord
liveth, you cannot much longer persecute, as you
have done, the mass of America's workmen for
the " unreal wants " of luxury.
Sir, do not contemn this labor-movement of the
people—it is not to be contemned. It is the same
in spirit—made manifest by works—which so
lately hurled Louis Philippe from the throne of
France, and drove him exiled, to another land to
die; which more recently braved in Hungary the
terrors of Russian and Austrian arms and power,
and but for treachery would have triumphed; and
which as recently caused the German Principali-
ties to quake, and their princes to tremble on their
castled heights, and which will yet dash them down
to feel the terrors of the fall! All this was and
will be done to gain, as a means, but what Ameri-
cans now hold—the elective franchise. Having
obtained this, do you suppose the Frenchman, the
Magyar, or the German would starve, or live in
pittance-servitude, simply because elective rulers
said he must? No. Nor, having it, will Ameri-
cans do either, only because you may say they
must, when they can so easily, and without blood
or straggle, force you from the stage of power.
To afford you a manifestation of this, they car-
ried, in two short months from the last adjourn-
ment, one tenth of this Union by storm. But it
was a calm storm—no swords, no bayonets, no
cannon or musketry. The soldiery were.those
who live by labor, and who desire but labor and
wages that they may live. Armed with the dread-
ful ballot—but dreadful to oppression only—they
marched to what gold-plated conservatism thought
its impregnable rampart; fired but one round—
and that scarcely heard at the time; but some of the
enemy who fell behind that rampart were not ig-
norant of what hurt them. I said, in my speech
of last session, there should 1^ a petition here at
this which "would be heeded." You have it in
the political results I have mentioned. Neglect
the admonition if you will—but you cannot but at
your peril. It is a death-toll warning in your ear,
that i/oii, too,
" Have ta'en too little care of this
NEW HAMPH1JIKE CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF H0N7HARRY HIBBARD,
of new hampshire,
In thf. House of Representatives,
Thursday, January 9, 1851.
The House having under consideration the report of the
Committee of Elections on the contested election from the
Third District of New Hampshire—
Mr. HIBBARD rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: If I consulted my own inclina-
tion, I should be silent on this occasion, for I am
aware that any extended remarks from me, at this
stage of thedebate will involve the danger of a
trespass upon the time and patience of the House.
But the importance of the principle at issue, and
the course the discussion has taken in certain par-
ticulars, seem to require a few suggestions from
me, as one of the Representatives of New Hamp- j
shire.
This, sir, is a question of legal right, depending
upon facts not in dispute. These facts are, I be-1
lieve, substantially set forth in the memorial of
the contestant. The State of New Hampshire was
divided by her Legislature into four districts for the
choice of Representatives in Congress, in June,
1846. General Peaslee was afterwards, in March,
1849, elected Representative from district number
Two, and General Wilson from district number
Three. In June, 1850, the Legislature altered the
districting of the State, in several respects; among
other changes, setting off four townships from dis-
trict number Two to district number Three. In
September, 1850, Gen. Wilson resigned his seat.
A new election was thereupon ordered in district
number Three, to fill the vacaney occasioned by the
resignation of General Wilson. The Governor
issued his warrants to the several towns and
places composing the district according to the act
of June, 1850, including said four towns. An
election was had, the people of these towns par-
ticipating therein, and Mr. Morrison, the sitting
member, having a majority of all the votes, was
returned as chosen. If the votes of the four towns
in question were thrown out, Mr. Perkins, the
contestant, would have a majority.
Upon these facts, Mr. Speaker, it is alleged by
the contestant that the Governor did wrong in is-
suing his precepts to these four towns, because, it
is said that their people were already represented
in the person of General Peaslee; and it is com-
plained that if the witting member holds his seat,
those people will have two Representatives on this
floor. This is the only grievance alleged by the
memorialist, and such is the reason of the wrong.
I propose to follow the allegations of the memo-
rial, and to consider, first, whether the Governor
did wrong in issuing his precepts to the people of
these towns; in other words, were their people
entitled to vote in that election ?
It is by law made the duty of the Governor, in
such case, to issue his warrants to the towns and
places composing the district by which the choice
is to be made. The several districts are the crea-
tures of State legislation. Their establishment
and limits depend wholly upon the action of the
Legislature. The Governor issued his warrants
to the district as it then existed, with the limits
and constituency which the competent authority
had, given to it. He could not have directed them
to the district as it had formrt-ly been bounded,
because those boundaries had been changed. Dis-
trict number Three, with its ancient limits, did not
then exist. The law of June previous, severing
certain townships from the Second district, and
annexing them to the Third, had already gone into
effect. The former law, so far as it conflicted with
the provisions of the last statute, had been express-
ly repealed. To have attempted to recognize any
other limits of the district than those known to
the law, would have been not only without the
sanction of the State statute, but in direct viola-
tion of it. It would have been absurd. The
minority report, and the advocates of the contest-
ant's claim, take the ground that the new statute
did not go into operation so as to take effect upon
this special election, and was not so intended. They
contend that its effect was held in reserve until
the members of the next Congress should be
chosen. This is totally irreconcilable with the
specific provision of the statute in question, that
it should take effect immediately, as well as with
the other.clause repealing all parts of the former
districting laws inconsistent with its own pro-
visions. Had the Legislature designed to con-
tinue the former law in force, so that any accruing
vacancy should have been filled by the district in
its original form, as it was doubtless competent
for them to have done, they would have addetW.
saving clause to that effect. This is the usual IR
legitimate mode of effecting such results. Their
failure to insert such a clause, clearly indicates
, that they had no such intention. Moreover, there
is a general provision in the statutes of that State
in force when this law was passed, and for sev-
eral years previous, that no law enacted at any
June session shall take effect until the fifteenth
day of the following September, unless a different
day is expressly appointed. The provision that
the law should take effect forthwith, in connection
with this circumstance, manifests the purpose of
the Legislature beyond all doubt. The specula-
tions as to whether the Legislature anticipated
j General Wilson's resignation, I regard as entirely
, immaterial. The question is as to their act, and
its effect upon this election.
The substan tial matter of the con testan t's charge,
Mr. Speaker—the complaint that the people of
these four towns will have a double representation
if the sitting member holds his seat, arises, I ap-
! prehend, from a misapprehension of the true theory
I of the system of constitutional representation,
j Every member of the House is, in the eye of the
Constitution, a representative of the people of his
whole State, not of a single district. The Consti-
tution regards the people of these four towns as no
j more represented by tne delegate from one district
[ than from another. They, in common with all
j the other citizens of the State, have as many rep-
resentatives as there are delegates from the whole
State. The dividing of States into districts is
simply a mode of prescribing how the represent-
atives shall be chosen. It does not affect the legal
' results of their election, nor alter their legal rela-
; tions to the people of the State.
The Constitution of the United States says that
" the House of Representatives shall be chosen
! every second year by the people of the several
| States." In fixing the number of members to
which each State should be entitled until another
enumeration, it originally provided that " New
Hampshire should be entitled to choose three,
