83
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess. 1
New Hampshire Contested Election—Mr. Hibbard.
Ho. or Reps.
would be a most dangerous assumption in prac-
tice. Several States were of the same opinion,
and declined for a time to comply with this requi-
sition. Members from several States elected by
general ticket after the passage of the law of 1842,
in disregard of its provisions, were admitted to
seats in the House, after full discussion, by very
decided majorities. The President in' his message
communicating his approval of the bill containing
this enactment, expressed the opinion that it was
to be taken as merely recommendatory, and not
binding upon the States: that in no other sense
could ne deem it a constitutional measure. It
should be borne in mind that this provision was
inserted in the bill for a new apportionment of
Representatives, following upon tne then recent
census—a bill the passage of which was perhaps
indispensable to the continued operations of the
Government.
This, I believe, is the true history of that matter.
It is also true, as set forth in the minority report,
and by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Thompson,} that New Hampshire was, for atime,
one of the dissenting States. She continued to dis-
sent until her members, chosen by general ticket,
were admitted to seats and the obnoxious requir-
ment waived. But all this matter of the mandatory
provision of the act of 1842, and the refusal of New
Hampshire to comply with it, have nothing to do
with the case before us. I have referred to it,
•nly to show that it is irrelevant, and because
gentlemen on the other side have thought proper,
for some purpose, to introduce it. I will, how-
ever, take occasion to add, as the action of
the State in this behalf has been impeached, that,
m my humble judgment, the position of New
Hampshire and the States with which she was
associated, (Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri,)
in opposition to this unjustifiable act, passed by
an unscrupulous majority of a partisan Congress,
was a noble and salutary position, for which they
are entitled to the thanks of the friends of State
rights and constitutional legislation throughout
the land.
No such question arises here, because New
Hampshire has now districted herself for the choice
of Representatives, in conformity with this very
law, though not in consequence of it. There is
no other Congressional enactment bearing upon
the matter. None certainly, tending to interdict
the power which our Legislature undertook to ex-
ercise. Not only has no act of Congress been
contravened, but all has been complied with. The
State Legislature has been acting strictly within
the scope of its power, in a matter over which its
jurisdiction, though not exclusive, is unobstructed
and final. The question, then, is not one of consti-
tutional right, but of expediency simply. The act
is one which we have not the right, if we had the
disposition, to overhaul. If I may be permitted
to say it, it seems to me an error quite frequently
made on this floor, to convert or attempt to convert
simple considerations of expediency, into constitu-
tional difficulties. To be sure, a tendency of this
kind may result from regard to a school of doc-
trine, of which no one can think higher than I do
—I mean that of a strict construction of the Con-
stitution and of the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment under it. But the scruples of the true strict
constructionist run in a counter direction to the
positions here assumed. I regret that I cannot
recognize the gentlemen who take the objection in
this instance, as disciples of that school. The
right kind of strict construction is Aat which
would guard against all unwarranted or question-
able assumptions on the part of the Central Gov-
ernment, protecting vigilantly the reserved rights
of the States and of the people. The principle
now sought to be enforced is of another character.
It would cripple the powers of the State—strike
down its acts and set at naught the will of the people,
as expressed under these acts, because they are
not in accordance with the notions of propriety
and political ethics just now entertained by some
gentlemen on this floor. Sir, a precedent fraught
with more danger to the great principle of State
rights, in accordance with which alone, our Gov-
ernment can be successfully administered, could
not well be established.
. The ingenuity of gentlemen has been taxed to
imagine instances in which such a law as that of
June, 1850, might operate injuriously. It is sup-
posed that if the power to pass this act be admitted,
the State might have so constituted district number
Three as to have entirely changed its limits and
destroyed its identity, so that the Governor could
not have known to what territory to have issued
his warrants for the filling of the vacancy. Now,
sir, if such metaphysical refinements present any
real difficulties, we are not called upon to meet
them here. It is enough to make answer to the
matter which is before us. Sufficient for the day
is the evil thereof. In this case no such obliterating
alteration has been made. District number Three,
under the law of 1850, is the same in name as
under the law of 1846; and substantially the same
in territory. All the difference is, that four town-
ships, each about six miles square, have been
added. It is the same district in fact. There
is no trouble about its identity. If an addition,
comparatively inconsiderable, is made to a town-
ship or a county, does it not remain the same
township, the same county ? Is it not the same in
regard to the right of voting, as in regard to every
other right ana incident? When an addition is
made to one of the States by conquest, settlement
of disputed boundary—as in the case of Maine
and Texas, or by other mode of acquisition—does
it not remain the same State ? If an election were
now to be held in Texas, does anybody suppose
that the people of that part of the State which was
once deemed to be a part of New Mexico, and
was actually under the civil jurisdiction existing
there, would not be entitled to vote in such elec-
tion, if they should have been residents in Texas
during the time required by the State law to make
them voters, notwithstanding they might recently
have participated in similar elections in New Mex-
ico?
Before the State law of June, 1846, which first
provided that the Representative should reside in
the district by which he was chosen, it was legally
competent for the whole delegation from New
Hampshire to have been chosen from one district,
one county, or from one town, had the Legislature
so directed. The fact that such a mode of pro-
ceeding would have been unreasonable, inconve-_
nient, and unsatisfactory, would have afforded to'
this House no valid reason for refusing seats to
members so chosen. It is enough for us, if the
State authorities have prescribed those methods,
and the people have acquiesced and acted under
them—provided they are not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws of the United States. The
doctrine of the reductio ad absurdum, as my learned
colleague [Mr. Tuck] has it—the idea that because
it is possible that an absurd or unreasonable thing
may happen under a law, no such law ought to
or can constitutionally be enacted, and if enacted
may be disregarded, is itself an absurdity, which
to be seen, needs but to be stated. No legal or
moral principle was ever promulgated,—no law
was ever passed, however beneficial in the main,
under which instances of injurious effect may not
be imagined, and must not, in fact, occur. Such
instances do not necessarily affect at all the gen-
eral nature of the principle. They do not, as a
matter of course, impugn the expediency of the
law, much less the power of the Legislature to
enact it. They are often exceptions which con-
firm, instead of disproving, the rule. As well
may it be said, because innocent men may and
have been hung under the operation of laws against
murder, that no such laws ought to or can be
passed. Such a doctrine would annihilate all laws
and upset all institutions ever devised by the wis-
dom of fallible man.
Gentlemen on the other side have spoken of
the conduct and motives of the State Legislature
which passed the districting act of June, 1850.
My colleague, [Mr. Tuck,] m an especial manner
has indulged in labored strictures upon the Demo-
crats of New Hampshire generally, and upon
those persons who passed this law in particular.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with regard to all this mat-
ter, I may be mistaken, but it strikes me that its
introduction was, to say the least, in bad taste
upon this occasion. It has nothing to do here.
It can have no effect favorable to the side advo-
cated by the gentleman, and needs no answer.
The motives of the Legislature—their purposes in
reference to the political bearing of their act, have
nothing at all to do with the matter before the
House; the House has nothing to do with them.
Though I cannot think that my colleague would
pay himself and the House the poor compliment
of making such 'allusions for the purpose of exci-
ting partisan prejudices and carrying the question
upon party grounds, yet his remarks have two
much that appearance. It remains to be seen
whether they will have that effect. I suppose
they will not. I believe that this question will be
decided with a view to its legal merits; for it is a
legal question purely. Our proceedings ought to
have, at least, the seeming of propriety—of regard
to the considerations which, all will agree, ought
alone to govern our action.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that politicians, in pur-
suit of party ascendency and personal promotion,
sometimes do strange things, things which will
hardly bear the light of a rigid scrutiny, or stand
before the glance of a very virtuous indignation. I
know that strange combinations have been formed
by which political minorities in some of the States
have allied themselves with factions that promulga-
ted doctrines and urge measures, at war, not only
with the peace and harmony of the country, but
destructive, in my judgment, of the continued ex-
istence of our civil institutions. I know, too, that,
owing to encouragement, afforded by some in-
stances of past success, attempts are being made,
in different parts of the land, to repeat these ex-
periments.
For myself, I am, and always have been, hostile
to these movements. I have opposed them on all
proper occasions. I regard them as productive of
consequences deeply injurious to the country, es-
pecially at a time like the present, and disreputable
to all concerned in their concoction, I wisn them
no manner of success, no matter what party is en-
gaged in them—whether the actors call themselves
Whigs or Democrats. If defeat does not overtake
them now, universal reprobation and political in-
famy surely await them and their authors in the
not far distant future.
But I have been slow to believe that considera-
tions of this nature could determine the legal ques-
tion of a member's right to his seat in this House.
They are matters for the hustings, not for the ju-
dicial forum. They might- properly be adduced
at the polls, as furnishing reasons why certain
candidates should not be elected. I should not
deem it proper to introduce them here, even if I
was aware that' the contemplated result of the
present contest was to give success to a manoeuvre
of the same kind with those to which I have just
referred.
To all that has been said about the motives of
the New Hampshire Legislature in passing this
act, Mr. Speaker, I might well demur as imma-
terial. If their action was unfair, it was their mat-
ter, not ours. But it was not unfair. At all proper
times and places I am prepared to maintain the
justice ana propriety of that legislation.
What are the facts ? Previous to 1846, as has
been stated, Representatives had been elected in
that State by general ticket. The Whigs and
Abolitionists, acting in concert, and constituting a
majority in the Legislature of that year, laid off
the State into four districts, for the choice of the
four members to which the State was entitled.
The effect of that districting, however intended,
was to throw into two districts a Democratic ma-
jority in the State of about five thousand. I know
nothing of the motives of the majority of that
Legislature, care nothing, and make no charge of
improper purposes. The effect is alone material,
find that was as I have stated. At the following
election—in March, 1847—my colleague [Mr.
Peaslee] was chosen in the Second district by
about three thousand majority; and my predeces-
sor from the Fourth district [Mr. Johnson] by a
majority of about two thousand. Mr. Wilson
was elected from number Three, and my colleague
from number One, [Mr. Tuck,] by small majori-
ties—I think of two or three hundred each. Similar
results were exhibited in the Congressional election
of 1849. I do not claim to be accurate in stating
these majorities. If I err, my colleague can set
me right.
Mr. TUCK. I will remark to my colleague
that I was elected by a majority of about fourteen
ii hundred. 1 -will ask my colleague whether many
