1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
those claims. The only pretence of a valuable
consideration is to be found in these pretensions
to which I have just referred, and which I have
examined.
But, sir, there is one position which if success-
fully maintained would perhaps be fatal to the ar-
gument which I have made against the existence
of treaty obligations in 1800 as between the United
States and France, and that is, that the violation
of treaty stipulations by the French was but a
just retaliation for wrongs committed by us on
them. That is the question which I now propose
to examine. I think I can show that there were
no wrongs on our part of which they had any
right to make a serious complaint. They com-
plained because we did not grant to them the pre-
tensions of which I have spoken. I need not re-
capitulate the argument on that question. We
did no wrong to them because we did not grant
such extravagant pretensions. They complained,
too, of Jay's treaty, because they said we suffered
the English to give us less than our rights under
the laws of nations, because we suffered the Eng-
lish to treat us worse than the French treated us
under their treaty of amity and commerce. Ac-
cording to their treaty free ships made fr'ee goods,
and according to Jay's treaty the English had a
right to seize enemies' goods in neutral ships, a
matter which gave them no just grounds of com-
plaint, because it was a provision strictly in ac-
cordance with the laws of nations, as all authori-
ties show. They also complained that we had
• suffered provisions to be made contraband. The
fact of the case was, that there was at that day a
controverted point in the practice of nations in re-
lation to this law of contraband as applied to pro-
visions. We settled it with England by a com-
promise. We did not exactly declare provisions
contraband, but we allowed the British to prevent
our vessels when loaded with provisions from
entering French ports, but they were not allowed
to seize the cargo, or do more than divert them
from their voyage; they were obliged to indemnify
the owners for the cargo and profits. It was on
its face a compromise of a disputed point in the
law of nations; and having thus secured our right*
as a neutral nation as nearly as possible, it was
no just cause of complaint to the French that we
could not do more, and settle every disputed point
in our own favor. Nor was it for them to com-
plain, as in 1793 they had treated us worse, and
seized both vessel and cargo when loaded with
provisions.
But there was another complaint upon which
the Senator from Connecticut rested with especial
emphasis. Mr. Livingston, in his report, says
that we did not allow the French the exclusive
right of asylum to which they were entitled under
the 17 th article of the treaty of amity and com-
merce. The Senator from Connecticut said that
the 24th article of Jay's treaty was precisely simi-
lar to the 17th article of the treaty of commerce
between the United States and France, and infers
from thence, I presume, that the latter violated the i
first. If he had examined the articles with his !
usual attention he would have found two most
material differences. By the 17th article of the
treaty of amity and commerce the French were al-
lowed to bring in prizes and sail at any time
whithersoever they pleased. By the 24th article
of Jay's treaty the British were allowed to bring
in prizes and sail whithersoever they pleased as
speedily as possible. In the article in Jay's treaty
there was a special reservation of the rights which
other nations possessed under former treaties.
While we allowed the French any length of time
they chose within which to hoist sail with their
prizes, we allowed the British to do so as speedily
as possible. The two treaties construed together
violated no right which France had acquired from
us. She could bring in her prizes even from the .
British, but the British could not bring in French
prizes to our ports. Such was the practice for :
some time under the treaties;-for we find the Sec-
retary of State in 1795 corresponding with the i
Governor of Virginia on the subject, and using all :
the exertions in his power to prevent the English !
from bringing in French prizes. It is probably
true, as Mr. Monroe suggested in one of his letters
to the French Government, that, with all our
efforts to the contrary, there might have been oc-
casions when British vessels run in contrary to
our laws and orders. But here, too, we were jus-
tified, had we departed from the treaty of 1778, so
far as to have permitted the British to have brought
in French prizes; for it is notorious that the French
had commenced long before, and continued to per-
petrate outrages upon us.
I will now refer to another subject which has
been relied upon as a justification for the French:
I mean our alleged failure to execute the guarantee
of which I have spoken. Mr. President, I have
shown that the French never asked or desired us
to execute it; and that, therefore, is not a just
cause of complaint. But I choose to go a little
further into this matter, for the purpose of vindi-
cating the reputation of the country and the char-
acter of Washington himself, as both are impli-
cated in the charge of having violated treaty
stipulations and the most solemn obligations to a
friend and allyjfor it is certainly true that he never
would have consented to execute that guarantee in
the war then existing between France and Great
Britain. A reproach, therefore, must rest upon
his name for having deliberately determined to
violate so solemn a covenant, if in truth he was
bound by it.
Sir, it was the opinion of Washington, of
Washington's Cabinet—and I think the opinion
can be successfully maintained—that we were not
bound to execute that guarantee. It was a subject
upon which he consulted his Cabinet. Two of
them reserved their opinions, and two of them—
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of War—declared that we were not bound to ex-
ecute it for two reasons, as given in Marshall's
Life of Washington. One was, that it would com-
promise our safety, and, it might be, our existence,
to attempt it; the other was, that our alliance with
France was a defensive alliance, and being a de-
fensive alliance we could not be asked to engage in
an offensive war, or to execute that guarantee.
Both of these opinions are right according to the
ilieto of writers on the laws of nations, and accord-
ing to the practice of civilized communities.
In relation to the first excuse, that it would
compromise our safety, and, it might be, our ex-
istence, who can doubt the fact? That it is a valifl
excuse for failing to execute a treaty, because it is
likely to prove ruinous, is affirmed by the best au-
thorities on the subject. Vattel (book 2, ch. 12,
s. 160) expressly lays down the doctrine, that if a
treaty is likely to be ruinous, and tends to com-
promise the safety of the country, the Govern-
ment is not bound to carry it into execution,
because no Government could lawfully enter into
such a treaty if they knew beforehand it would
turn out to be ruinous. We shall find presently
that this is not merely precept but practice. Na-
tions have in such cases made that excuse, and
the excuse has been considered legitimate.
The other excuse, that it was a defensive alli-
ance, and, being a defensive alliance, France could
not call upon us to embark in an offensive war, is
one which can be shown to have been perfectly
just. It is laid down by Grotius on that subject,
(see also Vattel, b. 3, ch. 6, s. 83, to same point,)
that if two nations engage to asist each other in
future wars, it is to be understood that those wars
must be just. This limitation must always be
considered to accompany the promise, because if
a nation were to promise beforehand to enter into
an unjust war, the undertaking would be void for
its immorality. I go one step further in this re-
gard, because I find myself supported in my po-
sition by the practice of nations. If two inde-
pendent nations make such a compact , you cannot
call for assistance upon the nation which has made
a defensive alliance with you if your war be of-
fensive, whether it be just or unjust. If you de-
clare war, you cannot call upon a nation which
had made a defensive alliance with you to assist
you, unless you have consulted that nation before
your war. There is an obvious reason for this.
If I am bound to engage with you, sir, in war for
your benefit exclusively, before you declare it, be-
fore you enter into it, I have a right to be con-
sulted—I have a right to know it; I have a right
to decide whether I can enter into it without utter
rain, whether, too, it is just or unjust. I have a
riffht to time to see whether I can make up the
differences and bring about peace; I have a right,
also, to time to enable me to make proper prepara-
tions for the war, and you have no right to hurry
me into it without reference to my wishes, my inter-
est, or my safety. If you give me no chance to do
this, and declare the war without consulting me,
you have no right to call upon me to assist you.
Permit me, sir, to refer you to some instances to
prove this position. The treaty between Franee
and Austria in 1756 was a defensive alliance; and
when, in 1778, a dispute arose in relation to the
Bavarian succession, the Austrian Government
consulted France to know whether she would fur-
nish her quota of men, and would supply money,
as she had engaged to do. France refused to do it.
She refused it because hers was a defensive alli-
ance, and this was an offensive war, and therefore
she could not be called upon for assistance. She
refused, also, upon another ground. She was en-
faged in a war with England, which required all
er resources, and it would be unjust to her own
people and to her own safety to divide those re-
sources for the purpose of aiding Austria in this
war. She also said that the case contemplated by
the guarantee had not arisen, because the war
which Austria wished to wage was a war of con-
quest, and that all she could be presumed to have
done was to have guarantied the possessions which
Austria had at the time the alliance was made. Af-
terwards the Austrian Government again consulted
France, and said, what was known to be the fact,
that the Prussians were arming against them, and
wished to know whether, in the event of Prussia
declaring war against them, and attacking the
provinces which were actually guarantied, France
would assist in preserving these provinces? The
French replied that it would too nearly compro-
mise the safety of their own people and country
to do so with the warthen existing between Franco
and England.
Another instance is to be found in the alliance
between the English and Dutch, a case which was
examined with great ability in the discourse of
Lord Liverpool with regard te the conduct of Eng-
land in relation to neutral nations. That was a'
case in which there had been a series of guaran-
tees and treaties, from the treaty of Westminster
in 1678, down perhaps to 1748, which, I think, warf
the date of the treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle. They
mutually agreed to guaranty the possessions of
England and Holland in Europe. When France,
in 1756, attached the Island of Minorca, the Eng-
lish demanded of the Dutch the execution of that
guarantee, and the Dutch refused to execute it, be-
cause they said it was an offensive war on the
part of England, and theirs was a defensive alli-
ance, and the English had no right to call upon
them to execute it. They said it was an offensive
war on the part of England, because, although
France had struck the first blow in Europe, the
English struck the first blow in America, from
Which the war had arisen. Thus we find these
nations taking precisely the same ground that Gen-
eral Washington took when he issued Ms procla-
mation of neutrality in 1793.
I have entered into the discussion of this branch
of the subject, not because it was necessary to my
argument, but, as 1 said before, to vindicate the
character of Washington, and the reputation of
this country from the reproach which otherwise
would be cast upon them. If I were to select the
monument upon which his reputation as a states-
man may be said to rest most durably, it woukl
be, perhaps, that very proclamation of neutrality
which Judge Marshall has said was the foundation
of the celebrated doctrine of non-intervention in
foreign affairs. If I were to select a period when
he snowed the qualities of wisdom and moral
heroism in the highest degree, it would "be during
that time of almost universal war amongst the
nations of Europe, when he may be said to have
compelled the peace of the United States with the
rest of the worn; when he held the even tenor of
his way unmoved by clamors at home, nnterrified
by menaces from abroad, and afforded to Ameri-
can genius that opportunity which it so much
needed to lay deep the foundation and spread wide
the lines which marked the boundaries of the great
fabric of American power and prosperity. His
love of truth and justice, for which he is so cele-
brated, was never more signally evinced than in
his intercourse with other nations. Sir, in the
chaplet which crowns the effigy of that immortal
man, perhaps no leaf is more imperishable than
thejone which the stranger has contributed to tea-
