90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 21,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
tions with Great Britain at London, James Monroe,
at Piiris, assured the French Directory that Mr.
Jay's object was to obtain compensation for spoli-
ations, with an immediate restitution of the western
posts, and that he was positively forbidden from
weakening the engagements existing between
the United States and France. These assurances
were effectual. Early in 1795, the French Direct-
ory decreed that the treaty of amity and com-
merce should thenceforth be strictly observed, and
provided for indemnifying those who had suffered
by the embargo at Bordeaux; and Mr. Monroe
began a dispatch with announcing that a satisfac-
tory arrangement of the claims for spoliation was
at hand. But he closed the communication with
a statement that the ground thus happily gained
had been suddenly lost, by reason of rumored
stipulations injurious to France in the British
treaty, just then signed at London.
A cloud of political mystery gathered upon this
compact from the day of*its execution, the 19th of
November, 1794, until it was finally promulgated
on the 9th of May, 1796. France complained of
this concealment as disingenuous; and she ever
afterwards maintained that the United States had
not merely violated their engagements with her,
but had even abandoned also their professional
neutrality, by relinquishing the principle that free
ships made free goods, and by giving to England
a too favorable standard of contraband. She there-
fore pursued her depredations more recklessly than
before, and with the avowed purpose of compelling
the United States to break their new engagements
with Great Britain, her ancient and most invete-
rate enemy.
Mr. Monroe was replaced by Charles Cotes-
worth Pinckney; but France now refused to re-
ceive or recognize a Minister. A new and august
commission was constituted, consisting of Mr.
Pinckney, John Marshall, and Elbridge Gerry,
who, after enduring many insults and baffling
many intrigues, returned to the United States.
The United States, apprehending war with not
only France, but Great Britain also, laid the
foundation of their present systems of military
and naval defence; and the controversy with the
former Power ripened into resistance, reprisal, and
retaliation. After two years had thus passed, and
the French Directory had consented to negotiate,
Oliver Ellsworth, William R. Davie, and "William
Vans Murray, proceeded to Paris as ambassa-
dors. They found France just entering the fourth
act of the drama of her revolution, the Consulate
of the youthful conqueror of Italy. The Ameri-
can ministers demanded indemnities for the spolia-
tions, as a sine qua non. The French ministers,
at whose head was Joseph Bonaparte, readily
yielded this condition, but insisted at the same
time on a recognition and renewal of the ancient
treaties, with national damages for the violation
of them, as a sine qua non on their part. The
Americans, declining in every case to continue the
ancient treaties, proposed to purchase exemption
from their most embarrassing stipulations. They
offered ten millions of francs for a release from the
article of guaranty, and three millions of francs
for {i reduction of the privileges granted to France
by the 17th article of the treaty of commerce, to
such as were allowed by the United States to the
most favored nation. France rejected all such
overtures, and the commissioners, respectively
receding from their extreme demands, concluded
an accommodation by which the United States
received compensation for the plunder of vessels
not yet condemned, together with payment of the
claims founded upon contracts, and also a satis-
factory designation of articles contraband of war.
The claims for spoliations in cases where con-
demnation had already passed, the original fine
qua iwn on our part, together with the reciprocal
claims of France for indemnities, and for a recog-
nition and renewal of the ancient treaties, the
original sine qua non on the part of France, were
reserved by the following article:
" Art. 2. The ministers plenipotentiary of the two parties
not being able to agree at present respecting the treaty of
alliance of the 6th of February, 1778, the treaty of amity
and commerce of the same date, and the convention of the
14th of November, 1788, nor upon the indemnities mutually
due or claimed, the parties will negotiate further on those
subjects at a convenient time; and until they may have
agreed upon these points, the said treaties and conventions
•hall have no operation, and the relations of the two coun-
tries shall be regulated as follows."
The United States amended the new compact by
striking out this second article altogether, and by
adding a new one which limited its duration to
eight years.
Bonaparte, First Consul, accepted the amend-
ments, with an explanation, in these words: ■
" Provided^ That by this retrenchment the two States re-
nounce their respective pretensions which are the objects of
the said (second) article."
The United States assented, and the compact
was ratified as thus mutually amended.
This is the convention of 1800. " The preten-
sions" which France thus relinquished, wereclaims
for indemnities for violations of the ancient trea-
ties by the United States, together with a contin-
uance and renewal of those treaties; and the "pre-
tensions" which they thus renounced were the
claims for indemnities for spoliations upon the
property of American merchants, which are the
subjects of the bill now before the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. President, this review discloses—
First. That on the 6th day of February, 1778,
and on the 14th of November, 1783, the United
States and France entered into reciprocal political
and commercial engagements mutually beneficial.
Secondly. That previously tQ the 30th Septem-
ber, 1800, France violated her engagements by
committing depredations, in which merchants,
citizens of the United States, sustained damages
to the amount of twenty millions of dollars, of
which, after allowingall claims adjusted, there still
remains the sum of ten millions of dollars, exclu-
sive of interest.
Thirdly. That the United States negotiated with
France for the payment of those damages, and
also for a release from their ancient obligations;
and that France concedec the claim for damages,
but demanded national indemnities for a violation
of the treaties by the United States, and also a con-
tinuance and renewal of them.
Fourthly. That the United States renounced
their claims for damages, in consideration of a re-
lease by France of the treaties, and of her claims
for damages.
Fifthly. That thus the United States confiscated
ten millions of private property of their merchants,
and applied it to tjje purchase of national benefits,
under a Constitution which declares that private
property shall not be taken for public uses with-
out just compensation to its owners.
It seems to result from these facts, that the Uni-
ted States became immediately liable to pay to the
American merchants the sums before due to them
by France; and as this obligation was assumed by
the United States in lieu of their ancient engage-
ments with France, undertaken to secure the es-
tablishment of the national liberty and independ-
ence, it becomes in equity invested with their
eacredness and sanctions, and therefore ought to
be regarded as a debt incurred for the attainment
of the sovereignty, liberty, and independence of
the United States.
Why, then, Mr. President, shall not this debt,
so ancient, and apparently so sacred and so just,
be discharged ? t
I proceed to review the reasons which have been
at various times assigned.
First. The intrinsic justice of the claims has been
questioned.
The very learned and justly distinguished Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in a former
debate, stated that France had justified these spo-
liations, on the ground that the ships seized were
in part laden with goods belonging to Englishmen,
who had borrowed the names of Americans. I
have not been able to find evidence to support
such a pretension. On the other hand, the diplo-
matic language of the United States constantly
claimed that the sufferers were American citizens.
Sir, if these claims af'e spurious, then it must be
true that either Ellsworth, Marshall, Pinckney,
Monroe, Morris, Jefferson, Adams the elder, and
Washington, were ignorant of that fact, or that
they concluded to defraud France. Neither po-
sition can be true. _ The claims are therefore just.
An objection raised by the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter! falls under the same head.
It is that the French Government have a list or
table of the claims submitted in 1803, which
was presented to the French Government by the
American commissioners, and which shows that
the French, as the Senator says, supposed that
they paid, under the Convention of 1803, all the
claims of American citizens. I have this table
before me. If the honorable Senator will refer
to the treaty of 1800, he will find that it stipulated
for the payment of the class specified in that
table only—to wit, debts owing on contracts—
and that the claims for the spoliations now in
question were omitted expressly on the ground
that they were excluded by the treaty of 1800.
Here is the article of that treaty:
" The debts contracted by one of the two nations with
individuals of the other, or by the individuals of one with
individuals of the other, shall be paid, or the payment may
be prosecuted in the same manner as if there had been no
misunderstanding between the two States. But this clause
shall not extend to indemnities claimed on account of cap-
tures or confiscations. "— Vol. 8 of Stat, at Large, p. 180.
Then, what is left out of this table? The re-
duced amount, in the apprehension of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] is just exactly that
portion of the claims left out of the treaty, and
which is the subject of the present bill.
Secondly. It has been objected in late years that
the claims belonged to speculators. Certainly few of
the sufferers survive, and soon all will have de-
parted. But the claims are property; they were
the property of those sufferers. As property they
could be transferred and transmitted by assign-
ment, will, and administration. These are only
modes in which property is perpetuated; and this
capability of bemg perpetuated is inherent in it,
and is always rightfully and necessarily recognized
and protected • by all Governments, with proper
limitations. Individual property is the ballast of
die State. Wo to the State that casts it over-
board! That State is sure to drift away and to
break upon the rocks. But the allegation that
speculators have purchased these claims is denied,
while the bill protects the public if it be true.
None but a lawful assignee can take any benefit
from the bill, nor can he receive in any case more
than he actually paid for the claim.
Thirdly. It is said that the evidences of the claim
and of title must necessarily be loose and inconclusive.
However this may be, the fault does not rest
with the claimants, while the loss will fall upon
them. Moreover, they must produce legal evi-
dence. The United States can justly ask no more.
Fourthly. It is denied that the UnUed States ex-
changed a release of the claims for a release qf the
ancient treaties.
We have seen that in form at least the treaty of
1800 was such an exchange of those equivalents.
It was understood to be such an exchange in effect
when made. Robert R. Livingston said:
" It will be recollected by the distinguished characters
who bad the management of the negotiation, that the pay-
ment fat- illegal captures, with damages and indemnities,
was demanded on the one side, and the renewal of the
treaties of 1778 on the other; that they are considered as of
equivalent value, and that they only formed the subject of
the second article."—Letter to Talleyrand, *Spril 17,1802.
Napoleon, at St. Helena, declared
" That the suppression of the second article at once put
an end to the privileges which France had possessed by the
treaties of 1778, and annulled the just claims which America
might have had for injuries done in time of peace."—Con-
versation with Gourgaud.
Notwithstanding these and similar contempora-
neous expositions, it has been insisted here by two
of my very eminent predecessors, [Mr. Wright
and Mr. Dix,] as well as by others, that this con-
fessed form of the treaty was a mere diplomatic
artifice; that in fact it was not an exchange of
equivalents; and that the claims for spoliation were
renounced because they could not be enforced, and
not for an adequate and admitted consideration.
Sir, did Oliver Ellsworth and his colleagues com-
bine to practice a diplomatic fraud upon France ?
Certainly not. Were they then circumvented?
If we should grant that they were, there would
yet remain John Adams, President in 1800, and
Thomas Jefferson, President in 1801, and the Sen-
ate of those years, all equally compromitted.
Who will impeach their intelligence or their direct-
ness? Sir, upon whom shall we rely to vindicate
our own less-deserved and ephemeral fame if we
strike so rudely the monuments where these great
names lie sleeping ?
If the United States can plead fraud in this or in
any other case, how shall creditors or allies, indi-
viduals or States, learn to distinguish between ob-
ligations which we admit to be valid, and those
which we claim a right to repudiate?
