94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 23,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Execution of the Bounty Land, Law—Mr. Uaymond.
Ho. of Reps.
that my friend from Kentucky had been attending
to two claims for horses said to be lost in the j
Mexican war. One of these claims liad been
allowed and the money paid over to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.] Action had
been delayed on the other at the request of the
gentleman from Kentucky, to give time to pro-
cure additional testimony, if the information given
me at that time was correct. The gentleman from
Kentucky had, then, not much cause of com-
plaint.
Mr. HALL. I do not wish to interrupt the
gentleman from Virginia in his remarks, but I
wish to say that I have had a great many claims in
my charge, from my constituents, which I have
presented at the Third Auditor's office, and yet
not one of those claims has been acted upon or
allowed. They have been put off from time to
time by those connected with that office upon the
slightest pretensions. They have been put off for
the most contemptible whims. Some of those
claims were for soldiers in the Mexican war. I
believe no man, however meritorious his service
may have been, can set any claim allowed unless
he happens to bring proof which suits the whims
of that officer—proof more stringent than would
be required by any court in any State.
Mr. HAYMOW D. I am very glad the gentle-
man from Missouri has had some of these horse
claims under his charge. He is the first gentleman
on this floor I have been able to find who seems to
know anything about them.
Mr. MOORE. I think I understood the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Hall] to say that not
one of those claims had been acted upon.
Mr. HALL. 1 did not intend to say that not
one of the claims had been acted upon. But I do
say, not one of them I filed.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to say that some of these
claims have been acted upon and allowed. I have
some eight or ten of them in my drawer, presented
by a member of this House, which have been
allowed.
Mr. HALL. I only spoke of the claims which
I presented.
Mr. HAYMOND. I referred to the Georgia
claims in the remarks I was making.
Mr. JONES, (interrupting.) Mr. Chairman,
I have had some experience in relation to the
transaction of business with the Third Auditor,
and am somewhat acquainted with the manner in
which business is transacted in his office. As far
as I have been able to judge in relation to that
officer, I regard him as a very clever gentle-
man, who is disposed to do everything in his
power to promote the public interest and settle the
claims of individuals on principles of justice and
equity, as far as his action on those claims is con-
cerned. But, like all other new officers, he is in-
experienced; and more than this, I think it is
unfortunate for him, and most unfortunate for
the claimants, that he places too implicit confi-
dence in one of his clerks, a Mr. Gunton, who,
it seems to me, will not hear anything respecting
a claim against the Government, except what he
wishes to hear. When he takes up a case, it ap-
pears that he proceeds with its investigation until
ne finds an objection; then he stops, and informs
the claimant or his agent; and when that objection
is removed, he proceeds with his investigation
until he comes to another objection or defect in
the proof, when he again informs the claimant or
his agent; and heproceeds thus until all concerned
are wearied out, and regret they ever had any-
thing to do with the case; and if the case is ever
allowed, it is not till years after it has been filed.
These remarks are applicable to those claims
which I believe are under the charge of this Mr.
Gunton.
Mr. HAYMOND. (in continuation.) Mr. Chair-
man, I have no objection to be interrupted, but I
do not like to have interruptions which last an
hour at a time. [LaughterJ
I was speaking of those Georgia claims. I un-
derstood the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Har-
alson] to say these horse claims had never been
decided. A remark similar to this was also made
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
the other day. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have
taken the pains to examine into this matter. I
went to the Third Auditor's office for that pur-
pose, and I learned that these claims had been ex-
amined, and had been decided and rejected, though
perhaps they were not decided precisely as the
gentleman from Georgia would have wished.
The facts were, as I understood, that the princi-
pal claimant sold the horses to the soldiers during
the Mexican war, and charged them $150 apiece
for them. He paid $75 to each soldier, who, for
the said sum of $75, gave a receipt for the ^150 in
full, and transferred the claim to the claimant,
and the claimant demanded from the Government
*150 for each horse. Thus attempting to specu-
late magnificently upon the poor soldier ana the
Government, and to establish his alleged claim,
and obtain payment therefor solely by his own
evidence. This being the case, it was decided he
was not a competent witness to prove and sub-
stantiate the claim for these horses, he being the
prosecutor of the claim and the party interested in
its payment. I believerthis to be the case in rela-
tion to the principal claims.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interrupting.)
I would inquire what class of claims the gentle- (
man from Virginia alludes to ? i
Mr. HAYMOND. To the thirty-nine claims.
Mr. STEPHENS. I presume my colleague—
though I do not know which of my colleagues the
gentleman alludes to—claims compensation for
horses lost in the Mexican war. If it is in rela-
tion to that class of claims, I will state to him that
I addressed a letter to the Third Auditor the other
day, in relation to some claims of this kind which j
have been under the care of the Third Auditor for :
more than two years. He informed me that not
one of them had been touched, and eannot be
touched until after the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. HAYMOND. These may have been dif-
ferent claims. I was informed by the Third Aud-
itor that the claims to which I alluded have been
actually decided, and decided againsttheclaimants.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think they are the only
claims that have been presented for horses lost
in the Mexican war from the State of Georgia,
and these claims have not been acted upon. A
gentleman from Missouri informs me that there
are also claims of this description in the Third Aud-
itor's office from that State. But I will speak
only for Georgia; and, in relation to those claims,
I repeat, the Third Auditor informs me that they
cannot be touched till after the adjournment of
Congress.
Mr. HALL, and several others, desired to in-
terrupt.
Mr. HAYMOND refused to yield the floor, and
said, One at a time, gentlemen. Our friends on
the other side of the House, Mr. Chairman, usu-
ally monopolize the time, and do all the speaking
here. It is so seldom that a gentleman on this
side of the House can obtain the floor, and partic-
ularly myself, that I am not willing to be deprived
of the benefit of my hour by such frequent inter-
ruptions. Sir, they frequently transfer the floor
from one to another for a considerable time, with-
out having the floor assigned to them by the offi-
cer presiding.
Mr. H. continued. I will say to gentlemen from
Missouri, and Tennessee, and Georgia, and Ken-
tucky, that if the Third Auditor decides their
claims, and decides them wrong, why do they not
come out before the country and prove they are
wrong, instead of abusing the officer who has
made the decision ? Why do they not take an ap-
peal to the Secretary of the Interior, and have the
decision reversed ?
Mr. HALL said they could not get an appeal.
Mr. HAYMOND. I am no lawyer, but I pre-
sume gentlemen have a right to appeal, if they are
not satisfied with the decision made by the Third
Auditor in reference to their claims.
Mr. _ DUNHAM. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me for a moment ?
Mr. HAYMOND. I cannot yield the floor.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] talked about his claims, last Summer some
time, when this question was before the House.
Now, as I have before remarked, I visited the
Third Auditor's office for the purpose of inquiring
about these claims. I made inquiry in relation to
these Kentucky claims, of which the gentleman
speaks, and I was informed that one of these
claims had been decided, and another had been laid
aside by the request of the claimant, in order to
enable him to procure additional testimony. I ask
the gentleman from Kentucky if I am right?
Mr. MARSHALL, (interposing.) The ref-
erence of the gentleman from Virginia to the claims
I have submitted to the bureau of the Third Audit-
or, affords me an opportunity to say, that in my
remark, that " if the bureau has decided a lost
horse case since the addition of the clerical force,
it has not been my good fortune to know the fact,
or to hear of it. I may have gone too far. I
am in possession of the fact communicated to me
by the Third Auditor, that ten cases, submitted by
me to his bureau, were allowed on the 1st qf April,
1850. Now, I do not recollect the exact date of
the law allowing the increased clerical force, and
it may be that these decisions were rendered since
the passage of that act. The fact on which I was
commenting was, that the increase of clerical force
was not an unerring sign that the business of the
bureau would be proportionably expedited, and
the exhibit of ten cases decided, whether before or
after the law, cannot affect the correctness of the
position taken.
The gentleman from Virginia must be satisfied,
from the concurring testimony of the gentlemen
from Georgia, Missouri, and others, who have
spoken to the point of delay in the business before
that bureau, that he has stirred up a hornets'nest,
which he should not have provoked. He must
be satisfied that my impressions were neither pe-
culiar to myself nor entertained by me only. I
deem it due to myself to remark, that in nothing I
have said in regard to the bureau, did I design to
reflect injuriously upon the character of its Chief
as a gentleman, or to assail in the slightest degree
his personal integrity. The manner of dispatch-
ing the public business, and the competency of
every official must, of course, be recognized as
falling within the range of legitimate remark. I
entertain no unkind feeling towards any of the
gentlemen whom I alluded to in my speech the
other day, and I regret that my opposition to the
proposition of the committee should have de-
manded the observations I deemad it my duty, and
within my province, to submit.
Mr. HAYMOND. I understood, the other
day, that the gentleman from Kentucky came here
with but two claims which his constituents had
presented him with, and that none of them had
been decided. I am glad, now, to find that he is-
herewith ten cases. I suppose that die Third
Auditor has gone to work on their examination
since the report of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Robinson,] and the speech made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky himself the other day.
That gentleman says the Third Auditor deserves
very little credit for deciding only ten cases out of
so many which have come in here from all the
States in the Union. Now, I think the gentleman
has no right to infer, that because these ten cases
have been decided that no other cases have been
decided. I hope the gentleman from Kentucky
has not come to the sage conclusion, that because
ten cases have been decided for him that no other
case has been acted upon
The gentleman from Kentucky, in his remarks
the other day, conveyed the idea that but one clerk
could be properly employed in the Third Auditor's
office in examining the rolls at the same time, and
therefore this additional force is entirely unneces-
sary, and cannot be profitably employed in that
business. Now, I supposed the gentleman was
sufficiently acquainted with military business to
know that there is at least one book for every
State, and that one clerk can be employed at each
book in examining the declarations which are ne-
cessarily sent to the Third Auditor's office. The
gentleman must certainly be aware that these
rolls are not all bound up in one volume and placed
where but one clerk can examine them at a time. I
think the gentleman from Kentucky has manifested
a little special pleading for the purpose of convict-
ing the Secretary of the Interior of having unneces-
sarily and improperly appointed this additional
clerical force when he had nothing for them to do,
and which would have certainly heen the case if
these rolls had been placed in such a condition that
but one clerk could examine them at a time, as the
gentleman's remarks would seem to imply.
I presume there are not only separate books,
containing the rolls for every State, but for every
regiment. I recollect, I had occasion to examine
