1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9
31 st Cong.....2d Sess.
Execution of the Bounty Land Law—Mr. Haymond.
Ho. of Refs.
the muster-roll of the 'regiment to which I be- |
longed m the war of 1813. This roll was made
out by myself, and there were not only a separate
roll 1oT the regiment, but for every company in the
regiment. I do not know how this may be in
other regiments, but I am sure there are separate
twoks enough, containing these rolls, that twenty
or thirty clerks might be profitably employed in
ihnr examination at the same time. I understand
fifteen of these clerks are constantly employed in
the examination of these rolls, and not one at a
time, as the gentleman from Kentucky intimates.
The *ent)einan from Kentucky talks about econ-
omizing—about keeping down the wasteful ex-
penditure of the public money. It seems that he
intends to commence his economy upon this bounty
land bill. The gentleman, like all the rest of us
who Toted for that bounty land bill, is extremely
anxious to see all the soldiers who are entitled to
bounty, get these warrants, and get them as speed-
ily as possible; but he, unlike many of us, is not
willing to rote the necessary force for issuing the
warrants.
Now, sir, if the gentleman from Kentucky
wishes to economize in the expenses of Govern-
ment—if he wishes to bring this Administration
to practical economy—let him not begin by refus-
ing to sanction the appointment of a few clerks to
expedite the public business, and expedite the is-
suing these land warrants for the benefit of those
soldiers, whose claims on the Government hare
been so long deferred, but let him look elsewhere.
Let him look at the vast amount of money which
is expended annually in maintaining our Army
aadNavy—at the vast amount of money expended
in erecting fortifications, which, in my opinion,
■re worse than useless.
I will say here, that I roted for the fortification
bill the last session with very great reluctance. I
Mr. MARSHALL. I roted against that bill. 1
Mr. HAYMOND. I am glad the gentleman
Toted against it, for I believe it involved -an ex-
penditure of money which was entirely unneces-
sary. I believe it was only calculated to give
employment to men who have been living upon
the Government for years.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have already extended my re-
marks to a greater length than I intended. When
I moved that the committee rise on yesterday I
had no intention of addressing the committee at
all. But, on further consideration, I deemed it my
duty to submit a few remarks in defence of the
Third Auditor, whom I believe has been unjustly
and unnecessarily assailed on this floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. "Will the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Hatmond] allow me to make
a remark ?
Mr. HAYMOND. I will yield the floor for an
explanation, but not for the purpose of making a
speech. It is seldom that I get the floor, and 1
dislike to be interrupted.
Mr. HARALSON. I asked the privilege of
the floor for an explanation a few moments since,
and was refused.
Mr. HAYMOND. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hakalion.]
Mr. HARALSON. During a temporary ab-
sence from the House, 1 understand allusion was
made by the gentleman from Virginia to certain
claims presented by citizens of the State of Geor-
gia at the Third Auditor's office, and that he made
some comments upon those claims. Not hearing
his remarks, I shall not be able to reply to them
fully. If what I have heard from others as to the
character of those remarks be true, I can only say
he is mistaken as to the facts. The justice of
these claims will be vindicated and sustained at
the proper place and time. The report upon the
claims presented from my district in Georgia was
made after the claims had been filed nearly two
years. As that report has been sent to the claim-
ants, it is impossible for me to recollect the points
decided in the various cases. The length of time
these cases remained unattended to in that office
is the matter of which 1 think those claimants had
reason to complain. Those claims were either
neglected, or there must have been a press of busi-
ness in that office, which called loudly for the
legislation of Congress to afford the clerical force
sufficient to have that business transacted. Taking
the more liberal view of this subject, at last ses-
sion I cheerfully voted for nine additional clerks
for that office. I expected when these additional
clerks were appointed, to see some greater prog-
ress made in this business. Learning, however,
during the last session, that there had been but 1
little progress made, and as the settlement of three
months' extra pay to the soldiers of the Mexican
war had been transferred from the Pay Depart-
ment to the Second Auditor, I did seek to nave
the claims for lost horses also added to the duties
of that office, as a matter of greater convenience to
the claimants,and, as I believed, to the promotion
of the public interest. Neither in this nor in any
other matter have I intended to reflect on the offi-
cial character or conduct of the Third Auditor. I
make no charge against that officer. As far as
his deportment as a gentleman is concerned, I
must say he has always treated me politely.
Whenever I had occasion to call upon him for the
purpose of transacting business in his office, I have
been treated by him with uniform courtesy and
kindness. It was of the delay in the adjudica-
tion of the claims I believed I had reason to
complain, and this, I think, was more properly
chaigeable to an old, and, as I believe, ineffi-
cient clerk at the head of the bureau where these
claims are audited. If I would blame the Third
Auditor, it would be for keeping such a subal-
tern in his office as a clerk. It is unfortunate
for the claimants that the Third Auditor seems
to have unbounded confidence in this clerk—a
clerk who, from my observation and in my be-
lief, is less anxious to ascertain the true merits of
a claim than he is to find some objection to it.
This I believe to have been the case with some of
the claims from Georgia. They had been filed
some fifteen months, as well as I remember, with-
out any action on them. I became tired of giving
excuses for it to the claimants, who were fre-
quently inquiring by letter for the causes of the
delay. And I aid everything but take up my
lodgings at that office to get them taken up. I
even threw away all delicacy and importuned for
a decision. The report finally came against all
the claims—some rejected, ana the balance sus-
pended, most of them being only suspended. The
name of the Third Auditor was appended to the
decision or report; but I will do him the justice
to say, I doubt whether he ever looked into it
himself. I think he left the matter entirely to the
care of his clerk. I make the remark in no un-
kindness to the Third Auditor, for it cannot be
expected that he can carefully examine every re-
port made by his clerks, although it is made his
duty to sign it. I believe he has the capacity to
decide the claims correctly if he had examined
them himself. It is to his unbounded confidence
in a clerk, who I believe to be totally unsuited to
his place, that I have reason to complain, and so
long as he remains at his desk to decide upon
these claims, I have but little hope of ever receiv-
ing any favorable action upon the claims coming
from Georgia.
Mr. HAYMOND. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has made a sufficient explanation in relation to
those horse claims.
Mr. HARALSON. Not at all. I am not yet
through.
Mr. HAYMOND. I am disposed to give the
gentleman from Georgia all the time he desires for
explanation.
Mr. HARALSON. I was proceeding to say
I had well-nigh lost all hope of the final settlement
of these claims; for if I remember correctly, one
of the decisions of the clerk (once overruled by
the Third Auditor, but again adhered to in the re-
port upon the cases) requires a specific statement
in detail by the captain of all the facts stated by the
claimant—a repetition of them, as I understand it,
instead of a general verification of the facts stated
by the claimant. The captain having removed from
Georgia, makes the expense and trouble of prepar-
ing the evidence to suit the taste of Mr. Gunton
too great to be undertaken upon so great an uncer-
tainty. Although greatly discouraged in my hope
for these claims, in the present state of things, I
will, however, cooperate with those who think a
still greater number of clerks are wanting in that
office. I shall withhold nothing which may be
asked for to expedite the adjudication and settle-
ment of these claims, orany other claims in any of
the offices, against the Government. As additional
duties and labors have been imposed upon the
Third Auditor's office, by the necessary investiga-
! tions growing out of the act of 28th September
last, I consider it proper to give him additional
force, and will so vote.
Mr. HAYMOND. I believe now that the
House will agree with me that I was right in what
I stated in relation to this matter: That these
thirty-nine claims of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Haralson,] presented at the last session,
have been decided against him. It may be, because
Georgia, not being so successful as she had been
upon another memorable occasion, in obtaining
money from the Treasury, he comes to the con-
clusion that the Third Auditor has not done his
constituents justice. I believe that, although Geor-
gia had been knocking at the public Treasury,
these claims from Georgia have been decided
against the claimant.
In many of these cases which members of Con-
gress present to. the Third Auditor, and in the
presentation of which they are interested, they
not only press the auditor to decide in their favor,
but urge him to take them out of their turn. Be-
ing members of Congres^f they think that this
preference should be given them over other citi-
zens. Why, I was told by the Third Auditor,
that before he had been confirmed by the Senate,
a member of Confess went to him, and threat-
ened that he would complain to the Senators, if
he did not take his case out of its turn. I under-
stand that the reason why the Third Auditor has
decided these claims agains this gentleman's con-
stituents, or other gentlemen's constituents is, that
in many cases—in a very large proportion of them,
where the soldiers have lost their horses, they
have received their money from the Government,
while in Mexico, and afterwards, they come here
and ask to be paid for them again. I understand
that is one reason why many of these claims have
been rejected. In relation to those thirty-nine
claims, 1 find from the explanation of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Haralson,} that what I
stated was entirely correct. These are the eases of
which the gentleman complains as not having
been decided by the Third Auditor in his speech
the last Summer. The gentleman wanted to take
away some of the duties of that officer and trans-
fer them to the gentleman from Georgia,Mr. Clay-
ton, the Second Auditor, who always gives right
decisions. I have no doubt he is a very fine officer.
I have no fault to find with him, for I think him
one amongst the best officers of the Government.
. But I think there are people in the other States who
1 will do business as well as the gentleman from
, Georgia. The facts in regard to the decision of
these claims, I understand to be that they have
been decided against the claimants, for the reasons
I have stated, and no appeal has been taken;
which is to some extent evidence they were de-
cided rightly.
Mr. HARALSON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia to say, that all these claims
are decided against on the ground that they had
been paid in Mexico ?
Mr. HAYMOND. I am not certain that all
these thirty-nine claims were refused to be allowed
upon the ground that the gentleman who fur-
nished the horses was the main witness to estab-
lish the propriety of allowing these claims. I un-
derstood he had purchased one or more of them
at something like half the nominal value, and had
given his certificate certifying as to the justice of
these claims. The Third Auditor decided, and I
think rightly, that the evidence of this party
was inadmissible, as he was the only party in in-
terest, as to the case or cases that had been trans-
1 ferredtohim.
Mr. HARALSON. ' He held no interest in any
of the claims presented by me.
Mr. DISNEY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Haymond,] I de-
sire simply to make a remark or two in relation te
the matter of appeal in the cases from the decision
of the Third Auditor.
There is no such right in existence. I have
tried it myself. In a case which I had myself, not
being satisfied with the decision, I appealed to the
Secretary of W ar. Upon an examination of the
case, he refused the appeal,and took the ground
that he had no jurisdiction over the decision of the
! Auditor. Being under the apprehension that the
I! decision of that officer was not correct, I took the
