96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 23,
31st Cong 2d Sess. Reorganization of the State Department—Mr. McClernand.
Ho. of Reps.
ease to the President of the United States, and
presented my reasons for not being satisfied with
tiie decision. He seemed to concur with me. The
case was finally referred to the Attorney General,
who made a decision that there was no appeal from
the decision of the Auditor.
Mr. HAYMOND. I do not know anything
about the decisions to which the gentleman refers.
I know that there were appeals taken from the de-
cision of the Commissioner of Pensions. It was
my impression that there were appeals taken from
the decisions of all the Bureaus—certainly they
should be allowed. Well, sir, my opinion is, that
these gentlemen members, who are attending to
these claims, are anxious to have this money al-
lowed to their constituents, whom they represent,
and therefore they believe that their claims and
vouchers are sufficient to authorize the officer to de-
cide favorably for the applicants, without due con-
sideration and without proper reflection.
The reason why the Third Auditor rejects so ma-
ny of the horse claims, is the fact, that the claimants
sold their horses to the Government, and receiving
full pay for them, th%y now desire to have their
horses paid for again, on the ground that they were
lost. For the above reasons a large .number of
these claims have been rejected. Here are three
or four cases provided for by law, in which claims
for horses are allowed. A law of Congress pro-
vides for the payment of claims for horses that are
lost. One case is, in which the horse is killed in
battle; another, where he dies of wounds received
in battle; another, where he is turned out to the
commons, by order of the commanding officer,
and is lost; and the fourth is, where he diea for
want of sufficient provender being furnished by the
Government. These are the four cases provided
for by law, where horses that are lost are paid for,
according to my present recollection. I appeal to
gentlemen to say, whether a soldier who has lost
his horse from any other cause than those I have
mentioned, would be entitled to compensation under
the existing laws.
I ask whether it is right that he should demand
compensation from this Government, under any
other circumstances than those specified by law?
If this law is not sufficiently broad in its terms
to cover such cases members desire should be
paid, let the law-making power make the neces-
sary amendments, but do not require the heads of
bureaus to usurp high powers by taking jurisdic-
tion of and allowing claims not authorized by law
to be paid.
If you present a case that does not come within
the provisions of the law and insist on its pay-
ment, you ask that officer to grant demands wnich
he is not authorized to grant, and the granting of
which Krould justly render him obnoxious to all
wise and just men.
Mr. MOORE obtained the floor, and remarked
that he intended to say but a few words, and
should not have participated in the running fight
at all, if it had not been for what he considered
some ungenerous remarks which had been made
in reference to the executive officers of the Gov-
ernment, by some of the gentlemen who had par-
ticipated in the debate. And he must say, that he
considered the remarks made by his honorable
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] in his
speech upon the bill reported by the select com-
mittee, as entirely uncalled-for, as applicable to
the executive officers of our Government gener-
ally, and especially as applicable to the Third
Auditor of the Treasury ^Department. He could
not remember all the denunciatory remarks used
by that gentleman in the course of his speech, but
he had a confused recollection of " the patient's
being in a comatose state, Cerbonian bogs," and
other phrases of this nature, with which that
speech was embellished; and he also remembered
an intimation, that the additional clerical force
asked for in that bill was only wanted to increase
executive patronage! It is true, the honorable
gentleman has since somewhat qualified his lan-
guage on this subject, by saying that he meant
" he would not vote for these additional clerks
merely for the purpose of increasing executive
patronage." All he had to say to this was, that
no member of that committee, or friend of the bill,
asked or expected him to vote for it for any such
reason, but for the reason that this additional
force was actually necessary to a speedy and
prompt execution of the bounty land act of last
session. And he was somewhat surprised to hear
such sentiments from one who professed to be, not
only a friend of the Administration, but was at
the time of the passage of the' bounty land act,
and he believed is now, anxious to be considered
a friend of the poor soldier, as he has not unfre-
quently termed them. He thought the honorable
gentleman was taking a very singular method of
demonstrating his friendship either for the Admin-
istration or the soldiers who were to be benefited
by the bounty land act. As for the intimation
that this clerical force was wanted to increase ex-
ecutive patronage, he would say to that gentle-
man, that there was not an officer of the Govern-
ment, from the chief Executive down to the
lowest officer in any of the departments, who has
the appointing power, but would not in his (Mr.
M.'s) opinion, willingly submit to a reduction
of their salary, to be relieved from this most diffi-
cult and unpleasant of all the duties they have to
perform. He ventured to say that they would
return a vote of thanks to Congress if it would, in
any manner, relieve them from this duty. He did
not, however, desire to multiply words on this
subject. The honorable gentleman would have
j them believe that he was a friend of the poor sol-
, dier, and he (Mr. M.) did not doubt but that he
; was; but how did he manifest it? Why, by tell-
ing the House that he should vote against the bill
authorizing these additional clerks. The effect of
which vote would be, if it prevented the passage
of the bin, to delay the effective operation of the
bounty land act so long, that hundreds and thou-
sands of those now living, and for whose benefit
the law was enacted, would be in their graves, and
I beyond the reach of its provisions, long before it
! could be carried into effect! And the honorable
gentleman talked as if the various bureaus in the
departments connected with the operation of this
act had nothing to do but to go to work at once
and carry its provisions into effect; for he said, or
intimated, that there was already sufficient cleri-
cal force in those bureaus, if they would but go to
work and attend to their business; and he in-
stanced the Third Auditor's office in particular.
He (Mr. M.) believed that it was in this part
of his speech that he spoke of " Cerbonian bogs,"
&c. Now, if the honorable gentleman believed
there was no duty to perform in that office except
to attend to this bounty land act, he would refer
him to a statement, which he held in his hand, of
| some of the business before that office, which had
been made by order of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and from which he could get the following
facts:
1 [For statement, see foot of next column.*]
' Now, Mr. Chairman, this does not look as if
1 there was any want of business at that office, or
that none of the business sent there was attended
to; and as for the attention of the Third Auditor
(Mr. Gallaher) to his duties, he (Mr. M.) most
cheerfully responded to the language of the hon-
orable gentlemen from Indiana and Connecticut,
who yesterday gave testimony in behalf of that
gentleman; and he would say unhesitatingly—and
he spoke somewhat from practical observation—
that he did not believe there was a bureau in any
Department of the Government where more duty
was performed, and more business transacted,
than in thisThird Auditor's office. And he should
| most cheerfully vote for the additional clerks
: asked for by the select committee, if he could get
I an opportunity of so doing; if not, he should then
vote for the amendment to the appropriation bill
'which the chairman of that committee had said
he intended to move, for he believed these clerks
; were actually necessary to the prompt operation
j of the bounty land act of last session.
RE-organization of the state depart-
ment.
Mr. McCLERNj^ND said: I believe it to be
allowable, according to the practice that has long
prevailed in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to discuss in that committee any
matter affecting the state of the Union, and of
course within that limit, any matter affecting the
organization and the administration of the several
departments of the Government. As an example
of this truth, I may refer to the debate which
took place yesterday and to-day on this bill. The
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] who
opened this debate, directed his remarks to a dif-
ferent bill, on another subject not at all before the
committee, relating to the condition and the ad-
ministration of the Department of the Interior.
After him the debate was continued by a gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hampton,] who
spoke on a different subject, relating to alleged de-
fects in, and to the operation of the existing tariff
law, and to-day a course of debate equally wide
and various has been pursued. In view, there-
fore, of what appears to be the established practice
in this respect, and after the examples quoted, I
suppose it will be equally in order for me to ad-
dress myself to still another subject, falling within
the range already recognized and sanctioned.
I propose, sir, to speak in favor of a reorganiza-
tion of the Department of State, and of a retrench-
ment in the expenditures growing out of the ser-
vice amenable to that Department; and for the pur-
pose of presenting the subject to the committee in
a tangible form, I will send to the Clerk's desk to
be read, a bill introduced by me some time since,
and which, as a member of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, I will report to the House by their
instruction at the first opportunity. I propose,
sir, to speak on this subject now, and in connection
with the bill mentioned, because by doing so I
will probably save time hereafter, which it may be
cannot be so well spared by the business of the
House for debate.
* Statement shovnnr the number of cases of all descriptions
pending in the Office of the Third Auditor on the 5th
March, 1849, the number pending one year, two yeqrt,
and three yean, and the aggregate pending on the 5th
March, 1849; also the casts pending on the 1st Ifooim-
ber, 1850, and the whole number settled during that pe-
riod. Prepared in obedience tl an order of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. October 25, 1850.
Number
pending.
Engineer Depnrtm't
Quartermaster's De-
partment 
Subsistence Depart-
ment 
Pension Agents..
Miscellaneous cases
of claims growing
out of the Mexican
war for supplies,
&c., in tbe Quar-
termr's and Sub-
sistence Depart-!
ments other tlian
those embraced in
the accounts of dis-
bursing officers and
agents j
Cases under the act!
of 5th July, 1832,!
for liquidating and
paying certain!
claims of the State!
of Virginia, being1
half-pay to officers!
of the Virginia]
State troops in the
war of the Bevo-
lution; received
and settled be
tween March 5,
1849, and Novem
ber 1, 1850 
0> *0 .
a ® ®
•2*jg
r « <D i
a) H ^
Hi
Number.
< '
02 1601 183 405 375 780 476
II 1 1
6 229 9221157 13112468 696
16 17910001195,
£
24
35
59
369
369
1624 2819 20761
1003,1062 1014
304
1843
743
48
7281097 630 477
55
55
55
841592 2509 3185 5096 82814867 3414
Third Auditor's Office, November 18,1850.
In addition to these, there are not less than 10,000 horse
claims, extending from the war of 1812 through all the In-
dian warsand the Mexican war.
These are never permitted to die. Such as are not paid
are renewed in every possible form and shape, and require
repeated reports.
Not less than 800 pages of reports have been made on
these since the 4th of March, 1849.
Some of the Quartermasters' accounts embrace twelve
millions of dollars, and Colonel Hunt's contained nearly
twelve thousand vouchers in the shape of drafts, receipts,&c.
The bounty land cages are an additional labor.
