1851.]
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9T
31st Cong -2n Sess. Reorganization of the State Department—Mr. McCkrnand. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
a bill to reorganize aud improve the efficiency of the
Departmeut of State.
Be it enacted by the Scnufte ar.d House of Representa-
tives of the United States o f .Ifierica in Congress assem-
bled. That an officer shall be appointed in the State Depart-
ment, by tlie Secretary of State, to be called the Assistant
Secretary of State, whose salary shall be $3,000 per nu-
llum, who «h:>ll perform such dtitie- as shall be assigned to
liim by the Secretar\ of State.
Sec. 3. -In/I be it further enacted. That it shall be law-
ful for the Secretary of State to em p!o\, in addition to the
clerks authorized by existing laws, four principal clerks,
whose salaries, respectively, shall not exceed the sum of
$*•2,000 per annum; and one cletk whose salary shall not
exceed .^1,400 per annum.
Amendment reported by the committee:
Sec. 3. .in7 be it further cnaeted, That whenever any
diplomatic representative of the United State at a foreigu
Government, shall be abaent from his legation, and not in
consequence of any order or instruction of the Departmeni
of State to that ctfect, his salary during such absence shall
be suspended and become forfeited to the United States, ami
so much thereof may be paid over, under the direction of
the Departmeut of State, to any agent who shall have per-
formed the duties of the legation during such absence, un-
der the instruction of said Department^ &s shall not exceed
the salary of a Charge d1 AtT^t 'rof the United States fnr the
same time: Provided. That the receipt of -such compensa-
tion by such temporary agent shall be taker to be a full re-
nunciation and discharge of his claim to any other <,>(■ itir-
ther compensation f"r til. same time.
Mr. JOYCES. I rise to a point of order. Does
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs offer what has been read as an amendment
to the pending bill?
Mr. MeCLERNAND. Not at ail. I have
caused the paper to be read, as indicating the form
of the subject to which I expect to speak; but I
will say, that if it be the disposition of any member
to interrupt me by a point of order, I would prefer
that lie should do so now, as I should dislike to be
arrested in the course of my remarks after having
progressed with them for a time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is iu order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Having, then, the
opinion of the Chair in nay favor, I will proceed
at once with my remarks.
Having examined the subjee.t "indicated by the
bill which"has been read, I am persuaded of its
merit, and will endeavor to satisfy the members
of the committee that timely action should be ta-
ken upon it. I am fortified in this view by the
opinions of those who have had the best opportu-
nities of forming a correct judgment in regard to
it. Mr. Calhoun, as I understand, expressed the
opiniofl^Mther during or after the close of his ad-
minisl^^Pn of the Department of State, that ur-
fent reasons existed for a reorganization of that
lepartment. So I have been informed by the
gentleman from the Charleston district in South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes;] and on his authority I
make the statement. The successors of Mr. Cal-
houn have corroborated his authority on this sub-
ject. Mr. Buchanan, in a communication address-
ed by him as Secretary of State to the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee in 1846, said:
'' A year has now elapsed since the present
' Secretary took charge of this Department; and
' the conviction has been forced upon him, that in
' the diplomatic consular branches, it is wholly in-
' adequate to perform the duties which it owes to
' the country."
Mr. Clayton and Mr. Webster successively ad-
dressed a like communication, in the same char-
acter, to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and means, [Mr. Bayly,] of which the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs has been
furnished with copies; together with a note from
Mr. Webster on the same subject.
Mr. Clayton says: "The pressure of public
' business requires that some additional force should
' be appointed and provided for, without delay,"
&c. "It will be impossible, with the present
' force in the Department, though with the devo-
' tion of all my time to the public service, to pre-
' vent injury from the want of clerical force, to
' the public interest."
Mr. Webster adds what is equally pointed and
decisive. He says: " That there is a deficiency
' of force to dispatch the business of the Depart-
'ment with promptitude, is certain," &c.
The reasons upon which these opinions are
founded, will be found in the history of the De-
partment of State. The act of 1789, creating the
office of " Foreign Affairs'' devolves on the head of
that Department the labor and responsibility of
New Sebies—No. 7.
: managing our diplomatic relations with foreign
Governments, ana of conducting the correspond-
ence between the Department and the consuls and
commercial agents of the United States abroad.
A subsequent act, passed in the same year,
changes the name of the Department to that of
the " Department of State;" but preserves all its j
duties in the same charge.
Other acts of later dates add largely to the duties
and responsibilities of the Department—such duties
as the custody of the enrolled acts and resolutions
of Congress, and the distribution of copies of the
same and other documents among the States and
Territories, and other authorized recipients; the
publication of the laws and treaties; the disburse-
ment of the-apprapriations for all these objects, and
fqr the eoaipensation of our diplomatic agents, and
fair the payment of the contingent expenses of our
foreign intercourse and of our.missions abroad;
the custody of publications transmitted to the De-
pai'tolent under the lawa relating to copyrights; the
recording and indexing their titles; the custody t£
,the seals of the United States and of the Depart-
ments; the authentication of papers presented for
that purpose; the preparingand recoiling pardons
and remissions, and the registering and filing the •
petitions and papers on which the same are found-
ed; the making out and recording commissions,
letters of appointment, nominations to the Senate,
exequiters on foreign commissions; the receiving
the returns of passengers and seamen from the
various customhouses; the collection of informa-
tion respecting the changes and modifications in j
the commercial systems of other nations, and the
communication of annual reports of the same to i
Congress. All these, and other duties too numer-;
ous to mention here, are devolved on the Depart- j
ment. j
Now, the question arises: Has the increase of;
clerical force in the Department kept pace with !
the increase of its business? Not at all. In 1789,
when the present Government went into operation, |
the force employed in the " Office of Foreign Af-
1 fairs" consisted of five persons, including the:
Secretary: our population at that date being less I
than four millions. The present force employed
in the same Department in conducting the diplo-
matic and foreign business of the Union consists
of ten persons, our population, being now near
twenty-five millions. Again: in 1818, the force
employed in the Department, including the Secre-
tary, consisted of eiet?en persons; our missions |
abroad at that time being seven, and our consulates '
sixty-seven. Now, in 1851£he force in the same
Department, including the iWretary, consists of!
fifteen persons; our missions abroad being twenty-
eight, and our consulates one hundred •and ninety-
two, whilst the resident missions in the United
States are nineteen, and the foreign consulates in
the United States are about three hundred.
But, sir, this is not all. The clerical force in
the Department of State has not only not kept
pace with the rapid expansion of our national rela-
tions, and with the vast increase of our foreign
intercourse, but neither has it kept pace with the
increase of the like force in the other Departments
of the Government. I am not prepared to state
at this moment what was the number of clerks
employed in the other Departments in 1789, but I
am satisfied it bore a very small proportion to the
present number. According to the Blue Book for
1849, the number of clerks employed that year in
the Department of the Treasury was 332
Thewiumber in the Department of War 64
The number in the Department of the Navy.. 53.
The number in the Post Office Department -50
The number in the Department of the Interior. 125
Whilst compared with these, the number em-1
ployed in the Department of State is only four-!
teen.
This comparison exhibits results both striking
and interesting. It proves that whilst there has
been an extraordinary, and almost an alarming
increase of the clerical force and of expense of the
other Departments, there has hardly been any rela-
tive increase of either in the'Department of State—
a circumstance which, of itself, is highly creditable
to the economy of that Department, and which, in
fairness, ought to commend its claim to legislative
aid to the favorable consideration of Congress.
And whilst this is true in regard to that Depart-
ment, it is no less true that its achievements nave
been quite as valuable and as brilliant as those of
I the other Departments; for, it will be recollected
I that it was through the agency of this Department
i that Louisiana and Florida were successively ac-
quired from France and Spain; and that New
M-exico, and California with her mines of gold,
were lately acquired from the Mexican Republic
as a crowning act of peace, terminating an expen-
sive and painful war. Nor will it be forgotten that
it was through the firmness and patriotism of a"
minister amenable to this Department, that the
freedom of the seas and the inviolability of the
American flag was saved from the domination of
a daring and menacing combination of crowned
heads—I refer to the luminous and justly-celebrated
protest of General Cass against the right of search
professed by certain European cabinets. Nor is
: it less likely to be forgotten, that it was through
the instrumentality of the present Secretary of
State that the noble principles of our Government,
and the still broader principles of humanity, were
upheld by a giant's strength, in the late correspond-
ence between Mr. Websterand the Austrian Minis-
ter at this Government. The reply of Mr. Web-
ster to Mr. Hulsemann, will probably be considered
by his countrymen, and that justly, as the chef
| d auvre of his distinguished public career. It is
a noble act nobly done.
It has already been stated, that fourteen clerks
in all were employed in the Department of State,
but it is proper to explain that six of this number
are employed on the miscellaneous business of the
Department—one being disbursing agent, another
! translator, a third clerk of appointments and com-
■' missions, a fourth clerk of the rolls and archives,
I a fifth clerk of authentications and copyrights,
j and the sixth clerk of pardons and passports.
Besides these, there is the chief clerk, who super-
intends the business of the Department generally,
under the direction of the Secretary, and who, m
the absence of the latter, receives persons having
i business with it—leaving, after this deduction,
j only seven clerks, in all, in chaise of the diplomatic
. and consular branches of the Department.
This small force is applied, as far as possible, by
the Secretary to meet the exigencies of the jpblic
service; but of course without attaining the falle3t
1 success. To one of the seven clerks is assigned
all the diplomatic correspondence with the nations
on the Continent of America, and all business in-
cident thereto: such as answering letters from
individuals, replying to inquiries from committees,
and collecting and arranging the materials for re-
sponding to the calls of Congress; to another, all
that with great Britain, Prance, Russia, the Neth-
erlands, and China; and to the third, that with all
the remaining nations of the world. The two lat-
ter are assistsd by two copyists, who are also re-
quired to perform other service. The remaining
two are placed in charge of the business of the
consular section of the Department: one having
charge of the correspondence with, and relating
to, our consulates on the American continent and
some of the islands, and. the other of that with
those in Europe and the rest of the globe. Hence
it follows, that only Jive clerks are employed in
the diplomatic branch, two of whom are copyists,
and two only in the consular branch of the Depart-
ment; the whole making up the entire machinery
engaged in conducting the business arising out of
our foreign and commercial relations with all the
flowers of the earth. The statement of the case
eaves no room for doubt—it proves itself; espe-
cially when compared with that of the British
" Foreign Office," which employs thirty-nine per-
sous, consisting of one principal Secretary of State,
two Under Secretaries, one chief clerk with two
clerks attached, six senior clerks, one librarian
and keeper of the papers, one sub-librarian and
two assistant clerks, one translator, and one pre-
cis writer—constituting an aggregate force nearly
two thirds larger than that employed in the State
1 Department of this Government.
I come now, sir, to consider the organization of
the Department, which I hold to be quite as de-
fectiye as its clerical force is deficient. The laws
defining and regulating the duties of the Secretary,
devolve on him the decision of every question
arising in the course ofthe business of the Depart-
ment, and requires him to sign every paper issuing
from it. He must supervise and direct every-
thing, not only generally, but in its minutest de-
