1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
31st (Jong 2d Sess.
The Tariff Question—Mr. Hampton.
Ho. of Reps.
for the interest of Alabama than for that of the j
rest of the country. I shall endeavor to prove |
this when I make my remarks, if I should De so i
fortunate as to be able to have the Committee on
Public Lands called for reports before the termina-
tion of this session, which I doubt very much.
But in the event that I shall not have an opportu-
nity of laying these facts and figures, and this
valuable information before the House—in case I
shall not have any opportunity of making these
reports during the present session of Congress, I
shall write out my speech and submit it to the
country.
Mr. BAYLY. I understand the object of the
rule, which allows the member reporting a bill to
close the debate, to be, that he may defend the
bill from the objections which are made to it. As
there has been nothing said in the course of this
debate about the bill, 1 have nothing to reply to,
but I intended to have thrown myself upon the
indulgence of the committee, and to have said a
word or two in defence of the Third Auditor, if I
it had not been so well done already. I have
known that gentleman for the last fifteen years.
Our acquaintance commenced in the Legislature
of Virginia, where he was an active, industrious,
and useful member. I afterwards knew him as
the editor of the Richmond Whig, in which he
used very frequently to assail me with a good
deal of bitterness, but I bear no malice against
any one; and I take very great pleasure in endors-
ing what my colleague nas said of him.
Mr. AVERETT. While I feel a high re-
spect 
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Virginia that by the order of
the House all debate on this bill terminates at the j
present hour- I
Mr. AVERETT. Then I move to strike out j
the first section of the bill. Like my colleague,-1
feel a high respect for the Third Auditor  j
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must confine himself to the subject-matter of |
the first section of the bilL [Laughter.] 1
Mr. AVERETT. I understand the bill fo make
an appropriation for the Third Auditor's office,
a.nd it is that pouitto which I wish to address my
remarks.
Mr. BURT. I should be glad to know how
many sections there are in the bill, and whether the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia is not
equivalent to a motion to strike out the whole bill? :
The CHAIRMAN. That is the motion of the
gentleman.
Mr. BURT. Then I raise the point of order,
and submit, with great respect to the Chair, wheth-
er a motion to strike out the whole of the bill is in
order or not?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order to move to strike out any part of the bill.
Mr. BURT. But this is a motion to strike out
the whole of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a motion to strike out
the first section.
Mr. BURT. I understand that there is but one
section to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Virginia to move to strike out
all after the enacting clause. ;
Mr. AVERETT. I have but very little to say,
and I can say with perfect candor, that in the re-
marks which I am about to make I shall display '
no feeling of hostility—for I have none—towards
the incumbent of this office. I shall speak against
the bill because it provides for extra clerks in an
office whose functions are notproperly'performed.
The little experience in business matters that I have
had in that office, warrants me in proclaiming this:
that what has been said by gentlemen here in 1
respect to the mannner in which claims are dealt
with in that office is true. I will state a case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Virginia that he is speaking
against his own motion. That portion of the bill
which relates to the Commissioner of Pensions
proposes to give him additional force, so as to en-
able him better to perform the duties of his office,
and the gentleman from Virginia moves to strike ,
out that provision. '
Loud cries of " Question !" " question!"
Mr. PHELPS. I submit to the Chair whether
the gentleman cannot speeds: to that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled the
gentleman out of order.
[ Mr. STRONG moved that the committee rise.
' Several members demanded tellers; and they
were ordered. I
The question being taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Thomas and Haralson,) there were found to be—
ayes 51, noes 50.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the negative; so the
committee refused to rise.
Mr. FOWLER moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. BAYLY said that that could not be done,
as there were several amendments to be offered.
Mr. FOWLER withdrew his motion.
Mr. AVERETT. My purpose in moving an
amendment is to enable me to make a few re-
marks in regard to the business of the Third Aud-
itor's office, about which we have heard so much
talking, in order and out of order. I am for re-
ducing the number of clerks which it is proposed
to allow that officer one third, and submit that
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is reminded that there is no provision in this i
bill for clerks in the Third Auditor's office.
Mr. AVERETT. But there is for compensa-
tion to clerkf in that office.
Mr. ROBINSON. If i^ is in order, I wish to
offer an amend, lent.
! The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
j Mr. ROBINoON. I wish to give the gentle-
i man an opportunity to conclude his remarks.
I Mr. AVERETT. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman.
Mr. ROBINSON. I send to the Chair an
amendment, which I beg leave to offer in relation
to the numbe of clerks in the Third Auditor's
; office, to come in after the clause in relation to the
First Auditor's office.
Mr. BAYLY raised the point of order, that the
committee had not yet come to the Consideration
of that clause of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of or-
der, and ruled the amendment out of order.
the tariff .question.
SPEECH OF MR. HAMPTON,
of pennsylvania,
Is the House op l^presentatives,
Friday, Janto/^iS, 1850.
The House having resolved itself into Commit-
: tee of the Whole on the^tote of the Union,
Mr. HAMPTON obtflied the floor and said:
I Mr. Chairman: I have very seldom tresspassed
i on the time or patience of the House or committee
I during the short period I have been a member of
i this body. And I am only induced now to de-
part from that line of conduct which has hitherto
' governed me, because I feel it my imperative duty
to spread before the committee and the country,
some facts and arguments to induce, if possible,
speedy legislation on a subject in which the peo-
ple whom I have the honor to represent, in com-
mon with a large majority of the laboring classes
of this country, are deeply interested. My re-
marks are not so much intended for home con-
sumption, as to produce, if possible, a'favorable
impression on the minds of gentlemen on this floor,
towards the object sought to be accomplished; and,
therefore, if it would not be unreasonable to ex-
pect it, or out of order to ask it, I would respect-
fully solicit their attention.
I propose, Mr. Chairman, to advance some ar-
guments in favor of a modification of the existing
tariff, together with, such facts as may serve to
show its necessity. And here a difficulty is pre-
sented in the very outset, to know what points or
facts of this important subject, can be discussed
with the most advantage, and yet consume the
least time. A full and thorough examination of
the great question, in all its bearings, of adequate
protection and encouragement to American labor,
capital, and enterprise, would require many days;
so that nothing more than a very imperfect view of
some of the principal points involved, c^n
crowded into the brief period of art hpur.
The doctrine of protection to American labpr has
been denounced by some as a humbug—apolitical
hobby, to gull and deceive the people, and advo-
cated only for party purposes; as a scheme to
make the rich richer and the poor poorer; calcu-
lated only to benefit the large capitalist at the ex-
pense of the laborer, and thus eventually to create
an impassable gulf between the rich and the poor,
the capital and labor—the "lords of the loom,"
and " the toiling millions" of the country. Let us
examine this subject for a few moments, and see
whether these charges be well-founded or not.
Does capital, as such, need any legislative pro-
tection in this country? None whatever, but that
which is afforded by the laws of all civilized na-
tions to person and property. The countless mil-
lions invested in commerce need only protection
from piracy by sea, and robbery on land. No
aid is invoked to protect the millions more invest-
ed in banking operations, and stocks of various
kinds, which comprise a very large amount of the
actual capital of the country. The land-speculators
and money-lenders of the country make the largest
profits, when the least protection is afforded to
labor. In short, the avenues to wealth by the
profitable investment of capital are so numerous
in this country, that it has Wen matter of surprise
to me, that, amidst the fluctuations and instability
of legislation for the last quarter of a century,
any man should be found willing to risk his capi-
tal in manufacturing establishments'.
But suppose you withdraw all protection from
the manufacturing interests of the country, will
you thereby "break down the rich and build up
the poor?" The manufacturer, under a system
of free trade, perceives at once, that he cannot
con^te in the market with his foreign rival, for
reasons which will be noticed presently. He de-
termines to change his investments—discharges
his hands, closes his establishment, winds up nis
business, collects his money, sends it off to Eu-
rope, and becomes an importer of the very articles
he had been engaged in manufacturing; and when
all home competition is thus destroyed, the im-
porters have entire control of the market, and can
realize as large profits as the utmost stretch of
their avarice might lead them to desire. Or, in-
stead of becoming an importer, he could turn his
attention to the purchase of real, estate, attend
sheriffs' sales, and purchase the houses and lots
| of the poor who had been turned out of employ-
ment, for half their value, and in that way build
up a large fortune. He might turn broker, and
grow rich on the necessities of the poor, struggling
1 to sustain themselves, until some door of hope be
opened, by which they may enter and be saved
from utter ruin. In short, money has always been
able to take care of itself.
1 What, then, is it that needs protection, in this
i country ? Why can we not manufacture as cheaply
! here as they can in Europe ? The correct answer
I to those questions solves the difficulty. Living is
1 as cheap here as there—rents as low—the raw ma-
terial cheaper—capital and skill sufficient for our
purposes—all these things being equal, why do we
ask for legislative aid? What interest needs pro-
tection? I answer, labor. At least nine tenths of
the value of nearly all manufactured articles con-
sist in the labor bestowed upon them, and the in-
equality in the price of labor in Europe and this
country, constitutes the chief, and almost the only
reason why the fostering hand of Government is
invoked in behalf of American labor. The aver-
age price paid for labor in Europe does not exceed
twenty, or twenty-five cents a day; while here it
amounts to from seventy-five cents to a dollar and
a half—making a difference of more than three
fourths. And, now, that freight is reduced to a
mere trifle between Europe and this country, and
that nearly the entire value of the manufactured
article consists in the labor bestowed upon it, as I
have already stated, how is it possible for the
American manufacturer, who pays a dollar a day
for labor, to compete with the European manufac-
turer, who pays but twenty-five cents? Both
reason and experience combine to declare it ut-
terly impracticable. The result is, the American
manufacturer is driven from his own market, which
is taken possession of by foreign manufacturers,
who, in the absence of all competition, affix upon
their fabrics such prices as they please. The
money of the country is sent abroad to pay for
foreign labor, while our own citizens and mechan-
