iw
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 23,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff Question—Mr. Hampton.
Ho. of Reps.
to be exchanged for manufactured cotton, or any
other foreign goods. The cotton plantations of I
the South are capable of feeding the operatives j
necessary to manufacture nearly or quite all the
cotton at present produced, and such a policy
would increase the value of every cotton planta-
tion in the country now cultivated, and offer new
and powerful inducements to clear up and culti-
vate the millions of acres of cotton, lands yet un-
touched, in order, if desirable, to supply the for-
eign demand. To produce this additional quantity
of food would probably require but few, if any,
more laborers than are now employed in growing
cotton. It would only require that division of la-
bor which is as important to the success of the
planter as to that of any other producer.
To manufacture eight hundred thousand tons of
iron, estimated to be about the present capacity of
the United States, would give support to upwards
of two hundred an<f fifty thousand persons, to
whom at least twenty millions of dollars in wages
must be paid. Of tfiis sum $4,000,000 would be
expended in coarse cotton fabrics for clothing and
furniture, $3,000,000 for woollens, and S3,000,000
more for other items of clothing and domestic
comfort. The $20,000^000 earned by the opera-
tives in iron would thus be diffused over the whole
country, giving vigor, life, and activity to every
branch of business. The South would furnish
cotton, sugar, rice, hemp, and tobacco; the Middle
and Western States, bread, potatoes, and meat;1
and the Northern States the products of the loom;
whilst thousand of tailors, hatters, shoemakers,
and other tradesmen would find constant employ-
ment in supplying the necessities of the makers of
iron, consuming themselves an additional quality
of food and clothing.
The estimate I have given of $20,502,000, is
limited to the capital invested in lands, buildings,
and machinery alone. To this is to be added at
least an equal amount, necessarily employed in
carrying on the works, which, with the sum al-
ready mentioned, will swell the investments to
forty millions of dollars in the manufacture of iron
in the jState of Pennsylvania alone. And what
has been done in that State by way of developing
her resources, enhancing the value of her lands,
furnishing a market for the farmer, giving employ-
ment to the mechanic, and laboring men of every j
description, and diffusing life, energy, and activity ,
through every branch of" business, may, by a wise
and judicious system of legislation, be done in
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Alabama, and Missouri, and perhaps ,
other southern and southwestern States.
THE FREE-TRADE ARGUMENTS CONSIDERED.
It is said, Mr. Chairman, by the advocates of
free trade, that we should buy where we can buy
the cheapest; and that if Great Britain, or any
other country, can bring their manufactured arti-
cles into our market and sell them cheaper than
the cost of manufacturing them in this country,
they should be allowed to do so; and that for this
purpose all restrictions should be removed. But is
not this argument deceptive ? The present manu-
facture of iron in this country amounts, probably,
to five or six hundred thousand tons. Suppose
you cease making iron entirely, change your in-
vestments, and thus give assurance to the foreign
manufacturer that you will no longer compete with
him in the market, but will purchase from him this
five or six hundred thousand tons which you for-
merly made, how long would your market con-
tinue cheap? You suddenly create a demand on
the foreign manufacturer for five hundred thousand
tons of iron more than he has heretofore had sale
for—and that amount you must have, you cannot
do without it,—would not the price be instantly
raised to a point far above the present prices for
American iron? It is a well-established law of
trade that the demand and supply regulate the
prices. Here you diminish the supply to the
amount of five hundred thousand tons, while you
increase the demand to the same extent; and, as
an inevitable consequence, raisp the price in the
same proportion. What, then, becomes of your
free-trade theory about a cheap market ? It van-
ishes into thin air, as most of your theories do,
when submitted to the sober test of fact and ex-
perience.
The same may be said of the other branch of
this splendid theory of free trade, viz.: that if we
cease manufacturing in this country, and buy all
we need from Great Britain, she will take our
breadstuff's in payment, and thus furnish a ready
market for our farmers.
When, fylr. Chairman, did she say so ? When
did she ever buy from us one barrel more of flour
than was necessary to supply the deficiency in
her own agricultural productions, or keep her
operatives from starving to death ?—and then only,
when she could buy from us cheaper than else-
where. If every manufacturing establishment in
the United States were abandoned to-day, Great
Britain would not, on that account, purchase one
dollars' worth more of our breadstuff's than she
does now.
I have before said, that about six hundred thou-
sand persons are dependent upon the iron works
of the United States for support. These are all
consumers, and are supplied with breadstuff's by
the farmers of the country, to the amount, it is sup-
posed, of about $30,000,000 worth. , Now if the
iron works of the country are all abandoned,
these six hundred thousand persons must become
farmers; and by this means, not only is the de-
mand for the §30,000,000 worth of breadstuff's
which they consumed destroyed, but by becoming
producers they add greatly to the supply, already
too abundant in the market, and, as a necessary
consequence, reduces the price; thus workin<r a
two-fold injury to the honest and industrious far-
mer, by diminishing the d emand for his breadstuff's
and increasing the supply.
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to be misunder- j
stood. While advocating an increase of duties on
i iron and coal, I am equally anxious to see such a
modification of the present tariff as will embrace j
every other interest that needs legislative aid; and ;
I am only restrained from an examination of air
these branches of business, by the stringent re-
quirements of your hour rule. Any just meas-
ure looking to this great object will receive my
most cordial support. ;
The evils inflicted on the country by the opera- '
tion of the present tariff, are manifold, and should
be instantly removed by its modification. They
are everywhere felt and known by men of all par-
ties, and all trades and occupations. By the sys-
tem of levying ad valorem duties on the foreign
valuation, a wide door is opened for fraud and per-
jury, which seem to have been practiced to a fear-
ful extent. The Treasury of the country is de-
frauded out of millio|^ky means of false invoices,
made expressly for trat purpose, being presented
at the custom-houses and sworn to, in which the
, value of the articles irm^rted is set down at a price
far below their cost Wa foreign market. The
1 duties, therefore, levied and collected on this under-
valuation, are far less than they should be, and the
i Government loses the revenue.
Again: the honest importer is driven out of the 1
business, because he will neither defraud the Gov-
ernment nor commit peijury. His less conscien-
tious rival, willing to do both, can well afford to
jndersell him in the market, and yet make large
profit by his dishonesty. This system, therefore,
! Dractically offers a reward for vice, while it sets a
price on the head of every honest importer. By
this means a very large proportion of all the im-
portations is in the hands of foreigners, and car-
ried on through their agents or consignees in this
country. But I cannot dwell on this point.
Again: by the system of ad valorem duties,
whenever an article commands a high price abroad,
if imported, it would pay a high duty, and thus
not only increase the revenue, but afli'ord protec-
tion to our own manufactures. But when the ar-
ticle commands a high price in the foreign market,
it will not be brought to this country—and there-
fore, at such a time we need no protection. When,
however, there is an over-supply in the foreign
market, the prices fall, and the surplus is thrown
upon us. Then we need most protection, because
the importations are large; but the prices being
low in the foreign market, and the duties assessed
on those prices correspondingly low, we have but
little protection. Thus, by this ad valorem sys-
tem, when we need the least protection we have
the most, and when we need the most, we have
the least. By this means, the capital, industry,
and enterprise of the country are constantly ex-
posed to all the changes and fluctuations of the1
foreign market, without the ability to excrcise any
control over it, or derive the least advantage from
it. Many other evils are inherent in the present
tariff, of which my time will not permi^ me to
speak, among which is that provision which dis-
criminates against American, and in favor of foreign
labor, by imposing a higher duty on the raw ma-
terial than on the article manufactured from it.
But I must pass on as rapidly as possible. What
are the remedies required for all these evils? In
my judgment, the President of the United States,
in his recent able, manly, and dignified message,
has pointed out the best nrode of relief. The sys-
tem of ad valorem duties must, under every possi-
ble safeguard that the wisdom of the Legislature
can devise, forever remain liable to abuses in va-
rious forms, and productive of much derangement
and injury to the business of the country; while
that of specific duties is simple, plain, uniform in
all the ports of the United States, and not liable
to any of the objections or abuses to which I have
referred. By adopting this system, with a mod-
erate but sufficient increase of duties on many of
the leading articles imported, similar to those man-
ufactured here, it is believed one great desideratum
would be obtained, viz: permanency and stability *
in our legislation; without which we can have no>
prosperity.
This subject, Mr. Chairman, has been too long
connected with party politics. It ought never to>
have been made a mere party question. Thegreat
interests I have attempted to describe, have for
years been madfe a mere football for politicians to
play with—country has been sacrificed to party,
and its best interests offered up on the altar of un-
hallowed ambition. Sir, these things should not
be; and I call upon every gentleman on this floor,
without respect to party names, to come forward
and lift this question from the slough of party poli-
tics, and make it what it really is, a national ques-
tion—an American question. Under a national
system of legislation on. this subject, wisely and
judiciously adopted, and patriotically adhered to
for a series of years, what pen could describe, or
imagination conceive, the degree of happiness,
I prosperity, and greatness that awaits us as a na-
tion. Sir, we would come to be in fact, what we
now are in name and in resources, the most pros-
perous, as well as the most powerful people on the
face of the earth. We have a country, I had well-
nigh said, boundless in its extent, reaching " from
sea to sea," and from the rivers almost " to the
ends of the earth"—embracing every variety of
climate, soil, and production. Its mountains are
, filled with the richest ores, its rivers are literally
beded with gold, and its forests outtop even the
" cedars of Lebanon." Time and space have been
annihilated by American genius, which extends
one arm over the sea and the other over the dry
land, awakening, stimulating, and imparting inr
fluences that ere long will govern and control the
world. The name of Pulton and of Morse will
be remembered as long as an ocean remains to be
traversed, or mind to commune with mind.
The great national highway about to be coh-
|: structed across the continent, connecting itself by
means of steam communication with Europe on
1 the east, and the Celestial Empire on the west,
j while it invites to our shores the choicest fruits of
j i foreign commerce, will so develop the resources,
j( and stimulate the industry, enterprise, and capital
I of the country, as, united with other causes, will
i| give us the control of the commerce of the world.
Sir, if we are true to ourselves—to the great prin-
j ciples on which our free institutions are founded,
of equal and exact justice to all, a high destiny
| ( awaits us. Our principles have already gone forth
beyond the sea. They have penetrated the dark
( corners of the earth, breaking the sceptres, and
i! demolishing the thrones of kings and of princes—
' j unfettering the mind of man, and sending it abroad
| to roam, at will, over the vast field of thought and
investigation.. These pure and lofty principles are
indefinitely expansive and progressive in their char-
acter, surmounting all obstacles, and breaking
! down all opposition; bearing us rapidly onward
II as a nation to fulfill the high and holy mission in-
] trusted to our hands, of giving new life, and new
i! laws to the whole human race.
