1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Fekh.
Senate.
CESSION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF MR. FELCH.
OF MICHIGAN,
In the Sknatf., January 13,1851.
The Senate having proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill 85, to cede the Public Landsof the United States
to the States respectively in which they are situated, on
condition that the said States shall severally grant and con-
vey the said lands to actual occupants only, in limited quan-
tities, for cost of survey, tiansfer, and title muniments
merely—
Mr. FELCH said: Mr. President, it cannot
have escaped the attention of Senators that at the
last session of Congress a much greater number
of plans for the disposition and management of the
public lands were presented, than at almost any
former session. Neither can it have escaped the
observation of the country that there has recently
existed in the public mind a greater disposition
than usual, not only to examine into the adminis-
tration of the public lands, and the manner of dis-
posing of them, but also in some quarters there has
been exhibited a feverish anxiety to secure legis-
lation of the Government, of an unusual character,
upon that subject. This anxiety relating to the
subject to which I refer—an anxiety to canvass the
present, and devise some new method of disposing
of the public domain, has thus been exhibited in
various ways. In the first place, numerous peti-
tions were presented to Congress at the last session,
advising different plans for the disposition of the
public domain, many of which proposed to aban-
don utterly and entirely the whole system which
had heretofore guided the action of the Government
on this subject. Public meetings were held in
many portions of the country which had for their
object what is denominated land reform—to bring
about a change in the disposition of the public do-
main. Senators here, and Representatives in the
other House also, presented various plans; some
by bills exhibiting the views of the movers and
submitting them for the action of Congress, on the
subject; some by resolutions pointing out dif-
ferent methods in which the public lands should be
disposed of.
The attention of the Senate at the last session
•was bestowed upon many bills bearing upon this
subject. Lands were granted to the pioneer set-
tler of Oregon. Bills proposing grants for the pur- !
poses of education, and for roads and canals run- '
ning through portions of the public domain, re-
ceived the favorable action of this body. Some of
these bills have received the sanction of the other 1
branch of Congress; others still await the action
of that honorable body. These, however, involve '
no principle at variance with the former course of
action on the subject by the Government. Oif the
contrary, they are in accordance with it, and do j
but carry out in a spirit of liberality well-settled |
principles." !
The bill now under consideration is one of a
different class. It proposes a radical change in
the action of the Government on this subject, and
a relinquishment of the system now in operation.
"We cannot enter on the consideration of this sub-
ject without feeling that a thorough examination
and a careful scrutiny are demanded at our hands
before taking this departure from principles here- ;
tofore regarded as just and beneficial.
There is at the present day no subject, in my i
opinion, more important, as connected with the 1
duty and action of the Government of the United
States, than that which pertains to the manner of |
disposing of the public domain. The system now | j
in operation commenced at a day when the coun-
try was comparatively limited. Now our territory
extends from the Atlantic to the Pacific, overcoun- 1
tries rich and fertile; and through regions abound-
ing in mineral resources, as well as in the toil-re- :
warding wealth which agriculture yields. It has ' (
become now an important system, extensive in its 1
operations, and mingling itself, in a greater or less ■
degree, with all the great interests of this country.
In considering this bill, we come to the class of |
cases thus presented to Congress, which involve
a total change in the whole system of disposing of ;
the public domain, and substituting another. It |
presents, in my opinion, a subject of so great im- |
portance, that I trust I may be excused for calling ,1
the attention of the Senate to some considerations
with regard to it.
What, then, does this bill which we have before
us propose? It proposes a series of changes,
which requires us to abandon utterly and entirely
all sales of the public domain, and the management
of that domain under the present system, and
which involves the ceding of the public domain tor
; the States in which the lands lie. This bill, how-
ever, does not rest here. It not only adopts the
principle of divesting the United States of the
public domain, and themanagement of that domain,
. but it goes further; it annexes to this disposition of
the public lands—this grant of it to the States—
certain conditions, which require the careful atten- i
tion and scrutiny of every one who, in public po7
sition, is called upon to act on this subject. The I,
, bill now under consideration proposes to grant to f
each State all the public lands lying within its
limits; and this upon several conditions, one of
; which is that nonti of the said lands shall vest in
j either of the States until the Legislature thereof '
I shall enter into a compact between such States and I
, the United States—first, that such State will grant
and convey the land so ceded to it to actual occu-
pants only of the land to be conveyed, in a
quantity to each occupant not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, or a quarter section, and this
tract shall be granted to the landless only. The
i second condition is, " that the land so to be granted
to any such occupant shall be and remain forever
exempt from forced sale, extent or levy, execution
or decree, from or by any court of law or equity."
The third condition is, that every such grantee
shall be forbidden to sell or convey such land to
any person or corporation who owns, or would
thereby become the owner of, more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres.
And, again, the law of the State within which
the land lies shall require an actual residence upon
the land of not less than one year before the title
shall be conveyed to the settler. The general
features of the bill involve, first, the divesting of j
the United States of all its interest in the public
domain, and, secondly, the granting of the lands
by the States to individuals on the conditions which
I have named.
Mr. President, I do not undertake to say that
the present land system is a perfect one, or that
there are no new provisions which should be in-
F-afled upon the laws that relate to this subject.
make no opposition to the broadest liberality on
the part of the General Government to the States
, within which these lands lie. I could not urge
: such an opposition without violating my own
; sense of propriety. That oa^Government should i
i own the broad domains witflR the limits of another |
: Government, is an anomaly which, in ordinary ,
1 cases, could but conduce to evil. Under our or- j
[ ganization, however, suchJBpterious consequences
nave been avoided by tl^r wisdom displayed in
■ the administration of the trust. This condition of
things devolves upon the General Government the
, duty of so administering the public domain, as to '
induce an influx of industrious and intelligent set- '
I tiers upon it, so as to avoid, as far as may be,
1 everything which could conflict with the free and [!
unembarrassed action of the States in which the i
land lies—as to secure, in the best possible man- I
ner, the progress of civilization and the building |
up in the wilderness of settlements which shall be '{
flourishing, prosperous, and happy. Any modi- n
i fication of the law which shall produce such re-
sults will receive my hearty support. |
But the proposition before the Senate involves j
1 an utter abandonment of the whole system under j
. which we have heretofore acted. We are now to -
[ give away the public domain. It is very evident
from the history of the past that we have been es- !
sentially benefited by the management of the pub- 1
lie lands, and by the receipts into the Treasury ;
from the sales. If the bill now under considera- ;'
tion shall receive the favorable action of Congress j1
and go into operation as a law, its first effect will be ;,
felt in the financial department of the Government. '
The source of income into the Treasury from these
sales will be at once cut off. The importance of,1
this source of income should not be under-esti- j
mated. It is found in all the reports from the i
Treasury Department, from the first land sales to
the present time, and uniformly as an item of no
minor consequence. But, in order that we may |
see how it has mingled in the financial affairs ofj
the country, and its comparative importance, I J
beg leave to refer to official statements on the sub-
ject, contained in the public documents.
In the year 1835 the receipts from customs were
#19,391,310 59. The receipts from public lands
during that year were $14,787,600 75. In 1836
the receipts from customs were #23,409,940 53,
while the receipts from public lands were $24,877,-
179 86. During these two years more than one
half the amount of revenue received into the Treas-
ury was from this source. These years, however,
do not afford a fair criterion of the comparative
income from this and other sources. A feckless
spirit of speculation, aided by a paper currency
depreciated in value yet receivable at the public
offices, operated to increase the sales at that time
far beyond the amount which former years had
exhibited, or which can again be expected.
Let us look at a more recent period, and one
when these extraneous causes did not exist. Du-
ring the four years preceding the 30th June, 1849,
the total amount received from the public lands
for the sales of those years was $10,210,409 79.
During these years the amount derived from the
sales was about one tenth of the entire receipts into
the Treasury. Other years might be selected which
would present a still more favorable retu't.
In the year ending with June last, according to
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, the
cash receipts from the public lands were #1,859,-
894 25. During the last two years the Mexican
bounty land warrants have diminished the sales'
for cash, or rather have taken the place of cash in
the purchase of lands to a very considerable extent.
Under warrants of this class there were entered
previous to the 30th September last, 7,840,440
acre|^vhich, at the minimum price of land, would
amr^Pl to $9,800,550. These warrants were is-
sued by the Government in part compensation for
the services of the soldiers who fought her battles.
But rejecting all these from our consideration,
and looking only to the receipts in cash into the
Treasury, as exhibited by official reports, we find
them to average more than two and a half millions
of dollars annually, and to constitute at least one
tenth of the entire receipts.
If we look at the aggregate amount of these re-
ceipts from the first sales to the present year, we
shall find an exhibit equally striking. From 1787
to January 1, 1850, the total amount thus reeeived
was $135,329,093 17.
During the same time there have been granted
for schools, universities, internal improvements,
and other purposes, over twenty-one millions of
acres; which, at $1 25 per acre, would amount t®
over $26,000,000.
It is not pretended that the above is the net in-
come of the sales of these lands, but the books at
the Department show that while the total amount
of sales for cash up to January, 1850; was
$135,339,093 17, the cost to the Government was
as follows:
Cost of purchase $61,121,717 12
Cosi of surveying  6,369,838 07
Cost of selling, and expense of land
system to January 1,1850.^.... 7,466,324 19
Making total of cost and expense
to Government.  $74,957,879 38
Deducting this amount from the aggregate re-
ceived from the sales as above stated, we have
$60,381,213 79 as the net proceeds of the public
land received into the Treasury of the United
States since the present system went into operation.
This statement clearly exhibits the importance,
in a financial point of view, of the sale of the lands
and the receipt of the proceeds into the public
Treasury. We have relied upon it for its annual
aid in paying the expenses of the Government.
If we are now to abandon the present system,
under which the amount above indicated is re-
ceived annually as a regular income into the
Treasury, it is evident that we cause a deficit to
precisely the same amount in the annual receipts.
That deficit must be supplied from some other
source. There is no possibility of withdrawing
the income from this source and not supplying it
by a similar amount from any other. As the finan-
cial system of the Government is now arranged,
there lies at its foundation the principle of receiv-
ing into the Treasury only the amount which may
be necessary to carry on the operations of the
Government in the simplest form, and of drawing
