1851-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
109
3lrr Cons 2d Sess.
«tn, whether it passed into the hands of a man
who owned any other land to the amount of one
hu«dr*\i a.iJ nxty acres. The inquiry must con-
stantly re-'iir, «'i the:' the grantee has cultivated
th* '-'-'l t' ■ r a year, ami in case of sale from one
individual u> another, whether the proposed trans-
feree has other lands «Such disqualify him to re-
>«vf .uut hold the title, and u hether subsequent
«.|tu«",oni of otlu-r lands have, in any instances,
4e?T-at«Mt the title of pre«rM holders of the domain.
A careful ruanl mint be kept over the matter, to
i- tlcpr>"iiit >us<>f the law are complied witlf.
We sluil lw obliged to adopt a system altogether
more complicate*! than the present simple system
of sales, f >r t'ie purpose of aeeinsr that the condi-
tions are performed, and enforcing the rights of
the Gorernmer! in rase of their failure. We could
not, with justice to ourselves or to the object sought
to beattained by this new legislation,or withjustice
to the interests of the community, ahould the bill
become a law, i>erfortn our duty under it, except by
a careful surveillance of the whole matter of trans-
fer and tenure in all the new States. And the re-
version of property u; dec thr-e conditions would
a!so hrui;; with i: complicated questions as to the
rights and duties of the Government, and an ex-
pertise system for the disposal of the land. I
think, sir, in whatever view we may regard this
matter, we cannot fail to see that we shall involve
ourselves in a labyrinth of difficulty, from which
we could scarcely expect to be released.
I may remark here, that we have never yet de-
parted from t'ie general and great principles of
the land system as i: now stands, and turned aside
to meet the exigencies of special cases bv experi-
mental le^.slation in the disposition of the public
domain, without impairing the hannony of the
system, and occasioning an expense to the Gov-
ernment with little or no advantage to individuals.
So ejttens.ve is the subject, that we can never
manage the public domain except under general
rules forming a system. They must be of a char-
acter to insure the most perfect and unconditional
titles; they must secure the utmost simplicity in
the action of the Government; they must require
the agency of as few persons as possible 'ji ad-
ministering the system; they must demand little
or no surveillance over the transactions of this
great country in the disposition and management
of real estate.
It is a dangerous experiment for us, in my hum-
ble judgment, ti step beyond this. I will not trou-
ble the Senate by dwelling longer upon the condi-
tions annexed to the grants proposed in this bill,
or on their effects on the public weal.
One great object is desired by the petitioners
upon this subject, and by the Senator who intro-
duced this bill, which is founded upon the sup-
posed nsht of everybody to occupy and inherit
land. This great principle lies at the foundation
of their request. I have before me a very brief
petition, which exhibits not only the reasoning
but the prayer of the petitioners, indicating the
evil to be avoided and the good to be accom-
plished:
•• The OMiermrned respectfully represent that, in their
opinion, the ngtat to life include# the right to a place In
Bv*. '*
In accordance with this opinion, they pray for
the freedom of the public lands.
I ahai! enter on no metaphysical discussion here
upon the subject of the absolute or natural rights
of citizens, or of any supposed duty of Govern-
ment to furnish a farm, without cost, to every in-
dividual who will occupy it. But if that principle
i* worth anything—if it has the importance whieh
ewtlemen suppose, who, both here and elsewhere,
urge its consideration with so much zeal upon the
Government—if it is an inalienable right pertain-
ing to man as man, the duty of the Government
is a broad and imperious one. It is required by
it that all who are without land shall he supplied.
The natural riebt to live, and the consequent right
of a place in which to live, imposes upon Govern-
ment, according to these doctrines, the duty of
providing by law, as in the bill before us, for a
_ gratuitous grant of one hundred and sixty acres
of land to every individual.
It is aot enough to make free the transfer of
Buch property; to abolish classes and exclusive
privileges; to throw wide open the door to enter-
prise, economy, and labor, to enable every man
Ceuion of the Public Lands—Mr. Felch.
to provide for himself' by his own moderate ever- I
tions: Government must go further, and offer to
every one this kind of property free of cost. 1
If this doctrine be correct in its full extent, it
seems to me that the bill we have now under con-
sideration falls very far short of securing the
rights of those persons interested in this matter.
What do we propose by it to do, in order to
carry out the great principle of human rights?
We propose to make a distribution of the public
domain among persons who are not the owners of
one hundred and sixty acres of land. This distri-
bution is to be continued for the period during
which the Government may be possessed of the
public domain. But, sir, that period must inevit-
ably he short. And is the principle to die when
the public lands are disposed of? After the first
distribution, is it to be thrown away and aban-
doned ' Is this right to lie urged for the present
generation and denied for the next or the remote?
Is a man to retain his right to live and be deprived
of his right to a place in which to live, or its se-
quence, the gTant of land, when that time shall
nave expired ? If it be a natural right of man. it
belongs to future generations as well as to the
present. It will not terminate with the sale of our
public lands, nor cease when we shall have noth-
ing to distribute. Looking at the subject in this
light, I cannot but think that all the propositions
which have been presented here fall very far short
of accomplishing the object which is intended to
be secured, and which it is alleged will be secured,
by this bill. Some of these propositions have
looked a little further into this matter; and though
thev have not provided for future generations, yet,
with more gallantry than the author of this meas-
ure, their movers have embraced the gentler sex
within their liberal provisions.
After all the speculation which has been had upon
the right of all to the gratuitous occupation of land,
the possession of the rightful grantee to specified
portions of territory has in all civilized Govern-
ments been regarded as exclusive, carrying with
it the power ot disposing in some manner of the
property to another, under the same guarantee of
exclusive and indefeasible enjoyment. This bill
proposes the same thing in principle; but although
it provides for the first distribution, yet it secures
nothing beyond the mere partition of the land of
which we are now the owners.
When this first distribution shall be made, the
poor and the landless will be left as at the present
time. There are no provisions here to transmit
the property or a share of it to those who here-
after may be without a homestead. They must
be purchasers, or they cannot possess. None but
the landless can be permitted to buy the land, but
the poor and the landless are not to be supplied
with it; nor can they possess,unless they can ob-
tain the means to buy. In this respect, after the
first distribution, the present state of things will
return, with this difference—that the title now ob-
tained by purchase, and which is absolute, will ,
then be conditional.
The plan before us is, then, a mere temporary
arrangement—a gratuitous distribution of the land
now possessed by the United States-^-and not the
establishment of a great system commensurate with
the wants of the class intended to be benefited.
The great principle of alleged natural right, on
which this new system has been urged, is neither
carried out nor applied by it; on the contrary, after
the first disfribution, the principla^abandoned,
and under its operation the landless flp be as much
excluded from the possession of landas at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. President, I have already alluded for a few
moments to the provision contained in this bill
which proposes to connect an influence upon the
legislation of the States, through conditions, with
the grant of the lands lying within their borders.
1 wish, however, to make one or two general re-
marks further upon the subject of the power and
duty of the General Government in disposing of
the domain within the States. At the last session
of Congress, a discussion was had in this body in
which my friend from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and
the then Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster,] now transferred to another branch of the
Government, took part, involving some of the
principles which are now under consideration. It
was a discussion, I must be permitted to say,
Senate.
which itlForded much information upon the im-
portant subject of the public lands.
Mr. Webster, in the course of his argument,
made the following remark:
" The Ciorcrniucut of the United Butes holds the land otil>
for one crcat purpose—that is, to sell. It holds it In Uu t to
sell tVtr the benefit of the Government and people of iii.'
United Stutea; tnd every acre, aa soon as sold, mils under
the dominion of the municipal sovereign, and is nubjeci to
ail the niles and regulations prescribed b> the local govern
ment."
Now, sir, this power to sell necessarily implies
a duty on the part of the Government in regard to
the manner of disposing of the public domain.
The early cessions of land from the original States
to the General Government clearly contemplated
the settlement of the territory ceded,and its growth
into independent organizations as States. The act
of cession by Virginia required the territory to be
laid out into States by the Government; tuid " that
' the States so formed should be distinct republi-
' can States, and admitted members of the Feder-
' al Union, having the same rights of sovereignty,
' freedom, and independence as the other States."
It was foreseen that emigration would seek the
rich soil of the ceded country, and that large com-
munities would people its territories. In accept-
ing the cession of " both the soil and jurisdiction,"
with the express declaration of this duty, the
Government virtually pledged itself to that kind
of action which would not only tend to build up
and people that wilderness country, but wonld best
premote the interest ot the inhabitants, and lay
the broadest foundation for their independence and
prosperity.
It assumed the important duty of superintend-
ing the growth of the new republics, and prepar-
ing them to become worthy members of this great
Confederacy. These objects could never be ac-
complished without adopting a course of action
towards them wliich should strike off every shackle
and make them safe inthe enjoyment of their prop-
erty and their personal freedom, and mould their
institutions in the spirit of true Ubarty.
Every man must have observed the great influ-
ence of the land system of a country on its wel-
fare. It takes deep hold of every interest and
every relation of society; it forms the institutions
and character of the people, and sometimes modi-
fies the Government itself. A memorable instance
of this influence is found in the history of the feu-
dal system. Let any man trace it from its origin,
in the obscurity of early history, in its growth and
in its progress over different nations of Europe;
let him observe its effect in this nation and in that,
upon individuals, upon communities, and upon
Governments, and he will admit that there is con-
nected with the tenure of real estate an influence
which, beyond almost everything else, moulds and
forms the characteristics of a people, and makes
or mars their happiness. Where in its progress
did this system ever pass that it did not crush civil
liberty and establish vassalage? Where did it fail
to elevate the powerful few, and humble in the
dust the great masses? To check or subdue its
claims, to break its oppressive bonds, and to re-
cover the free enjoyment and independence of un-
encumbered real property, has been the great labor
of modern times.
The duty of the Government, in my humble
opinion, in the disposal of the public domain, is
clearly marked out. It requires sales to be made
indiscriminately to all, and the granting of the
most perfect title to the purchaser. It rejects all
embarrassments, services, and conditions. It re-
quires the purchaser to be endowed with the most
perfect freedom from all restraint connected with
his title, or with the use or sale of his property.
When these sales are made, and States are organ-
ized in the new territory, the power of legislation
on all subjects not yielded to the United States
by the Constitution vests in the State authorities.
No greater injustice could be committed than to
attempt to curtAil the free action of the legislature,
or impair the unembarrassed enjoyment and trans-
fer of property, or influence the character of their
State polity, by restrictive conditions on the title
to their lands. The undeniable duty of adminis-
tering thepublic domain in reference to the inde-
pendent States to be formed by the settlers upon
them requires that the landholder shall be the free
and independent citizen, and that the community
shall be built up in a spirit of true liberty.
