110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 13,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Fetch.
Senate.
Hitherto the general action of the Government
in the disposition of the public lands has been in
accordance with this view of the subject. In a
few instances we have unfortunately departed from
these principles; but in every suoh case the error
has been soon discovered and a return speedily
effected. Thus, in the lead-bearing lands of Mis-
souri and Illinois, instead of sales, a system of
leasing was adopted and continued forsome years.
It proved a fruitful source of embarrassment, dif-
ficulty, and expense, and was ultimately abolished.
In the northern part of my own State—Michigan
—by theactionofoneof the departments, although
•without the authority of Congress, a similar sys-
tem was put into operation. Before a single set-
tler had placed his foot upon that peninsula, or an
acre of land had been sold, permits were issued
for the selection of the valuable copper mines, and
long leases, with rights of renewal, were granted.
These leases covered a large extent of country,
and if continued, would have placed no inconsid-
erable part of Michigan in the hands of the tenant-
ry of the United States. The manifest injustice
of such a method of administering the public lands
was so apparent, anil the evil consequences so evi-
dent, that the State earnestly remonstrated against
its continuance. If the system had been carried
out to its full extent, not an independent freehold-
er—the owner of bis homestead—would have been
found on the r-eninsula—not an acre of land would
have been subject to taxation under State author-
ities; while the burdens of the enforcement of the
law, the execution of police regulations, and the
administration ofjjustice over the country, would
have been unavoidable. The Government, be-
coming the landlord of a wide-spread community,
would have received in rents the profits of their
labor, and would have built up within the bosom
of a State a system at war with the genius of our
institutions, the prosperity of the settlers, and the
independence of the State.
Sir, when this matter was presented to Con-
gress, the whole system was at once repudiated,
and a return was had to the simple and uncondi-
tional sales required by the general laws on the
subject. Of the tendency of those general laws to I
promote the harmony and best interests both of
the Union and of tj>e several States, no doubt is
entertained.
But, again, all restrictions by conditions upon
tenures, tend invariably to prevent the settlement
of the country. The enterprising citizen would
not buy lands under such restriction. He will
seek the prosperity which free titles will secure to
him, and refuse to settle where he cannot procure
them. Such conditions have also the effect to re-
tard improvements of a country. They are re-
strictive of its business and its industry. If, as is
proposed by this bill, no farm could exceed one
hundred and sixty acres of land, upon some
branches of industry the restriction would be found
a most serious check. In the wheat-growing coun-
try such a farm, with a properalternation of crops, :
and the necessary reservations for pastorage and i
fuel, would be found inconveniently small. In i
cotton and sugar-growing regions the restriction ■
would amount almost to a prohibition. i
The effect of conditions such as are proposed
upon the value of property is also perfectly appa- j
rent. If the State were settled under this tenure,
let me ask, where would the owner of land desiring 1
to sell find a purchaser ? The entire area of the ;
State being divided into farms of one hundred j
and sixty acres each, all the owners of these !
allotments would be prohibited by the law from j
purchasing more. The restrictions upon the
transfer would materially affect the value of prop- I
erty, and prevent permanent improvements upon 1
it.
Mr. President, the numerous propositions re- I
cently made to annex terms and conditions to j
tenures of land, such as have never been presented
before, give importance to this consideration of
the subject. j
Now, sir, a little attention to the history of ten- !
ures in this country will show any man that from i
the earliest settlement of the country to the pres- ;!
ent time, the great struggle has been to strike off
all conditions, to make free the transfer of real es-
tate, to prevent its descending in any particular
line, to make the holder of it free to keep or dis-
pose of his domain at his pleasure, and by methods
nearly as simple as those which apply to personal
!! property. Sir, we have obtained our tenures from
i the French Government, the Spanish, the British,
and recentlyfrom the Mexican Government. Now,
sir, among all these there is scarcely a single class
that can be named that was free ana untrammeled
—scarcely any of them that were unconditional
tenures—and yet the Government has never re-
quired the performance of those conditions. On
the contrary, the course of action on the part of
our Government has been to strike them off where-
ever they have been found to exist. To the French
tenures, known as seigniories, there were annexed
mostonerous provisions. The grantee must carry
his grain to be ground to the public mill. Hemust
perform certain services at the military post. In
one grant which I have examined he was required,
on the first of every May, to erect a maypole
before the house of the principal officer of the
village. He must never transferhis property with-
out his consent, nor enter into trade without per-
mission, and from certain kinds of business he
was forever excluded. The Spanish also contain
conditions of an onerous character. Many grants
in California, designed originally for the purpose
of grazing and of a pastoral life, have conditions
, annexed to them similar, in many respects, to those
above-named. The property cannot be transferred
except by consent of certain authorities, and upon
paying a fine. The premises are subject, under
certain circumstances, to be entered by individuals
for the purpose of cultivation, the culling of tim-
ber, and the taking of minerals.
The course of the Government in relation to
these conditional titles has been uniform. On th«
acquisition of the territory over which they ex-
tended,"this Government has proceeded at once to
investigate them—not for the purpose of enforcing
the conditions, nor for the purpose of claiming a
reversion through a breach of them, but for the
purpose of striking off all the restrictions andgiv-
( ing a free and perfect title. Whenever the seal of
| the United States has been attached to a patent con-
| firming such grants, it has carried with it a title
absolute, unconditional, and indefeasible. Sir, the
whole course of the Government in this matter has
exhibited an anxiety to abolish all such conditions,
and to make free and independent every man who i
is the owner of the soil.
The older States of the Union have also legisla-
ted for the same purpose. Many of them have
specifically provided by law for the abolition of
every condition that was annexed to the tenure of
real estatewithintheirborders. Thus, New York, ]
in 1787, passed an act abolishing all military ten-
ures. And in 1830, by a still more sweeping act,
they provided that all the lands in that State should
be held in indefeasible estate, whatever may have
been the original tenure or the terms annexed to
the grant by the former Government. The re-
peated action of the States on this subject exhibits
clearly how important it has been always regard-
ed, under our Government, to abolish every such
condition. The anxiety to accomplish the same
great object prompted the abolition of the entail-
ment of property. So timid was the first action
in departing from the old system of English law
on this subject that Massachusetts, in relinquish- .
ing it, provided for a double portion of the estate j
to the eldest son of the proprietor. This invid-
ious discrimination was soon after abolished, and
the unrestricted descent among all tliffheirs adopted
in its steafjflf
An examination of the legislative acta of the
several States of the Union would show a constant
effort, from the earliest organization, to abolish all i
such conditions, and to establish free and untram-
meled tenures. It may well be the policy of ar-
bitrary and monarchical Governments to prescribe i
conditions which tend to give power to the few,
and eventually to return the property to the hands
of the sovereign; but with us a different interest ,
prevails. The benefit of all is found in the inde-
pendent condition of the many, in presenting the i
widest field for industry, energy, and talent to se- j
cure its just rewards, and in establishing that free- !
dom which makes the man, in the best sense of J
the word, a man. j
I am certain, Mr. President, that if Senators J:
will consider this matter, they will upon full in- j [
vestigation come to the conclusion that the land j|
system which we have adopted here, the princi- ||
pies of which it is now proposed by this bill to
abandon, has done more than almost every other
cause to promote the prosperity of the country.
They wiil find it, moreover, to be the parent of
' the greatest blessings, and the origin of many of
, our most distinguished national characteristics.
In its simple yet efficient operation it has attract-
ed the attention of foreign Governments, and by
the liberal-minded has been regarded with admira-
tion. More than one nation has caused its details
4to be examined by their representatives here, with
a view to apply the principles, so far as the differ-
ent forms of their government would permit, in
the management and disposition of their own pub-
lic domain. Such examination has uniformly
resulted in the highest commendation of the sys-
tem.
It will not do, therefore, according to my im-
pression of the matter, for us to relinquish it.
With occasional amendments, suggested by ex-
perience, it has stood the test of sixty years. It
has built up new States; it has aroused the
energies of this nation; it has entered the wilder-
ness and founded republics throughout the west-
ern country; it has peopled the States with a yeo-
manry more independent, more industrious, more
prosperous, and more liberty-loving than any
other people existing on the face of the earth.
A few years ago, the subject of the public lands
in her provinces received the careful attention of
the British Government. The system of dispos-
ing of the public domain in Canada, in Nova Sco-
tia, and New Brunswick, under the colonial rela-
tion, had become complicated, contradictory, and
unwieldy. A commissioner was appointed by
the British Government, in the person of Lord
Durham, who proceeded to the provinces for the
purpose of investigating the subject of land titles,
of ascertaining the extent of the evils growing, out
of their system, and recommending some method
by which to avoid them in future. His examina-
tion was most thorough. It was made with the aid
of official documents, and the examination, under
oath, of the surveyors and others who had been
in any way connected with the management of the
public domain, an examination in person of the
country granted, and repeated interviews with the
settlers. To his report, published among the par-
liamentary documents of 1839, I have had occa-
sion before to allude. It is a most instructive vol-
ume, both as regards the views presented by the
commissioner, and in reference to the facts devel-
oped by the testimony, and the documents therein
referred to. It exhibits, however, a state of things
disastrous in the extreme to the interests of the
settlers and of the Government, growing out of a
vicious system of disposing of the public domain.
With all the inducements to settlers which had
been offered by Government, by the gratuitous
grants of lands, and in some instances, of the
means in money of settling them, the fact that
the system has been a total failure is evident.
Lord Durham pursued his examination further,
and has presented a comparison between the pros-
perity which has attended the policy of this Gov-
ernment in regard to its public lands and the
failure of success under efforts of his own. Mul-
titudes who came to settle lands offered gratuitously
in the province, deserting their own, became pur-
chasers of public lands within our jurisdiction,
and worthy settlers upon them. A stronger con-
trast could not be presented than that which is
exhibited between the new settlements of our own
country and those of the neighboring provinces.
Now, sir, I am not unaware that disaffection with
the laws and policy of the mother country has had
something to do with this result. Neither am I
callous to the fact that the blessings of our Gov-
ernment are such as to afford inducements to the
emigrants to prefer this to their own or any other
soil. At the same time we cannot, conceal from
ourselves, if we would, that the different systems
of disposing of the public lands have had a most
important bearing in bringing about the contrast
between the two. I desire to take a moment of
time for the purpose of reading from the report
referred to an extract describing the advantages of
our own system in the most terse and comprehen-
sive language. The following are his words:
"The system of the United States appears to combine all
the chief requisites ofthe greatest efficiency. Itis uniform
throughout the vast federation; it is unchangeable save by
