1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
Ill
31st Cons 2d Sess.
Cession of the Public Lands—Mr. Fetch.
Senate.
Congress, and never has been materially altered; it renders
the acquisition of new land easy, and yet, by means or a \
price, restricts appropriation to the actual wants of the set- t
tier; it is so simple as to be readily understood; -it provides
for accurate surveys and against needless delays; it gives an
mutant and secure title; and it admits of no favoritism, but
distributes the public property among all classes and persons
upon precisely equal terms. That system has promoted an
amount of immigration and settlement of which the history
of the world affords no other example, and it has produced
to the United States a revenue which has averaged about
half a million sterling per annum, and has amounted in one
twelvemonth to about lour millions sterling, or more than
the whole expenditure of the Federal Government."
These are the expressions of one who can be
suspected of no partiality in our behalf upon this
subject. They are the views of a man competent
to judge, who, from a distance as well as in nearer
proximity, has watched the practical operation of
the system in its effect upon the weal of the coun-
try and the prosperity of the community. They
are the results of a careful examination, made in
an official capacity, for the purpose of obtaining
knowledge on the subject for practical use in the
proposed reorganization of the system in his own
country.
When this bill was before under consideration,
near the close of the last session, the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] pro-
claimed that we are in danger of falling into the
condition of the countries of the Old World, where
castes and classes are elevated and the masses of
population degraded; that the real estate of the
country would inevitably fall into the hands of the
few, to the exclusion and consequent poverty and
degradation of the many. In order to avoid this
consequence, the Senator proposes to limit every
landholder to one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. President, I have little confidence in the
efficiency of special restrictions of this character, j
and much less in their beneficial influence. For j
my own part, I look in another direction for j
immunity from the evil referred to. I expect it
as a legitimate result from the spirit and genius
of our free government, from the nature of our
free institutions, from the enterprising character of
our population, and from the general legislation of
government affecting the public weal.
Looking across the waters to the countries of
the eastern hemisphere, where the evils which the
Senator depicts exist, having their foundations in
the early and semi-barbarous ages, and sustained
by a system of government, institutions, and laws
the Mposite of our own, he sounds the alarm as
if the calamity had fixed itself upon us. If the
same causes existed here that operate in those
countries, making the same results inevitable
among us, we might well be alarmed, and no man
would go further than I would in efforts to resist
the destroyer.
But let no false alarm prevent our examining
the facts, and inquiring whether the sources of
these evils exist among us.
Most of the countries of the Old World were
portioned out at an early period among the nobil-
ity, with extended territorial limits, and under con-
dition of rendering service of various kinds to the
sovereign. The grant usually carried with it the
control of the lord over the tenants on the estate,
and established a perfect system of power on the
one side, and abject servitude on the other.
Added to these was the entailment of these es-
tates, and the perpetuity of the inheritance, with
all its incidents of power, in the heirs of the pos-
sessor forever. Under this system estates are now :
possessed which have remained unbroken for cen-
turies. In our own country no such state of things
exists. The commencement of the Government
itself is in modern times—almost in our own day
—and no grants of large tracts of land have been
made by it; no entailment is recognized; no sub-
serviency of others to the purchaser attaches as an
incident to his tenure.
In the countries to which reference has been '
madeA especially in England, large portions of ter-
ritory accumulated in the hands of ecclesiastical
corporations, which under their system never died
—where, in the quaint language of the times, they
were held by a death-cluteh forever. An ameliora-
tion of this evil, after a great struggle, was ob-
tained, but its consequences are not eradicated.
But nothing of the kind exists here. The cor-
porations of this country are the offspring of legis-
lative action, and are limited to a term of years.
This limit is usually so short as scarcely to equal
the average life of man. '
In holding real estate they are restricted to a i
small quantity, usually only such as is indispens- 1
able for prosecuting the business for which their
organization is allowed; and at the termination of
their corporate existence it must revert to the ori-
ginal grantor, or pass into other hands.
Thus we have a safeguard against this fruitful
source of evil existing in some of the countries of
Europe. We are not only happily free from these
causes operating so powerfully abroad, but the ac-
tion of all the authorities of our Government has
repudiated everything tending to such a result, and
has established principles conducing to the general
distribution of property and to the equal privileges
of all. We have no restriction on the conveyance
of real estate. All may become purchasers, and
every owner may divide his property as he pleases,
may devise or sell at his pleasure, and may trans-
fer his title with little expense or formality.
Under this system real estate becomes like per-
sonal property. Readily converted into money,
it is regarded almost in the light of available capi-
tal, and passes from owner to owner so readily j
and so frequently as to prevent its remaining for
a long time in large quantities in the hands of any !
one man. For this purpose it would be compar- ■
atively unproductive property, and it therefore j
naturally finds its way in small quantities into the
hands of those who will cultivate it.
We have the distribution of his landed property
among all his heirs on the decease of the owner.
This division of property is constantly in opera-
tion, and is of itself a cause sufficient to defeat over-
grown landed estates. By its simple operation the
whole real estate of the country, in periods of but
a few years' duration, is distributed into other
hands.
The sale of property by execution andother le-
gal process tends to the same general rWilt, and
must be regarded as one of the means of securing
a healthy state of things in reference to the distri-
i bution of real estate among those who may desire
to cultivate it. ,
Wherever it has been the policy to lock up real
| estate, and to perpetuate the title in family inher-
\ itances, strong opposition has been made to sub-
jecting this class of property to judicial sale. Its
effect on that policy was foreseen, and therefore re-
sisted. In England the opposition to relaxation
j of the old rules was long and violent. It was a
; contest between the growing mercantile interests
of the country—the interests of the great body of
i the people on the one hand, and the powerful aris-
I tocracy on the other.
These causes which I have mentioned, with
others of a kindred character, are the efficient
workers, under our system of Government, in
warding off the evils that others have suffered, and
securing the general good. They operate silently,
and with oppression to none; yet do they secure
the great object with tenfold more certainty than
any restrictive condition which can be placed upon
the power of individuals to purchase or to hold
property. They secure the result upon great and
noble principles—the same principles which pro-
pose, as the object of government, the most unre-
stricted freedom and the greatest prosperity of all.
With their foundations laid deep in our constitu-
tions and our laws, cherished in the hearts of the
people as sources of true prosperity, there is little
danger of their abandonment.
Well, then, does the land system of this coun-
try deserve, in its general principles, the encomium
pronounced upon it by Lord Durham. Its origin
is but as yesterday—its results are like the works
of ages. A few years since the eye might have
traced the great basin of the Mississippi, bringing
within its ken nothing but an unbroken wilder-
ness. The woodman's-axe was not heard, and
the plough had not touched its soil; the cabin of
the settler was not there; its lakes had not been
disturbed by the keel of the vessel; and its rivers
ran their course in solitude. But the scene is
changed. An energetic and intelligent population
has extended itself over the country; the rich soil
of the wilderness has become the cultivated farm;
villages are scattered over the whole exnanse of
the country; and flourishing cities are built on the
borders of the lakes and rivers. Its productions
| are those of almost every climate, and their abund-
ance such that you may trace them in almost
every port to which the mercantile relations of the
nation extend. On the waters bordering the great
valley on the north and on the south, and on the
rivers intersecting its area, commerce and naviga-
tion abound. In no country, in so short a time,
has such results been effected. In none are such
abundant elements of prosperity exhibited—in
none such noble monuments of tne results of in-
dividual energy, and toil, and intellect.
The organized States of this region, extending
from the great lakes to the waters of the Gulf of
Mexico, cover a belt of land from the northern to
the southern limits of the nation, and embrace
every variety of climate, and almost every sec-
tional interest known in the country. Proud of
their country and of its institutions, the heart of
that great people is true and patriotic. These
States are one and inseparable. They will allow
no sectional question to alienate their affections
from their Government, and no line of division,
intended to mark new boundaries, to cross the
great valley. They are equally strong in their at-
tachments to the other States in the Confederacy.
With all of them, in their interests and feelings,
they are intimately united. Claiming relationship
alike to the younger sister State on the Pacific and
the Old Thirteen on the Atlantic, they will be the
last to depart from the principles which bind them
together.
Mr. President, in the rise and growth- of this
country, the operation of our land system hag
been constantly exhibited, forming its institutions,
developing its best characteristics, and promoting
its greatest prosperity. That system has as its
concomitant a spirit of great liberality, in admin-
istering the public domain towards objects of the
utmost importance to the settlers of the country.
Grants for purposes of intercommunication in the
new country, grants for State buildings, for uni-
versities, for common schools, have so repeatedly
been made as to become a part of the system. At
the last session of Congress a bill was passed giv-
ing the swamp and overflowed lands to the State*
! in which they lie. This bill went beyond theior-
1 mer practice of the Government, but upon prmei-
, pies correct as well as liberal. They are a class
i of lands needing draining or embankments before
they can be made of use or of much value. They
, require in their management a more minute atten-
tion and preparation than could be given under an
organization embracing a territory so wide as our
public domain. There are undoubtedly other
lands, mountainous or barren,' lying within the
States, which will not command the minimum price
! of Government lands. In some of the States the
public lands will soon be, and perhaps now are,
reduced to so small a remnant as scarcely to re-
munerate the expense of sustaining the expendi-
; ture incident to the sales. In all such cases the
relinquishment of the lands to the States in which
they lie is, in my opinion, required both by
policy as regard the Government and justice to the
State. They cannot be profitably administered by
the General Government—to the States they are of
importance.
The liberality of the grants to the several States
has been richly rewarded by the increased extent
and power of the nation, and the addition to its
wealth and its resources. Let the same generous
policy be pursued—let the hand that gives be still
j more ready, in like manner and for like objects,
to bestow. The public weal has found and will
find by it its advancement.
Mr, President, I regard the proposition to aban-
don the principles of the present system, and to
adopt the plan proposed by the bill under consid-
eration, as fraught with especial evil to the new
l States. If the present law is found in any respect
imperfect or inefficient, let us amend it; if the
■ present price of land is too high, let us reduce it.
But as one of the representatives of one of these
States, I cannot consent by my vote to abandon a
system which has so long produced rich and abun-
dant fruit, for the purpose of adopting another
which may bear only the apples of Sodom.
Mr. President, I have trespassed too long on
the attention of the Senate—-I trust, however, not
so long as not to receive their pardon. The im-
portance of the subject as it presented itself to my
j j mind, seemed to demand a reference to facts and
| [ statistics bearing upon it, and an expression of my
