w
appendix to the congressional globe.
[Jan. 16,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
views upon the policy and the effect of the pro- I
posed legislation. I regret that I have not been
able to present the matter in a manner more worthy
the subject and the occasion.
POSTAGE REFORM.
SPEECH OF HON. S. R. THURSTON,
OF OREGON,
In the House of Representatites,
Thursdat, January 16, 1851.
The House bein<rin Committee of the Whole
on the state of the union, and havingunder con-
sideration the " bill to reduce and modify the rates
of postage in the United States," Mr. Potter,
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, offered the following amendment as
an additional section to the bill:
Sec. 6. <And be U further enactedy There shall be charged
upon all letters transported in the mails fn m any of ihe
Atlantic ports in the United States to any of the ports of the
United States upon the Pacific, or from any of the ports of
the United States upon the Pacific to any of the Atlantic
ports in the United States, which shall be transported
through any foreign country, four times the usual rates;
and upon all newspapers, pamphlets, periodicals, man-
sines, books, or other printed matter herein provided tor,
three times the usual rates.
Mr. THURSTON moved (pre forma) to amend
by inserting instead of " four times the usual rates,''
three cents; and said:
Mr. Chairman: I extremely regret" that the j
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] has deemed
it his duty to bring this question before the com-
mittee again, and in-this direct and formal man-
ner. From the very firat moment this bill-was
brought under discussion, till now, I have been
every moment in my seat, and watched with anx-
ious solicitude the temper and feeling of members
upon the direct and specific question which now,
for the firat time duringthe progress of the bill,is to
be passed upon as a sole issue, disconnected with !
any and all other questions. It is now to stand j
or fall upon its merits, this committee being judge, j
^ta very early stage of the discussion of this bill,
I round, as I then thought, a very perceptible, and,
to me, a very alarming inclination to the idea, that 1
we on the Pacific, as had been urged by the Post- j
master General, and foreshadowed by the distin-!
euished chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, in his substitute to this
bill, ought to be taxed very much higher for all !
our mailable matter, going by way of the Isth-
mus, than was proposed on matter carried any dis-
tance inland. I therefore deemed it a solemn duty '
I owed to my constituents, on the second day of
. the discussion of the bill, to call the attention of
the House to this matter, and, if possible, to awak-
en in the minds of members such a train of reflec-
tion as would lead them to see not only its impol-
icy, but the flagrant injustice such a course would
operate upon my constituents. This I did, as I
said before, on the second day of the discussion of
this bill, and from that very day I became san-
guine that the judgment of the House would be
right upon the matter, and that its decision would
place us in a position from which the amendment
of the gentleman [Mr. Potter] seeks to wrest us.
On that occasion I announced our willingness to
come in under a scale of graduations which would
operate upon all within the different grades alike,
though, from our peculiar condition, nearly all our
correspondence being covered by the largest scale,
and consequently the highest rate of postage, it
would press upon us with a heavy hand, and wring
from us with an unrelenting grasp more money
than we ought to be called upon to pay. On day ;
before yesterday the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Parker] offered an amendment to this bill, pro-
posing to establish a scale of three grades—of three, !
five, and ten cents prepaid, and double that sum '
in each case if not prepaid. I also deemed that a :
fitting occasion again to formally call the attention
of the House to the matter, giving my reasons I
why the amendment should not prevail. The !
amendment was rejected by a very decisive vote.
Another proposition more favorable to our coast, I
but yet proposing the scale of graduations, was I
subsequently voted down, and the committee, 1
having gone over the whole bill, have decided at
ast m favor of uniformity of postage, and against
Postage Reform—Mr. Thurston.
the graduated principle. We on the Pacific, as
the rest of the country to which we belong, are
provided for in this bill as it now stands, and the
measure is one of uniformity, contemplating that
a whole nation, many in one, may partake, in
common, of its rich fruits, which I trust ere long
will be ripe for the harvest; and I, sir, as an Amer-
ican citizen, but a moment ago contemplating the
grandeur and blessings of out- system of govern-
ment, felt my heart enlarge and grow warm with-
in me at the thought that our laws, like the sun
from heaven, shed their heavenly influence within
their sphere everywhere and equally upon all.
But in the very enjoyment of that pleasant reverie
this amendment came like a spectre, to frighten
me, and, like the destroying angel of night, to pick
me and my people out, not for mercy, but for de-
struction! It being so, the committee must bear
with me while I labor to arrest the evil which now
impends over the people I represent.
The reasons assigned by tlie advocates of high-
er postage on all mailable matter going to or com-
ing from the Pacific by way of the Isthmus, are,
1st. The cost of transportation ucross the Isthmus;
2d. The expense of maintaining the lines from
New York to Chagresand from Panama to Oregon;
3d. The great distance the mailable matter has to be
carried; and, 4th. That unless the postage is high-
er on matter by thatroute, the proceeds of revenue
will not pay the expense of the route. These rea-
sons, I believe, cover the whole ground, and form,
when amplified, the argument in support of the
new section proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Potter.] None of these reasons I hold to
be good, and if I am able to make it so appear, I
shall expect to receive, as I desire to receive, the
rejection of the amendment by the judgment and
vote of the committee.
The first reason assigned is the expense of trans-
portation across the Isthmus. The gentleman
from Gfcio [Mr. Potter] says that he has a list of
expense of transportation of mails across the Isth-
mus, paid to the Government of New Granada,
which amounts to $5,050, and that every pound
of mailable matter transported over the Isthmus
costs our Government twenty-one cents and sev-
enty-one hundredths of a cent. But he did not
tell you,at the same time, either the amountof rev-
enue accruing on that matter which had cost our
Government $5,050 to transport over the Isthmus,
nor the amount of mailable matter—particularly
of letters—with its acruing revenue, per hundred
pounds. I hold in my hand, sir, an official state-
ment from J. W. Farrelly, Esq., Auditor of the
Post Office Department, a very significant state-
ment, too, on this head. It reads as follows:
Postage! which, hare accrued on the New York and Cha-
gret lines from December 1,1848 to September 3,1850.
From December 1, 1848, to September 3, 1859:
Mails sent f223,890 96 '
Mails received  178,699 67
  $402,590 63
Prepaid  69,749 04
Unpaid  332,841 59
 402,590 63
Or as follows:
From Dec. 1, 1848, to June 30,1849:
Mails received  6,727 89
Mails sent    16,907 14
  23,635 03
Prepaid  5.-J43 39
Unpaid  18,391 64
  23,635 03
From July 1,1849, to June 30, 1850 :
Mails received  109,263 26
Mails sent  140,005 64
  249,268 90
Prepaid  37,083 05
Unpaid  212,185 85
*. r , ,   249,268 90
From July 1,1850, to Sept. 30,1850:
Malls received  54 630 57
Mails sent  75,0K> 13
_ .,    129,686 70
f/epa'd  41,650 14
Unpaid    88,036 56
... —  129,686 70
By this it will be seen that in one year and nine
months, the accrued postage on this route amounted
to $402,590 63. If from this sum you deduct the
expenses of transportation across the Isthmus,
you will have left $397,540 63 as the net revenue
on that mailable matter which had cost $5,050
for transportation over the Isthmus. And while
on this exhibit, it may be profitable to notice the
rapid increase of business on this line since it went
into operation, for the purpose, among]other things,
Ho. of Reps.
of showing what it will do hereafter. From De-
cember 1, 1848, to June 20,1849—over six months
and a half—the accrued postage amounted to less
than $24,000. For the year next succeeding June,
1849, the accrued postage amounted to nearly
$250,000. By this it will be seen, that propor-
tionately, there was over five times the amount of
mail business done on this route the second year
that there was the first. But, during the next
three months subsequent to June 30, 1850, the
accrued postage amounted to $129,686 70. And I
see bv a statement lately made in the New York
Herald, taken, of course, from the books of the
New York post office, that, for the quarter end-
ing 011 the 31st December, 1850, there were sent
from the New York post office alone to the Pa-
cific 127,048 letters, and received at the same office
from the Pacific, 123,919 letters. The postage on
these alone, at present rates, would amount to
#100,386 80. This includes none of the papers,
and other mailable matter, nor does it include any
part of the mailable matter sent from, or received
at, the post office in Charleston, South Carolina,
Savannah, Georgia, or New Orleans, Louisiana.
Reckoning the whole postage on matter received
at and sent from all four of these offices, for the
quarter stated above, and I question whether it
would fall much short of a quarter of a million of
dollars. But supposing the next nine months sub- .
sequent to September, 1850, should witness no
increase on the business of the three preceding
months, the accruing postage on this line, or route,
for the year ending June 30, 1851, would amount
to #518,746 80. There is more probability that it
would reach a million. These facts and calcula-
tions set forth, in a strong light, the rapid increase
of business on this route, and they prove satisfac-
torily to the reflecting mind, that of all mail routes
in the United States, this is to become the most gi-
gantic, and will continue so till the great national
road shall span the Republic inland. And if you
reduce the rates to three cents, but a few years
will elapse before the revenue of the route will, in
my judgment, pay the whole expense of keeping
it in operation.
But now as to the amount of mailable matter
per hundred pounds, each pound of which is said
to cost the Government over twenty-one cents for
transportation. I find upon experiment that it
takes at least thirty-five single letters in envelops
to weigh a pound, or eighteen large newspapers.
On an average, 1 think it would take ^J-least
twenty newspapers to the pound; otje hundred
pounds, therefore would contain thirty-five hun-
dred letters, or two thousand newspapers. At
the present rate, the postage on these letters would
amount to $1,400, and on these papers, if transient,
to #60. Deduct from these several sums the cost
of transportation, and you have the net postage.
But reckoning the postage < on these letters and
papers as proposed to be established by this
amendment, and the postage on each hundred
weight of letters would De #420, and on each hun-
dred weight of papers, estimated as above, #60.
Every family upon the Pacific may desire to take
one or more newspapers from the Atlantic; but if
they should take but one apiece, this amendment
will take from them for each paper, #1 56 cents
per annum. Reckoning one hundred thousand
families on the Pacific—a number which a few
years will witness—this Amendment would take
from that coast for postage on newspapers alone,
providing that .number of papers is taken, which
is by no means improbable, $156,000 per annum.
On the supposition I make, even if the bill pass
in its present shape, it would take $52,000 per an-
num. Should this amendment be rejected, and
the bill pass as it is, the amount of postage on one
hundred pounds of letters would be $105, and on
one hundred pounds of papers $20. In this case,
admitting the gentleman's statement as to the
cost of transportation to be true, the cost of trans-
portation of newspapers would exceed the postage
by only #1 71 cents per hundred pounds, But the
postage on letters, would exceed the expense of
transportation by $83 29 cents per hundred pounds;
and one cannot fail to see that, reduce the rates of
postage even as low as now provided for in the
Dill, its operation will be to draw away our cur-
rency, and produce a pressure in our money mar-
ket; for every cent which is paid by us in this way,
except the pittance to postmasters, will be with
