1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Postage Reform—Mr. Thurston.
Price $ I 50 for this Session.
drawn from our midst, to circulate in the Atlantic
States. Were our coast contiguous to this by a
connected chain of States and commerce from hand
to hand, this money might in part return through
the channels of ordinary circulation; but now,
when it is paid by us, it goes, never, or if ever, but
slowly, to return. Hence, a very essential reason
with me, in struggling for this low postage, is, to
contract to the minimum rate this drain on our
specie, for the purpose of guarding, as much as
possible, against those revulsions arising from
a country being drained of money, which I fore-
see may some day visit us on the Pacific. "When
it does come, as come it will, if not prevented in
time, it will be one of those earthquake-convul-
sions which will shake down as sand hills the
strongest monuments of trade.
Suppose this to be the case on newspapers, that
the cost of transportation exceeds slightly the
amount of postage chargeable on them, it would
then be no more than right for the Government to
meet this very trifling expense for the purpose of
aiding a new country, and scattering light and in-
formation among the pioneers of that coast. It
may well be said to be a deed due from the parent
to the children; and certainly no one will say the
Government ought, for a moment, to think of
raising a revenue on the intellectual food of her
colonies.
But I am not willing to admit the correctness of
the statement of the gentleman as to the expense
of transportation. He did not tell us, specifically,
kow it accrued, but left us to infer it accrued by
virtue of a treaty stipulation with New Granada.
Suppose our Government did make a foolish
treaty, as, in my opinion, she surSy did, when
she made that treaty, even if construed as favor-
ably as possible in our favor, that does not make
it right for her to make herself whole at the ex-
pense of a very small portion of her people. That
doctrine will never do. If you have been taken in,
do not strive to wring from us money enough to
supply the deficit. Look out sharper next time.
But I said, sir, that I do not accede to the correct-
ness of the gentleman's statement as to the cost
of transportation.
The treaty with the Government of New Gra-
nada, concerning this and other matters, was con-
cluded and signed at Bogata, in that Government,
on the 6th of March, 1844, and ratified at that
place on the 20th of December, 1844, to continue
in force for eight years from the date of ratifica-
tion, and from the expiration of that time, for
subsequent terms of four years each, "until one
of the two Governments shall give the other six
months' notice of its wish that the same shall
terminate." That part of it pertaining to the sub-
ject now under consideration is contained in the
first article, and is in these words:
" The packet vessels ofwar "Log buques de guerra
of tiie Republic of the United correos dela Republica de los
States will disembark at Cha- Estados Unidos desembarcv
eres or Porto-bello the sealed rin en Charges 6 en Porto-
bag or packet which may belo la balija 6 paquete err-
contain the letters and news- rado que contenga las cor-
papers, destined to cross the respondencias 4 impresos
Isthmus of Panama, which destinados & atravesar el
said bag or packet shall be Istmo de Panam&; la cual
delivered to the postmaster, balija 6 paquete sera & entre-
of one or the other of these gada al respectivo Adminis-
places, by whom it shall be tr&dor de correos y dirijida
forwarded to Panama, for the por el a Panami, mediante
consideration of thirty dollars la indemnizacion de treinta
for each trip—provided the peso fuertes por cada viaje,
weight of the bag or packet siempre que el peso de la
should not exceed one hun- balija 6 paquete no excediere
dred pounds, and in the pro- de cien libras, y en la propor-
portionoftwelve dollars more cion de doce pesos fuertes
for each succeeding hundred mas por cada cien hbras de
pounds, which sum shall be exceso, que se pagaran aun
paid though the excess should cuando el exceso del peso no
not amount to one hundred llegare a cien libras."
pounds.
It will be seen by this that our Government is
to pay to New Granada $30 for the first hundred
weight, and $12 for each subsequent hundred
weight, taken across at the same trip, or rather
landed by a mail steamer at the same time. Prima
facie, therefore, the gentleman is evidently wrong.
I am aware, and I will do him the justice to say
it, that there has been, and now exists, some dif-
ficulty between the two Governments, growing
out of an evident want of good faith, as I think,
on the part of the Government of New Granada,
and her desire to pilfer, if she can, without being
rebuked. In the first place, she contends that she
ought not to allow our Government but eighty
JVkw Series—No. 8.
cents for a dollar, reckoning our dollar to be worth
only eight New Granadian rials, or eighty cents.
Our translation of that treaty evidently shows how
our Government construed it; and that is, that we
were to pay thirty American dollars for the first
hundred, and twelve for each %dditional hundred
landed by a mail steamer at the same time. I find,
upon consulting the books, that "peso fuerte"
means a hard dollar, and that "peso sencillo" means
a current dollar. Yet the Government of New
Granada contends, I am informed, that our dollar
is worth only eighty cents, or is current for only
that sum. But if current dollars had been meant
by the treaty, the appropriate language would
have been used. But I shall not undertake here to
discuss the precise meaning of the treaty, or of
the words in question, though I believe our Gov-
ernment contends that the American dollar should
be taken for ten rials, or one hundred cents. But
even if we yield this pretension of the Govern-
ment of New Grenada, the $30 would only be
raised to $37 50, and the $12 to $15, so that, prima
facie, the gentleman woula be incorrect in this case
also.
There is one other point of dispute, which
arises in this way: The Government of New Gra-
nada calls each bag, however small, one hundred
pounds, and reckons it at 300 rials; and if the bag
weighs one hundred and one pounds, they reckon
thirty of their dollars, or 300 rials, for the one
hundred pounds, and twelve of their dollars or
120 rials for the one pound; which may be illus-
trated in this way:
1 bag of 30 pounds 300 rials.
1 " 101 "  420 "
1 " 1 " , 300 "
1 " 75 "  300 "
1 " 7 "  300 "
1 " 150 "  420 "
6 364 2,040 "
Now, the government of New Granada has the
impudence and bad faith to pretend to claim 2,040
rials, or 255 of our dollars, for transporting three
hundred and sixty pounds across the Isthmus.
But neither this mode of reckoning the weight, or,
I believe, of estimating the value of the dollar, is
acceded to by our Government, the mode of reck-
oning weight being unequivocally denied; but, in
the language of an officer of the Post Office Depart-
ment, " agreeably to an understanding between the
Consul at Panama and the Panama (New Grana-
dian) authorities, the Consul pays 300 rials for the
first hundred pounds, and 120 rials for each suc-
ceeding hundred pounds or fraction of a hundred
pounds, which would amount to 660 rials for three
hundred and sixty-four pounds, and gives bonds
for the.remaining 1,380 rials, to be adjusted here-
after betwixt the two Governments." There is
not even a plausible pretence for reckoning the
weight in this way, and therefore I presume our
Government will pay, and pay only, $30 (Ameri-
can) for the first hundred, and $12 (American) for
each subsequent hundred, or fractional part of a hun-
dred pounds, by actually exacting the weight of all
the bags in a lump. Now, reckoning each one hun-
dred pounds at $12, you raise in the shape of post-
ages on every one hundred pounds of letters, at
the rates now in the bill, after paying the trans-
portation, $93, and on each one hundred pounds
of papers $8; and should we grant the pretension
urged by New Granada, and admit that " treinta
peso fuertes" does mean $30 current in New Grana-
da, that our dollar is worth but eighty cents, or
eight rials, then the revenue on papers would ex-
ceed the expenses of transportation by five dol-
lars per hundred pounds. Moreover, the treaty
has now less than two years to run, at the end of
which time, if the proper notice is given, as it most
assuredly should be given, a treaty vastly more
favorable can be made, or an arrangement with
the Panama Railroad Company, by which our
Government will not have to expend one half the
money it now does to procure its mail transport-
ation. This will be the case, unless Great Britain
is allowed, as she has been allowed, with shame
be it said, for the last two years, to control matters
in Central America. Hence, the present rates of
expense for transportation across the Isthmus will
soon be reduced. From this view of the case, I
think I am authorized to say, that the argument
in faror of the amendment, based on the cost of t
transportation across the Isthmus, fells to the
ground, and is not entitled to weight.
The next argument presented, is the expense of
maintaining the line from New York to Cliagres,
and from Panama to Oregon. I am willing to ad-
mit that the expense of these lines is very large,
it being $290,000 for the line from New York
to Chagres, and $199,000 from Panama to
Oregon, or $489,000 for the whole route. But
on another occasion, I called the attention of
the House to the manifest impropriety of con-
sidering these lines as established, or now main-
tained, exclusively for our benefit on the Pacific
coast, and to the consequent injustice of taxing
our correspondence, with a view to meet the sum
total of the expense. I then showed that these
lines, aside from communicating with the whole
southern line of our possessions on the Atlantic,
communicated directly with the possessions of
four foreign nations, and indirectly with one half
of the business world. Hence, the injustice of
making the correspondence with your weak, and,
as yet, small population on the Pacific, pay the
expense of this gigantic mail line, which bears
your glory and your commerce to half the globe,
and causes your name to be revered by the nations
of the earth, is too palpable to admit of doubt.
But admitting that this line is maintained solely
for our benefit, and that the nation derives no ad-
vantage from it but that growing out of a com-
munication with her possessions on the Pacific;
then, upon a just consideration, the argument
wholly fails to substantiate the point for which it
is intended. To tax us, or to tax our correspond-
ence to an extent sufficient to meet this expense,
would be a total violation of the long-established
policy of the Government, a departure from its
present usage, and an invidious discrimination
against us, nowhere, and at no time, practiced
on this side against a single State or Territory of
the Union. I refer to the fact, that there are
numerous routes in the United States, whose ex-
pense is not met by the postage on the mail matter
carried over them; and that there are numerous
States, the proceeds of whose postal revenue does
not pay the expense of their mail routes.
I have applied to the Department for-a statement
of the number of routes, and what routes do not pay
themselves, but the information could not be had
without much labor. It is safe to say, however,
that the number of routes, out of the six or seven
thousand in the United States, amounts to several
hundred, and may reach more than a thousand.
This state of things was foreseen at an early
day; and as long ago as March 3d, 1825, it was
provided for by law in these words:
" That all post routes which hereafter, within the term
of three successive years, fail to yield one fourth of the ex-
pense incident to its establishment, shall be discontinued
by the Postmaster General, unless in cases where it may be
necessary as a connection or continuance of a route or
routes: Provided, also, That this section shall not be so
construed as to deprive the seat of justice in each county of
one mail going to and from said town."
And this provision has continued in force from
that time to the present, and is now in force. It
proves that the Government has not heretofore,
and that it does not even now, act upon the prin-
ciple, that every mail route shall sustain itself.
And if we extend our inquiry, we shall further see
that the Government has not gone on the princi-
ple, that each State or Territory shall pay, in post-
age revenue, what is expended for carrying the
mails within its borders. The following exhibit
will show what I mean:
Statement of the net revenue arising from letter postages,
newspaper*, ire., and the amount credited contractors for
the transportation of the mails in the several States and
Territories, for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1850.
States and Territories. Revenue. Transportation.
Maine $79,978 29 #42,087 27
New Hampshire  55,684 11 27,329 13
Vermont  52,491 26 42,507 83
Massachusetts 316,490 71 117,388 93
Abode Island  36,010 77 12,213 40
Connecticut  95,989 99 55,048 00
New York 786,532 40 297,226 29
New Jersey  58,214 40 56,921 95
Pennsylvania 366,351 78 144,672 57
Delaware   11,811 49 8,577 00
Maryland 108,056 25 133,598 81
District of Columbia  12,508 10
Virginia 124,740 85 165,4® 81
North Carolina  41,160 81 151,539 11
South Carolina  65,107 39 110,981 19
Georgia  90,280 22 142,432 32
Florida  13,264 13 29,246
