1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
produce more than one of three. The gentleman j believes in the theory alluded to, would dare to
refers to the old rates of postage, existing previous j risk his reputation.
to the modification in 1845—the largest ^-ate being But, Mr. Chairman, it is not true that we would
twenty-five, and the smallest six and a quarter 1 correspond as freely with twelve cents postage on
cents, while there were two intermediate rates, letters as we should with only three cents, nor
eighteen and three quarters and twelve and a half ! that we should take papers as freely at three cents
cents. What reason does the gentleman as- 1 postage on each as we should with but one. If it
sign why " there was a constant diminution of is meant, that by reason of our great distance from
letters and receipts from postage down to 1843, our friends, and having no other means of inter-
when the number of letters had run down to communication than by this line, that therefore we
ruinous. This said, I will, with the consent of the
committee, withdraw my amendment, and suffer
the vote to be taken on the merits at once.
Note.—The amendment havingbeen withdrawn,
tlie vote was then taken on Mr. Potter's amend-
ment, and it was rejected, and the bill subsequently
passed the House without further amendment.
CLAIMS FOR FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
24,267,552," and this, too, while our population
and business were increasing? The whole tend-
ency and aim of his argument has been to show
that this diminution of matter transmitted through
the mail, and a consequent diminution of revenue,
arose from the then high rates of postage. Admit
the argument, and then what reason does he give
why the mail matter and revenue increased after the
reduction of 1845 ? Of course he could mean no
other than th t it arose by reason of the reduced
rates of postage. Reckoning on the principle of
the extremes of the rates under the law previous
to the year 1845, and that which the law adooted
in that year, you will see they compare as thirty-
one and a quarter to fifteen, or nearly as two
to one, being reduced over one half by the law
of 1845. But you will perceive, also, that the
letters sent through the mail in the year 1849 are
almost three times as large as in 1843, while the
expense of transportation in 1849 only exceeds
that of 1843 by $104,336. Now, this increase of
should correspond, without regard to postage, I
reply, that the same reason would apply to all
other correspondence which is carried on over long
distances. The emigrants leave the old States and
move to the new ones, or Territories, leaving their
friends behind. The mail is their usual, and may
be said, in most cases, to be their only means of
communicating with them freely. Why does not
this same rule apply? Why would not the man
in Iowa, or Minnesota, or New Mexico, or Utah,
under the embargo of high postage, be as likely
to correspond any how with his friends in Maine,
as would the man in Oregon and California ? No
reason why he would not can be assigned. Hence
if we admit the truth of the declaration, that we on
the Pacific should correspond as freely with high
as low postage, thereby adopting the theory that
high postage does not operate as an embargo to
correspondence in long distances, we must ad-
mit, also, the same would be true in all long dis-
tances; so that, by proving your statement true,
mailable matter evidently arose in part from the you demolish your own theory which you have
reduction of postage in 1845, and in part from the acted upon in this bill; besides, you prove your
increase of population and business since that
time, while the slight difference in the cost of trans-
portation, &c., between the years 1843 and 1849
arose from the diminishing expense of transporta-
tion growing out of the rapidly-improving state of
our roads and conveyances. This must be evident,
for our post offices have increased from 13,814, in
1843, to over 19,000 at the present time, while our
post roads have been increased from 142,295 miles
in 1843 to 167,703 in 1849, and the latter sum has
been very materially increased during the past
year. Such has been the effect, if not consequent
upon the reduction of postage in 1845, certainly
subsequent to it. Whatever m.iy have been the
injustice, your partiality, and your disregard of
the true policy of the Government, practiced for
over seventy years, to wit: a uniform operation of
its laws.
But I repeat, it is not true; and to make it so
appear, you must first prove that there is no end
to our money, and that it is without value. I know
it is not true of my people, and members have
told me that it is not true of theirs, for I, as they,
have known individual instances where corre-
spondence has been forborne by reason of the high
rates of postage which are now grinding us to the
very earth on the Pacific. People on that side are
restrained from writing their friends on this side,
cause, whether one or all the causes I have enu- 11 and vice versa. But if you reject this amendment, |
merated, it is argued, and I think justly, that a and pass the bill as it is, with three cents on our let-
similar result will follow the reduction from ten ' ters, and one on our papers, you may expect to
and five as extremes to three. The sum of the r receive vastly more money within the next five i
two extremes in the othercase,thatis, the extremes | years, paid forpostageon mailable matter between I
before the reduction in 1845 and the extremes after t the two coasts, than you would at the present
that reduction, compared as two to one nearly; in rates, or the rates proposed by the amendment. If
this case as five to one. If the result shall corre- ,■ you will give us the bill as it now stands, you will
spond, I shall be glad of it. This is contended for,
and this is assigned why this new reduction should
be made. I desire to take the advocates of this
theory at their word, and I mean to insist that they
shall stand by their theory, which is, that the lower
rates will produce more revenue than the higher.
This being true, (and they are estopped from de-
nying,) this amendment is presented in the face
and eyes of their own theory, and, unless they
can show cause for taking this route out of the
operations of the general rule, the gentleman who
offens the amendment, and the gentlemen who vote
for it, provided they are converts to the theory
which has governed the committee while consid-
ering this bill, are .presented in the awkward posi-
tion of seeking to consummate a measure which,
by their own theory, would be ruin on the reve-
nue which they profess to seek to protect. And
the only question remaining to consider is, Is there
any special reason for the exception ?
1 have heard none, except what I have consid-
ered, and this additional one, that high postage in
this case would not have the usual effect, because
it is said we on the Pacific shall correspond with
our friends this side of the mountains anyhow!
If you seek to justify your course upon our neces-
sities—if you propose to profit by our misfortunes,
put the power into our hands of bringing to our
coast, through the agency of correspondence, mul-
titudes of our friends. You will enable us to peo-
ple the coast; but if you adopt this amendment, I
you diminish our power for this purpose by three
fourths. Pass the bill as it is, and you will have
consummated a measure, in comparison to which,
for its benefits to our coast, all other measures
heretofore passed dwindle into insignificance; but
if you adopt this amendment, you will have vir-
tually read us out of the pale of the nation, and
placed the discriminating hand ofunkindnessupon j
us, beneath which we will toil on with submis-
sion, but annually send up to these Halls the indig-
nant representations of an aggrieved people, till
the enlightened reflection of a generous nation
shall come to our aid and restore us to that
station of equality from which this amendment 1
seeks to remove us.
I have now, Mr. Chairman, examined the sev-
eral reasons, put forth in and out of this Hall, in
support of the amendment, whose fate here will,
in a few minutes, tell for weal or for woe on the
the people I represent. I have done my whole duty
in the premises; I have appealed to the sympathy i
of the nation through her representatives here; 1 1
, have addressed myself to theirunderstandingboth
and to tax us because, from our very position, we \ publicly and privately. My cause is before you,
must and tptM pay it—let it be openly avowed, j gentlemen, and whatever may be your decision I
and we will make our appeal to a magnanimous
people for redress. I need only to mention such
an idea, to draw down upon it the consuming fire
of an indignant and just people. But, if you deny
this to be the reason—which any man should
blush to own—what reason can be assigned ? I
have heard none, and I am bold to say none can
shall submit, as it becomes the law-abiding char-
acter of an American citizen. But this measure
is of such moment to us, I cannot close without
reminding you that, on the escutcheon of a great
nation, generosity to the weak shows to as good
advantage, and is quite as apt to draw down the ap-
, plause of the world, as rigid exactions, which,
, '  — —    J .1 ^flKUUV V.
be given upon which an American statesman, who ! 1 though thsy might be just, would nevertheless be .
SPEECH OF AIR. SMITH,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the Senate, January 16 and 17, 1851.
The bill " to provide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of Claims of American citizens for
Spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st July, 1801," being under consideration—
Mr. SMITH addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The question comprised in this
bill is, whether this Government is not under an
equitable obligation to make some indemnity to
those of our citizens who suffered by the spolia-
tion of the French anterior to the ratification of
the convention of 30th September, 1800. If I
were to consult my own feelings, I should be pre-
pared to refer this question to the judgment and
vote of the Senate without a single remark on
my part. The subject has been so long before
Congress, has been so often and so thoroughly
examined in reports submitted from time to time
in the Senate and House of Representatives, and
has also been so frequently and so ably discussed
on this floor and in tlie other wing of the Capitol,
that it would be presumptuous for me to expect
that I could add much of fact or argument to what
has already been offered on the subject. But, as
there are some honorable members of this body
who have not hitherto participated in the delibera-
tions of either branch of Congress on the question
before us, and as the essential facts of the case
may not be fresh in the recollection of other hon-
orable members, a representation of the more im-
portant features of the case may not be without
its use, and will, perhaps, be expected at my
hands.
The Senate can hardly fail to be struck with the
unexampled procrastination which has occurred
in making a disposition of this subject. It was
first introduced to the notice and consideration of
Congress, by Mr. Giles, of Virginia, on the 5th
of February, 1802, when he presented a memorial
in the House from merchants of the city of Bal-
timore, praying indemnity for the cause and rea-
son specified in this bill. From that day to this
they have been appealing to the national legisla-
ture for redress; but they have hitherto appealed in
vain. It has, therefore, been pending here nearly
half a century, and furnishes by iar the most
striking illustration which has occurred in the his-
tory of the country of the truth of the maxim, that
" delay is a denial of justice."
During the first part of this long period, the
subject seems not to have been well understood in
Congress. Many of the papers material to its
elucidation remained in the public archives, un-
Sublished and unknown. On the 5th day of
larch, 1824, the Senate passed a resolution re-
questing the President to lay all these papers be-
fore that body. On the 26th of March, 1826, Mr.
Clay, then Secretary of State, made a report in
conformity with the resolution, which contained
many papers that had not before appeared, and
which threw a flood of light on the subject. Mr.
Clay's report was printed, and constitutes docu-
ment 102, first session Nineteenth Congress, be-
ing an octavo volume of 1840 pages.
This collection of papers produced a decisive
effect in favor of the claimants. Every commit-
tee, whether of the Senate or House, who have
examined the subject since they were published,
have come unhesitatingly to the conclusion that
the claims are valid, and the obligation of the
Government full and complete.
The following is a list of the reports made to
the Senate since the first session of the Nineteenth
Congress:
1. 2d session 19th Cong., by Mr. Holmes, select comtee.
9. 1st do 20th do do Chambers, do
3. 2d do 20th do do do do
4. 1st do 21st do do Livingston, do
5. 2d do 21st do do do do
