11&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 16,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
6. lit session 22d Cong., by Mr. Wilkins, select com'tee.
7. 24 do 22d do do do do
8. 21 do 23d do do Webster, do
9. 2d do 27th do do Choate,Com. For. Rel.
10. 3d do 27th do do Archer, do
It. 1st do 28 h do do do do
12. 2d do 28th do do do do
13. 1st do 29th do do Clayton, select com'tee.
14. 2d do 29th do do Mnrehead, do
Thus it appears that no less than fourteen re-
ports, affirming the validity of these claims, have
been submitted to this body since 1826, without
including the one which I had the honor to make
from the select committee raised at the last ses-
sion, for which I claim no particular authority
with the Senate.
In the House, ten reports have been made from
the same date, exclusive of the one of the last
session, and all the same way, as follows:
1. 1st ses. 20th Cong., by Mr. E. Everett, Com. For. AfPs.
2. 2d do 29th do do do do
3. 2d do 23d do do do do
4. 2d do 23th do do Howard, do
5. 1st do 25th do do Cushing, do
6. 2d do 27th do do do do
7. 3d do 27th do do do do
8. 1st do 23th do do C. J. Ingeraoll, do
9. 1st do 29th do do T. Smith, do
10. 1st do 30th do do do do
If to the reports thus submitted to the Senate
and House we add the reports made to both at the
last session, we have no less than twenty-six re-
ports, (since the date already mentioned,) all con-
curring in the same views and arriving at the same
result. Many of these are exceedingly full and
elaborate, and some are distinguished by great
learning and ability. That of Edward Livingston
was presented to the Senate on the 22d February,
1830, (1st session Twenty-first Congress,) and
may be referred to as conclusive on the question
before us. No man, either as a statesman, pub-
licist, or lawyer, could be more competent to form
an opinion on this interesting subject than Mr.
Livingston; and a perusal of his report by hon-
orable members would render all further argument
superfluous. This wonderful unanimity of so
many committees—composed in several instances
of some of the ablest men who have ever occu-
pied seats in the two Houses of Congress—should,
it is believed, have great weight with the Senate.
The suggestion contained in the minority report
at the last session, that the uniform concurrence
of committees for so long a period is not entitled
to much consideration on account of the parlia-
mentary rule of courtesy, is unfounded. The
honorable Senator, [Mr. Hunter,] in that report,
says:
" It is a parliamentary rule to refer a subject to a commit-
tee that is favorable to it: and it is too much to ask that the
claimants should have not only the benefit of this rule, but
also acquire from this very indulgence a presumption in fa-
vor of their demands. If thi s parliamentary rule be pre-
served, and the reports of committees so constituted are to be
Considered as presumption of title on the part of claimants,
they must certainly succeed, if they will only persevere long
enough. Under this system, the older the claims the stronger
would be the presumption in their favor."
_ This is certainly a compendious way of getting
rid of the authority of such names as Livingston,
Holmes, Chambers, Wilkins, Webster, Choate,
and Morehead ! No such rule of courtesy is, or
has been, for a long time, observed in the two
Houses of Congress. The object of the Senate
in organizing its committees, whether standing or
select, is to insure a full, fair, and impartial inves-
tigation of all subjects of legislation, and particu-
larly of private claims. Who ever before decried
the well-considered opinions of committees of this
body on this practice of courtesy ? Are the opinions
of such a man as Edward Livingston to be set aside
on any such grounds ? Besides, in the House, the
subject has, since the first session of the Nineteenth
Congress, been uniformly referred to the appropri-
ate standing committee—that of Foreign Affairs.
And it is a little too much to claim now, that this
important committee has been for the last quarter
of a century uniformly organized with a view to
favor these claims. It is true they have, in the
Senate, been more generally referred to select com-
mittees; and if the Senator will have it that such
committees have been predisposed in their favor,
it has been because the Senate itself has been long
convinced that they should be allowed and paid;
and, in that view, the appointment of every select
committee would involve the expression of an opin-
101 j1]1-'? body favorable to their validity.
In addition to all this, we know that when even
the Houses have permitted themselves to act on
the subject, they have always declared in favor of
the equity and justice of the claims. In 1835,
(second session Twenty-third Congress,) a bill for
the relief of the claimants passed the Senate by a
vote of twenty-five in the affirmative to twenty in
the negative, and was sent to the House, but was
not taken up by that body. In 1844, (second ses-
sion Twenty-eighth Congress,) a similar bill passed
to a third reading in the Senate by a vote of twenty-
six yeas to fifteen nays, but was not ultimately
acted on or passed, for want of time. In 1846,
(first session Twenty-ninth Congress,) a like bill
passed the Senate by a vote of twenty-seven yeas
to twenty-three nays, and, being sent to the House,
passed that body at the same session by a vote of
ninety-four yeas to eighty-seven nays, and was
sent to the Executive, by whom it was vetoed, for
the following reasons:
1. The short time intervening between the pas-
sage of the bill and the adjournment of Congress
did not allow him to give the subject a sufficient '
examination. !
2. It was passed near the close of the session, !
when many measures of importance claimed the i
attention of Congress, and might not have received I
that "full and deliberate consideration which the
large sum it appropriated, and the then existing |
condition of the Treasury and the country de-
manded;" and therefore he deemed it to be his duty
to return it to the Senate, where it originated.
3. Antiquity of the claims. All of them had
their origin in events which had occurred prior to
1800, and they had been since 1802, from time to
time, before Congress. "No greater necessity or
propriety existed for providing for these claims
at that time than had existed for near half a cen-
tury."
4. " The Treasury has oflen been in a condition
to enable the Government" to satisfy these claims,
and it is to be presumed they would have done so
had they deemed them valid.
5. " Nothing was obtained for the claimants by
negotiation," not able to satisfy himself that the
Government had become in any way responsible.
6. The period "peculiarly unfavorable for the
satisfaction of claims of so large an amount." * *
" There is no surplus in the Treasury. A public
debt of several millions of dollars had been created
within the last few years. We were engaged in
a foreign war, uncertain in its duration, involving '
heavy expenditures, to prosecute which Congress
had at its then session authorized a further loan."
7. " The bill provides that they (the claimants)
shall be paid in land scrip, whereby they are made
in effect a mortgage on the public lands in the
new States," which he suggested would be con-
trary to the interests of that section and of the •
whole country.
8. "These claims are estimated to amount to a
much larger sum than $5,000,000; and yet the
claimant is required to release to the Government
all other compensation, and accept his share of the '
fund, which is known to be inadequate."
If I were to speak with no more than a proper
freedom of the incongruous reasons thus put for-
ward for vetoing such a bill, on the ground (as the
late President himself admitted) of " inexpediency
alone," I fear I might be thought to be wanting in i
respect for his memory; and therefore I shall con- i
tent myself with remarking that this paper must be ;
regarded by every candid mind as much less satis- !
factory than any other which emanated from his
pen while he filled the presidential office. In this
view the Senate must have concurred: for on the
return of the bill the vote on the question whether
it should pass, notwithstanding the veto, stood
twenty-seven in the affirmative to fifteen in the neg-
ative, requiring a change of only one vote to over-
rule the objections of the President by the consti-
tutional majority of two thirds. The majority in
favor of the bill originally was only four, but on
the final vote it was no less than twelve! And this
must be regarded as alike a rebuke of Executive
interposition to defeat a bill of this character, and
a strong expression of the body in favor of the
equity and justice of the claims themselves. We t
have, then, the subject again presented for our
consideration under circumstances of a deeply-in-
teresting import, which can hardly fail to arrest
the attention of this body. If these were claims
of an ordinary amount only, could there be any
doubt as to the disposition which they would re-
ceive at the hands of Congress? If there was
pending here a claim for $100,000, or even a half
million of dollars, and we were told that the sub-
ject had been favorably entertained by no less than
fifteen committees of the Senate and eleven of the
i House—that in no instance had a committee of
I either body reported adversely for a quarter of a
century—that the Senate had expressed its sense
in its favor on four different occasions and the
House on one—who would hesitate a moment to
vote for it? Would debate be necessary ? Would
it even be tolerated ?
Having thus shown what has been the action of
Congress on the subject, I shall proceed at once to
consider the entire case on its merits. And here I
would observe that every one conversant with the
j history of the country must be aware that our
i citizens had received, at the commencement of the
present century, extensive injuries at the hands of
France; partly by the non-fulfillment of her en-
gagements, and partly by aggression on our flag
; and commerce, alike violative of the obligations
' of existing treaties, and of the laws of nations.
1 These injuries—and particularly those of a tortu-
1 ous character—our Government for a long time
anterior to the 30th of September, 1800, exerted
I itself to repress, and to obtain indemnity at the
J hands of France. The whole diplomacy of the
two countries was for several years occupied with
the discussion and examination of the various pre-
tensions and claims which were advanced on the
one side or the other. Much irritation and acri-
mony were manifested by both Governments, and
the two nations came very near being involved in
a desolating war, which was only prevented by
the convention of the 30th of September, 1800. It
will be found, on examination of the correspond-
ence, that the claims made by the United States
in behalf of our citizens against France were as
i follows:
1. Contract cases or debts due from France for
supplies furnished by our citizens to her West
India Islands and to the Home government or con-
tinental France.
2. Embargo cases, being claims for damages
occasioned by an embargo laid by France for her
own purposes, in 1793-"94, on a large number of
American vessels lying in the harbor of Bordeaux.
3. Vessels and their cargoes which had been
illegally seized or captured, but which had not
been definitively condemned at the date of the con-
vention of the 30th September, 1800.
4. Cases wherein the wrong had been fully con-
summated, or where France had, by a final con-
demnation, appropriated American property to
her own use.
This last class was much more numerous, ex-
tensive, and important than all the other classes
together. It comprised depredations extending
over more than seven years, which were substan-
tially of a piratical character, sweeping millions
of American commerce from the ocean, and con-
signing thousands of our citizens to penury and
want. To the end that the Senate may be enabled
to form a just appreciation of these enormities, I
invite attention to the principal arretes or decrees
under or by virtue of which the captures and con-
fiscations were made.
1. Decree of the National Convention of the
9th of May, 1793.
The Convention, after considering that " the
flag of neutral powers was not respected by the
enemies of France," and that the French people
were no longer permitted to fulfill towards the
neutral powers in general the vows they have so
often manifested, and which they would constantly
make for the full and entire security of commerce
and navigation, proceeded to decree as follows:
" Art. 1. The French ships of war and privateers may
arrest and bring into the ports of the Republic the neutral
vessels which shall be laden, wholly or in part, either with
articles of provisions belonging to neutral nations, and des-
tined for an enemy's port, or with merchandises belonging
to an enemy.
" Art. 2. The merchandises belonging to an enemy shall
be declared good prize, and confiscated to the profit of the
captors. The articles of provisions belonging to nentral
nations, and laden for an enemy's port, shall be paid for
according to their value in the place to which they were
destined.
" Art. 3. In all cases the nentral vessels shall be released
as soon as the nnlading of the articles of provision arrested
or of the merchandise seized shall have been effected. The
freight thereof shall be paid at the rate which shall bare
