1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
31st Cong. ...2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
been stipulated by the persons who shipped them. A just
indemnification shall be allowed in proportion to their de-
tention by the tribunals who are to have cognizance of the
validity of the prizes.
" Art. 4. These tribunals shall be bound to transmit,
three days after their decision, a copy of the inventory of
the said articles of provision or merchandise to the Minis-
ter of Marine, and another to the Minister for Foreign Af-
fairs.
just foundation for the most serious reclamations
by the United States in behalf of her citizens, and
imposed on our Government the grave duty of
pursuing the subject until ample indemnities were
obtained at the hands of the aggressor. And here
i I would present the views taken by the American
Executive of the the character of the decrees al-
"Art. 5. The present law, applicable to all the prizes ready quoted, and of the proceedings of France
j~ . = <• "--'i under the same, from which it will be easy to de- 1
duce a proper estimate of the rights of our citi-
zens, and of the obligations which the circum-
stances imposed on the United States. These
views will sufficiently appear from the following
extracts from some of the most material of the
papers that have been so long before the Senate
and the country.
1. Extract from the report of the Secretary of
State, dated June 21, 1797, respecting depreda-
i tions committed on the commerce of the United
which have been made since the declaration of war, shall
cease to have effect as soon as the enemy's powers shall
have declared free and not seizable, although destined for
the ports of the Republic, the articles of provision belong-
ing to neutral nations, and the merchandises laden in neu-
tral vessels, and belonging to the Government or citizens of
France."—Vide Doc. 102,1st sess. 19th Cong., p. 43.
2. Decree of the Executive Directory of the 2d
July, 1796:
" The Executive Directory, considering that, if it be-
comes the faith of the French nation to respect treaties or
conventions which secure to the flags of some neutral or
friendly powers commercial advantages, the result of which .j
is to be common to the contracting powers, those same ad- \ i States:
vantages, if they should turn to the benefit of our enemies,
either through the weakness of our allies or of neutrals, or
through fear, through interested views, or through what-
ever motives, would in fact warrant the inexecution of the
articles in which they were stipulated, decrees as follows:
" Ail neutral or allied powers shall, without delay, be
notified that the flag of the French Republic will treat neu-
tral vessels, either as to confiscation, as to searches, or cap-
ture, in the same manner as they shall suffer the English to
treat them."—Vide Doc. 102, p. 149.
3. Decree of the Executive Directory of the 2d
March, 1797:
" In conformity to the law of the 14th February, 1793, the
regulations of the 21st October, 1794, and of the 26th July,
1778, as to the manner of proving the right of property in
neutral ships and merchandise, shall be executed according
to their form and tenor.
" In consequence, every American vessel shall be a good
prize which has not on board a list of the crew (role d'equi-
page) in proper form, such as is prescribed by the model an-
nexed to the treaty of the 6th February, 1778, a compliance
with which is ordered by the 25th and 27th articles of the
same treaty."—Vide Doc. 102, p. 163.
4. Decree of the Council of Ancients and of the
Council of Five Hundred, of the 18th January,
1798:
" Art. 1. The character of vessels, relative to their
quality of neuter or enemy, shall be determined by their
cargo; in consequence, every vessel found at sea, loaded
in whole or in part with merchandise the production of
England or of her possessions, shall be declared good prize,
whoever the owner of these goods or merchandise may be.
" Art. 2. Every foreign vessel which, in the course of
her voyage, shall have entered into an English port, shall
not be admitted into a port of the French Republic, except
in cases of necessity; in which case she shall be bound to
depart from said port as soon as the causes of her entry i
shall have ceased."—Doc. 102, p. 377. I
The atrocity of these decrees will appear, in I
comparing them with the stipulation's of the trea- !
ty of amity and commerce oetween the United ,
States and France of the 6th of February, 1778, |
and particularly with the 6th, 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th, 23d, 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th and 28th articles
of that treaty, which guaranty to the United States,
in case France should be involved in a war with
any other power, the most entire and perfect free-
dom of the seas. I will only recur to the most
material of these articles, which is the 23d, and is
as follows:
" Art. 23. It shall be lawful for all citizens, and singu-
lar the subjects of the most Christian King, and the citizens,
people, and inhabitants of the said United States, to sail
with their ships with all manner of liberty and security, no
distinction being made, who are the proprietors of the mer-
chandises laden thereon, from any port to the places of those
who now are or hereafter shall be at enmity with the most
Christian King or the United States. It shall likewise be
lawful for the subjects and inhabitants aforesaid to sail with
the ships and merchandises aforementioned, and to trade
with the same liberty and security from the places, ports,
and havens of those who are enemies of both or either par-
ty, without any opposition or disturbance whatsoever, not
only directly from the places aforementioned to neutral
places, but also from one place belonging to an enemy to an-
other plac* belonging to an enemy, whether they be under
the jurisdiction of the same prince or under several. And
it is hereby stipulated that free ships shall alse give a free-
dom to goods, and that everything shall be deemed to be
free and exempt which shall be found on board the ships
belonging to the subjects of either of the confederates, al-
though the whole lading, or any part thereof, should apper-
tain to the enemies of either, contraband goods being al-
ways excepted. It is also agreed in like manner that the
same liberty be extended to persons who are on board a free
ship, with this effect, that although they be enemies to both
or either party, they are not to be taken out of that free ship
unless they are soldiers and in actual service of the ene-
mies."
The proceedings of France, under the decrees
already quoted, were not only a violation of the
treaty of amity and commerce, but were equally
an infraction of the laws of nations, and laid a
" Besides these several decrees, and others, which, being
more limited, the former have superseded, the old marine
ordinances of France have been revived and enforced with
severity both in Europe and the West Indies. The want
of, or informality in, a bill of lading; the want of a certified
list of the passengers and crew, the supercargo being by
birth a foreigner, although a naturalized citizen of the Uni-
ted States; the destruction of a paper of any kind soever;
and the want of a sea-letter, have been deemed sufficient to
warrant a condemnation of American property, although
the proofs of the property were indubitable.
" The West Indies, as before remarked, have exhibited
the most lamentable scenes of depredation. Indeed, the
conduct of the public agents and of the commissioned cruis-
ers there has surpassed all former examples. The Ameri-
can vessels have not only been captured under the decrees
before mentioned, but, when brought to trial in the French
tribunals, the vessels and cargoes have been condemned,
without admitting the owners or their agents to make any
defence.
" This seems to be done systematically, and for the ob-
vious purpose of insuring condemnation. By this mon-
strous abuse in judicial proceedings, frauds and falsehoods,
as well as flimsy and shameless pretexts, pass unexamined
and uncontradicted, and are made the foundation of sen-
tences of condemnation.
" The persons, also, of our citizens have been beaten,
insulted, and cruelly imprisoned, and in the forms used to-
wards prisoners of war they have be eft exchanged with the
British for Frenchmen. American property going to or
coming from neutral or even French ports has been seized;
it has even been forcibly taken when in their own porta,
I without any pretence, or no other than that they wanted it.
i At the same time, their cruisers are guilty of wanton and
! barbarous excesses, by detaining, plundering, firing at, burn-
: ing, and distressing American vessels."—Doc. 10*2, p. 407.
2. Extract from the report of the Secretary of
State, on the transactions relating to the United
States and France, since the last communication
] to Congress on that subject, dated January 18,
! 1849:
j " But what has been more notoiious than French depre-
dations on neutral, and especially on American commerce,
in violation of treaties and the law of nations? Thesehave
been coeval with the existing war in Europe, but were
multiplied under the loose decree of the Executive Direc-
tory, passed the 2d of July, 1796, declaring that < the flag of
the French Republic will treat neutral vessels, either as to
confiscation, to searches, or to capture, in the same man-
ner as they shall suffer the English to treat them.'
" This decree committed the whole commerce of neu-
trals, in the first instance, to the rapacity of the French
privateers, and then to the discretion of their agents, con-
suls, and tribunals. These had only to say, truly or falsely,
that the English treated neutrals in any given way, and
then they were to treat them in the same manner. Accord-
ingly, we have seen Santhonax and Raimond, commission-
ers of the French Government in St. Domingo, in their ad-
judication of an American vessel, on the 10th of January,
1797, declare: * that the resolution (or decree) passed by the
Executive Directory on the 2d of July, 1796, prescribes to
all the armed vessels of the Republic, and the armed ves-
sels belonging to individuals, to treat neutral vessels in the
same manner as they suffer the English to treat themand
' that it is in consequence of the above resolution of the
Executive Directory, and in consequence of the manner in
which the English Government, in the Antilles, treat neutral
vessels, that the commission passed their resolution of the 7th
of January, by which they declare all neutral vessels bound
to or from English ports to be legal prize.' From these facts
and the tenor of the decree itself, we can form but one con-
clusion, that it was framed in such indefinite terms on pur-
pose to give scope for arbitrary construction, and conse-
quently, for unlimited oppression and vexation.
" Bu^without waiting for this decree, the commissioners
of the French Government at St. Domingo began their
piracies on the commerce of the United States, and in
February, 1797, wrote to the Minister of Marine, (and the
extract of the letter appeared in the official journal of
the Executive Directory, of the 5th of June,) ' That, having
found no resource in finance, and knowing the unfriendly
disposition of the Americans, and to avoid perishing in dis-
tress, they had armed for cruising, and that already eighty-
seven cruisers were at sea, and that for three months pre-
ceding the administration had subsisted and individuals
been enriched with the products of those prizes.' 'That
the decree of the 2d of July was not known by them until
five months afterwards. But (say they) the shocking con-
duct of the Americans, and the indirect knowledge of the
intentions of our Government, made it our duty to order re-
prisals, even before we had received the official notice of
the decree.' 'They felicitate themselves that American
vessels were daily taken, and declare that they had learnt,
by divers persons from the continent, that the Americans
were perfidious, corrupt, the friends of England, and that
therefore their vessels no longer entered the French ports,
unless carried in by force.'
" After this recital before the council of Five Hundred,
Pastoret makes the following remarkable reflections:
" ' On reading this letter, we should think that we had
been dreaming—that we had been transported into a savage
country, where men, still ignorant of the empire of morals
and of laws, commit crimes without shame and without re-
morse, and applaud themselves for their robberies as Paulus
iEmilius or Cato would have praised themselves for an
eminent service rendered to their country. Cruisers armed
against a friendly nation! Reprisals, when it is we our-
i selves who attack! Reprisals against a nation that has not
i taken a single vassel of ours ! Riches acquired by thecon-
I fiscation of the ships of a people to whom we are united by
treaties, and whom no declaration of war had separated
from us! The whole discourse of the agents may be re-
duced to these few words : i Having nothing wherewith to
1 buy, I seize. I made myself amends for the property which
I want by the piracy which cnriches me, and then I slander
those whom I have pillaged.' This is robbery justified by
selfishness and calumny.'
Yet Santhonax—one of these {robbers,1 and the chief
of those directorial agents—continued in office, and, going
i a few months afterwards from St. Domingo to France, was
received as a member into one of the legislative councils.
" Pastoret also adverts to a letter from Merlin, then Min-
ister of Justice, and now a member of the Executive Di-
rectory, to Mr. Skipwith, Consul General of the United
States, which also appeared in the journal of the Directory,
and quotes the following passage : ' Let your Government
break the inconceivable treaty which is concluded on the
19th of November, 1794, with our most implacable enemies,
and immediately the French Republic will cease to apply
in its own favor the regulations in that treaty which favor
' England to the injury of France; and I warrant you that
I we shall not see an appeal to those regulations in any tribu-
nal to support unjust pretensions
" Have I (says Pastoret) read this rightly ? Unjust pre-
tensions ! Could it be possible that they should thus have
been characterized by the minister who is himself their
agent and defender?"—Doc. 102, p. 434.
4. Extract from the instructions to Messrs.
Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray, envoys extraor-
dinary and ministers plenipotentiary of the United
States to the French Kepublic, dated October 22,
1799:
" The second proposition, respecting the role d'equipage,
as well as the first, should be insisted on. Until the decree
of the Directory of March 2,1797, was passed, and we had
felt its fatal effects, we had no idea of the meaning which
the French applied to the phrase role d'equipage. In the
consular convention between the United States and France,
article ninth, which relates to deserters from vessels, the
document is described in the French by the words 1 des
registers du batiment ou role d'equipage,1 and in the English
part of the convention by the words (the registers of the
vessel or ship's roll.'' And this paper was to be produced
to the proper judge to prove a deserter to belong to the ves-
sel in question. The law or usage of each nation was in-
contestably to direct what was proper for its own vessels in
this respect. If an American master claimed from a judge
in France his warrant to arrest a deserter, he must have
produced his 'ship's roll,' or what in the United States is
lj called his shipping paper ; which is a contract signed by all
i! the persons composing a vessel's crew.
" The propriety and necessity of a ship's roll was in the
year 1770, sanctioned and enforced by an act of Congress.
"And without such a written contract the master, besides
being subjected to other disadvantages, could not claim his
men when they deserted. This ship's roll every Ameri-
can master, bound on a foreign voyage, takes on board his
vessel; and unquestionably every American vessel cap-
tured and condemned by the French for the want of a role
d'equipage has nevertheless been possessed of the ship's
roll just described; and it is the only list of the ship's crew
which could ever have been contemplated by the United
States as necessary for American vessels. There never
was, indeed, any intimation on the part of France from
1778, when the treaty of amity and commerce was made,
until the passing of the decree of the Directory in March,
1797, that a role d'equipage other than the ship's roll or
shipping paper would oe required. It was then suddenly
demandea and the decree (like the law of January, 1798,
respecting articles of the produce or manufacture of Great
Britain) was instantly enforced, and became a snare to the
multitudes of American vessels, which, for want of pre-
vious notice, would not have on board the document in
question—if their Government should permit them to re-
ceive a document which they were under no obligation to
produce; for it cannot, with any semblance of justice, be
pretended that the vessels of one nation are bound to fur-
nish themselves with papers in forms prescribed by the
laws of another. And if we resort to the treaty of 1778, or
to toe sea-letter, or passport annexed to it, on which letter
the Directory pretended to found their decree concerning
the (role d'equipage,' we shall see that these words are not
to be found in either."—Doc. 102, p. 563.
No language which I can use would give to the
Senate a more vivid conception of the enormities
committed by France on the property and persons
of American citizens—injuries which it was the
solemn duty of our Government to redress at any
and every hazard. To protect the subject from the
is one of the fir st duties
rovernment, and is one of the returns
