1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
the notice of ike legislature, to one branch of
wlufh, ealM the '* Corps Legialatif," Citizen
Roderer (oae of the ministers on the part of France
who negotiated the convention of 1800) made, on
tl* 3Cth of November, 1801, full explanations of
the views and motives of the French Government
in negotiatiag that convention, when he remarked
(on the poial now under consideration) as fol-
lows:
" TV reservation of opening ulterior negotiations rela-
tive to the treaties and the indemnities has been consigned
in the second Irtlrlf, of which it ha* been the sole object.
Bat the fear of awakening lively discussions, and of view-
ing any attention in the good harmony which ought to be
the happy resalt of the other stipulation*, has caased this
aeeoad article to be suppressed in the acts of ratification,
nil is a prudwni and amicable ressiitidiim
•/ I kt rtspectir* mrtitntiotu wiick wtre expressed in 14c
«r#icle."
3. Bonaparte, while at St Helena, is reported
by Mr. Grourgnud, in his Memoirs, vol. 2, p. 95,
to hare adverted to the same subject, remarking:
4 Tbe suppression of this article (th*  9d) at once pat an
*nd 10 tie privileges which France bad by the treaties of
177$, awl annalled the jast claims whieh America aught
lare Made for iajarie« done ia (um of peace."
miUCilf AtTTHOaiTT.
1. Extract from a letter dated April 17, 1803,
from Mr. Livingston, American Minister at Paris,
to Mr. Talleyrand, Minister of Exterior Relations
of the French Republic:
" It wiS, sir, he weD recollected bv the distingaished
cteneten who had the Management of the negotiations,
that the payment tor illegal captares, with damages and in-
deauutie*, wu demanded on one side, and the renewal of
the treat)' of I7&* on the other; that tJkey itere considered
4U of evmraient value, and that they only formed the subject
of the ad arode."—Doc. 102, 1st sess. 19th Cong., p. 717.
2. Extract from a letter dated February 6,1804, .
from Mr. Madison, Secretary of State, to Mr.
Charles Pinckney, American Minister to Spain:
" The claim*, again, from whieh France was released
(aemaing by the suppression of the 3d article) were admit-
ted by France, and tkti release was/or a vahtaWe consider-
ation is a corretpemdeni release of the United State* from
certai« daiMtt on them. The claims we make on Spain
were never admitted by France, nor made on France by the
United States; they made no part of the bargain with her,
ami coaid not he tneiadedia the release."—Doc. 103,1st
mem. 19th Ceng-, p. 795.
Thus it appears that oar Government, by the
suppression of the 3d article, taken in connection
with the declaration of the French Executive,
(contained in the act of ratification,) to the effect
that the two States were to be understood to re-
nounce thereby " the respective pretensions-which
were the object of the 2d article," made a bargain
seitfc France, releasing her from these spoliation claims,
(according to Mr. Madison,) "/or a valuable
coifiTDEaiTiov, in m correspondent release of the
United States from certain claims on them," which
claims, on the one side and the other, were (as
Mr. Livingston observed) " considered of equiva-
lent Tnlue," making their renunciation (as Mr.
Roderer suggested) " prudent and amicable;" and
this " at once" (as Bonaparte declared) " put an
cod to the privileges which France had by the trea-
ties of 1778, and annulled the just claims which
America might have made for injuries done in time
of peace."
The view then taken by Bonaparte, Roderer,
Madison, and Livingston, of the object and effect
of the suppression of the 3d article, is fully sus-
tained by Mr. Clay in his report of the 20th of
May, 1836, from which I submit an extract, as
follows:
"The two contracting parties thns agreed, by the re-
trenchment of the second article, mutually to renounce the
respective pretensions which were the object of that article. •
The pretensions of the lTnited States, to which allusion is
thus made, arose out of the spoliations, nnder color of
French authority, in contravention to law and existing trea-
ties. Those of France sprung from the treaty of alliance
of the 6th of February, 1778, the treaty of amity and com-
merce of the same date, and the convention of the 14th of
November, 1788. Whatever obligations or indemnities
ftom these soarces either party had a right to demand wen
respectively waived and abandoned, and the consideration
. which induced one party to renounce his pretensions was '
that of the renunciation by the other party of his preten-
sions. What was the value of the obligations and indem- ■
nines so reciprocally renounced, can only be matter of
speculation. The amount of the indemnities dne to the
citizens of the United States was very large, and on the
other hand the obligation was great (to specify no othor
French pretensions) under which the United States were
placed, in the 11th article of the treaty of alliance of the
6th of February, 1778, by which they were bound forever
to guaranty from that time the then possessions of the
crown of France in America, as well as those which it
might acquire by the future treaty of peace with Great
Britain; aH these possessions having been, it is believed,
conquered at, ar not long alter, the exchange of the ratifica-
tions of the convention of September 1800, by the arms of
Great Britain, from France."
1 But, in order to a just and accurate apprecia-
tion of the entire subject, it is necessary for me ]
to brin  before the Senate the pretensions ad-
vanced by the French Government in opposition
lo the claims of our own, and to show what were
their character and extent, and then to trace the
negotiation between the American Envoys, Ells-
worth, Davie, and Murray, and the French minis-
ters, Joseph Bonaparte, Fleurieu, and Roderer,
step by step, to the consummation of the 30th
September, 1800; from all of which I shall de-
duce the correctness of the assertion of Mr. Mad-
ison, that we obtained from France " a valuable
consideration" for releasing her from the claims
now before the Senate.
feench claims or pretensions.
To present these claims properly, it is necessary
to recur to the 11th article of the treaty of alliance,
the 17th and 22d articles of the treaty of amity and
commerce, and to the 12th article of the consular
convention of the 18th of November, 1788, by
which it will appear that France acquired, in con-
sideration of her engagements to cooperate with
all her forces to assert the independence and sover-
eignty of the United States, and the liberties of
the people of this country, certain rights and
privileges, to the exclusion of all other nations,
and particularly Great Britain, her hereditary
enemy, of the utmost importance to her, and in no
small degree onerous and embarrassing to us.
The 11th article of the treats) of alliance.
"The two parties guaranty mutually from the present
time, and forever against all other powers, to wit: The Uni-
ted Slates to his Most Christian Majesty the present posses-
sions of the crown of France in America, as well as those
which it may acquire by the future treaty of peace : And
his Most Christian Majesty guaranties on his part to the
United States their liberty, sovereignty, and independence,
absolute and unlimited, as well in matters of government as
1 commerce; and also their possessions, and the additions or
conqaests that their confederation may obtain during the
, war from any of the dominions now or heretofore possessed
by Great Britain in North America, conformable to the 5th
and 6th articles above-written; the whole, as their posses-
sions, shall be fixed and assured to the said States at the
moment of the cessation of their present war with Eng-
land."
17Ik article of the treaty of amity and commerce:
" it shall be lawful for ships of war of either party, and
privateers, freely to carry withersoever they please theships
and goods taken from their enemies, without being obliged
to pay any duty to the officers of the admiralty or any other
judges; nor shall such prises be arrested or seized when
they come to and enter the ports of either party; nor shall
the searchers or other officers of those places search the
same, or make examination concerning the lawfulness ot
such prizes; but they may hoist sail at any time and de-
part and carry their prizes to the places expressed in their
commissions, which the commanders of such ships-of-war
shall be obliged to show ; on the contrary, no shelter or
refuge shall be given in their ports to such as shall have
made prize of the subjects, people, or property of either ot
the parties; but if such shall come in, being forced by
stress of weather, or the danger of the sea, all proper means
shall be vigorously used that they go out and retire from
thence as soon as possible."
22d article qf the same treaty:
" It shall not be lawful for any foreign privateers, not
belonging to subjects of the Most Christain King, nor citi-
zens of the said United States, who have commissions from ,
any other prince or State in enmity with either nation, to
fit their ships in the ports ofeither the one or the other of
the aforesaid parties, to sell what they have taken, or in
any other manner whatsoever to exchange their ships, mer-
chandises, or any other lading; neither shall they ue al-
lowed even to purchase victuals, except such as shall be
necessary for their going to the next port of that prince or
State from which they have commissions."
12th article of the consular convention. ;
" All differences and suits between the subjects of the
Most Christian King, in the United States, or between the
citizens of the United States within the dominion of the
Most Christian King, and particularly all disputes relative
to the wages and terms of engagements of the crews of the i
respective vessels, and all ditferences, of whatever nature |
they be, which may arise between the privates of the said ,
crews, or between any of tliein and their captains, or be-
tween the captains of different vessels of their nation, shall
be determined by the respective consuls and vice consuls,
either by a reference to arbitrators or by a summary judg-
ment. without costs. No officer of the country, either civil
or military, shall interfere therein, or take any part what- ,
ever in the matter; and the appeals from the said consular
sentences shall be carried before the tribunals of France or
of the United States, to whom it may appertain to take cog-
nizance thereof.
By the eleventh article of the treaty of alliance,
France, by guarantying to the United States "their
liberty, sovereignty, and independence, absolute [j
and unlimited, as well in matters of government
as commerce, " and also their possessions, together
| with the additions and conquests that their con-
federation might obtain during the war, assumed
very grave obligations, which she fulfilled in the
most noble and generous manner, by sending a
powerful fleet on to our coast, and by landing a
large army on our shores, which zealously and
effectually cooperated with our own forces, and
enabled us to assert and maintain the memorable
declaration of the 4th of July, 1776. On the other
hand, we guarantied to her forever her then pos-
sessions in America, as well as those which shte
might acquire by the future treaty of peace. This
was what is called a perpetual guarantee, and im-
posed an obligation to maintain for France her
possessions to the end of time. We bound our-
selves to extend to her in any future war in which
she might be engaged all such succors as the exi-
gencies of the case might require—exigencies
which would be likely to become exceedingly
urgent, as her enemy would certainly be Great
Britain, who, by means of her maritime strength,
would be quite likely to assail those possessions
with effect. This placed us in an exceedingly
critical condition, and so mixed up and blended the
United States with the relations and affairs of
France, that it would be quite difficult to escape
any war in which she might be involved with Great
Britain. These hazards would have been greatly
enhanced, had the guarantee remained, by the
ascendency which the British navy ultimately ob-
tained on the seas. At the era of the treaty of al-
liance, France was an important maritime power,
and very nearly, if not quite, a match for Great
Britain; but the exploits of Nelson, and of othtr
able leaders of the British navy, soon turned the
scale against her, and swept her flag from the
ocean, and put the French possessions in America
at the mercy of her enemy. It will be recollected
that the French possessions protected by our guar-
antee were considerable. They consisted of Cay-
enne, (on the continent,) the islands of St. Domingo,
Martinique, Guadaloupe, St. Lucia, St. Vincent,
Tobago, Deseada, and Marie Galante, in the West
Indies, and of the islands of St. Pierre and Mique-
lon, in the Gulf of St. Lawrence. These posses-
sions were mostly captured long before the 30th of
September, 1800—were restored, if I mistake not,
by the treaty of Amiens, and recaptured by Great
Britain at early periods after the war was resumed.
Indeed, I cannot see how we could have fulfilled
the guarantee without entering ourselves into the
contest; and it is certain we should have been
obliged to afford, from time to time, large and
costly succors, which would have been alike a
burden on our treasury and hazardous to our peace.
And, what is more, had we not extricated ourselves,
by the convention of 1800, from these entangle-
ments, the guarantee would have remained to this
day, and we should be liable to be called on now,
or at any time hereafter, to fulfill its obligations.
Besides, by the 17th and 22d articles of the
treaty of amity and commerce, we made our con-
nection with France still more intimate and em-
barrassing. We bound ourselves to pursue a
course of marked partiality in her favor, in the
event of her being engaged in any future war with
a third power. It is true, reciprocal rights or privi-
leges were secured to the United States; but they
were comparatively of little importance, as both
the position and interest of the United States would
lead them to the cultivation of peaceful relations
with all the world. There was every probability,
at the date of the treaty of amity and commerce,
that Great Britain and France would be the par-
ties to be involved in future wars, while the United
States would occupy the position of neutrals. The
stipulations, therefore, of the 17th and 22d articles,
though nominally mutual , were mainly in favor of
France, and were of inestimable value to her. By
these articles we agreed that France should have
an exclusive right of asylum in our ports, and be
entitled to a free admission of her ships of war
and privateers with their prizes, and that we would
exclude substantially those of her enemy. The
advantage which this would afford to France, in
the event of a war with Great Britain, can be seen
at a glance. She could not only take refuge with
us with her armed ships, to avoid her enemy, or
to escape storms, and she could not only remain
ad libitum, to repair, refit, and revictual, but she
