1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31 st Cong 2b Sess.
Claim for French Spoliations—Mr. Smith.
Senate.
'fonutiwD recently received from the French col-1
•outcs and ilie continent of America leaves no
' rxwra to doubt that French cruisers, or such as
'call themselves French, have infringed the laws
'of the Republic relative to cruising and prizes;
' that foreigner* and pirates have abused the lati-
tude allowed at Cayenne, and in the West Indian
' laUiuls, to vessels fitted out for cruising or for
* war aitd commerce, in order to rover with the
* French flag their extortions, and the violation of
' the respect due to the law of nations, and to the
'persons and property of allies and neutrals,"
they proceed to lay down and establish a variety
of rules and regulations to put down the atrocities
of winch we had so long complained.—Dot. 103,
fgt 319. That this decree was intended for the
relief of American commerce we know from a let-
ter addressed by M. Talleyrand to Mr. Gerry,
dated August 3, 179^, in which he communicated
the foregoing decree to that gentleman, and then
added: "It depends on the Lnited States, in par-
ticular, to cause every misunderstanding to disap-
pear between them and the French Republic."
On the feh of the same month, M.Talleyrand
wrote to Mr. Skipwith.our consul general at Paris,
inviting attention to the same decree, and then ob-
serves: '"You will see, bevond a doubt, in the
intentions and acts of the Directory, a motive to
effect the commercial security of your fellow-citi-
zens as long aa it shall be kept within just limits."
So that clearly the object of the decree was to con-
ciliate the Umted States, and that, too, after we
had adopted several of the very measures which
it is now said placed us at war with France.
The next step taken by the French Government
was to direct the discharge of the crews of Ameri-
can embargoed vessels, by a circular addressed by
Um  Minister of Marine to the agents of marine at
the ports of the Republic, dated August 13, 1798.
In this circular I find the following:
" I nsirt, cittxcn, by tfae correspondence of the greater
part of UK governor* ot Uit- ports, that the embargo laid rf-
rcslly upon American vessels ba* produced the detention of
their cr*w*- The intentions of Government have been ill
SRdmtood. fcr the adoption of a measure that, in the first
place, coaffuaiti the afct; of those vessels, and, in the
seeead. set nan to place as la a hostile attitude agaiBst the
United Stales; wben, on the contrary, the acts of Govern-
ment evince the desire to maintain a good understanding
between the two Republics."—Doe. 109, p. 548.
So that France had no idea of being involved in
a war with the United States at that date.
On the 18th of the same month the same minis-
ter addressed a circular to the principal officers,
civil and military, of the ports, conceived in the
same kind and friendly spirit, in which he says:
" Oar political situation with regard to the United States,
etaxrn, uotbanug undergone, up to this day, any change
thai might have an influence upon the attention* due to
antral nation?, I think it unnecessary to bring to your recol-
lection that no attempt shoald be made against the security
aad liberty of persons composing the (Ltats Majors) offi-
cers aud (equipages; crews of every American vessel that is
Joan*} regular, and that the same course shall be observed
•awards all passengers and other citizens of the United
■Man, Aarauiwd with passports or necessary protections.
Yoa will aae the strictest vigilance, that the intentions of
Government in this respect be followed by ail persons under
yoar romaand; and if any of them have failed in the due
execution thereof, you will do justice to the demand which
«nU be addressed to you, as man as you shall have ascer-
tained their validity.—Doe. 108, p. 548.
On the 20th M. Talleyrand communicated these
areolars to our Consul General, and remarked that
" their contents will prove to you the intention of
the Government to remedy the abuses committed
against its intentions."—Doc. 102, p. 549.
But a step much more important was taken by
France on the 16th of August, when the Direct-
ory, by a decree, raised the embargo which had
been laid on American vessels. This decree ex-
presses so fully what was the real policy France
had decided to pursue towards the United States,
that I deem it material to produce it entire. It was
as follows:
"The Exeentive Directory considering that, notwith-
rtaa-Hngthe hostile manifestations of the Government of the
I niled Stales wbirh have occasioned a momentary embargo
apoa their w—li, it most be believed that, unless abandoned
to the passions of die British cabinet, that Government,
faithful to the interests of the American nation, will take
measures eonfonoable to the paeific dispositions of the
French republic, alter it shall receive a confirmation of
then, and wishing to pursue the friendly and fraternal habits
of France towards a people whose liberty it defended, de-
crees as follow*:
abt. 1. " The embargo laid upon American vessels shall
be i—milialsly raised.
Abt. 9. "The Minister of Man Be and of the Colonies j
is charged with the eiecuuon of the present decree, which !
shall not be printed."
France was then pursuing a pacific line of policy
towards the United States, on the 16th of August,
119$. The war existed at thataery time, accord-
ing to the authority of those who want to get rid
of these spoliation claims.
But more conclusive evidence on this point will
be found in a truly able and highly interesting letter
from M. Talleyrand to the Minister of Justice,
dated as late as the 13th of December, 1799, in
which he discussed at considerable length the va-
lidity of the celebrated decree of the role d'equi-
page, which haveproved so destructive to American
commerce, and indicates a strong opinion against
it. In speaking of the decree, he inquires, " is it
not a manifest intention to find infringers every-
where?" and then adds:
'• A roJ* J'tfrnifage on hoard has been demanded of the
Americans: where was that obligation taken! I n the reg-
ulations. Then they must have opened those regulations
and conformed themselves to them, in order to escape the
confiscation. So they did; and nowadays they would be
condemned for so having done.
" They would be condemned for not having done the thing
according to formalities, whose obligation appeared dubi-
ous, and which afterwards was confessed not to exist."
He concludes his letter with the following sig-
nificant remarks:
" This is, dear colleague, the manner in which I consider
the question. I shall add that it is not in the moment when
the Directory is to gather the fruits of the conciliatory meas-
ures they have taken to prevent hostile combinations be-
tween England and America, it would be politic to support
the new difficulty raised up by our privateers; winch, if
consecrated, (and it could not he but by authonty, and by
no means after the spint nor the meaning of the law* or
treaties,) would occasion numbers of new confiscations,
and revive in the United States the general discontent, hith-
erto the greatest, and I could say the only force of the Amer-
ican Government against us."—Doc. 102, pp. 553-4-5.
Here we have a perfect key to the entire policy
of France towards the United States, while the
defensive measures authorized by Congress were
in full operation. It will be recollected that the
letter was written more than eighteen months after
the annulment of the treaties, and after Congress
had authorized the public vessels of the United
States to attack and capture the armed vessels of
France. During that period, says M. Talleyrand,
in effect we have been pursuing a conciliatory
policy towards the United States "to prevent hos-
tile combinations" between them and England;
and then he adds, it is not at the moment when the
Directory are expecting to reap the fruits of that
policy that it would be politic to support the pre-
tensions of our privateers under the decree of the
role d'tquipagr, contrary to the spirit of the laws
and treaties, which would occasion numbers of
new confiscations, and revive in the United States
a general discontent. Does this look like war, or
anything approaching it ?
In the letter of tne French Ministers to the
American Envoys Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray,
under date of August 11, 1800, I find the follow-
ing passage pertinent to the question I am now dis-
cussing:
" Tn the first place, they will insist upon the principle al-
ready laid down in their former note, viz : that the treaties
which united France and the United States are not broken ;
that even war could not have broken them; but that the
state of misunderstanding which has existed for some time
between France and the United States by the act of sonic
agent* rather than by the will of the respective Governments,
has not been a state of war, at least on the side of France."
—Doc. 10-2, p. 618.
In a subsequent part of the same letter they use
language in some degree conflicting with this, to
which the minority report refers, to prove that in
the opinion of the French Government war did
exist. I understand those remarks to apply only
to a hypothetical case; but if otherwise, the two
parts are utterly inconsistent. The latter end of
the letter " forgot the beginning."
But that the views of the French Government
as to the relations of the two countries were in
reality such as I represent, can be shown conclu-
sively from the report of Mr. Rodererto the Corps
Legislatif, dated November 26, 1801, already re-
ferred to, in which he says:
" The commercial agents of the republic gave rise to and
excited some irritation. The commerce of the United
States was disturbed by French privateers; several cap-
tures. to their injury, followed; the American Congress
then believed itself at liberty to declare the United States
exonerated from the treatiet which united them to France ;
they broke off their relations with her; they granted letters
of marque against her armed vessels in the colonies ; and
, the encounters at sea between the vessels of the two na-
tions soon announced that the reconciliation should be
hastened, if it was desired that it should not become very
difficult.
l' Such was the state of things when three American ne-
gotiators arrived at Paris, led thither by the deaire and the
hope of preventing a signal rupture."
Then the American negotiators went to Paris
to prevent a war—not to close one which had been
raging near two years !
To the same end I produce the report of Mr.
Adit to the tribunal, dated December 4, 1801, in
which he says:
"In consequence of this bill" (referring tn the act of the
7th July, 1798, annulling the treaties) " the Amencan Gov-
ernment suspended the commercial relations of the United
Slates with France, and gave to privateers permission to
attack the armed vessels of the Republic. The national
frigates were ordered to seek them and to fight them. a
French frigate and sloop-of-war, successively and unexpect-
edly attacked by the Americans, were obliged to yield to
force; and the French flag (strange versatility of human
aflkirs) was dragged, humiliated, before the same people
who, a little while ago, with eager shouts, had applauded
its triumph. Twas getting past recovery; war would have
broken out between America and France if the Directory,
changingits system, and following the counsels of prudence,
had not opposed moderation to the unmeasured conduct of
the President of the United States."
From this it appears that the French Govern-
ment did not regard the defensive measures adopt-
ed by the United States as being war, though they
resulted in the capture of two of their public
armed ships. " Twai getting past recovery,"
says M. Adit. "War would have broken odt
between America atid France," had it not been for
the prudence and moderation of the Directory.
The Senate will not forget, in this connection,
the remark, already quoted, of Napoleon, at St.
Helena, as reported by Mr. Gourgaud, that the
convention of 1800 not only put an end to the
treaties, but " annulled the just claims which Amer-
ica had for injuries done in time or peace. " Com-
, ment is unnecessary.
I will now turn from the views of the French
Government to those of the United States. We
have seen what Congress thought of our relations;
but what did our Executive think ?
1. Extract from the instructions to Messrs.
Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray, envoys and min-
isters to the French Republic, dated October 22,
1799:
" This conduct of the French Republic wouM well have
justified an immediate declaration of war on the part of the
United States ; but desirous of maintaining peace, and still
willing to leave open the door of reconciliation with France,
the United States contented themselves with preparations
for defcnce, and measures calculated to protect their com-
merce."—Doc. 102, p. 561.
2. Extract from a letter dated April 11, 1800,
from our envoys to the French ministers:
"With respect to the acts of Congress of the United
States, which the hard alternative of abandoning their com-
merce to ruin imposed, and which, far from contemplating
a cooperation with the enemies of the Republic, did not
even authorize reprisals upon her merchantmen, but were
restricted solely to the giving of safety to their own, till a
moment should arrive when their sufferings could be heard
aid redressed."—Doc. 109, p. 583.
3. Extract from a letter dated August 20, 1800,
from our envoys to the French ministers:
" Nor could America ever conceive that protecting from
depredations her property which remains had impaired a
claim for that of which she has been despoiled. More diffi-
cult still of comprehension would it he, that she had aggressed
by declaring the truth; for doubtless declaring that the
treaties ceased to bind her, which the other party had long
and greatly infracted, was no more. If, however, that
declaration, as necessary for judicial purposes as it was
conformable to truth, had amounted to a cause of war, yet,
as the wisdom of France reconciled it to peace, its applica-
tion on the principle of war to the extinguishmentof claims
would be inexplicable."—Doc. 102, p. 623.
Extract from the message of President Jeffer-
son to Congress, December 8, 1801:
" It is a circumstance of sincere gratification to me, that
on meeting the great council of the nation, I am able to an-
nounce to them, on grounds of reasonable certainty, that
the wars and troubles which have for so many years
afflicted our sister nations have at length come to an end.
Whilst we devoutly return thanks to the beneficent Being
who has been pleased to breathe into them the spirit of
conciliation and forgiveness, we are bound with peculiar
gratitude to be thankful to Hipi that our own peace has
been freserveo throughout so perilous a season.
and ourselves permitted quietly to cultivate the earth, ana
to practice and improve those arts which tend to improve
our comforts," fcc.—5 Wait's State Papers, vol. 4, pp.
325-'8.
No doubt can be entertained, with these papers
before us, of the entire concurrence of the Ameri-
