I&5I.J APPENDIX TO THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE. 189
.1 1st Cong -r> Sess. Land Titles in California—Mr. Gwin. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
1£xr  rta domestic produce, exclusive !■ branches of our industry at home, and accumuln- 'j Mr. GWIN, in conclusion of the debate, ad-
o's* specie  396,814,033 " '>"?> as i' has done, such a formidable debt against ; dressed the Senate as follows:
  us abroad cannot go on much longer unchecked Mr> pRK,IDENr; Umj,.r the conviction that the
40,435,0JO wuhout producing a revulsion ,n our financial and principle of tl.e bill which 1 had the honor to lay
Deduct exee  of export, of specie 11,1->9,WW commercial condition. AN hy, according to the (,efore' the Senat0 nre surh M wouId 8CClire £
  estimate of a very inteUigent gentleman of the t.H,c,|y mid just settlement of m imle land title* in
F.xess of import*.  39,306,012 experience m these matters, now in the (5«lifor iia., it is a matter of gratification to me to
Which is7.3percenU on domestic exports du- foreign service of the (^vernroeiit, we have nhready filld they are sulistantiallv approved by the bill
nn? that period. contracted a debt of not less than one hundred aitice reported by the enlightened Committee on
Total production of (told in United States for «"><! millions of dollars on the other aide of ,he Judiciary, and which is now before the Sen-
that iwri«i $34,160^61 .* «he water. Meantime, our importations are rapidly ate for Oonsi'deration.
Which i* 8.6 per cent, on domestic exports, increasing. It is estimated by the best authority Circumstances ha\e placed me at this juncture
Th i ad tied to «*3 wukwi 15«9 p^r ccot. for our that imj will lunouut to nuti^ssthHii tuo hunureu in the position of sole* representative in this body
•hare of freights and profits of trade. millions during the present year; thus exceeding from California. Under the responsibility thus
  — by nearly five and twenty millions those of the devolved upon me, I have endeavored to vindicate
Mr. WlN rrfROP. 1 have no purpose of de- I learn from a source entitled to credit |^e principles of the plan proposed, and to repel
laying the action of the Senate upon this bill by that during ihe last week, or the week before the opposition made to it ov the honorable Sen-
auv detailed discussion of its characterand objects. «J*t, the revenue collected in the single port of New ator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] whose substi-
I feel bound, however, to make my acknowledge- ^ork was not less than a million of dollars, which tute, in my opinion, would be fraught with mis-
aents to the chairman of the Committee on Fi- supposes an importation at the present rates of duty chief, be destructive to the real interests of the
nance, for the prompt attention which he has given of not less than four or five millions in a single j,onn fije landholders, injurious to the present
to the measure which 1 had the honor to introduce * eek. No* , sir, a day of reckoning between us population of California, and seriously prejudicial
n few davs ago, and for the opportunity which he and our creditors must come. State stocks, rail- ' to the rights of the United States.
has thus afforded me of taking; some part in its « d securities, and treasury bonds may postpone The urgent necessity for speedy legislation in
passage before retirin; from the Senate. '*  hut they cannot avert it. The day of payment this matter, so important to my constituents; my
I may be allowed also to say, that the amend- must come. And when it does come, 1 think the anxiety for the Committee on the Judiciary to take
■tents which have been reported by the committee country will beable to decide better than it can now, . bold of it: to sift the several plans proposed, and
are very much what I expected they would report, how far the tariff of 1846 has been the altogether i gyye the Senate and the country the benefit of their
1 had little or no hope that they would be willing wise ajod beneficent system which the Senator from [ legal abilities and wisdom, induced me to propose
to accede at once to the principle of horae valua- Virginia has so often represented it to be. a reference of the subject to that committee, and at
tion, which was contained in the ordinal bill. The Senator seems to think that the frauds on that time to refrain from as full an expression of
And although 1 believe that this principle would 'he revenue have been greatly exaggerated. They , j,lv views as I then desired.
Ik- a verv ereat improvement in our revenue sys- may have been so. We have called on the Secre *With the indulgence of the Senate, I now pro-
tem, and that it ought to be adopted, if a system tary for evidence on this subject, and he will pose to look further into thescheineof the Senator
of universal mi ml&rtm duties is still to be main- doubtless furnish it in due time. But I am very from Missouri, which he has renewed in the shape
tamed, I am yet ready to make a virtue of neces- glad that the Senator's theory and practice have 0f amendments to this bill, and to submitsome ad-
•ity and submit to the postponement of that prin- not altogether agreed on this occasion, and that ditiona] remarks upon it.
eiple to a more auspicious and convenient season, while he protests that the frauds are so few and In order that it may speak for itself, in connec-
ts other words, sir, I am in favor of securing what- inconsiderable, he has yet given his sanction to a tion with what I have now to say, I present the
ever improvements may be found practicable in bill which will prove, I am persuaded, a most ' bill as he offered it:
our revenue system, under existing circumstances efficient preventive of them ill future. 1 shall con- BeU* act*d *e., That, for the pwpose of ascertaining
and at the present session, instead of risking the cur with him, therefore, in the passage of the bill, and settliMt the'private land claims in the Btate of Calilor-
su'stantial good which may be within ourgrasp, by and appeal from his arguments to his acts. But 1 i nia, a recorder of land titles, learned in the law and skilled
any vain struggle to accomplish something better. hope that at no distant day the representatives of '  ,anA E"*li'* 'y"h")11*'
Tlie amendments which the committee have Uie people in the other branch, if not in this, may Senate, who shrtl collect sod keep all the public archive
framed, to remedy the effects of that judicial de- find an opportunity of devising some measure of California in relation to land gratta: and also «n*U
o.ion in my own Commonwealth, to which I more adequate to the protection of American labor, call in for record all the evidences of land titles in Califnr-
u,kt\ltem,OD f SeM? ^ ?thCr S"d 10 T maintenance of a sound commercial and r^efy" or simulswn"?.^ be
and which hss recently been confirmed by the Su- financial condition of tne country. _ • ra?pectcd by the recorder: and where there may be 110 wnt-
preme Court of theLnited States, will undoubt- Before taking my seat, 1 desire to explain a ten evidence extant of the original grant, a written state-
edly be of the greatest importance in the collection statement which I made the other dav, and which men' •*> ra;l,lK of the claim and received for record,
of the revenue, ami 1 am then-fore for adopting was brought to my notice as inaccurate. 1 said tffil d
them as they are reported, without insisting upon that there were about twenty assistant appraisers , «ec. 2. Jtnd be it farther enacted, That it dial! be the
the nrovisions of the bill as originally introduced. in the port of New York. It would have been duty of all towns, cinest, village*, and pnebloe, and of all
The other amendments of the bilf are of a less more literally correct to say that there were five im*Hion* which have not teen secularized, and of all indi-
«il«taittial character. The addition of one to the assistant appraisers and about fifteen appraiser^ SpC"^°heMeiiea™
number of the appraisers at lar e, and the specific clerk*. I took the statement, however, as it stood or the California authorities before the conquest of Cnlifor-
pro visions relating to their duties, are entirely sat- upon the financial report of the present year, whie.h 1 nia, or by any American officer  ince the conquest, to pre-
ufactory to me, and I hope they will meet the con- has included the clerks of the appraisers' depart- •*"' ",,ch evidence "f i'He to the said recorder, upon due
  ' - .. o .1 -   i.] i „ . j f , , , and public notification to that effect by the recorder.
eurrenee of the Senate. I com ess I couid wish ment in Uie list of assistant appraisers, and 1 did Skc 3 ^n<i be u fUTt/i„ enacted, Tbaf, on receiving
lliat the Committee on Finance had seen fit to pro- not consider it necessary to he " wise above what '  uch evidences of title, the said recorder shall cause the
▼ide a more liberal and ample salary for these ap~ was written " in that official document. ' same to be recorded in bonnd books, and aball make out
praisers, as, in my judgment, there is no class of Mr PEARCE. Under all the circumsUnces ; jKr^ty^hirth^
officers in the revenue service which will exercise which surround us, I assent very cheerfully to the Mnctin hi* office, rtiall transmit the other to the Commia-
a more important and responsible function, or one bill reported by the chairman of the Committee on 1 rioner of the General Land office at Washington; and it
requiring a higher degree of diligence, intelligence, Finance. I admit that it is highly important that ",al1 •*" the duty of the recorder, in conjunction with the
^ welky.- ^ under a" rircumstances, I am the bill should pass, and pass speedily But I do which'|S"S mat lie, toexnmineThe Z™, and "f te!
for taking the bill as it is now before us, in the as- not concur with the honorable senator (Mr. Hire- neved by them or either of thein to be invalid forany cause,
■unuwe that it will do much for securing a more teb] in all the opinions which he has expressed, it shall be the duty of the district attorney to issue a scire
full, fair, and uniform collection of duties, and for some of which were not material to the advocacy facias, stating the cause against the party in jwimession, or
protecting the Government and the honest im- , of this bill. I do not agree with the views of the "aui^whv his elalm sf.S not be held to be in'valid
porter from the injurious inequalities and frauds Senator in regard to the respective operation of - and hit pram cancelled: and a report of till such decMions
which arenowsopreralentthrou^houtthecountry. specific and ad valorem duties, and especially in by the reeorder and district attorney, whether fororajniinrt
1 cannot help aiding, however in a single word, regard to the supposed diminution of frauds under ^f^'L^and "office,' to rtv^im^d'hTroriThe
that in my humble judgment the great work of our system of ad valorem duties. It would not, 8e,.rettry of the Interior, to be submitted to the Attorney
remedying the evils of our present revenue system however, lie possible, without liavine an oppor- General, who may order a scire facias in any casein which
will still remain to be performed. That work can- tunity to examine his speech, to reply to those he deems the claim invalid. .
not be originated here. 11 may be postponed else- parts of it. But I wish to ray, that 1 hope there «RC-4- SC!
.  A . ., o . r 3 mr' ■ t , ™,, , _ . ' v- , , , K the question of issuing a scire tnciaq against any claimant,
where. But the Senator from Virginia may de- will be another opportunity afforded during the the said recorder and district attorney shall be governed by
pend upon it that at no distant day it will he forced present session to present news opposite to them, the treaty of Guadalupe Victoria, the law of nations, the
upon us—I should rather say it will be forced upon and if no other member do so, I shall endeavor to i laws, usages, and customs of the Government from which
him and aM«xiated with him here—-by the ne- answer them myself. the cap™ ulalionf
e nnties both of the Crovernment and of the people. The bill was then passed. mrule with such commanders, the decisions of the ffuprenie
That vast flood of importation to which the Senator   . Court of the United States, as far as they are applicable,
has alluded with so much satisfaction, and from land TITLES IN CALIFORNIA. : and the law of prescription in favor of possessmy rights, the
which he has augured such favorable effects upon OPFFfH O F~ M R TWIN before'the conquest of the country
the interests of commerce and the general pros- SrttbH U* JV1K. UWIJN, shall be held to be prima facie evidence of valid title.
perity of the country—that vast flood of importa- OF Caiifornia Bec. S. jlni be it further enacted, That the quantity of
tion. overwhelming as I think it has done soman v . „ four common leagues, measured from the centre of the
neimmg,as i tniiiK it nas gone,so many jK Se„ATi.( February 5, 1851. town, city, or poeblo, (except San Francisco,) two leagues
*TWs represents aot the whole M Itie sprcie produced The Senate hnving onder consideration 8ie bill to aseer- in every direction, shall be conflrmed'
^ ^ in tW° >eM •ettle fl,e "rinte land cUira'in the Hute of c«u- r. fo^'riTY.??.t'5ie «cJ2ud%. to £l
New Sekii«—No. 9.
