134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 5,
3 i st Cong 2d Sess.
Land Titles in California—Mr. Gtvin.
Senate.
the recorder to keep his office at the seat of gov-
ernment nf the State, and to go on a tour of col-
lection of notices and evidences of claims; the
eleventh nnd last section making provision for
compensation. The bill does not say when he
shall cro, or when he shall return, whether in one
month, six months, a year, or mx years—all un-
certain, indefinite, and inconclusive. But at some
time, no one can predict when, it sets the two
lawyers, recorder, and district attorney at work to
attack titles with a scire facias. All those attacked
by a scire facias, when decided against the United
States, are settled without appeal. It may so turn
out that claimants in the northern judicial district
of California mav have their titles disposed of
upon one set of principles by one court, and those
in the southern district may have theirs determined
upon another and different rule. Two different
courts, each operating within the sphere of its own
jurisdiction, may leave claimants in the anomalous
and extraordinary condition of having their claims
rejected or allowed upon different principles—a
claim rejected by the one court which wou!d have
been affirmed by the other; and the Senator's bill,
when the decision is against the United States,
denies them the privilege of an appeal to a high
appellate arbitrator, whatever may be the value of
the land in controversj-.
And how are claimants to know when they are
safe ? They may repose in listless security after
the lapse of one, two, three, or even more years,
believing that they have escaped the odiousf ex
parte iuquirilwn proposed by the Senator's bill,
when,lo! they find themselves arraigned by either
of the legal functionaries, and called to answer
why they should not be deprived of their prop-
erty, by their claim being declared invalid. The
population of California for the year 1845 was
estimated at 15,000 whites, 4,000 domesticated
Indians, and 20,000 other Indians. For the year
1847 it was estimated at 12,000 Spanish whites
and mixed bloods, 4,000 American, English, and
French, and 34,000 lodians, of which 4,000 were
domesticated. These facts appear from the report
dated 17th July, 1848, of the Secretary of State
of the United States, as communicated by the
President in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives.—[Kx. Doc. No. 70. First
Sess. 30th Cong., p. 8.]
We may then assume ihat the white population
of California, at the change of government, was
about sixteen thousand; and the present popula-
tion of the State may be estimated at two .hun-
dred and fifty thousand. Now, I hesitate not to
siy that under the belief, no doubt honestly en-
tertained, of careful consideration for the interests
of these original inhabitants of California, we have
a system urged upon us which in my opinion
would do more than any other that human in-
genuity could contrive to bankrupt, ruin, and de-
stroy them; to keep the country in uproar and
confusion; to check, retard, and prostrate its vital
interests. It would open the door to fraud, per-
jury, peculation, and speculation. Every species
of crime known to the law of titles would come in
under its cover, to tear -up honest claims by the
roots, by forcing in their place fraudulent nnd an-
tedated ones; to drive-valid and bona fide holders
to ruinous compromises with corrupt and swin-
dling speculation. It would let in the basest and
foulest to fall upon and destroy the unsuspecting
and unwary. It would be the revelry and triumph
of guilt, of the wicked over the good; and the old
population of California would be the sport of its
cupidity, whilst the enterprising and active peo-
ple, the present population, who have gone there
to erect and strengthen the pillars of the Republic
on the shores of the Pacific, would be equal suf-
ferers from this disastrous and mistaken policy.
And, then, after the scire facias shall have done
its work; after it shall have seized upon and dis-
patched its prey, how are the honest titles and
claims left which may have escaped its reach?
Except being admitted to record, they are left just
where they were before the Senator's bill was
dreamt of. Inference may suggest, as I have
stated, that it was designed to confirm them; but
not a word of the bill, not a word, sir, declares
this class confirmed. They, like Mahomet's cof-
fin, are left suspended as it were between heaven
and earth, until, in the course of human events,
wme future legislation may come to thp rescue;
and the owners and others are to be left in the
mean time to groan under the difficulties and dis-
orders thus improvidently proposed to be entailed
upon them.
Disavowing then, and denouncing as I do here
now, and will do everywhere, the Senator's pro-
ject as fraught with evils incurable and endless to
my constituents, I hail with pleasure the bill from
the Judiciary Committee as covering substantially
every principle for which I have contended.
We have a right, Mr. President, to ask of the
Congress of the United States a settlement upon a
feasible and rational plan, of our private land titles;
and this should be done speedily, effectually, and
fairly. We have a right further to ask that we
shall have the public domain surveyed and sold,
that our people may be able to secure titles to
their farms and town lots, and that they may" feel
the fostering care of a just and generous Govern-
ment.
The remoteness of Spanish America necessarily
caused a less active growth in the population of
that distant province, as shown by the fact of the
sparsely settled condition of the country as late as
the year 1847. The administration of the coun-
try, through the viceroys, governors, and other
officers, was, on account of the remoteness from
. the seat of authority, less energetic, regular^ and
certain in all that related to real estate and the dis-
, posal of the royal domain. Although Upper Cal-
ifornia was discovered in the year 1542, by the
1 Spanish navigator Cobrilla, no steps were taken to
settle and civilize the upper province until 1768,
j when the Marquis de Croix, the viceroy of Mex-
i ico, determined upon settling the province, and in
| that year a missionary president and his asso-
i ciates were appointed for the enteprise, and ac-
i cordingly the new settlements were there begun
in J769, and continued and extended through the
instrumentality of missionaries.
What was the general law of Spain prior to and
, subsequent ? First, there was the Council of the
| Indies, instituted by an ordinance in 1524, of the
Emperor Charles and the Queen Joanna, in order
I more effectually to govern their transatlantic do-
minions.
j The laws relating to the organization of the tri-
bunals to the powers of the different officers of
Governments and to the grants of public lands in
■ the American possessions of the crown of Spain,
were compiled and designated " Recopilacion de |
las leyes de log Reynos de las Indias." By an |
ordinance of the King of Spain, given at Madrid ■
on the 18th May, 1682, it was decreed and com- j
manded " that the laws contained in this book and 1
' framed for the good government and administra- 1
«tion of justice in ' the' Council of the Indies, in
• the court of contratacion ofSeville, of the East and 1
'West Indies, islands, and continent of the North- I
' ern and Southern oceans, of their navigations, ;
< ' fleets, and vessels, and all the sovereign's posse-
I • sions and dependencies which are ruled and gov- i
i 'ernerlby him through thesaid Council, be obeyed, j
| ' and fulfilled, and executed," &e. j
j In those laws are to be found the power con- '•
ferred on the viceroys and presidents to grant land
for settlement. Liber 4, Tit. 12, Law 4, Recop. i
2d vol., page 50, declares that " if, in those parts :
' of the Indies which are already discovered, there !
' ' should be any sites.and districts sufficiently good i
' to render it expedient to settle the same, and if i
; ' any person should apply to form settlements !
: ' therein, in order that they may do so with zeal !
' and profit, the viceroys and presidents shall, in '
' our name, grant them lots, lands, and waters, .
i ' taking into consideration the situation of the land, i
] ' provided it be uotto the prejudice of any third
1 ' person, and that said grant be for such a period
| 'as we shall determine."- ,
The viceroys reflected the power and majesty of'
the monarchs, according to Solorzano's Politica
j Indiana.—Recop., vol. 1, pp. 368, 369.
In tracing up the history of the Spanish law,
we approach the period of the first settlements,
; which, as I have shown, were made in 1769 in
Upper California, and find the policy and law ex-
i pressly laid down in the royal regulation given by
the King at San Lorenzo el Real, bearing- date
15th October, 1754.
Let it be remembered that this regulation was
only fifttm years before the first settlements in
Upper California, and that it was subsisting at the
time of those settlements and afterwards.
And what does it say on the subject of granting
lands, registration of titles, and the necessity of sur-
vey, as preliminary to confirmation? The first
article declares, " that from the date of this my
' royal order, the power of appointing sub-delegate
'judges to sell and compromise for the lands and
'uncultivated parts of the said dominions, shall
' belong thereafter exclusively to the viceroys and
' presidents of my royal audiences of those king-
'doms who shall send them their appointment or
' commission with an authentic copy of this regu-
' tion," &c.
The third article declares: "The present regu-
' lations, and the appointment which shall be is-
' sued in the form prescribed in the first section,
' being received by the principal sub-delegate, they
' shall furnish on their part general orders to the
' justices of the capitals and chief places of their re-
' spective districts, commanding them to be pub-
' lished therein in the manner usual, with other
•general orders issued by viceroys, presidents,
' and audiencias, relating to my service, so that
« every and all persons who shall have possessed
' royal lands, whether settled, cultivated, tilled, or
' not, from the year 1700 till the day of the publi-
' cation of said order, may prove before the Bub-
' delegate, by themselves, their correspondents, or
' attorneys, the titles and patents in virtue of
' which they hold their land. For this exhibition
'an adequate time shall be fixed, proportioned to
' the distances; and notice shall be given that they
' shall be deprived of and ejected from such lands,
' and grants of them made to other persons, if
' they fail to exhibit their warrants within the
' limited time, without just and proper cause."
The sixth article orders that, " if by the pro-
' ceedings that should have been used for the sale
' and compositions unconfirmed since the year
' 1700 it shall appear that these royal lands have
'not been surveyed nor valued, as is understood
' to be the case in some provinces, the confirmation
' shall be withheld until this be executed," &c.
The twelfth article requires that " in the distant
provinces of the audiencias, or where sea inter-
venes, as Caracas, Havana, "&c., "andin others
' of like situation, confirmations shall be issued by
' their governors, with the advice of the officiales
' reales, (king's fiscal ministers,) and of the lieuten-
' an tgeneral letrado where he may be stationed, "&c
And the last paragraph of the fourteenth and
last article of that royal ordinance expressly de-
clares I' that all the provisions of this regulation
' be strictly and punctually observed by my vice-
' roys, audiencias, presidents, and governors of all
' my dominions of the Indies and by sub-delegates
' and other persons whom its observance does
'or may concern, and that it be not violated for
' any cause or pretext, as it is proper for my ser-
' vice and the good of those subjects."
This royal order of 1754, as a fundamental law
of Spain, establishes four propositions, viz:
1st. That from the date of that order the power
of appointing sub-delegate judges to dispose of un-
cultivated lands belonged exclusively to the vice-
roys and presidents of the royal audiencias.
2d. That it required " every and all persons
' who shall have possessed royal lands, whether
• settled, cultivated, tilled, or not, from the year
' 1700 till the day of publication of said order," to
come forward and exhibit " their titles and patents
in virtue of which they hold the land," in default
of which, within a limited lime and without sufficient
cause, it was declared " that they should be deprived
of and ejected from such lands and grants of them
made to other persons."
3d. That in unconfirmed cases from the year
1700 that ordinance looked to a survey and valua-
tion as indispensable prerequisites to confirmation,
by declaring that " confirmation shall be withheld
till this be executed."
And, 4th. That the last article of that ordinance
makes it applicable to the Spanish ultramarine
possessions.
This first proposition may be considered here-
after, in what I may have to say in reference to
the ordinance of 1786, establishing twelve intend-
encies, exclusive of the Califormas, in the Span-
ish empire.
The second proposition I now bring in review,
as bearing upon the remarks of the Senator from
