131
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 5,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Land Titles in California—Mr. Gtvin.
Senate.
eaving him less than fifteen months within which he |
could make grants, as the sovereignty of Spain de 1
jure ceased by the St. Ildefonso treaty of the 1st
October, 1300, although the Spaniards remained in
possession some time afterwards, the Intendency
having been closed on the 1st December, 1802, by
the death of the assessor. Here it may not be out
of place to advert to the fact that the 12th article
of O'Reilly's regulations of the 18th February,
1770, require that " all grants shall be made in the
name of the Kinsr, by the Governor General of the
province, who will at the same time appoint a sur-
veyor to fix the bounds thereof, both in front and
depth, in presence cf the judge ordinary of the district,
and of two adjoining settlers, who shall be present at
the sumy."
The fifteenth article of the regulations, dated
1799, of the Intendant Morales, declares that "all
'concessions shall be given in the name of the
' King, by the general intendant of the province,
' who shall order the surveyor general, or one par-
' ticulaiiy named by him, to make the survey and
' mark the land, by fixing bounds not only in front but
' also in the rear."
But to pursue the subject of the laws bearing
directly upon private titles in California. The next
is a decree, dated 22d March, 1791, from Pedro
De Nava, Captain General of the internal provinces
of the West, to the commandant at Monterey;
(Senate Doc., Rep. Com., No. 18, 1st session 31st
Cong., page 140.) This decree authorizes the cap-
tains of presidios to grant and distribute heuse-
lots and lands to the soldiers and citizens within
the limits of four common leagues, measured from
the centre of the presidio square, two leagues in
every direction. We now enter upon a period
when the sovereignty of the province passes from
Spain to Mexico, and have the decree of the Gen-
eral Constituent Congress of Mexico, bearing date
18th August, 1824, respecting colonization, defined
by the general rules and regulations, dated No-
vember 21, 1823, for the colonization of theTerri-
tories of the Republic—(Senate Doc., Rep. Com.,
No. 18, 1st sess., 31st Comr., pages 140, 141,142,
143.) Then we have a communication dated 27th
February, 1840, containing an extract of a letter
from the Mexican Minister of the Interior to the
Governor of California, authorizing the Governor,
"in conjunction with the departmental junta," to
grant certain islands on the coast to Mexican citi-
zens. (See same Sen. Doc., page 144.)
By a law, dated Gth April, 1830, the Mexican
Government reserved to itself the right to take
and use property for fortifications, &c., by indem-
nifying tlieState,&c. (Same Sen. Doc.,page 122.)
It appears that " where grants have been made by
the territorial government for towns," in conform-
ity to certain provisions of the regulations of No-
vember 24, 1828, lands lying within the limits of
such grants may be disposed of by the founders or
municipal authorities agreeably to the general laws.
(See extracts from an act of a territorial deputa-
tion, dated August 6, 1834—(same Senate Doc.,
pages 123 and 124.)
"The first la-.v was passed by the Spanish Cortez,
13th September, 1813, for secularizing missions.
(Senate Doc., page 125.)
On the 17th August, 1833, a law was passed by
the Mexican Congress for the same object—(Sen-
ate Doc., page 12G.)
On the9th August, 1834, provisional regulations
on the same subject were promulgedjjy the Gov-
ernor. (Senate Doc., page 150.) In the extraor-
dinary session of the Legislature at Monterey,
November 3, 1834, the provisional regulations,
with certain exceptions, were confirmed. (Senate
Dnc., page 154.)
By a Mexican decree of the 7th November,
1835, (Senate Doc. page 155,) it was ordered that
the law of 17th August, 1833, should be suspended
until.the curates should take possession. Then
followed the instructions of Governor Alvarado,
(respecting the missions,) dated January 17,1839,
and March 1, 1840. (Senate Doc., page 155 to
160, inclusive.) On the 29thMarch, 1843,Michel-
torrena issued his proclamation erdering the ma-
jority of the missions to beagain placed in charge
of the priests. (Senate Doc., page 162.) A de-
wee of the Departmental Assembly was passed
28th May, 1845, respecting the renting of missions
and converting others into pueblos. (Senate Doc.,
page 163.) On the 28th October, 1845, Governor
Pico issued regulations for alienating and renting |
missions. (SenateDoc., page 164.) A decree ot
the Departmental Assembly, dated April 3,1846,
authorized the application of the laws of bankrupt-
cy to certain missions, &c. (Senate Doc., page
167.) These.it is believed, are all the material
laws relating to lands in Upper California. And
I undertake to say, and make this explicit decla-
ration, that there is not a single law, either of Old
Spain or Mexico, which dispenses with a surrey as
a step indispensable to the completion of a title.
It was once the pride and glory of the Spanish
sovereigns that the sun never sat upon their do-
minions. Their colonial system was the work of
three centuries. Its foundation WcJS laid by po-
litical architects of no ordinary ability. In the
mighty enterprise of leading the way to the settle-
ment of the American continent, their sagacity
foresaw from the beginning the necessity of pre-
scribing measures to prevent collision of individual
interests, in the allotment and disposal of the royal
domain. The tenor and spirit of the early Spanish
laws are express in the requirement that in the
exercise of the granting power, it should not be
"to the prejudice of any third person," and that
the "confines and the boundaries" of distributed
lands should be designated. This is shown in the
"Recopilacion " of the laws of the Indies, affirmed
and authenticated by the monarch himself in 1682.
' Every where afterwards, in the progress and growth
of the Spanish colonial law, is the principle dis-
cernible which looks to the necessity eventually of
a survey as a constituent element of title. This
is manifest from the whole scope and tendency of
the laws to which I have invited the attention of
the Senate—from the laws of the Indies—from the
royal ordinance of 1754—from the regulations of
Governor O'Reilly, in 1770, declaring a survey in-
dispensable, and showing what was the settled
written law and usage of Spain on the subject—
from the "great ordinance of 1786, adhering to
, and adopting by its eighty-first article, so far as
not incompatible, the ordinance 1754—and from
the regulations of the Intendant Morales in 1799.
! And with this principle there is nothing to be
I found inconsistent in the regulations to which I j
have alluded, of the Viceroy Bucarele y Uruza in
1773, for the New establishments of California;
, in the regulations of De Neve, the Governor of
California in 1779, as approved by the King in i
1781; in the decree of De Nava, the Captain-Gen-
, eral of the Western Internal provinces; in the legis-
lation of the Mexican Congress, or in the decrees
of the Departmental Assembly of California. But,
on the contrary, the decrees and regulations of the
Spanish authorities require measurements of land in
. "varas" and "leagues," as also the laws of the
1 Mexican Congress and the regulations under them,
all point to the necessity and to the design that a
further act should be done to make the title to the
thing granted "complete," and lhat was a survey
in all cases where there were not distinct natural
boundaries. We have this principle followed up
and adhered to in California, as shown by the
! usual form of title, dated January 8, 1844, from
; Micheltoriena, in the third condition of which it is
| expressly stipulated that the grantee "shall solicit
i ' the respective magistrate to give him legal pos-
' session in virtue of this title, by whom the bounda-
' ries shall be traced out, in the limit of which he shall
. 'put, beside the landmarks, some fruit trees," &c.;
j and the fourth section of the same form declares
that the "land of which donation is made consists
j of five sitios, (square leagues,) as the respective
, map explains," and that "the magistrate who
' gives possession shall cause it to be measured ac-
' cording to law, and the overplus shall remain to the
' nation for necessary uses," and the fifth condition 1
orders that "if he shall violate these conditions,
he shall forfeit his right to the land, and it may be
I demanded by another."
! And what do the laws of the United States say
| on the subject, and how do they define a " com-
. plete title?" In one of the provisions of the 5th
j section of the act of Congress, approved 2d
I March, 1805, " for the ascertaining and adjusting
I 'the titles and claims to lands within the Ter- i
' ritory of Orleans and the district of Louisiana,"
the law places the matter beyond doubt, by enact- |
ing that where lands are claimed by virtue of a |
complete French or Spanish grant as aforesaid, (
' it shall not be necessary for the claimant to have i
' any other evidence of his claim recorded except
1 the original grant or patent, together with the tear-
' rant or order of surrey and the plat." This law
tells us in direct and unequivocal terms that the evi-
dence of a "complete title" is the grant, order of
survey, and the plat.
I have heretofore had occasion to bring the at-
tention of the Senate to the decisions of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, clearly estab-
lishing the necessity of a survey to the several
individual claims from the public domain. (3d
Howard, pages 786, 787; 15 Peters, 184, 215,
275, 319; 16 Peters, 159, 160; and 5 Howard,
case of the United States vs. Lawton, pages 28,
29.)
It was Sir Edward Coke, if I mistake not, who
declared that the law was a deep well, and every
man could draw from it according to the strength
of his understanding. The same may be said of
language, which teaches that to be " complete, which
has no deficiency," that "perfect which has pos-
itive excellence;" that "to which anything can
be added" is "incompleteand in the words of
Hooker, to "count those things perfect which
want nothing requisite for the end whereto they
are instituted. "
It is notorious that claims in California are ten-
aided by surveys from Spain or Mexico, and their
locations are consequently not fixed nor estab-
lished, except in the few cases in which they may
have distinct natural boundaries. With this lim-
ited exception, all private claims are blended in
the mass of public lands.
I now leave it to the learned Senator who has
ventured to call the titles in California "complete
and perfect," to reconcile his terms with the laws
of Spain, Mexico, and of the United States, and
to the judicial decisions to which I have referred,
and even to the laws of the English language itself.
We now turn to the titles in California, and find
them in a condition analogous to those in Upper
Louisiana, which had been made hy the French
authorities from 1766 to 1770, when Spain took
possession of Louisiana. Before 1795 the busi-
ness of surveys had not been properly attended to
by the Spanish authorities; but that year a sur-
veyor for Upper Louisiana was ordered,and soon-
the granting of lands assumed a systematic and
certain form.
And now the United States find themselves, as
the successor of Mexico, pretty much in the same
position as Spain did towards France in Upper
Louisiana. tVe have a mass of individual claims
in California incomplete and imperfect, and what
does the treaty require to be done? It stipulates
that individuals shall be maintained and protected
in the enjoyment of their property, inceptive and
incomplete as their rights may be. But the treaty
does not stop here. By a provision in the 11th
article of it, this Government has agreed "now
and hereafter" to "pass, without unnecessary
delay, and always vigilantly enforce, such laws as
the nature of the subject may require." These
are the express terms of the treaty, and under its
solemn covenants have I not a right, in the name
of my constituents, to call upon the Senate for
speedy and decisive legislation?
The learned Montesquieu, in discoursing of the
dealings of the public with individual estates, beau-
tifully remarks,that "it ought never to act by the
igor of political law;" but "it is here that the
civil law ought to triumph, who with the eyes of
a mother rejards every individual as the whole
community." It is in this spirit that I invoke the
action of the Government of the United States
towards the people of California.
Without claiming more than ordinary familiar-
ity with the details of practice in our courts, I may
be permitted to say that an experience, derived
from an intimate acquaintance with private land
titles in different States of this Union during the
last twenty-five years, and from a careful study of
the laws and judicial decisions bearing upon them,
convinces me that the measures prescribed in the
bill now before the Senate will achieve a rapid and
satisfactory adjustment of all our land titles, alike
honorable and just both to the claimants and to the
United States.
Our titles in California are equities. We call
you to examine them in a liberal and beneficent
spirit, and confirm all that are just. We ask the
interposition of a board to collect the evidence,
