1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
31st Cong.....2d Sess.
The Public Lands—-Mr. Julian.
Ho.w'Rkps.
and then the right to bring our titles before our
own courts. Then, as a final resort, and forever to |
gr-ttle the question, we claim a right of appeal to \
that power at Washington " which has neither
«euards, nor palaces, nor treasure. It is neither
* surrounded by clerks nor overloaded with records.
* It has for its arms only truth and wisdom. Its
* magnificence consists in its justice, and in the
•publicity of its acts." This power is the Su-
preme Court of the United" States. By their de-
termination we will abide; and under the salutary
operation of the bill now before this body , if ma-
tured into a law, every honest claimant will have
his land actually surveyed, his equity will be
drawn into a fee-simple title, in the form of a pat-
ent from the United States. Private rights will
thus be judiciously separated from the public do-
main; the Government surveys will soon prepare
the latter for donation and sale to the people of
California, to be converted by them into perma-
nent homes, resting upon indefeasible titles from
the Government.
The effect of such measures will be to quicken
the elements of activity and prosperity in all the
concerns of life. In a magnanimous spirit, let the
Congress of the United States discharge its duty,
not only by settling and quieting our titles, at once
and forever, but in promoting by a generous poli-
cy the interests of the youngest member of the con-
federacy. Let this be done by donations of pub-
lic lan,da to the pioneer settlers;* by grants for
schools, colleges, seminaries of learning, for roads
and canals; and by liberal expenditures for light- ,
houses, fortifications, and navy-yards, and other j
public uses. Then California, the thirty-first star '
«f the American constellation, now beaming upon j
the waters of the Pacific, will shine with a lustre '
not eclipsed by any of her sister lights in the po- J
litical firmament. Our State, rich in the precious 1
metals, and with exhaustless resources in other 1
respects, will be among the foremost in the march
of civilization. The God of Nature has given her I
a geographical position which places her in an at- j
titiide to contend for the rich trade of the East. I
-She overlooks the Polynesian islands and the Chi-
nese and Indian empires. By the power of steam, I
she is brought in rapid intercourse with the rest
of the Union and with the world. And even now
the faces of the tawny Asiatics are almost as fa-
miliar to our people as the Europeans are to the
citizens of the Atlantic States. She will draw
within her golden gates the treasures of the East;
and, under the impulse of the spirit of enterprise i
peculiar to our race, human sagacity cannot fore-
see the altitude of her future greatness, nor the
imagination of man predict the grandeur of her
destiny.
THE PUBLIC LANDS. 1
SPEECH OF HON. GEO. W. JULIAN,
OF INDIANA,
Ik the Houik op Representatitei,
Wednesday, January 29, 1831,
On the Bit! reported from the Committee on Agriculture,
granting to every bead of a family a Homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres out of the public domain, pro-
vided he or she occupy and cultivate the land for an un-
interrupted period of five years.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill wan ,
referred to the Committee of the Whole, being under con-
sideration—
Mr. JULIAN said: i
Mr. Speaker: The anxiety I feel for the suc-
cess of the measure now before us, and its great
importance, as I conceive, to the whole country,
have induced me to beg the indulgence of the
House in a brief statement of the reasons which !
urge me to give it my rapport. I do this the more
willingly, because there has been a manifest dis- :
position here, during the whole of the session, to
suppress entirely the discussion of this bill, and
at the same time, by parliamentary expedients,,
to avoid any direct action upon it. It seems to be
troublesome to gentlemen. Many who are op-
posed to its principles appear to be haunted by the'
suspicion that the people are for it, and hence
they will not vote directly against it. They prefer.
not to face it in any way. The proceed!tigs on !
yesterday prove this. The House then refused
to lay the bill on the table; but immediately after-
wards, its reference to the Committer of the
Whole, which was substantially equivalent, was
carried by a large majority. There was an oppor-
tunity of evading the responsibility of a direct
vote, and of accomplishing, by indirection, what
gentlemen did not dare to do by their open and
independent action. I refer to these facts because
I wish them to go before the people. I desire the
eountry to understand the action of this body, in
reference to the question under discussion.
Our present land system was established by act
of Congress as far back as the year 1785. I1 rom
that time to the 30th of last September the Gov-
ernment has sold one hundred and two millions
four hundred and eight thousand six hundred and
forty acres. Within the same period it has dona-
ted about fifty millions of acres for the purposes of
education, for internal improvements, for the ben-
efit of private individuals and companies, and for
military services. This calculation does not in-
clude the land granted by the Mexican bounty
law of 1847, which has not yet spent its force,
and which will exhaust from twelve to fifteen mil-
lions of acres. The bounty law of 1850 will sub-
tract from the public domain the further sum of
probably about fifty millions of acres. Besides all
wis, thei'e were very large grants of land made at
the last session of Congress for internal improve-
ments; and there are at this time not lees than
sixty bills before us asking donations of land,
larger ot smaller, for various public and private
purposes. Should the Government, however,
pause at the point we have now reached in the
prosecution of our land policy, there will still re-
main, after deducting the sales and grants I have
mentioned, the enormous sum of about fourteen
hundred millions of acres. The management of
this vast fund is devolved by the Constitution upon
Congress, and its just disposition presents one of
the gravest questions ever brought before the Na-
tional Legislature. The bill under consideration
contemplates a radical change in the policy pur-
sued by the Government from its foundation to
the present time. It abandons the idea of holding
the public domain as a source of revenue; it aban-
dons, at the same time, the policy of frittering it
away by grants to the States or to chartered com-
panies for special and local objects; and it makes it
free, in limited portions, to actual settlers, on con-
dition of occupancy and improvement. This, in
my judgment, is the wisest appropriation of the
public lands within the power of Congress to
make, whether viewed in the light of economy, or
the brighter light of humanity and justice.
I advocate the freedom of our public domain, in
the first place, on the broad ground, of natural
right. I go back to first principles; and holding it
to be wrong for governments to make merchan-
dise of the earth, I would have this fundamental
truth recognized by Congress in devising measures
for the settlement and improvement of our vacant
territory. I am no believer in the doetrines of
agrarianism, or socialism, m these terms are
generally understood. The friends of land reform
claim no right to interfere with the laws of prop-
erty of the several States, or the vested rights of
their citizens. They advocate no leveling policy,
designed to strip the rich of their possessions by
any sudden act of legislation. They simply de-
mand, that in laying the foundations of empire in
the yet unpeopled regions of the great West, Con-
gress shall give its sanction to the natural right
of the landless citizen of the country to a home
upon its soil. The earth was designed by its
Maker for the nourishment and support of man.
The free and unbought occupancy of it belonged, j
originally, to the people, and the cultivation of it \
was the legitimate price of its fruits. This is the i
doctrine of nature, confirmed by the teachings of
the Bible. In the first peopling of the earth, it
was as free to all its inhabitants as the sunlight
and the air; and every man has, by nature, as per-
fect a right to a reasonable portion of it, upon
which to subsist, as he has to inflate his lungs
with the atmosphere which surrounds it, or to
drink of the waters which pass over its surface.
This right is as inalienable, as emphatically God-
given, as the right to liberty or life; and Govern-
ment, when it deprives him of it, independent of
his own act, is guilty of a wanton usurpation of
gower, a flagrant abuse of its trust. In founding
tates, and rearing the social fabric, these princi-
ples should always hare been recognized. Every
man, indeed, on entering into a state of society,
and partaking of its advantages, must necessarily
Submit the natural right of which I speak (as he
must every other) to such regulations as may be
established for the general good; yet it can never
be understood that ne has renounced it altogether,
save by his own alienation or forfeiture. It at-
taches to him, and inheres in him, in virtue of his
humanity, and should be sacredly guarded as one
of those fundamental rights to secure which " gov-
ernments are instituted among men."
The justness of this reasoning must be manifest
to any one who will give the subject his attention.
Man, we say, has a natural right to life. What
are we to undwstand by this ? Surely it will not
be contended that it must be construed strictly, as
a mere right to breathe, looking no farther, and
keeping out of view the great purpose of existence.
The right to life implies what the law books call
a "right of way" to its enjoyment. It carries
necessarily with it the right to the means of living,
including not only the elements of light, air, fire,
and water, but land also. Without this, man
could have no habitation to shelter him from the
elements, nor raiment to cover and protect liis
body, nor food to sustain life. These means of
living are not only necessary, but absolutely in-
dispensable. Without them life is impossible;
ana yet without land they are unattainable, ex-
cept through the charity of others. They are at
the mercy of the land holder. Does Government
then fulfil its mission when it encourages or permits
the monopoly of the soil, and thus puts millions
in its power, shorn of every right exeept the right
to beg ? The right to life is an empty mockery
if man is to be denied a place on the earth on
which to establish a home for the shelter and
nurture of his family, and employ his hands in
obtaining the food and clothing necessary to his
comfort. To say that God has given him the
right to life, and at the same time that Government
may rightfully withhold the means of its enjoy-
ment, except by the permission of others, is not
simply an absurdity, but a libel on his providence.
It is true, there are multitudes of landless poor in
this country, and in all countries, utterly without
the power to acquire homes upon the soil, who,
nevertheless, are not altogether destitute of the es-
sential blessings I have named; but they are de-
pendent for them upon the saving grace of the few
who have the monopoly of the soil. They are
helpless pensioners upon the calculating bounty of
those by whom they have been disinherited of
their birthright. Was it ever designed that men
should become vagrants and beggars by reason
of unjust legislation, stripped of their right to
the soil, robbed of the joys of home, and of those
virtues and affections which ripen only in the fam-
ily circle? Reason and justice revolt at such a
conclusion. The gift of life, I repeat, is insepa-
rable from the resources by which alone it can be
made a blessing, and fulfill its great end. And
this truth is beginning to dawn upon the world.
The sentiment is becoming rooted in the great
heart of Humanity, that the right to a home at-
taches of necessity to the right to live, inasmuch
as the physical, moral, and intellectual well-being
of each individual cannot be secured withoutit; ana
that government is bound to guaranty it to the fullest
practicable extent. This is one of the most cheer-
ing signs of the times. " The grand doctrine, that
every human being should have the means of self-
culture, of progress in knowledge and virtue, of
health, comfort, and happiness, of exercisihg the
powers and affections of a man—this is slowly
taking its place as the highest social truth."
But quitting the ground of right, I proceed to
some considerations of a different character. I
take it to be the clear interest of this Government
to render every acre of its soil as productive as
labor can make it. More than one half the land
already sold at the different land offices, if I am
not mistaken, has fallen into the cold grasp of the
speculator, who has held it in large quantities for
years without improvement, thus excluding actual
settlers who would have made it a source of wealth
to themselves and to the public revenue. This is
not only a legalized robbery of the landless, but
an exceedingly short-sighted policy. It does not,
as I shall presently show, give employment to
labor, nor productiveness to the soil, nor add to
the Treasury by increased returns in the shape
