1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13d
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missottri—Mr. Clay.
Ho. or Reps.
the species of road and of the expenditure of
money for it.
It will be observed, moreover, that it was not
Missouri alone that was interested in this expendi- i
ture. The two per cent, fund was all to be ex-
pended exterior to her limits. She would derive
benefit undoubtedly, but the expenditure was to
be made outside of her limits in other States and
other States directly, as well as the Union at large
indirectly, were to be benefited by the construc-
tion of the roads.
I have stated that the whole amount of this
fund had been expended specifically upon the
Cumberland road. That road beginning at Cum-
berland, in the State of Maryland, was intended
to be,run to the Mississippi on its eastern bank.
The road has been macadamized only in part. It
has been macadamized only from (Cumberland to
Wheeling, and from Wheeling through the State
of Ohio entirely, partly in Indiana, but inconsid-
erable, and partly in Illinois, less considerably
than in Indiana. But it has been graded, and
bridged, and cleared, and opened the entire extent
of between seven hundred and eight hundred
miles from Cumberland in Maryland to Vandalia
in Illinois. It would have gone on and been gra-
ded and opened to the Mississippi but for the
conflict which arose with respect to its terminus
on the Mississippi; Illinois being desirous that it
should terminate at Alton, while Missouri was
desirous that it should terminate at a point oppo-
site St. Louis. The Cumberland roatt originated
in March, 1806. It was to be constructed from
the two per cent, fund reserved in the compact
between Ohio and the General Government.
When it was originally projected it was contem-
plated only to extend to the Ohio river, but when
it reached the Ohio river, owing to the very great
exertions made in the other branch of the Na-
tional Legislature, it was carried across that river
through the State of Ohio to the point I have men-
tioned in the State of Illinois.
Sir, the benefits of that road have been incalcu-
lably greet. 1 know it from personal experience.
Why, before that road was run, I remember it
took my fiimily one entire day to pass from Union-
town to Freeman's tavern on the summit of Lau-
rel Hill, a distance of only about seven miles. I
wish the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stur-
geon) was present, as he would recollect the place.
The distance from Uniontown to Cumberland is
about sixty-four miles, and that distance is now
passed in about ten or twelve hours. The whole
western country has been benefited by that road,
in all its parts—benefited in the emigration to the
new States West, benefited in the traveling to and
from those States to the seat of Government and
the cities of the seaboard. It has almost created a
new country as respects intercourse between the
Western and Eastern States. It has diminished in
its importance recently in consequence of the open-
ing of other channels of communication—the road
in Pennsylvania from Pittsburg to Philadelphia,
and the roads around the lakes through the State
of Ohio and the State of New York. Still it is
yet a road of incalculable benefit to all who are
emigrating in that direction to the West, and to all
who are traveling.
The extension of the road beyond Wheeling,
the original terminus intended for it, took place
about the year 1820, about the year when Mis-
souri was admitted into the Union. It was carried
through the States I have mentioned. But I should
here pause, and say that when it reached Wheel-
ing—or, in other words, when it reached the State
of Ohio, for Wheeling is directly opposite to the
State of Ohio, and is separated from it Only by the
Ohio river—every obligation towards the State of
Ohio resulting from the expenditure of the two per
cent, fund was completely fulfilled; we were not
bound to expend another dollar for the State of
Ohio. But then the States beyond Ohio—Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri—having the same two per
cent, fund pledged in the respective articles of com-
pact which were entered into between the Govern-
ment and those States, had a right to ask the con-
tinuance of the road through Ohio first, then
through Indiana, then through Illinois. Now, I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to the acts
of appropriation which have been from time to
tone made to expend this fund. The first will be
found in the fourth volume of the Statutes at
Large, page 128. By that act, which was " An
act for tne continuation of the Cumberland road,"
it was provided:
" That the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand dollars)
of moneys not otherwise appropriated, be and tbe same is
hereby appropriated for tbe purpose of opening and making
a road from the town of Canton, in the State of Ohio, on the
right bank of the Ohio river, opposite the town of Whal-
ing, to the Muskingum river, at Zanesville, in Baid State;
which said sum of one hundred aad fifty tbousad dollars
shall be replaced out of the fund reserved for laying out and
making roads, under the direction of Congress, by the sev-
eral acts passed for the admission of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri into the Union on aa equal
footing with the original States."
I believe that was the first act in which the two
per cent, fund reserved from Missouri was by ex-
press enactment pledged to the reimbursement of
the General Government in making that road. In
pursuing its passage through the Senate, I find that
a motion was made by Mr. Holmes, of Maine, to
strike out the words "Illinois and Missouri" in
the extract which I have read, the effect of which
would have been, not to pledge the two per cent,
fund belonging to Missouri and Illinois, but to
have left it unpledged. The retention of the words
amount to a retention of the pledge of reimburse-
ment out of that fund. On this motion of Mr.
Holmes, of Maine, the vote stood twelve for stri-
king out the words Illinois and Missouri, and i
thirty-three against it; and amongst the thirty-
• three who voted against it, who voted for making
the pledge proposed, I find both of the then Sen-
i ators from Missouri. They both voted in the
' negative, thus positively expressing their consent
, to the pledge of the two per cent, fund for the re-,
imbursement of the General Government. I do !
' j not mean to follow out all the various acts of ap- i
impropriation. There will be found, however, in |
!' others of them to which I shall call the attention !
|! of the Senate, the same reservation of the right of j
1 reimbursement. Ah act was passed providing for
, : the construction of the rood west of Zanesville, in
!; March, 1829, which provided:
I " That the sum of one hundred thousand dollars, of any
>' money not otherwise appropriated, be and the same is
' hereby appropriated, fbr the purpose of opening and making
i the Cumberland road, westwardly from Zanesville, m the
I: State of Ohio; which and ram of one hundred thousand
dollars shall be replaced out of the fund reserved for laying
oiu and making roads, under the direction of Congress, by
the several acts passed for the admission of the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri into tbe Union on an
, equal footing with the original States."
In the fifth volume of the Statutes at Large, page
'■ 71, we find " An act for the continuation of the
II Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
1 j and Illinois," by which it is provided:
! " That the sun of two hundred thousand dollars be and
I the same is hereby appropriated, fbr tbe purpose of continu-
ing the Cumberland road in the State of Ohio; that tbe sum
; oftwo hundred and fifty thousand dollars be and tbe same
is hereby appropriated, for continuing the Cumberland road
: in the State of Indiana, including materials for erecting a
I, bridge across the Wabash river; and that the sum of one
1' hundred and fitly thousand dollars be and the same ishereby
! appropriated, for continuing the Cumberland road in the
State of Illinois; which sums shall be paid out of any money
not otherwise appropriated, and replaced out of the fund re-
served for laying out and making roads, under the direction
of Congress, by tbe several acts passed for the admission of
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri into the
i! Union on an equal footing with the original States."
' I Here, again, we findthefund specifically pledged.
By anothef act, which I will not take up the time
of the Senate by reading, four hundred and fifty
,' thousand dollars, one hundred and fifty thousand
in each of the three States, were appropriated to
the same object, and the two per cent, fund was
pledged to the reimbursement of this amount. The
' amount to be appropriated by this bill is, I pre-
sume, about $230,000. I think that an official
document on our files will show that $300,000 was
the amount of ths two per cent, fund, arising out
of the sales of the public lands in Missouri a short
time ago.. It has probably increased since that
time to about $230,000. This bill proposes an
immediate appropriation of the whole of that sum,
and a prospective appropriation of all the sums
that shall hereafter accrue within the State of Mis-
souri in consequence of that reserved two per cent,
fund. Now the Senate will find, from the appro-
priations to which I have called their attention,
, that vastly more than $230,000 has been expended,
without making Missouri at all chargeable for any
part of the road outside the State of Illinois.
The deficit of reimbursement for the construo-
)' tion of the whole road from Cumberland to Van-
dalia is about four millions and a half, and if Mis*
souri is liable for her portion of that four millions
and a half, it would be perhaps twenty or thirty
times the amount of $230,000. But admit that she
is not liable for anything expended in Ohio, for
anything expended in Indiana, and that her liabil-
ity begins when the road readies Illinois. Upon
reaching Illinois, Illinois had no right to ask of us
to expend one dollar, and it was only on account
of the reserved fund to Missouri that we could b«
called upon to make any expenditure of money
within the limits of Illinois. Then if you charge
to Missouri only what has been expended within
the limits of Illinois, it will exceed three or four
times the amount claimed in her behalf by the bill
under consideration. I am aware that the road
has not-aetually terminated at the line of Missouri.
The Government was to begin the road some-
where, and the compact did not require that the
Government should begin the road at any particu-
lar plaee. I contend that the literal interpretation
which would require of you to carry the road up
to the very line of the State of Missouri is not the
true and just interpretation of the act. The ques-
tion is whether Missouri has or has not derived
benefit from the construction of the road. As I
have.already stated, every Western State has de-
rived benefit, especially those States through which
' it passes and to which it runs. The General Gov-
ernment had discretion on the subject; they had a
right to begin the road where they thought proper.
Suppose they began the line;at Missouri, there
might then have been a gap from Vandalia to In-
diana, about equal in extent to that which is BOW
complained of between Vandalia and Missouri.
But the law invested Congress with discretionary
! power, and that power, as I contend, has been
> faithfully exercised by Congress. If the road was
| not earned to the Missouri line, there were vari-
ous reasons for it. One was the exhaustion of the
fund. The fund may hereafter accumulate, if un->
| appropriated, perhaps to an amount sufficient to
| carry the road to the line of Missouri. No time
| is fixed in the compact as to where the road shall
; be run; the road is to be earned pari passu with
;: the increase of the fund. The fund will go oil
11 increasing until the whole of the publie lands i 
' Missouri shall have been sold, and it is possible
if it be not squandered and wasted away, that it
' mayhereafter be sufficient to complete the road.
! With respect to the road itself, after it reached
Illinois it was found impossible to gravel or to
stone it. There was proof before this body, I
recollect, some fourteen years ago, when I was a
member, that stone for the purpose of grading
had been carried thirteen miles. There was no
stone or gravel to be found within the limits of
that State convenient to the site of the road to
make it as it was made in Ohio and part of Indi-
ana. And according to the last appropriations
made for carrying; the road through Illinois It was
especially provided that the motley should not
be applied to paving with stone or graveling the
; road. This Was because of the enormous ex-
' i penses which would be otherwise occasioned by
: transporting the stone and gravel. The opening
of the road was all the Government stipulated.
!! There was nothing that required the road to be
macadamized. In point of fact there "is a road now
! existing from Vandalia to Alton and to St. Louis
and the Missouri line. It is a road made under
the authority of the State of Illinois; but it makes
continuous the line from Cumberland to the Mis-
: sissippi river. At this end of the line from Cum-
, berland to the, seat of Government, to Baltimore,
and to the eastern cities, roads were made not by
lt public authority or public moan?, but by private
corporations and individuals, so that at both ends
of the road there are about one hundred and fifty
, or two hundred miles executed by the enterprise
r of individuals, and not at the expense either of
the General Government or any State Government.
The whole extent of the road as far as it goes-
eight hundred miles—is beneficial not merely to
Missouri, but to all tjiat group of States through
! which it passes, and to those States emigration to
which will be promoted by this means of travel-
i 'nS-
I think I hare shown, first, that the General
Government was not bound to make any particular
i or specific kind of road; secondly, that it was not
fi limited as to the time when the r6ad should be
