1651.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
141
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
out for her benefit. Roads to the State and with-
in the State, were the modes in which the benefits
were to be conferred. Congress was to apply
part, and the State part, and both in a given way;
and it would have been just as much a violation
of the .compact for Congress to apply its part dif-
ferent from the compact, as it would have been in
the State to have deviated from the terms of the
law.
We now come to the State of Missouri. A
compact was made with it in 1820; and, sir, in
that compact the State of Missouri, in accepting
the conditions which were laid down by Congress,
showed her full sense of her rights—that this
whole five per centum was hers, purchased upon
hard terms, and then proposed that the whole
should be given up to her. With great foresight,
with great forecast, (and I can say it with more
readiness, for I was not a member of the conven-
tion that did it,) Missouri seemed to have foreseen
what has happened to-day, improbable aB that
happening would seem in 1820. In accepting that
condition, the State of Missouri at the same time
made a request to the Congress of the United
States, which is preserved as part of her act of ac-
ceptance. She made a request, which I will read
to the Senate:
£< And this convention doth hereby request the Congress
• of the United States so to modify the third proposition, that
the whole amount of the five per centum on the sale of the
public lands therein offered, may be applied to the construc-
tion of roads and canals, and the promotion of education
within this State, under the direction of the Legislature
thereof."
This is a most essential proposition. It goes
back to the birth of the State—goes back thirty
years to the convention which framed the consti-
tution of the State, and formed the compact with
Congress; and it shows that on that day she
looked upon the whole of this fire per centum as
belonging to herself—as being her own money—
and of which she desired to make the application
herself, and within her own borders, and in the j
improvement of the mind as well as in the improve-
ment of the country. She knew it was hers, and
knew that she had purchased it upon hard terms
—about such terms as those on which a young
heir purchases money from an old miser—thou-
sands to be paid for hundreds received. She gave
up the taxation of forty millions of acres, worth
forty times what these per centums ever would be
worth to her. She gave it up. She purchased
this miserable pittance in lieu of taxation, under
the belief that it was her own, and to be her own,
and to be laid out in making roads to her, and not
in the moon, or in Maryland, or even in Ohio,
minting at her—directing one end towards her.'
She never thought of such a thing as that. She
thought words were words, and stood for what
they said. She thought a bargain whs a bargain:
and has stood to her part of it. She has not taxed
the public lands. She claimed this money from
her birth, and she had a hard birth as well as a !
hard bargain: Jong delayed, and then born into
the Union almost by the Caesarean operation.
She claimed this whole money as her own; and
just at that time, 1820, the construction of the
road took a form which promised an indefinite de- j
lay in giving her the benefit of any road to her.
This shows that Missouri claimed this money
thirty years ago, and that the Senator is totally
mistaken in supposing that she never dissented
from the application which was made of it in
other States. She dissented from the beginning,
as if she had been able to look into futurity and
see herself deprived of it by Congress. But this
was only the beginning. In the year 1829 the
General Assembly of Missouri, with some expe-
rience of what was going on, memorialized Con-
gress upon the subject of this road. The General
Assembly became uneasy at the slow progress of
the road, and the millions expended on it east of
the Ohio river, and in States remote from her bor-
ders, and remonstrated against it. Here is an
extract from the memorial, which I will read: j
" The General Assembly of the State of Missouri, con-
sidering that the people of this State are greatly interested
in the speedy location and construction of the Cumberland
road to the city of Jefferson, assume the liberty to present
lor the consideration of Congress the propriety of providing
by law for the immediate location of that road throughout
its whole extent, and to earnestly recommend the policy of
speedily opening, graduating, and so improving the same by
bridges and causeways as to facilitate the passage over the
SMMt dlfBaslt stream* and swamps. This General Aswm- j
bly are well are that the amount already expended in the
construction of this road, from the point of its commence-
ment at Cumberland, has been great, and perhaps considcr-
] ably exceeding the amount of the two per centum fund
| heretofore arising from the proceeds of the sales of public
lands in the western States, and appropriated to that object
by the General Government. Yet it must be obvious to the
Congress of the United States that, considering the great |
distance all parts of this improvement are from the limits nf
this State, (to the capital of which it is destined ultimately
to reach,) the conveniences now arising from it are too re- '
mote to be sensibly felt, or even to operate, except in a
slightly collateral way on its citizens. And, considering
the time already elapsed since the commencement of that
great object of internal improvement, and the progress here-
tofore made towards its accomplishment, it appears cvidont
to your meniorialists that no person of the present genera-
tion will experience the benefits resulting from it, nor wit- :
ness its completion in accordance with the original plan and ;
patriotic intention of the General Government." ,
1 There, sir, is the argument which the Senator i
from Kentucky wants, and which he supposes did •
not exist. He wanted a protest from Missouri— I
a dissent from the manner in which this was ap- ;
plied so foreign to her interests, and he has got it! i
She protested against the slow progress of the
work—saw it would not reach her in the life of
any man of this generation—and asked for a com-
mon road to be made at once. She wanted some-
thing in return for her money. She spoke, and
' formally and authentically, through her Legisla-
i ure to Congress; and the Senator from Kentucky
must now see that he is entirely mistaken in sup-;
posing that the State has never dissented from or
: protested against the manner in which that fund ;
i was applied.
I come to another protest. It is an extract from
the message of the present Governor of the State j
of Missouri to the Legislature now in session, in ,
■ which he shows the right of the State of Missouri j
I to demand this money from the Government of 1
the United States, and carries the subject for the
seeond time before the General Assembly of the
State. He says:
i " I beg leave to call attention, as I did two yean since,
| in my flrtt address to the Legislature, to the question of the
right of the State to the two per cent. fund.
" One of the propositions made by the General Govern-
mcnt, and accepted by Missouri upon her admission into
the Union, was," that ' five per cent, of the net proceeds of
the sales of lands lying within the said Territory or State
] shall be sold by Congress from and alter the first day of
January, [1821,] after deducting all the expenses incidental
to the same, shall be reserved for making public roads and
canals, of which three firths shall be applied to those objects
within the State, under the direction of the Legislature
thereof, and the other two"fifths in defraying, under the di-
rection of Congress, the expenses to be incurred in the ma-
king of a road or roads, canal or canals, leading to the said
State.' This condition, so far as it relates to two fifths of
; this five per centv has not been fulfilled by the General
Government, nor is it desirable on the part of Missouri that
it should now be done. The introduction of steam power,
and its application to boats and railreads, has superseded
the necessity for a performance of this part of the compact.
' But it leaves Missouri with an equitable, and 1 may say, a
, legal claim upon the General Government, for the appro-
| priation of this two per cent. fund. The correctness of this
principle has been repeatedly recognized by Congress in the
relinquishment of the two per cent, fund to several of the
. States, under a similar compact to this, under which Mis-
souri now asserts her rights."
In this paragraph of his message Governor
j King shows the right of the State to this reclama-
tion. In subsequent paragraphs he shows the
enormous consideration which the State gave for
it. He says:
" The five per cent, agreed to be paid to and for the use
i and benefit of Missouri was not a gratuitous gift; a most
; valuable consideration was given by the people of the State
when in the Convention, which they had caused to assem-
ble to consider of this offer to the General Government,
: and, of another concession which was required of them as
a condition of the admission of the State into the Union,
j it was agreed by ordinance that the lands of the United
Statesin Missouri should not be taxed, and also that the
same lands should be exempt from tax for any purpose
i whatever for five years from and after the respective days
■ of sale thereof. Thus it will be seen that Missouri has sur-
rendered her land revenue for thirty years upon upwards of
twenty-nine millions of acres of land, the number of acres
of land, the number of acres as shown by a late report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, to belong to
the General Government, and unsold at that time, and upon
j the balance of the land in Missouri, amounting to upwards
( of thirteen millions of acres, which, by the same report, is
' shown to have been sold at that time, she loses her revenue,
not only up to the day of sale, but for five yeara there-
after."
i Mr. President, there were forty millions of acres
of public lands in the State of Missouri. About
thirteen millions have been sold; twenty-seven
millions remain unsold. In thirty years we have
sold thirteen millions. The tax upon that, at the
( lowest rate of taxation, would have been great.
A million of acres is valued by the United States
at a million and a quarter of dollars. Take even
| a small tax of one per centum on that value for
! each year, on each million, and you will have a
great sum. Multiplied by thirteen, the number of
millions of acres sold, ana you will have the tax
for one year: multiply that by the thirty years
that have elapsed—or rather by the half of it, as
■ the sales were going on all the time—multiply it
by fifteen, and you will have the amount of tax
' lost to the State on the land already sold. Twenty-
; seven millions remain to be sold; and upon the
basis that that amount may be sold in thirty
years, here is another enormous amouut of taxa-
| tion to be lost.
! A more compendious view of this enormous
I loss is this: The United States owned forty mil-
! lions of acres of lantl in Missouri. Each million
i was valued at 01,250,000; the value of the whole
! forty millions.of acres being $50,000,000. Now
, the annual taxation upon these fifty millions of
; property is what the Sta'e loses by her compact.
! Surely the State ought at least to receive what she
j earns on such hard terms. Twenty-seven mil-
lions of acres remain to be sold; the Federal value
is about $35,000,000. Upon that sum Missouri
is to continue to lose the taxes, reduced in amount
by the annual sales, until it is all gone. If it takes
thirty years to sell all, fifteen years may be as-
sumed as the period during which Missouri will
1 still annually lose the taxes on that amount of
$35,000,000. She is to continue losing taxes, and
i also losing the poor and miserable pittance of the
two per centum which is accruing every year,
j Her two per centum is to go into the Federal
Treasury. She is to pay all and receive nothing.
I hope the Senator from Kentucky deems more
.highly of the intellect of the State of Missouri
than to suppose that she will be content with the
prospect which he has held out to-day—that the
road may yet be made in some future time. I
hope he deems more highly of the intellect of the
State of Missouri than to present that prospect
there as a reason for refusing the money now.
Governor King, in another paragraph of his
message, makes these recommendations:
" I recommend that the Legislature make a formal re-
' linquishment to the General Government of the right of
the State to the fulfillment of the compact, in respect to the
two per cent, fund, and also to ask that (sard fund be relin-
quished to the State of Missouri; and the State also declare
its willingness to accept said relinquishment in full of said
fund, nccrued and accruing, with this further condition,
that the said two per cent, fund shall be faithfully applied
to the construction of the Pacific railroad, and the Hanni-
iial and St. Joseph railroad, in such manner as may b«
thought just by the Legislature."
That is the recommendation of the Governor;
and with these suggestions the.-bill corresponds.
They are in exact accordance with each other, and
with the original intent of constituting the fund.
| It was to make continuous roads to the State, and
! through it. In acts which have been adopted to
| pay this two per cent, fund to certain States, Ala-
bama, for one, there was a clause which required
! the road in the State to lead to the frontier, so as
; to connect with roads corning to it. Our bill cor-
i responds with this. He recommends two named
j roads within the State, both of such importance
that they may be deemed national. Both have in-
! itial points on the Mississippi river—leading and
j commanding points, and points which communi-
cate with other roads coming across Illinois. They
, cross the State east and west—go through it—ac-
cording to the original intent of the compacts, and
will be beneficial to the United States, as well ra
to the State of Missouri. I can say that these two
roads which are proposed to be made, which the
State is now exerting herself to make, will be
links in the national roads which traverse the con-
' tinent. They will be links, and most important
1 ones, in the great line of communication across the
continent. There is a nationality in the object to
i whieh it is proposed to apply this two per centum
fund.
Now, Mr. President, having shown that the
Senator from Kentucky was mistaken in many
points in relation to this road—in relation to the
time of its origin—its character—its continuation
beyond the Ohio river—his " outride and direction
towards:" and in the great points that Missouri
had never objected or dissented to the application
of this fund to objects so distant from her, I have
1 now to show his equal mistake in reading from the
