149
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
[Feb. 6,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
journals of the Senate the names of those Senators :
who voted for the passage of this two per centum. 1
I was one of those Senators, and when I offered
this ease to the Senate, some thirty days ago, I
stated that these pledges constituted tHe reason
whv the representatives of Missouri had not here-
tofore applied to have the two per centum paid to
the State. We waited till it was beyond dispute
that the road was given up by Congress, and was
never to go to Missouri.
But what more did I say at the same time, and
•which will now stand for nn answer to all said by
the Senator from Kentucky ? I said that we gave
these votes under a pledge that the road was
to go to the State. Every vote was given under
that pledge. Every one was given under that as-
sumption. And it was not until that assumption
failed—it was not until it was fully and completely
seen that the road was never to be made to the
State of Missouri, that we felt ourselves justified
to come forward and demand the money. Sir, did
we not vote under these conditions? Was not
every word that was spoken upon the subject of
this road, spoken under the pledge that the road
was to be carried to the State of Missouri, and,
as the General Assembly says, through it? Yes,
sir, every vote was given under that pledge. And
now to ask us to stand to the pledge, when the
condition has failed, would be about equal to ask-
ing us to stand to the penalty of a bond after the
condition of the bond was cut off and thrown
away. What would be done in a court of justice
if a person sued upon a bond should show that
there was a condition to it, which condition would
make it void? Would not the court say, if you
can make that assertion good the bond will be
Toid ? Would not everybody say so ? If in courts
of justice even, if in nisi jrriits even, in any com-
mon law courts, a pledge given upon a condition
is void unless the condition is performed, will it
not be so here? That is the precise case in which
Missouri stands to-day. She waited so long for
the fulfillment of the condition that there could be
no dispute about it; and she has come forward, like j
other Suites hare done, and asked to have her two
per centum paid over to her. Now, the Senator 1
from Kentucky assumes that the State of Missouri <
is a great debtor: that she is largely in debt to the
United States. And what is the foundation of
this supposed indebtedness? It is because the
United States has made a road from the navigable
waters of the Atlantic towards Missouri. Upon
the same principle I apprehend she is also largely
in debt to Maryland, or the companies chartered
by the State of Maryland for making two roads
and a canal. They made roads and canals " to-
wards" Missouri. They made the road to Cum-
berland, being half the distrace to Ohio. And not
only that, but Missouri may be brought largely
in debt to the State of Pennsylvania. She has
made roads and canals leading to the Ohio river,
and towards Missouri. She may be brought in
debt to Virginia, for Virginia made a road to the
Ohio river at the mouth of the Guyandotte, point-
ing in a direction towards Missouri. We may
also be brought in debt to Kentucky; for she also
has has made roads pointing towards Missouri.
The same of all the States. They have all made
such pointing roads. Upon that principle Missouri
may be brought m debt to every State in the
Union. The Senator reads an act appropriating
£20,000 to make a road in the Territory of Iowa
to the northern boundary of Missouri. Why
l'Cad that act? Is it a part performance of the
compact ? Is that a continuation of the great Na-
tional road? Surely the Senator ought to deem
more highly of the intellect of the people of Mis-
souri than to quote that Iowa road upon them.
I think the Senator, upon his own showing,
would make Kentucky a debtor to the Federal
Government for this national road. He tells of
the time when he was mired for three days on a
few miles where he now goes smooth in a few
hours. He should make Kentucky a debtor by
his own showing. All the West, and Northwest,
and Southwest may also be made debtors. I hope
they will not all be sued for the money. Fortu-
nately, none of them except Missouri has money
in the Federal Treasury, to be held without suit.
The Senator from Kentucky gives us a special
pleading on the point of time—that there was no
time limited within which the road wm lo get ta
Missouri. That plea might do better in a law
court than in the Senate of the United States.
When there is no time fixed a reasonable time is
always intended; and what was reasonable time
was well understood when the compact was made,
and when the Missouri memorial of 1829 was
presented. But is not the road given up ? Is it not
dead' Will Congress ever carry it an inch further?
Certainly not. It is a far-fetched argument that
the road may yet be made. It is a two-edged ar-
gument: it admits the right of Missouri to have
the road, and postpones it to eternity. A genera-
tion has passed away, and the road has stopped,
never to be resumed f And now here is the State
of Missouri—I repeat it for the fortieth time—the
only State to which this two per centum has not
been either reimbursed in money, or the terms
of the bond complied with by making a road to
her.
Mr. CLAY. I will detain the Senate but a
very little time. The argument of the Senator
from Missouri has not controverted several posi-
tions which I assumed as existing, and which I
think must be conclusive on this question. He
has not denied that there is not a single cent of the
two per cent, fund in the Treasury of the United
States. He has not denied that the whole has
\ been expended on the Cumberland road. He
has not denied that it was expended under the
express provisions in the several acts declaring
that the reimbursement of the General Govern-
ment should be made out of that two per cent,
fund. He has not denied that the State of Mis-
souri, during the progress of these various acts,
never intervened to protest against an appropria-
, tion of the money to advance the road. He has
brought forward a memorial of the General Assem-
bly of Missouri, sent here in 1829, in which they
do not complain of the pledge of the fund, they do
not complain at all that the two per cent, fund
had been appropriated to extend the road, but they
complain that the work upon the road was not
carried on with the rapidity which they desired;
they wanted to see it extended more rapidly than
it had been. |
With respect to the recent recommendation of '
the Governor to relinquish to the United States all !
the obligations on their part to continue the road, '
it is a very late affair, and has grown up under
the idea that there is in the Treasury some two or i
three hundred thousand dollars belonging to Mis- 1
souri; every cent of which has been expended
without the interposition of Missouri, and with
the express assent of the representatives of Mis-
souri in both Houses of Congress. <
Sir, it is said that I have been incorrect with
respect to the date of the act for establishing the 1
Cumberland road, and a reference has been made
to the various propositions between the State of
Ohio and the General Government, as to the terms
of the contract which the parties were mutually
about to enter into. I have the act before me, but
it is not worth while to trouble the Senate with
reading it now. The proposition contained in the
offer from Ohio, and the counter proposition on
the part of the General Government, did not relate
to any specific kind of road, not to the Cumber-
land road; but they spoke of roads generally.
And I repeat that, according to all chronology, I
am correct in asserting that the act of March,
1806, was, as I have before said, the very first act
passed to make a road from Cumberland to the
, Ohio river. Here is the act which requires that
commissioners shall be appointed who were to lay
out the road under the direction of the President
of the United States, and to be allowed their per
diem, for it. And the latter part of the act pledges
the fund which was to arise from the two per
cent, for the reimbursement of the General Gov-
ernment.
Now, it is very true that in the original terms
of the conpact between Ohio and the General Gov-
ernment, the stipulation with respect to the appli-
cation of the five per cent, was, that it was to be
applied to make roads to and through the State;
the words " through the State" have been rejected
in every other instance, and even before the Cum-
berland road reached Wheeling the two per
cent, fund reserved in the compact with Ohio had
been expended. So that what I stated before with
regard to this subject is perfectly true; that Ohio
;} had ne claim upon the General Government, aris-
ing out of that two per cent, fund to go one step
beyond the Ohio river or beyond Wheeling.
The Senator says, that according to the stipula-
tions between Missouri and the General Govern-
ment, the road was to terminate at the line of the
State of Missouri. Now, sir, there are some half
dozen answers to that argument of the Senator. The
first is, that it is too literal. A road lending to it or
near it substantially complies with the stipulations
contained in the compact. The benefits of the road,
to the extent to which it reaches or approaches
the State of Missouri, are enjoyed by that State.
But, sir, besides, without disputing about the mere
verbal criticism, there are other answers to his ar-
gument. One is, that it has not gone to the Mis-
sissippi river, because the fund was exhausted
when it reached Vandalia. There was no longer
any means for prosecuting the road, arising from
the two per cent, fund, beyond Vandalia. The
Government was only bound to the whole of the
two per cent, fund, and, as I said before, it was
not bound to begin the road at Missouri, or make
it from Missouri, but a road to lead to Missouri.
Under this compact a road has been begun, and
carried into the State of Illinois, without any right
on the part of the State of Illinois to demand that
it should be carried through the State in conse-
' quence of any compact with Missouri. Even be-
fore the road reaches Vandalia the two percent,
fund received upon the sale of the public lands in
Missouri is exhausted, and more than three times
exhausted. What right has she when the fund
is exhausted to demand that the road shall continue
beyond Vandalia?
But there are other answers to the arguments of
the Senator from Missouri, and one of them is,
that the road could never have been carried to the
line of Missouri. The Missisippi river intervenes
so that it could only be carried to the bank of the
Mississippi river within the State of Illinois. It
can never be carried to the State, if that word "to "
is to receive its literal signification, and if, accord-
ing to it, we were bound to make a road to the very
line of Missouri.
But there are still other answers to the arguments
' of the Senator from Missouri. Another answer
is, that there is a road actually in existence from
Vandalia to>the banks of the Mississippi, opposite
to St. Louis, and another from Vandalia to Alton,
opposite to Missouri. She has the benefit of these
roads. Would you make another road? Govern-
ment was not bound to make a macadamized road;
any dirt road would answer the compact.
But another answer is that it has been only
about ten or twelve years since the appropriation
ceased, and ceased for the reason, among others,
that the fund was exhausted. Government did
advance upon the road from Cumberland to Van-
dalia more than four millions of dollars. The re-
imbursements of all four States have not amounted
to one fourth part of the expense to the Govern-
ment upon the road from Cumberland to Van-
dalia.
Well, sir, another answer to theargumentsgiven
is, that if Missouri, or the Senator from Missouri,
will wait until there is an accumulation from the
sales of the land in Missouri to make anotherroad
they may have another road, if they insist upon
it, upon the top of the one they have already.
They ought to be willing to wait until the fund
can be accumulated from the sales of the public
lands in Missouri. The whole amount which is
said to be in the Treasury now, due to Missouri,
is about two hundred and thirty thousand dollars,
: if the title of the bill is correct in point of fact. It
is " A bill to make good to the State of Missouri
the two per centum of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands heretofore withheld from that
State."
It assumes that the money is in the Treasury,
it assumes that Ve have withheld it from Missouri;
it assumes that there nre no pledges, no obliga-
tions, no appropriations, no disbursements of
money for the benefit of Missouri. Every cent of
it, and more than three times every cent of it, has
been disbursed. Let the fund accumulate, let fur-
ther sales take place, let there be money in the
public Treasury of the United States from the sales
of public lands in Missouri, and she may call upon
the Government of the United States to apply it
, under the compact.
| But again: the meat that Misaouri ha* a right
