185I.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
31st (Jong 2d Sess.-
Board of Accounts—Mr. Daniel.
Ho. of Reps.
to demand is, even supposing I am wrong in all
the views I have yet presented, that Government
should make a graded road from Vandalia to St.
Louis. What would that cost? I suppose the
expense might be about $500 per mile. The dis-
tance is about one hundred miles. The whole ex-
pense therefore would be about *50,000. While
the whole expense would be only $50,000; a de-
mand is made for $230,000, which has already ac-
crued , it is said, and which is assumed to bealready
in the Treasury; and then there is a demand on
the General Government for all that may hereafter
accrue. Sir, I think the case is fully m the pos-
session of the Senate, and, according to any rea-
soning which I can apply to the subject, it seems
to me there is no just foundation whatever for the
demand on the part of Missouri, and, entertaining
that opinion, I thought it my duty to make the
exposition which I have, and leave it for the Senate
to take such action as they may deem proper.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] has assumed that it is an impossibility
that this road should extend so as to reach the
Missouri line; that it would have to stop at the
Mississippi river on this side, and would be within
the limits of the State of Illinois. This is a nice
point, and a fine distinction. It is worthy to oc-
cupy the powers of the Senate. I admit the phys-
ical impossibility. The line of the State is in the
middle of the Mississippi river. I confess to the
fact that it would be rather hard—bordering on
the impossible—to run the road to the middle of
that stream. The Senator has started a real diffi-
culty—a great point. The Mississippi is a deep
river—a rapid river—a broad river—and the Mis-
souri line is in the middle of it. Hard work to
make the road to that middle! I feel the force of
the Senator's argument. I am staggered by it,
and think it a fair case for a compromise. 1 am a
friend to compromises, in proper cases, and this
is certainly a case for that amicable process. I
propose that in the spirit of compromise, and hope
it will be met in the spirit in which it is offered,
that the Senator shall nave the road made to the
water's edge—to the place where the ferry-boat
touches the eastern bank of the Mississippi—or
pay Missouri the two percent, in lieu of the road.
That is what 1 call a fair proposition of compro-
mise, and if accepted, I think it will stand, and
that without signing a bond to guard it.
The Senator says there are two roads to Mis-
, souri. I apprehend there are forty, leading from
every point of the compass! Illinois has many
converging to the ferry opposite to St. Louis. I ap-
prehend you cannot point in any direction without
finding one of these roads, made by counties, made
by the neighbors. There are a plenty of such
roads; and to what a desperation of argument must
the Senator be reduced to quote such roads in this
debate as a fulfillment of the compact with the
State of Missouri, and a discharge of the obliga-
tions which that compact imposed.
Sir, I must beg again that the Senator from Ken-
tucky will deem more highly the intellect of the
people of Missouri. The people of the State of
Missouri will certainly weigh all his arguments,
and will think themselves entitled to better reasons
than these. Neighborhood roads, county roads,
cart roads, market roads, leading to the ferry at
St. Louis from different points m Illinois, to be
plead in the American Senate as a compliance with
the obligation which has put a magnificent road,
with Roman bridges, at a cost of near six millions
of dollars, in Maryland, Ohio, Indiana, and part
pf Illinois.
The gentleman has gone through a catalogue of
non-denials, and sajrs that the gentleman from Mis-
souri has not denied that this money has not all
been expended—has not denied that at the time
the act was passed for the continuation of the
Cumberland road, the fund was pledged—has not
denied that he voted for the pledge, &c. He has
exulted over these non-denials, and seems to draw
great consequences from them.
Now, the Senator from Missouri did not deny
liiese things; and the reason why was because he
stated them all himself when he made his first
speech on the subject. The Senator from Missouri
stated the whole history of this pledge then, and
based his argument upon the identical facts which
are now exultingly proclaimed not to be denied.
More than that. I gave in a table of all the pay-
ments, and sent it to the Land Committee, which
has been mislaid so that it cannot now be found.
That, then, is the reason why I did not deny, be-
cause I had told it to the Senate before the Senator
from Kentucky did; and did it because it was
necessary to do so to lay a foundation for my bill. 1
Sir, I have listened and endeavored to catch or
find something in the arguments of the Senator
from Kentucky which might stand for a reason to
show either that Missouri is largely in debt to the
United States, or that she ought not to have this
money refunded to her. Every other new State
has had the benefit of their compacts—either a road
made to them, or the whole five per cent, given up
to them. Missouri is the only exception. She
has neither got the road nor the money. She has
paid and is paying the consideration upon which !
she was to have the road—paying it in tne exemp-
tion—the annual exemption of the public lands
from taxation—lands which were forty millions of
acres, estimated at $50,000,000—which are now ,
twenty-seven millions of acres, estimated at about
035,000,000—and which will not all escape from i
exemption for an age to come. 1
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
REMARKS OF MR. DANIEL,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House or Representatives,
Saturday, February 8, 1851.
The House being in Committee of tbe Whole on tbe state
of tbe Union, (Mr. Jones in tbe cbair,) on the bill to estab-
lish a Board of Accounts, and having under consideration
tbe amendment reported by the Committee of Claims Is tire
first section of the bill—
Mr. DANIEL said:
Mr. Chairman: This project for establishing a
Board of Accounts, or some such scheme, for pass-
ing upon demands against the Government, is not
new. It has been before Congress in one branch
or the other, and in its committees in some form or
other, at different times heretofore. But the good
sense of those who have gone before us, after scan-
ning it closely, has avoided the responsibility of
entering upon the hazardous experiment. It is
said that this measure comes here under the aus-
pices of Executive recommendation. It is true.
But I apprehend the Executive has given no ex-
amination to this bill, and but little consideration
to the probable effect of the proposed measure.
He has recommended the measure, I apprehend, in
consequence of complaints on the part of those
who have demands against the Government, rather
than from an attentive consideration of the alleged
evil it is designed to remedy, and the probable
mischief it may produce. I think, therefore, his
recommendation in regard to the matter is entitled
to but little weight.
If this project should go into effect and become
a law, who will be benefited by it? Will the
country at large? I fear not. Will those who
have meritorious claim's against the Government
derive any material benefit from it? I appre-
hend not; but, on the contrary, they may sus-
tain an injury by it. Those who have claims
which are not founded in justice, and the agents
who are engaged in the prosecution of such claims,
will be chiefly benefited. They will have another
chance afforded of procuring, by all the appliances
which may be brought to bear, a'favorable indorse-
ment of such claims by the board, and thus fa-
cilitate, if not insure their passage.
This bill provides that all demands against the
Government, of every description, and all peti-
tions for every kind of relief whatever, shall be
submitted to the cognizance and decision of the
board, and its decisions are to be reported to Con-
gress. If they report favorably, their decision is
to be final, and Congress is to be the passive in-
strument to carry such decision into effect, by
making the necessary appropriations. But if the
decision be adverse, that adverse decision is to be
considered by Congress, and if affirmed, there is
to be an end of it; but if not, it is to be referred
back to the board for further action, tantamount
to instructions to report it favorably.
Why this glaring inequality between the claim-
ant and the Government? Why make a decision
against the Government final and conclusive, and
a decision in its favor remandable, with virtual in-
structions to report favorably, and thereby make
it conclusive? Sir, could a feature be impressed
upon the bill more strongly indicative of a dispo-
sition to consult the interest of claimants, without
regard to the Treasury, or that equality between
parties litigant, from which no tribunal should be
allowed to depart? This alone is enough to con-
demn the measure. Why, sir, how unreasonable
is such a provision, when, before the claimant re-
sorts to the Board of Accounts, he may, in all
cases cognizable by the auditing officers of the
Treasury, take his chances for a favorable decis-
ion before the Auditor, then, by successive appeals,
to the Comptroller, the head of the Department to
which his case relates, and even to the President
himself; and that, too, upon evidence for the most
part, if not entirely, ex parte.
The substitute which has been offered by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] on the
part of the Judiciary Committee, does not propose,
as I understand it, to make any decision of the
board final, but simply that it shall investigate the
facts, and report them to Congress. It decides
nothing. Wliy, sir, the complaint is not that the
committees will not report cases to the two Houses,
but that Congress does act upon the bills reported;
and if Congress will not become more attentive to
private claims after the board shall have been cre-
ated, as proposed by the substitute, how will that
remedy the evil? Not at all; and objection and
discussion will take place as under the existing
arrangement, and be followed by tbe like delay.
And, Mr. Chairman, if Congress shall continue
to be composed of men who snail know their duty
and will perform it, instead of mere automata to
make appropriations, they will object, scrutinize,
and discuss, whether the decision shall be affirma-
tive and conclusive, or adverse, as provided by the
Senate bill as amended by the Committee of Claims,
which has been pertinently and ably supported by
my two colleagues of the committee, the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Nelson,] and the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. McLean;] and
the same delay will probably follow as would,
should the board merely report the facts to Con-
gress, as proposed by the substitute. We shall be
then pretty much where we are, and the proposi-
tion seems to resolve itself into the question,
whether Congress will continue to have the facts
investigated and reported by committees, as here-
tofore, or incur unnecessary expense, and extend
Executive patronage, by creating the proposed
board, with no benefit to claimants beyond the
bias which a favorable report might occasion.
If, as the gentleman from Kentucky says, wine
parties are resorted to to procure the allowance of
unjust claims, I submit to the good sense of the
committee if they may not be made more effective
with a board composed of but three commission-
ers than with Congress?
But, Mr. Chairman, by what rules and princi-
ples is this board to be governed in taking and ad-
mitting evidence and making its decisions ? None
are prescribed or hinted at. They are no,t required
to observe the rules and principles of law and
equity, but are to have unlimited discretion, as
fiill and ample as that which we ourselves possess^
Th ey may be swayed by favoritism, prejudice, the
desire to serve the Executive, who confers the
commission and holds the power of removal, or1
any other motive, and all will be covered by the
vague and unrestrained discretion about to be con-
ferred. Sir, the proposition in this view is mon-
strous. But it is said these commissioners will
be men of high character and learned in the law,
and will be able to make suitable rules and regu-
lations for the transaction of its business. Sir, I
am not sure of that. Offices are sometimes filled
with a view to political objects, and not without
an eye to partisan services. And although there
is now a sort of political calm, owing to the near
approach to a dissolution of the Union by the
anti-slavery agitation of the Abolitionists, party
warfaremay again rage, and render active political
partisans formidable competitors for Executive
favor.
Mr. Chairman, the report made at the last Con-
gress by the then chairman of the Committee of
Claims, has been referred to ahd relied upon by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Nelson,]
for the huge mass of private business which has
been before several preceding Congresses, and new
