1851.)
31st Cong 2d Sess.
appendix to the congressional globe.
145
Captors of the Frigate Philadelphia—Mr. Hale, ffc. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
Congress, it has been usual to make allowances
by money from the Treasury to the captors of
re«aels which nave been lost before they could be
thought into port; upon the ground that the same
■mount of gallantry which it was the purpose of
the law to stimulate, by giving the captors the
captured vessel as a prize, was uecessary to the
rapture ol" this vessel, and if the loss of it was a
consequence of the circumstances of the capture,
and not the fault of the captors, the liberality of
the Government should extend to them the whole
of the property thus lost.
In this case it appears by the evidence that the
destruction of the frigate Philadelphia was not
necessary, that she could have been brought out of
the port; but in consequence of a specific and de-
cided order of the commodore of the fleet, she was
destroyed—it being deemed safer by the commo-
dore, looking to what might be the result of so
hazardous an adventure, to destroy her on the spot.
But the moral effect of the capture was accom-
plished. The pilot testifies that, with the wind
•listing at the time, she could have been taken out,
but was not, because of the special order of the
commodore. It has always been considered by
both Houses of Congress that the claim of the cap-
tors for remuneration was just and proper to be
allowed. The only difficulty has been in the dis-
tribution of the Talue of the vessel which was de-
stroyed; and that has grown principally out of a
contest upon the part of those who claim to rep-
resent the interest of Commodore Decatur, who
was the officer in command. That difficulty still
exists. The committee, upon a consideration of
the relative claims of those who desire a share of
the portion which would fall to Commodore De-
catur, came to the conclusion that they must be
governed by the legal rights of the case. That is
the point, 1 believe, in which the Senator from
Georgia feels interested.
It appears in the testimony before the committee
that there was found in the pocket of Commodore
Decatur, when brought from the field of his death,
a will, which specifically directed the distribution
of his effects. That will, written when he was pre-
paring to go to the field, and found in his pocket
when brought to town, furnished to the committee
the only rule which they felt themselves at liberty
to regard in determining the distribution of this
fund. They have, therefore, provided that the
part which would have gone to Commodore De-
catur should go to his widow. He directed that
she should be his heir. It is his last will. If he
had a right to a portion of this fund, it is his right
to direct who shall receive the benefit of what is
due to him from the Government, and unless it is
due to him as a legal right, he has no claim to it,
and the bill ought not to pass at all. There is a
letter from Mr. Tazewell, who was a particular
and confidential friend of Commodore Decatur,
which is published with thedocuments, and which,
I think, it might be interesting and important to
the Senate to liear, if it should be the purpose of
the Senator from Georgia to more an amendment
contemplating any other direction to the share of
Commodore Decatur than that directed in his will.
I will read part of it:
"la answer to your question. ' if your late husband ever
communicated to me, in any manner whatever, that he in-
tended to divide bis fortune between his nieces and your-
self f can only say that he never did in any manner what
ever. Indeed. I never knew that he had any niece* until s
abort time before hi* death, when, during a flyinjr visit tn
Waabiiwbw, I railed to tee bim, ml was introduced by
yoarselr to one or both of the MissWcKnights, who were
tben Maying at yonr house; npon that occasion you men-
tioned to me, for the tint time, that they were the nieces of
tke Commodore.
" Shortly before the commencement of the last war with
Groat Britain, when Com. Decatur was about to leave Nor-
folk, (where nc then resided,) at bis request ( wrote aiibort
will for him, which he left with me to keep for him. By
ttu will, after bequeathing aoine swords ami other military
trophies, a* a memento of hi* regard, to his nephew, Ste-
phen Decatur McKnight, tben a young officer in the Navy,
be gave sll the rest of his property to youraelf; and appointed
jam late Atherand myself his executors.
" This will I kept for many yum. But upon hia return
to Norfolk, after the Algerine treaty, I gave it back to bim,
at hia request, and he destroyed it in tny presence, saying
tkst be waa then satisfied poor McKnight would nevermore
he heard of.
" His last will I have seen. It is written altogether by
Mmself, the evening before his decease, and was taken from
his coat pocket, after he was brought home, by the late Com.
Rodger*. This Com. Rodgers told me himself, in order to
eijrisin the appearance the paper then had.
" As I have said, my acquaintance with the Misses Mc- ,
New Series—No, 10.
Knight commenced but a short time before the Commodore's
death, during a flying visit I then made to Washington. I
never saw him afterwards. I'poll thatoccaf ion nor on any
other did 1 ever hear bin) mention them so I'ar as I can rec-
ollect.
•• With great respect, and very sincere regard, I remain,
lay dear madaoi, yours trolv,
"LITTLETON W. TAZEWELL.
" NoaroLZ, Xocembcr Ij, 1849."
" I have not seen hiin (Mr. Tazewell) since the year 1887.
« SUSAN DECATUR. "
Jt copy of tke I a it triil of Commodore Decatur.
" I, Stephen Decatur, of the United States Navj ,now re
siding in the city of Washington, do make this in.v last
will and testament, as follows:
■■ I give and devise to my beloved wife, Susan Decatur,
and ber heirs, all iny estate, real, peesonal, and mixed,
wheresoever situated; and I appoint my friends, Littleton
Waller Tazewell, of Norfolk, Robert G. Harper, of llulti-
saere, and George Bom ford, of the city of Washington, to-
gether with Mrs. Decatur, luv wife, to be the executors of
this my will.''
" This will is recorded in the office of the register of wills
in the city of Washington."
It will be perceived that'at two different periods
of his life, Commodore Decatur made a will, in
both instances confiding and trusting to Mr. Taze-
well as his friend to carry out his will in reference
to the disposition of his estate. In both instances
he- confined his inheritance to his widow. The
last one was written the night before he went to
the field which resulted so fatally. It was then
taken from his pocket when brought to town.
Under that will the estate has been administered,
and it appears by papers which have come to the 1
committee that Mrs. Decatur has not received one
cent from the estate of Commodore Decatur.
Whether it be from the negligence or fault of the
executor, so it is, that Mrs. Decatur has not re-
ceived one cent of avail from the estate of her
deceased husband. It appears, on the contrary,
she-has been brought by some means or other to
; contribute from the small amount allowed to her
| in the shape of a pension to aid in relieving the
•state from embarrassment, which she supposed
and hoped, and was led to believe, would bring
some avails from the general assets. But the re-
' suit has been, that while she lost what she thus
contributed by her own separate means in endeav-
oring to disembarrass the estate, it so happened that
it was not relieved, and she has not received one
cent from it.
The committee, under the circumstances, have
not felt at liberty to disregard the direction of
Commodore Decatur, given under circumstances
which attach a degree of sacredness to it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Before the
chairman of the committee takes his seat, I wish
to inquire whether the rule of distribution adopted
in this bill is the prize act ?
Mr. YULEE. It is the prize act.
Mr. DAVIS, qf Massachusetts. And if it is the
prize act, I want to know whether the complement
of men and officers on board of this vessel was
such as that the distribution would be what would
ordinarily happen on a vessel of this kind,"or what
would be the general effect of the distribution on
the officers and men who armed that vessel and
served on board of it? I want to know what grade
of officers was there?
Mr. YULEE. The highest grade was Lieuten-
and Decatur. He would receive the portion which
belongs to the commander of a vessel. The com-
modore of the squadron would receive a portion.
There has been a difficulty heretofore growing
out of the distribution proposed by different com-
mittees at different times. The committee thought
best to setde down upon a rule which, under or-
dinary circumstances, would be observed in the |
distribution under the prize act. I think there is
a table which will show the shares that are to go [
to each individual.
Mr. HALE. I know it is an ungracious task
to oppose a bill of this sort. The honorable Sen-
ator from Florida seems to suppose that the great-
est difficulty lies in the way of the distribution.
I hope it has not quite come to that yet, that the
greatest difficulty in coming into the United States
Treasury is to know how the spoilq are to be di-
vided. This bill is as old in my memory as any
history that I can recollect. I remember when I
first heard of the Declaration of Independence,
and I think I heard of this bill before thitf. And,
sir, it has been constantly before Congress, and I
do not doubt it will be found that, in some shape
, or other, it has passed, possibly both branches, 1
but by the interposition of that kind Providence
that has watched over this country up to the time
of the compromise of*the last session, it has not
become a law. and I do hope the same kind Prov-
idence will prevent it from ever becoming a law,
because I look upon it as a gross violation of all
our obligations, as an attempt to take money out
of the Treasury without law, and agninst law,
and distribute it, for divers reasons, which operate
upon all sorts of minds. I think the honorable
Senator from Florida [Mr. Yui.ee] is exceedingly
mistaken, when he says that it has been the prac-
tice of this Government to pay money for vessels
taken under these circumstances.
Mr. YULEE. It will perhaps save time, if the
Senator will permit me to furnish the facts.
The PRESIDENT. Dues the Senator give
way ?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I am going to furnish
the Senator with some facts. I saw, a day or two
since, a memorial prepared to be presented to
this Congress by the widow of the late Commo-
dore Porter, ana, accompanying that memorial,
I saw a statement of fhcts, giving a history of
the vessels captured by him while lie was cruising
in the Pacific ocean, during the last war with
Great Gritain, which captures amounted to some
millions—I do not remember how many, but I
think nearly three millions. I think the number
of vessels was about fourteen. Most of them
were of a superior force to that of Commodore
Porter. We all know his gallantry in those seas
during that war, and that the fame of the country
was very much added to by his achievements
there. His fame continues to this day. Of these
fourteen vessels, if I am right in the number, the
aggregate value of which was neaf three millions of
dollars, I think twelve of them never reached the
ports of the United States, to be adjudged good
prizes, but were subsequently taken from him or
destroyed by him. But two reached the country,
i So that, if the principle Sf this bill is to be estab-
lished, and this money is to go out of the Treasury
upon the claim under consideration, there is just
1 exactly as good a claim upon the Treasury, if the
facts I have stated are capable of proof, in this case
of Commodore Porter, for two or three millions of
dollars. 1 have no doubt but that, if you sanction-
this principle, you will go back into the history of
all naval decisions which have taken place from
the commencement of the Government down, and
you will fiild an amount to stagger credulity.
But 1 am at loss to know upon what principle
this claim is founded. Certainly it does not come
within the letter of the law at all. The fifth sec-
tion of the statute, it seems, is:
"That the proceeds of all ships and vessels, and the
goodt> taken on board of th«m, which shall be adjudged good
prize, shall, when of equal or superior force to tiie vessel or
vessels making the capture, be the sole property of the cap-
tors, and when of intenorforce, shall be divided equally be-
tween the United States and the officers and men making tbe
capture."
It is not the value of every vessel which is taken
from the enemy, and then is retaken or destroyed
for fear of being retaken, that, by the letter or
spirit of the law, is to be distributed among the
captors, but that " which shall be adjudged good
prize," and then the money actually goes into the
Treasury, and a portion of it, or, under certain
circumstances, according to the force of the ship,
the whole of it, shall be distributed. By the ad-
ministration of the law in that way nothing is
taken from the Treasury but what goes in. But
here is an attempt made to enlarge the principle;
to take the estimated value of the vessel which
never did become good prize, but which by some
possibility might have been, and then put an esti-
mated value upon that and pay the captors what
thfy would have received if it had been declared
good prize.
The facts are these: The Philadelphia was an
American vessel. It was taken by the enemy and
carried to the port of Tripoli. Commodore De-
catur, with the men under him, planned an expe-
dition to go and retake her. They did so; and
for fear they could not get her out of the port they
burnt her, and for this act we are now called upon
to pay them $100,000. I believe the principle to
be unsound. I do not know any reason why sail-
ors should be paid for property taken any more
than soldiers. But as long as the law is there, as
long as this distinction is upon the statute book, 1
