1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
31st Cong 2d Sess. Captors of the Frigate Philadelphia—-Messrs. Gwin, Yuke, fyc. Senate.
ions of the law, which Commodore Decatur was
£ invented from carrying into execution so as to
are made it a legal claim by the command of a
superior officer. Inasmuch as it stands upon an
appeal to the equity of Congress to allow that to
which these officers had entitled themselves by their
gallantry, the same power which Congress pos-
sesses to allow it as an equitable claim it possesses
in the distribution of the claim. It is not a legal
right, subject to the disposition of Commodore De-
catur, but it is an equitable claim, which in its al-
lowance by Congress may be regarded in its dis-
tribution as' in any other case. Let me say that
when this bill last passed the Senate the amendment
which I now propose to offer was a part of the
bill. The bill as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives also in 1850, and as it has more tnan
once passed the Senate, contains this provision:
" Provided, That this section be so construed as to give
to Mrs. Susan Decatur, widow of Commodore Decatur, to
Mrs. Priscilla Decatur Twiggs and her two sisters, nieces
of Commodore Decatur, adopted as his children, ark equal
share in the distribution of the prize money ID be made
under this act, to wit: one fourth each."
This amendment was adopted by a decisive vote
in the Senate when this bill was before the Senate
St a fofmer period, and the bill which passed the
House of Representatives in 1850 contained the
amendment which I now submit to the considera-
tion of the Senate. I move to amend the bill now
before the Senate by adding what has been read;
and I proceed to the evidence upon which I think
that amendment will be sustained.
[Mr. Berrien here read a number of letters'and
depositions to show that Commodore Decatur did
adopt his nieces as his children, and expected them
to receive a share of his fortune as such.] .
;-.Now,*l think the evidence is abundant that
Commodore Decatur desired to have provision
made for his nieces; that he desired his widow to
make*the provision; and that this provision has
not been made. 1 have shown that this is not a
legal but an equitable claim, and is not subject to
the bequest contained in his will, but is liable to
such a decision as Congress may consider con-
formable to equity and justice,andconsistentwith
the wishes of Commodore Decatur. The reason
■why his wishes did not appear in his will was,
that he had such confidence in his widow's knowl-
edge of his intention, and her disposition to carry
out that intention even more liberally perhaps than
• he would have done. If she has not been able to
carry out his intention in consequence of the cir-
cumstances stated by the chairman oT the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs—although it is very ob-
vious, from the testimony presented, that Com-
modore Decatur, a short time before his death,
considered himself worth an estate of the value of
$100,000—the claim is still stronger on us to
allow them some portion of this little remnant of
the bounty of Congress, not as an act of legal dis-
tribution, or a legal bequest by his will, but as
that which shall be distributed by the bounty of
Congress in order to carry out the intentions thus
clearly ascertained.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of this question until Mon-
day.
Mr. YULEE. I hope we may dispose of this
question now.
Mr. GWIN. I make the motion with a view
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. YULEE; I will not occupy two minutes
of the time of the Senate. The facts upon which
it is alleged that these young ladies were adopted
by Commodore Decatur are disputed by Mrs. De-
catur. But into the merit of that dispute I do not
propose to go. It is sufficient that Commodore
Decatur decided, as the Senator himself admits,
by the case he presents to the Senate, to trust.to
his wife the disposition of the estate which he
might leave, and to leave it to rest with her as to
the extent of the bounty which should be given
to his nieces. The trust was with her; it was his
pleasure to leave it with her. I presume his pur-
pose was that his widow—his bosom friend and
companion through life—should enjoy first the
benefits of his estate, and then, if the avails were
sufficient to enable her to extend her bounty to his
nieces, she might do so. Now, th« Senator com-
plains that because she has not made provision for
these nieces, the Senate must interpose, and in-
stead of leaving it to her, as Commodore Decatur
did, that Congress should do it. Now, that is
sufficiently answered by the fact, which is made
apparent, that Mrs. Decatur never received a cent
from the estate of her husband, and therefore she
was not able to do it. By the account of the ex-
ecutor, Colonel George Bomford, we find that there
was—
Received from the estate $38,146 82
Paid to the estate    37,759 24
Balance due by the executor  387 57
This $387 57 was aH the balance for distribution
among the heirs, and that has never been distrib-
uted. So far from Mrs. Decatur having received
from the estate, she has been obliged to sell the
plate which her husband left her, in order to re-
deem part of the debt contracted on account of his
estate, and which she believed honor required
should be paid; and she is living now upon the
scantly annuity of money Congress gave her as a
pension, which, I believe, is not sufficient? to give
her more than her bread, being dependent upon
charity for the house she occupies.
This is the state of the case, and it is a sufficient
reason for her inability to contribute anything as
a bounty to the nieces; and now it remains with
Congress to determine whether they will inter-
vene, and instead of leaving to her, as Commodore
Decatur intended to leave to her, to determine how
much to give to them, do it ourselves. We do
not even propose to give her what the law would
give her. The amendment proposes to give her
one fourth, when the law would entitle her to one
third.
. Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have but &
word or two to say. I believe I have, in one or
two instances, voted against this claim in the
House of Representatives; but still I never con-
sidered it as one destitute of merit. It is a claim
for gallant services which Congress has often re-
warded, and rewarded with commendable liberal-
ity. This is an act of gallantry of which the
country has always been proud. It placed a
wreath of laurel upon the brow of this individual,
and gave him a reputation seldom surpassed. I
regret that there should be any proof laid before
Congress that this vessel could have been taken
out of that port and brought to a port of the United
States; for, in my judgment, it detracts most ma-
terially from the value of the service, because it
underrates the hazards which belonged to it. The
vessel was destroyed, and properly destroyed.
The only difficulty I have ever had was the
distributing; of this fund. Mrs. Decatur caTne
here to claim the whole for herself in the outset.
With that I was not satisfied. Yet I would have
been glad to have been liberal to her. It was rep-
resented then, as now, that she was obliged to sell
the trophies of her husband, and dispose of the
plate which had been given him as a testimonial
of his gallantry, in order to sustain and support
herself. I was willing and desirous to vote a lib-
eral sum, but I was not quite willing that one in-
dividual- should take the whole prize. Others
were concerned in it, and were equally entitled to
their share of credit in the enterprise which was
achieved.
Now, this bill proposes to distribute it under
the prize act. That has been the rule followed in
all cases. In the case of the Guerriere, captured
by the Constitution, you gave fifty thousand dol-
lars, and distributed it under the prize act. When
other ships were captured, like.sums, and in some
instances larger, were given to be distributed
among the officers and crew of the capturing ves-
sel. With that general rule, which was deemed
to be equitable under the general law, I, for one,
was satisfied. I am satisfied now to have it ap-
plied to this case. But then what does Mrs. De-
catur get? I have the table before me, and she
will get under this distribution ten thousand dol-
lars. If she is poor, as l.believe she is, I, for one,
am not willing to divide that sum of money, and
therefore I am not willing to vote for the amend-
ment proposed. When saying this, I do not in-
tend to call in question the great respectability of
the individuals who set up this claim. They are
people of great respectability, but I do hold that
when Commodore Decatur, as one of the last acts
of his life, and in expectation that the fatal went
might occur which did occur, put his pen to the
paper and made a will, it was his real intention
and purpose. If that intention and purpose was
that his widow should have the disposition of this
fund, and that it should be left to her judgment
and discretion to bestow it upon A or B or any
other individual, if that is his will, it is my will.
I will carry out his wishes upon that subject. He
was entitled to this money, and I would consider
it as his estate, and have it descend in the way he
pointed out.
Mr. HALE. Before the Senate loses siaht en-
tirely of this question about the distribution of the
money, I want to call them back to the original
question, which has not been met. I want to ctdl
their attention to an historical fact about this,
which I think will be authenticated by reference
to the history of Congressional debates, and that
is, that this claim was prosecuted many vears be-
fore Congress and finally failed, did not become a
law, and then after the friends of Mrs. Decatur
had made repeated attempts to do this, that famous
act was passed, which dissipated the naval fund
and violated the faith of the nation by squandering
that fund. I think I am not mistaken, but that
the history of the Congressional debates will show.
that the squandering of that fund grew out of the
repeated failures to pass this bill, and, when thus
squandered and the faith pf the nation violated,
that the widow of Commodore Decatur received
quite as much from that as she would have done
if this bill had passed, and I believe she is receiv-
ing to this day the pension bestowed at the time
of the passage of that act. 1 think the amount
received by these widows was something like
$20,000 apiece. But I can assure the Senate, if
they pass this bill, it will open a tremendously
wide door for claims of a similar character.
But the ground upon which the Senator from
Florida puts it, is, that they did not make a prize,
but they were sent to burn the vessel. That was
the order of Commodore Preble, so the chairman
of the committee stated. Well, they did burn it,
and we are now called upon to give them, not what
they were entitled to for gallantly performing their
duty, but to pay them for what they might have
got if they had disobeyed the orders of the com- ,
mander. That is it, and nothing but that, and
upon that ground I hope the Senate will be slow
to pass the bill.
It will be a great breaking up of the harmony of
the family to introduce this fund for them to quar-
rel about. .1 hope we will stop and not give this
largess, about which a quarrel will take place.
Mr. BERRIEN. If the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] had been in his place
when the chairman of" the Committee on ^Naval
Affairs recited the various instances in which al-
lowances had been made which did not come
within the letter of the law, I think he would not
have repeated the suggestions he has made. The
question before the Senate is on the amendment,
and I desire to offer an answer to the suggestion
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
on that point. It is that Commodore Decatur, by
giving the whole of his property to his wife, in
confidence that she would make an appropriation
adequate to his wishes for his nieces, nas left them
in a situation in which they have nothing to rely
upon for the fulfillment by the widow of Commo-
dore Decatur of that trust.
Now, so far as regards the property of Commo-
dore Decatur, I have admitted that that was their
condition; but I say that this was never the prop-
erty of Commodore Decatur; that it never passed
by his will; that he could not have devised it; that
it was a mere impossibility, to result from an
equitable allowance to be made thereafter by Con-
fress; that it was left untouched, unaffected by
is will; and that while the nieces of Commodore
Decatur had no other reliance than upon the dis-
position of Mrs. Decatur to fulfill his wishes with
respect to the property left by her husband, as re-
lates to this claim, their allowance rests not upon
Mrs. Decatur, but upon the equity and justice of
a Congress of the United States. I say again, if
this were a legal claim, and if it were a claim
which could be disposed of by the will of Com-
modore Decatur, the Congress of the United States
would stand in the position that the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs supposes them to
occupy. But this is ft fund to be given by the
