1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
31st Cong.....2d Sess. Lieutenant General—Messrs. Douglas and Davis of Miss.
Senate.
far object to accomplish—why he should think it
necessary, on an occasion like this, to make a vain
rhetorical exhibition—I cannot exactly understand.
At any rate, if I should eventually vote for this
proposition, I am glad that the declaration which
lias just been made l>y the Senatorfrom New York
will relieve me from all suspicion of sanctioning
any such idea as that General Scott was persecuted
by the Administration of Mr. Polk, or by anybody
else. I conceive that nothing could be more in- .
delicate or discreditable to us than to enter at all at
this time, and under existing circumstances, into
an examination of those unhappy feuds which
•sprung up between himself and other military com-
manders of great worth during the late war with
Mexico, ana the memory of which, for one, I
would gladly lose forever. If I should support |
this proposition, I shall do so because I consider
the distinguished gentleman alluded to worthy of
the compliment designed by it to be bestowed upon ,
him, and because I am not willing, by negativing
it, to mortify the sensibilities of a high-toned
American.
We have a precedent for this. We know that
'General Washington was made lieutenant general
for the purpose of conducting the war against
France at one time anticipated; and thus does it
appear that the wise men of another generation
considered that the establishment of an office of
this grade might become expedient. It chanced
that the expected war did not occur, and the of-
fice was abolished; but I have yet to hear this part
of our national legislation called into question.
Since that period we have become a great people;
we have multiplied in our resources beyond any
other instance in history; for the purposes of a just,
and necessary national defence against foes, either
foreign or domestic, our Army and our Navy have
both Deen greatly strengthened and extended; and
I can see no impropriety whatever in introducing
into both these branches of the public service those
official grades known to all the other civilized na-
tions of the earth. Although we are now happily
at peace with all nations, no one knows how long
this condition of things is to continue. Our rela-
tions with other Powers are so extended, and the
points of possible collision in future so multiplied
ef late years, that I fear it would hardly be reason-
able to calculate upon a continuance of peace for a
freat many years in succession. If war were to
reak out to-morrow, I do not doubt that the ap-
pointment of a lieutenant general would be neces-
sary; and it is oply acting out the counsels of the
Father of his Country, in time of peace to prepare
for war.
While upon this subject, I would say that I
happen to be one of those unfortunate Democrats
who never did approve of the proposition during
the Administration of Mr. Polk to create a lieu-
tenant general. This was one of the few measures
of that truly wise, patriotic, and brilliant Admin- !
istration to which I could not give my assent. I
had, perhaps, some peculiar personal reasons 1
which operated more or less upon my mind, and 1
at the same time I conceived it to be impolitic
upon high public grounds. I have seen no reason
to change my views upon this subject; on the con-
trary, subsequent events have decidedly confirmed
them. I believed then that the appointment of)
a lieutenant general—especially the appointment j
of an individual to the place of lieutenant general !i
who did not belong to the Army at all, above tht j
major generals then in actual command, officera'
of high grade and distinguished services—would
have had a most disastrous effect upon the whole
army, and upon the pending war with Mexico. I .
am of opinion that the triumphs which were after-
wards achieved in Mexico would not have been
heard of had that particular measure been con-
summated. Being then in private life, I did not, '
of course, make any very marked opposition to it;
but those who conversed with me on the subject
then, know that I entertained very decided views '
in opposition to the whole scheme. I will add, 1
sir,-that I am not a little at a loss to understand I
how it is that gentlemen who were at that time
willing to create a lieutenant general, under cir- ;
cumstances so inauspicious, and when it was i
confidently expected tnat an individual would be 1
appointed to the place who did not belong; to the
American army at all, and whose appointment
would in all possibility have been fatal to the
whole plan of military operations in Mexico, can
now hesitate to give their sanction to the proposi-
tion before us, which is, in every point of view,
as I consider, so much less objectionable. I do
not wish to suggest any inconsistency at all, but I
should be pleased to hear this delicate point a little
explained. I must be permitted, without any inten-
tional discourtesy, to enter a formal protest against
what has been said by the Senator from New
York in reference to the late Secretary of War,
(Mr. Marcy,)—the matter which he has thought
proper to bring to.our notice. I have never un-
derstood that such relations of political affinity
and confidence existed between that Senator and
Governor Marcy as to authorize him to put him-
self forward for the purpose of shielding him from
imputation. I had understood, indeed, that very
different relations existed between them as public
men, and such as rendered it preeminently unbe-
coming in the Senator from New York to become
upon this floor the vindicator or eulogist of that
illustrious and truly meritorious personage.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote for this resolu-
.tion as it is, provided it be not amended, although
it is not in the shape in which I would prefer seeing
it. I am very willing and anxious to see the mark
of approbation that would be implied in conferring
the grade of lieutenant general upon General Scott.
I take it for granted that is the-object of the reso-
lution. With regard to his distinguished services
in the late war, I apprehend there is no diversity
of opinion among the people of this country. I
would have preferred, however, to have seen this
proposition put in a shape which, in my opinion,
would have been more consistent with the organi-
zation of the Army, with reference to what may
Occur in the future.
I think that the highest grade of the Army of
the United States should Be vacant always in time
of peace, to be filled when war should occur, by a
commission to expire at the conclusion of the war.
My reason-for that opinion is this: Promotions
are made in the United States Army generally by
seniority, and it may frequently occur in the fu-
ture that when a war breaks out the person hold-
ing the highest grade in the Army will not physi-
cally, from age, be able to perform active duties
in the field. I think, that whenever a war occurs,
the President of the Udlted States should be at lib-
erty to look through the whole line of the Army,
and through the whole line of the citizen soldiery,
to select a Commander-in-Chief to conduct that
war. I would, therefore, like to see the office of
a lieutenant general created, to be filled when a
war arises, and to become vacant when peace
should be concluded. When the President fills
that office with reference to active services in the
field, he may take the man in the United States
best calculated to perform the duties of the office.
Combining this object, therefore, with the one to
Cthis compliment to General Scott, I was in
^ es that the Committee on Military Affairs
would have provided for the creation of the office
of lieutenant general, with a provision that it might
now be filled, but when it should become vacant
by death, resignation, or from other causes, it
should remain vacant until a war should occur,
and then it should be filled during the war, and
again become vacant at the conclusion of the war,
and so continue throughout our whole history.
This would have accomplished the two objects.
It would have done justice to General Scott; and
the compliment to him would have been greater
than it will be under this provision, because when
you provide that it may be filled once in time of
peace, and filled only by oneman, forever thereafter
to be vacant, unless war exists, the compliment
you pay him is much greater than it would be to
pass a resolution in general terms providing that
the President of the United States si«n be at lib-
erty to select from the ..whole Army, and those,
who may have retired from the Army, or who
have distinguished themselves in the volunteer ser-
vice, an individual to fill the office.
I make these suggestions with great diffidence.
I am not a member of the Military Committee; I
am not a military man; I make no pretensions to
any knowledge of the service in detail that would
authorize me to bring forward any proposition.
But these views have occurred to me as being
proper; and if the proposition should be put in the
shape I have suggested, perhaps it would be less
objectionable as a precedent, while the compliment
to General Scott would be very much enhanced.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sorry that
the manner in which the debate on this resolution
has been conducted has diverted the attention of
the Senate from the subject of the resolution to
personal considerations. The Senator from Illi-
nois, however, has spoken somewhat to the merits
of the resolution; and the two main arguments
which he has presented constitute, I think, two
objections to it. He first argues that the resolu-
tion is a proposition to pay a compliment to an
individual. Have we come to this? Are offices
to be created as rewards to individuals to gratify
their just pride, if you please, following the sys-
tem of orders, stars, and garters given by mon-
archs? His argument was, that a grade should
be created above the ordinary officers of the army,
to be filled in time of war by the selection of the
President, from the whole country at large; that
is, that the President, when war breaks out, may
hunt through the land for some favorite on whom
to confer the chief command, and thus bring shame
on the brow of every war-worn soldier of his
country. That is the proposition of the Senator,
and is the probable effect of the resolution. It is
proposed to create an additional grade in the army,
and to authorize the President to fill it by brevet
only, conferred for meritorious services. When
a war breaks out the President will appoint, by
regular commission, to the grade created but left
vacant, whomsoever he may prefer. These are
some of the objections that stand in the foreground,
and I expected them to be noticed as stich. For
myself, I should have preferred to say nothing on
the resolution; but I could not hear in silence this
policy brought forward as an argument in favor
of the resolution. '
Mr. President, among other considerations
which have been adduced, this matter has been
treated as a ftersonal compliment. The resolution
certainly points to no one. Yet it has been treated
as applying to a particular general. We have
heard the argument that there should be indemnity
for wrong done by our late distinguished Presi-
dent, Mr. Polk. We have had a parallel run
which would place this general above all other
generals, the Father of his country included. The
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] points to
the services of General Scott as unparalleled in
military history. He means then, not only the
history of our own, but the history of all other
times. It is enough for me that his language in-
cludes Washington. The Senatorfrom Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] calls him " the conqueror of Mexico.
This is a little more than questionable for whom-
soever claimed, and these are comparisons which
I had hoped would never have been made in the
Senate. This is not the place for military criti-
cism, and I do not intend to attempt it. But I can-
not forbear on this occasion to ask whether he who
beat the regular armies of Mexico, and disorgan-
ized her military power, has more or less claim on
the page of history to the title of " the conqueror
of Mexico," than he who met the fragment of a
beaten army, united to newly-levied peons, and
led by a chief who had been stripped of his mili-
tary prestige by recent defeat.
After these remarks, and claiming to myself a
proper and entire willingness to do honor to the
very distinguished soldier whose name has been
drawn into this debate, I choose to notice the
resolution as a distinct thing, as a matter of legis-
lation. We have, throughout our whole military
history, had a system of offices the reverse of that
of Great Britain. We have had a system of pro-
motion by seniority—a promotion to every grade,
up to the grade of colonel, strictly by seniority,
and above that by selection, but always by regular
commission.' The brevet system has grown upon
our service until it has produced such confusion in
the Army that many of its best soldiers wish it
could now be obliterated. This resolution is ex-
actly adverse to the whole system we have here-
tofore observed. It creates an office to be gained
by promotion to a brevet only. It is the British
system for their generals. In the Army of the
United States there is a class—by no means a
small one—that have contended for the British
system, and desired to see commissions in the line
limited to the grade of colonel, and all the gener-
als to hold by brevet. This resolution is in strict
