15;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Lieutenant General—Messrs. Douglas, Foote, fyc..
[Feb. 12,
Senate.
keeping with the opinions of that section of the
Army.
You, Mr. President, recollect the conflict which
arose in the Army about the time of the death of
Major General Brown, and which it is believed
drove tfie then President to pass over the next in
rank in the line of the Army, and to select another ■
officer as Commander-in-Chief. From that day
to this, this brevet conflict has continued in the
army. Now we are about to change ou* system.
We are about to establish an office to be held by
brevet only, and thus far to abandon the rule
of commissions in the line. This I hold to be a
radical objection to it. If an additional grade is
wanted in our Army for any purpose, create
a grade; give the commission according to the
established law and usage: and let the officers
be brevetted to that as to other grades in the Army
of the United States. But if this system of pro-
moting by brevet only be adopted, then the idea
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] ob-
tains. Thus, suppose some one to be appointed
to the grade of lieutenant general by original'
commission, and the question of brevet rank
against a junior linear commission is raised be-
tween two lieutenant generals, one holding by bre-
vet only as the reward for service, and the other
by appointment without service: here there would
be a conflict between the two highest officers com-
manding the troops; the question would be pre-
sented which has been debated for thirty years;
and who would have the power then and there to
decide it—from day to day to determine whether
the casus existed in which brevet rank takes effect?
This office of lieutenant general is not new to
our history. In 1798, in view of hostilities with
France, it was conferred on General Washington
by Congress. But as soon as the cloud which
threatened war had passed away, the commission
was returned to Congress, and the act of the next
year (1799) abolished it in these woi'ds:
'' Sec. 9. That a commander of the army of tbp United
States shall be appointed and eomiiiiinioned by the style of
■ General of the armies of the United States;' and the pres-
ent office and title of Lieutenant General shall the reafter be
abolished.
Approved, March 3, 1799.''
It was abolished by law in 1799, but the rank i
of general remained. But by the present organi- '
zatior. the grade of general was discontinued, and
from thenceforward we have had nothing higher
than a major-general. I do not agree entirely with ,
those who say that because our Army has achieved I
glorious deeds under its present organization, it
would never be proper to-create additional grades.
I cannot deny to our Army those grades which
should give our officers, when, in the exchange of
official courtesies, they meet officers of foreign
services, equal rank. I sympathize with the feel-
ings of a soldier in the value he attaches to a title
under such circumstances. But I hold thatoursys-
tem would be better adhered to, and the object more
perfectly attained, if we create the grade offull gen-
eral than by that of lieutenant-general; and that it
is entirely subverted when we authorize promotion
to that grade by brevet only, instead of by linear
commission. If the object is to confer' honor,
our modes are many—the thanks of Congress,
swords by Congress, medals by Congress. Tbese
are the honors which have heretofore been con-
ferred upon American soldiers, and convey unmis-
takable compliment. I think pride should be sat-
isfied with these, and if vanity craves more it
should not be granted.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
says, naming a particular officer, that lie has re-
ceived no brevet. Why? Because he had the
highest commission in the Army. How could he
be brevetted after having reached the highest grade
known to our service5 Did we brevet General
Patterson, or General Butler, or General Twiggs
for service in the southern column ? Did we brevet
General Worth, who landed at Vera Cruz with
the landing of our Army, and fought thence to the
city of Mexico, and who came from the field of
Molino del Rey, the object of wonder, because he
came unscarreu ? Did he rPceive a brevet for all his
achievements upon the southern line ? No, because
by previous brevets he had reached the highest
Srade. Did Q,uitman, our own gallant Quitman,
who carried the first gate of the city of Mexico,
leceive for that a brevet? No, because he was a
major-general. There are other instances.
I am pleased that the resolution does not restrict
the honor to one officer, as this debate has indi-
cated. And if the power be given to the President
to confer this grade by brevet, would he not con-
fer it upon every major general similarly situated,
and alike distinguished for his gallantry, until
brevets of lieutenant general would become as
cheap as are brevets of major general now? And
when you create the grade, and fill it by brevet,
every officer who, in the grade of major general,
distinguished himself in battle, is entitled to dis-
tinction by the brevet until you abandon your sys-
tem.
These, Mr. President, are some of the main
considerations which determined me in the begin-
ning to vote against this resolution. I was quite
willing, if any mode had been adopted which was
consonant with our military system, to create an
additional grade in the army; but I could not
abandon what had been the practice of so many
years, and which, Ibelieve, every year has shown
us more and more to be the wisest practice of the
United States—I mean of adhering to commissions
in the line against brevets.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to make a word of
explanation. In the remark I made a little while
ago, I did not wish to be understood that I would
make this an office by brevet if I could have my
own proposition, that I suggested, carried out; but
I would create an additional grade in the line of the
Army—that of lieutenant general—to be filled in
time of war, and then remain vacant in time of
peace. This brevet system is no favorite, with
me. My remark was, that I was in favor of an
additional rank in the line of the Army, to remain
vacant in time of peace, but to be filled in time of
war. But, as I said, I am no military man, and
therefore will not bring forward any proposition
in relation to the subject.
Mr. FOOTE. I am not willing to be misun-
derstood about this matter. It is well known that
this proposition did not originate with me. I am
no military man. I do not profess to be acquaint-
ed particularly with military concerns. I am not
so specially acquainted with all the achievements
performed by our officers in the late war with
Mexico as to be able to institute a comparison,
either favorable or unfavorable, between any of
these personages—at lea«, none that could be
implicitly relied on. Were I compelled to dis-
criminate, though, it is probable I might be con-
strained to recognize General Scott, as upon the
whole, preeminently superior to any one who did
command in Mexico. Certainly, my mind is not
without some impression of this kind. That the
civilized world does now recognize him as the
conqueror of Mexico, I hold to be as true as that
the sun shines in the firmament; and I feel toler-
ably certain that all posterity will award to him
the chief glory of that war. To be sure, this
judgment of mine is, after all, but a poor one; but
still, it is my judgment, if I may thus entitle it;
, and having been quite dispassionately adopted,
1 and not at all under the influence of political par-
tiality, it is altogether likely that I shall adhere to
it, until I shall, in some way, obtain sounder
| views upon the subject.
1 said I did not originate this proposition. I
should have considered it rashness and presump-
tion in me to have originated any such proposi-
tion. I understand it had its origin with the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clemf.ns,]
' whom I «ra proud to recognize as my friend, who
is not here among us this morning, and who, I
fear, is detained from his seat by indisposition.
It originated thus, sir, with one who is alike dis-
tinguished as a military man and as a statesman
of enlarged and liberal views. It originated with
one who is a man of genius and a man of accom-
plishments,*and a true-hearted American—who
loves his country more than party or section, and
who is wholly incapable of bringing forward this
or any other proposition for the attainment of any
illicit or unworthy purpose. In supporting this
much-denounced resolution, I was following the
lead ot my worthy and trusted friend, at the same
time that I was not a little confirmed in my inclina-
tion to do so by the examnle and counsels of my
excellent friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] who
is also alike versed in military and civic concerns,
and who, I may say, is alike crowned with mili-
tary and civic honors. Having two such leaders
J to follow, I can walk with a little more boldness
than I should perhaps feel without this invigorat-
ing guidance.
I support this proposition because it will lead to
the rendition of a just and merited honor, not to
a persecuted officer, but to a most distinguished
general. I placed it on that ground in my reply to
the Senator from New York, who, I thought, un-
dertook to suggest the persecution just alluded to,
but v \o promptly disclaimed any intention of do-
ing so when I complained of his having done so.
Had this measure been urged upon us as recom-
pense for sufferings imposed unjustly by the ad-
ministration of Mr. Polk, I should have been
compelled to vote against it; but as it is not the case
at present, I confess that I take particular pleasure
in supporting it, because in doing so I feel that I
am doing simple justice to a meritorious officer,
whose political opinions and my own are so oppo-
site that the most illiberal of my adversaries will
despair of fixing upon me the suspicion of having
yielded to mere party predilection. I feel particu-
larly gratified that I have it in my power, as the
representative here of a generous, a valiant, and.
truly patriotic constituency, in showing to them
and to the world that, on an occasion like this, I
can rise above all party feelings of the moment,
and all prejudice, however engendered, and give
my sanction to a proposition brought forward un-
der such high and generous auspices, and which
involves so deeply, in different ways, the rendition
of justice to an individual whose merits as a mili-
tary man are so conspicuous in the eye of the world
as those of General Winfield Scott.
If this were a proposition to confer the " order
of the garter," or any title of nobility upon an
American citizen, those who know me best know
that none would scorn such a proposition more in-
dignantly than myself. I have heretofore voted
in support of any proposition intended to do honor
to the valor displayed by our fellow-citizens in the
l_Mexican war. I would not -sote at any time in
| order to pamper vanity or to gratify pride. I have
i no thought of anything of that sort. Nor do I
believe that the vanity of nnv particular person is
1 ii tei ded to be gratified by the adoption of this
; resolution. It is simply intended to declare in a
1 formal and imposing manner the nation's gratitude
for high national services. This at least is my
understanding of the matter; and this understand-
ing is likely to continue until some developments
are made which I do not regard at present as even
possible.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I made a
pledge, when I asked permission to call up this
resolution, that I would abstain from making a
speech, and I mean to keep that pledge religious-
ly. My object is to get a vote upon 'his proposi-
tion, an(J save the consumption of time. But if
gentlemen choose to discuss it further, I am will-
ing to postpone it and make it a special order for
some other day; and then I will enter into a dis-
cussion and try to defend the proposition.
Several Senators. Oh, no1 Let us finish it to-
day.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Smator make
any proposition ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I find there is a disposition
to end the matter, and I concur in it. I hope the
discussion will cease.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. My colleague,
#who has just addressed the Senate, endeavors to
give the history of this resolution, and with that
he shows himself about as familiar, I imagine, as
he was in some other history to which he re-
ferred .
Mr. FOOTE. I would say to my colleague that
I called upon the honorable Sen stor from Illinois,
who stated that my friend from Alabama original-
ly introduced the resolution. I called upon an-
other member of the Military Committee, who in-
formed me that the history which I gave was
correct.
Mr. DAVIS. It would have been quite an easy
matter, if he had read one of the documents lying
upon his desk, to have found that the resolution
introduced by the Senator f.om Alabama, r.t the
last session, was referred to a board of military
officers, and was reported upon. He would k ive
found that the Senator from Alabama, who intro-
duced the resolution, referred it to the Committee
on Military Affairs, who reported a resol>r;op.
