I8S1]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
158
31st Costs 2d Sess.
Lieutenant General—Messrt. Foote, Davis of Miss., fyc.
Senate.
wfcwfc was vent to tb« board of officers, and upon
ibnr mod the KKdalion now under considera-
tion   Nwd
Mr POOTE. Bo I understood.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator so understood it,
te statement did not lead anybody to know what
be understood.
Then the Senator adds that the whole .world
give* to General Scott the character of preemi-
nence for frat* performed in the Mexican war.
Who is "the whole world." Is it the leading
members of the Senate' 1 am not one of those
who constitute the whole world? And who has a
right to speak for the whole world5 Now, sir, 1
hold that the whole world entertain no such opin-
ion. That a man may conscientiously entertain
different opinions upon this subject; that soldiers
do entertain different opinions upon this subject—
and I do not speak for those who for a day or a
year may hare been in service, but of those whose
profession it is—I do not deny; but I do not per-
ceive, unless the Senator has some authority which
he has not presented, how he has assumed that
the whole world entertain the opinions which he
entertains.
Nor do I find in anything which I said (and he
seemed very much to refer to it) a justification for
his informing us that he was influenced by no pre-
judice. There was no accusation of that sort
against any one; or, if there was, I did not make
it. I supposed no prejudice on the part of any
one—do fear, favor, or malice. I made no such
intimation, beyond the very brief reply to the re-
marks which had been made bv others. I ad-
dressed myself to what I believerf to he the merits
of the resolution, and upon that I have uot been
answered. As a military question—a question for
military criticism—I distinctly stated that I did not
consider this a proper place, and I would not en-
gage in it. I adhere to my determination. Myself
ana the other members of the Military Committee
who entertain different opinions in relation to this
resolution, in leaving it to the Senate, I believe I
may say, understood each other that its merits
alone would be considered, and that we were not
to engage in any personal controversy as to the
merits of individuals. Such has been my course.
Mr. SHIELDS, (interposing.) If the Senator
will permit me, I will remark that I regret as much
as any Senator on this floor, that any comparison
has been drawn between these two great and dis-
tinguished American generals. I tlunk it is inju-
rious to the reputation of both—to the reputation
of the dead, and to the reputation of the living—
and I am very sorry that any gentleman on the
floor has done h. Certain it is, I have not done it.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President 
Sir. POOTE. I hope to be heard in this mat-
ter a moment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I bare not sur-
rendered the floor. I only gave way for explana-
tion to the Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Some twenty-seven years of in-
timate relation with the present commanding gen-
eral of the Army perhaps renders it proper for me
to say on this occasion, lest he should take the
interpretation of other* for my real intent, that I
seek not to deprive him of any military honors
which any man on earth can confer upon him.
Few men, perhaps, have spoken more frequently
and more highly of his military attainments than
myself, because, I imagine, few have estimated
them as highly as I. I have had some opportu-
nity to know him, and have some cause to rememr
ber him kindly. Such our relations have always
been. That I might have syne objection to par-
ticular acts of his is not involved in the general
remarks which I make. I choose thus, however,
deliberately to guard myself against any misin-
terpretation by him, in supposing that I would
wish to deprive him of any military honors which
others would confer upon him, so far as I believe
they may be properly conferred. Believing thin to
be a departure from our Army system—believing
it to be an injurious departure—I resisted the res-
olution; and yet it is known to other gentlemen in
this Chamber, that I said I would not object to a
proposition to create a grade of full general of the
Army, with the foreknowledge that it would be con-
ferred upon him to whom you now propone to give
a lower grade of lieutenant general by brevet. So I
far, then, as I am concerned, I at least have not
sought to withhold !he full measure of promotion
from him who is now so worthily the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army of the United Ftates. It is
lftiown to other members of the Senate thnt I con-
sider this title as objectionable for many reasons, •
and, among others, because 1 do not consider it
as corresponding with the organisation which at-
tains in regiments and companies; while the grade
of general, above that of major general and briga-
dier general, trouJd so correspond, and give us an
equal number of generals with the British service.
1 have thought it proper, lest there should be
any misconstruction when I wish to be understood,
to say this much. As to my constituents, (my
colleague refers to them,) 1 presume they care
very little whether I vote upon oneside or the other
upon this question. I have no idea that there is
a man in the State of which I am a representative
who would ever think of questioning me, and con-
sidering me as responsible to my constituents for
the vote I give upon this question. They main-
tain opinions on one side or the other, 1 have no
doubt; but I cannot conceive of any responsibility
devolving upon ms in the vote I am about to give,
nor would I have thought of it if my vote was to
be the very reverse of what it will be.
Mr. FOOTE. I have been so pointedly referred
to by the gentleman who has just taken his sent,
that'l will be excused for malting a very few re-
marks in response. My colleague seemli to think
that I have misunderstood the history of this mat-
ter as much as I have misunderstood the history
of other matters of somewhat higher importance.
That is his opinion. It is certainly entitled to a
great deal of respect on the ground of authority;
but, inasmuch as he has not made it good by any-
thing like a decent or plausible showing of facts,
I hope that it will be ht my power yet to stand up,
firmly and calmly, and maintain each position
which I have heretofore assumed, without being
entirely overborne or paralyzed by any opposition
or oppugnation, either reasonable or unreasonable,
which it may be my fate to encounter.
Mr. DAVlS, of Mississippi. I wish to ask my
colleague one question: Will he let the notes of the
reporters stand as they have taken them ?
Mr. FOOTE 1 am very much in the habit, I know, •
of followingthe reporters* notes and correcting any
mistakes into which they may have fallen, in con-
sequence of a rather indistinct enunciation 0n my
part, and other causes unnecessary to be specified.
Perhaps I shall do so on this occasion. But I am
sure that 1 shall not cause any part of the debate
to be so marred and mangled by alterations of
anything said by me as to do injustice to any hu-
man being. Of this, sir, I am incapable, however
others may misjudge me on the subject.
As I was proceeding to say, my colleague's
opinion has been expressed, but I think he has ,
made nothing like a plausible showing in support
of it on the present occasion. I therefore expect
confidently to be able to stem the tide of his elo-
quence, and to bear up even against the influ-
ence of his name and character, both here and
elsewhere, in connection with the matters at pres-
ent in controversy between us. Atany rate, I am
willing, as I said before, to risk the consequences
before my own constituents and the country.
As to responsibility to my constituents, which
has been so pointedly referred to, there is nothing
in my past history which, as a reasonable man, 1
could seriously lament. I have been charged some-
times (I remember and with no little pride) with
risking myself a little too much in certain locali-
ties upon great national questions involving the
welfare of the Republic. I have been «ven charged
by some who have not been much in^ned to do
me justice, and whose favorable estimation of me
as a public man I should regard as deeply dishon-
oring, with misrepresenting the known opinions
of my constituents. I believe nobody has found
me quailing yet under this accusation, grave as it
is in its character; and I think that I have not yet
evinced any want of that firmness of mind, and
that self-collectedness of demeanor, without which
the occupant of a seat here is but a worthless and
contemptible creature. The allusions, therefore,
of the honorable gentleman to me, in the high
public capacity in which I am now acting, have
fallen as harmlessly at my feet as have certain
other missiles hurled at me this morning from th*
same bow. I gave the history of this resolution
as furnished me by the honorable Senator from
Illinois. I said that I understood the proposition
uow before us to have originated with my friend
from Alabama, not now in his seat; and such is
the fact, and even the statement of my colleague
himself supports me in this position. I am in-
different as to the precise routine through which the
resolution may have been fated to travel since its
origination; but the main and only material fact of
the case has been correctly stated, for the Senator
from Alabama is entitled to claim the paternity of
this movement. I never saw the resolution my-
self, either in print or in writing, before this morn-
ing; but I understood from the Senator from Al-
abama that it was simply or at least mainly a
complimentary one, when, about the period ofits
inception, he did me the honor of coming tome to
request my support of it. I have been informed
this morning that in its original form it provided
for the bestowal of a large additional recompense
for General Scott. I do not think, as at present
advised, I could have given it my support in that
form, without some special reasons, which I have
not yet heard assigned.
Tnere has been some complaint here, sir, that
invidious comparisons have been instituted be-
tween General Scott and other military gentlemen.
Well, sir, I have instituted none, I am sure. I
had rend Shakspeare to but little purpose had I
not learned from the famous Dogberrv that "com-
parisons are odorous;" and I hope that I indulge
m them as seldom as any gentleman here. 1 re-
r>at thnt I have instituted no comparison whatever.
have attempted to throw no discredit upon any
military man, whether dead or living. I have not
aimed to diminish the glory of any of our brav#
and patriotic fellow-citizens who fought and bled
for their country upon the plains of Mexico. And
yet, though certainly s#mewhat less fitted than
others whom I could name, for the task of dis-
criminating between the merits of military men,
and of exhibiting, in glowing phraseology, the
deeds of high emprise which have immortalized,
at different periods, our gallant soldiery—though 1
have no personal experience whatever of a kind
which could qualify me to speak with confidence
upon such a subject, yet is it notwithstanding true
that I deem it my undoubted right, in my,own
feeble way, to form and to express such opinions
as I may chance to entertain touching those strug-
gles in arms which may have been brought to my
notice in some authentic manner. Having thus
premised, I am not fearful of being misunderstood
or censured when I say, that though I feci the
most profound respect, the deepest gratitude to-
wards all, whether officers or common soldiers,
who fought and conquered at Palo Alto, Resacn.
de la Palma, Monterey, and Buena Vista, yet I
feel equal respect and gratitude for those who
fought and were victorious in other battles,under
the command of General Scott; and though it has
been said that it was doing General Scott more
than justice to style him the conqueror of Mexico,
yet I think him fairly entitled to the appellation,
because it was he who, after fighting gloriously
from Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico, took pos-
session of the capital of the enemy, and reduced
the whole country to submission. We had fought
many noble battles before this; but the conquest
of Mexico, so far from being consummated, was
not even approximated, and at the period of the
landing of our army at Vera Cruz the prospect of
the ftiture was acknowledged by all to be most
dark and portentous. This, at least, is my view
of the matter, and bo thinking I did not hesitate so
to express myself; and I ventured to say, in addi-
tion, that the-civilized world had recognized Gen-
eral Scott as the conqueror of Mexico in a manner
not to be doubted.
My colleague seems to think that I am not es.
pecially authorized to Rpcak for all the world
on this subject. And it is true that I have no
especial authority .to speak for anybody but my-
self; but, being in the world, and being a tolerable
close observer of what is going on around me—
being able, in addition, to read the public, gazettes
i of either hemisphere—I could scarcely avoid form-
ing an opinion in regard to the judgment of per-
sons qualified to estimate such matters, totalling
the achievements of those public personages in this
