164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 12,
3 1st Cong 2d Sess.
Lieutenant General—Messrs. Davis of Miss., Foote, fyc.
Senate.
country who hare acquired distinction either in
civil life or upon the field of battle. One thing I
am sure is certain: that I stated honestly the con-
clusion to which my own mind had attained in
regard to the general judgment of the world on
this interesting subject; and, having had no reason
to alter my opinion on this point, I expect to retain.
it permanently.
1 will now add, that but for the fact that a sug-
gestion was made, as I thought, rather calculated
(whether so intended or not, and I did not directly
charge that it was so intended) to reflect upon the
military character of General Scott, by calling in
question his title to be recognized as the conqueror
of Mexico, I should not have said a single word
«pon the point.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. By whom was
the suggestion made ?
Mr. FOOTE. The suggestion was not made
by me, and it is wholly unnecessary for me to say
in this presence by whom it was made. I am not
to be held responsiblefor any comparison which has
been instituted between General Scott jand other
officers in Mexico. I have said nothing in deprecia-
tion of anybody. I am not in a position to have
any feelings whatever of jealousy or prejudice. I
never had any such feelings. I have done full jus-
tice to all, both rank and file, general officers and
Erivate soldiers, wherever and whenever I have
ad an opportunity of doing so, and am delighted
at being able thus to acquit myself of all suspicion
even of intentional disparagement of any of them.
The Senator spoke in terms of " leading Sena-
tors," and pointed very significantly towards my-
self. "What did he mean by this ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Does the Sena-
tor want to know ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have to
interfere, as the discussion has gone on in relation
to the merits of individual officers. The Chair
has with some degree of pain witnessed the course
this discussion has taken. The resolution is gen-
eral. Instead of debating the resolution which
was presented to the Senate, Senators have
branched off into a discussion of the merits of par-
ticular officers, which certainly is not in conformity
with strict rule. The Chair hopes that Senators
will limit themselves as far as practicable to the
discussion of the resolution under coQsideration.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no feeling which would
induce me to say or do anything unparliamentary.
1 had nearly done, at any rate. I understood that
I was referred to as a " leading Senator." I may
be mistaken; but I thought I was so referred to,
and rather aneeringly, too. I thought it consistent
with my rights here, and that it would not be at
all improper for me to notice, in a particular man-
ner, words and gestures which' must have struck
ethers as well as myself as being specially de-
signed to provoke notice. What I was about to
■ay was, in my judgment, stricly parliamentary.
I will simply now say, after the admonition re-
ceived from the Chair, that I pretend not to be the
leader of any man, and less of my colleague than of
any other man. We differ constantly on thegreat
questions of the day. I am sorry that it is so. He
will allow n e to say, that not only does he not lead
me, but, with all courtesy, I am prepared to say
that I very seldom feel in the least degree inclined
to follow his lead. Neither do I set myself up for
a leader. On the whole, I think>we may recog-
nize- ourselves as pares in this Chamber. There is
only one case in which 1 could cheerfully recog-
nize him as entitled to lead me, and that is easily
enough stated. Upon the battle-field, in defence
of the honor of our common country, I would de-
light in being either led or commanded by my
distinguished colleague, or by some other individ-
ual equally qualified to direct the operations of
an army; and, under such circumstances, I should,
I trust, be more than willing to serve as a mere
private soldier, submitting cheerfully to all the just
and legal commands of my superiors in rank.
My colleague does not indulge in comparisons.
Yet he has brought forward a name here, in a
very peculiar and striking mariner, which is very
familiarly known to me, and has been quite fa-
miliarly known also to the whole country for
several years past. It is in the name of General
duitman. He has been spoken of in a particular
manner, and with some emphasis of tone, as a
gallant gentleman. Why the name of General
duitman was so formally introduced to our no-
tice in this manner, I do not pretend to divine.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is because he
was a major general.
Mr. FOOTE. My colleague will recollect that
I have always made it my business to do public
honor to General duitman as a military man, here
and elsewhere. It has been my especial pleasure
on all occasions to set forth his high merits as a
military man, and to hold myself ready to vindi-
cate his reputation against any assault that might
be made upon it, (not suggesting at present that
anybody here has assailed it.) My quarrel with
that personage is strictly political.
Let me say, sir, in conclusion, that if I conceived
this resolution was intended to add to the "pride"
or to gratify the " vanity" of any man—whether
General Scott or any other person—(these words
" pride" and " vanity" are not mine, but the
words of my colleague)—I should vote against it
without a moment's hesitation; for, sir, if there is
any moral virtue that I do love and honor, it is
humility; if there are any qualities that excite my
most profound disgust, they are arrogance and
empty vanity.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. My colleague,
immediately before he concluded just now, made
a quotation purporting to be a remark of mine,
and did not quote my language correctly. I hope
he will not change that in the reports.
He says he has always defended General duit-
man, " here and elsewhere." He has had a very
easy task to defend him here, where he has never
been assailed. Methinks he must have found it
?iuite cheap to defend General duitman's military
ame where nobody has assailtd it. I know that
he once said something about a controversy, the
issue of which was between a captain and a sub-
ordinate in a matter which was proper to one or
the other, but which did not belong to a general.
I have yet to learn that General duitman ever
thought of claiming- any such, to him, empty
honor. It is not in keeping with the general offi-
cer. I would reply to my colleague, then, by
saying that he had an easy task in defending
General duitman's military reputation here.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish simply to explain that
matter.
-The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
necessity of arresting this discussion. It leads to
no practical good.
FOOTE. I do not see how the Chair can
anticipate what I am going to say before I say
anything.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair can anticipate
that a discussion is not in accordance with the
rules.
Mr. FOOTE. I think I understand the rules
of parliamentary order; and I must say the Chair
is rather too anticipative in presuming that I was
about to violate the rules of order before I had said
anything at all.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will stop the
Senator the moment he proceeds to'discuss any-
thing that is not involveiin the resolution.
Mr. FOOTE. I would say that the Chair did
not discover other Senators to be out of order
when they were discussing the very topic upon
which I intimated a disposition to offer a few
words; but so soon as this intimation escaped my
lips, the Chair at once saw the necessity of check-
ing me in advance, anticipating that I would pres-
ently be out of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will not listen
to remarks of that kind. The Chair does not in-
dulge in illiberality towards any Senator.
Mr. FOOTE. I stated distinctly that the Chair
called me to order before I said a word. Does the
Chair deny that?
The PHBSIDENT. The Senator will take his
seat until the Chair explains. The Senator got
up, as the Chair supposed, to state what had been
his course with regard to General duitman and
other officers, which is not a matter under consid-
eration. The Chair stated to the gentleman that
he must confine himself to the discussion of the
resolution, and he must do so.
Mr. FOOTE. The Chair does not-rightly com-
prehend the whole matter, I think. My colleague
alluded to General duitman and his special gal-
lantry. I said I had always endeavored to make
manifest the gallantry of that gentleman, here and
elsewhere. My colleague then alluded to a trans-
action here, without the least interference on the
part of the Chair, which the Chair says it is not
in order to debate. I designed simply following
in the pathway of my colleague, and noticing for
a moment, with perfect kindness, the proceeding
thus alluded to, When I was very promptly re-
buked by the Chair. Having had some little ex-
perience in legislative concerns, here and else-
where, I think I can so shape my remarks as not
to offend the taste of the Chair, or the sense of
propriety of any one.
My colleague has referred to a special matter of
occurrence here, connected with the military char-
acter of General duitman. As I am not permitted
to go into that matter fully, I will not do so; but I
feel authorized and bound to say this much, that
General G^uitman, by letter and otherwise, in-
formed me that he regarded himself as having
been seriously depreciated in a certain quarter.
He conceived that the assertion that any one had
unfurled the first flag in Mexico beside himself
was an unjust and injurious allegation. So he
wrote to me from New York, where he was so-
journing at the time; and he besought me earn-
estly, as his senatorial representative, to have re-
course to certain documents which he put into my
hands, which he thought would enable me to vin-
dicate him agaiust the assault which he believed
to have been made upon his reputation as a mili-
tary man. If I seemed to attach too much im-
portance to the matter alluded to, it was not my
fault, but because I received a letter from General
duitman himself, imprecating my interposition,
followed by a most earnest oral application. And
now I am happy to say that wnen, being thus
urged, I undertook formally to set up the claims
of General duitman to the honor of having un-
furled the first flag upon the walls of Mexico, I
found myself supplied with ample testimony upon
the point in question by the masterly report of
that distinguished officer, (General Scott,) whose
merits have, on this occasion, been made the sub-
ject of discussion. I have said nothing at any
time touching this delicate occurrence. I am will-
ing that the history of this whole affair should be
this day explained.
If I have complained that General duitman's
name was obtruded upon us this morning, it was
because I did not-see what connection it had with
the subject under consideration; and it seemed to
me to be introduced in a manner indicating some-
thing more than met the ear. I felt bound, when
his name was thus brought forward, to state that
I had always been willing to do him justice as a
military man—that here and elsewhere I had de-
lighted to do him justice, and to shield him from
injustice in whatever form it might be presented.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not my desire or in-
tention to have said anything upon this subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the Senator from Texas
will permit me, not anticipating such a debate,
and regretting it very much, I will move to post-
pone the consideration of this resolution till some
future day.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. SHIELDS. As it seems to be the wish of
the Senate to settle this matter at once, I will
withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. From the course which this
debate has taken and the amount of time occupied,
and some allusions which have been made in re-
ference to a former action of this body, I feel my-
self called upon to assign my reasons for the vote
I then gave, as I shall not vote for the present res-
olution. On the occasion alluded to a proposition
was submitted to the Senate for the creation of the
office of lieutenant general of the Army. _War
was then existing ana our armies were within the
enemy's territory; a misunderstanding had arisen
between the commanding generals, and a discord
almost amounting to the dissolution of the army
seemed to reign in the ranks; at least such was
the impression in this country, and serious appre-
hensions were expressed that the army would be
disbanded. Under these circumstances I was dis-
posed to support the proposition, with the hope
that by the creation of one head, by elevating one
individual above the others, between whom the
misunderstanding existed, harmony would be
