106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. IS,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Lieutenant General—Messrs. Downs, Foote, Dawson, fyc.
Senate.
country is too well understood to make it necea- !
sary that I should say even this much. I am not
engaged in the business of President making in the
'east possible d«gree, nor do I intend to be until I
feel that the Republic itself is secure. My object
in Toting for the resolution has been already ex-
plained, and as to my motives, I trust all who
know me will do them justice. I feel bound to say
that my friend from Alabama, [Mr. Clemen*,]
with whom this resolution originated, is one of the
last men in the world to be actuated by such mo-
tives as have been suggested.
Mr. DOWNS. I did not intend to charge any
such motive.
Mr. FOOTE. I know that my friend did not
directly impute any such motive, but I was fearful
that his remarks might, without some explana-
tion of them, be misunderstood. Having made
these remarks 1 will conclude by saying that if
gentlemen are actuated at all by a wish to keep
Genera! Scott out of the Presidency, they had
bettsr, in my judgment, evince a disposition to do
him ordinary justice; for nothing is more certain
than that any appearance of illiberality or injustice
on the part of this body towards him will strengthen
instead of weakening him before the country.
Mr. DAWSON. Idonotrisetomakeaspeech,'
but to make only one or two observations con-
nected with this matter, and I should not have
done so but for the remarks of my friend from
Louisiana, [Mr. Downs.]
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order, and
as that question has been decided in a different way
b«fore, I wish to have the question settled. The
point of order is, whether a Senator mav rise, and
then resign his place on the floor, and be entitled
to his place again when the Senator shall have con-
cluded in whose favor he had resigned ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly he cannot resign
his place to a Senator to make a speech and still
claim it when the speech is concluded. It is the
usual practice when a Senator gives way to an-
other, for the purpose of making an explanation,
to consider the Senator who had yielded entitled to
the flo6r.
Mr. HALE. I understand that the practice of
the Senate has been this. If a Senator rises to
correct any remark made by the Senator who is
speaking, and he yields the floor for that purpose,
he is entitled still to his place, as the Cnair has
stated. But the rule has been applied in a manner
directly contrary to me, and when I have risen to
speak, as the Senator from Georgia did, and then
given way, not for explanation, I thereby lost my
place.
Mr. BtJTLER. I rise to a question of Order.
I think the rule is, that no gentleman can be al-
lowed to speak more than twice without unani-
mous consent. Some gentlemen seem disposed to
take advantage of a privilege which is not allowed.
The PRESIDENT. That is so; the rule must
be applied if it is desired.
Mr. DAWSON. My neighbor from the State
of New Hampshire is, I know, to be commisera-
ted on account of his inability to get the Chair 
Mr. HALE. 1 never sought the chair.
Mr. DAWSON. To get the floor and make
"his aspirations to the Chair. I would willingly
have yielded the floor to him, but it is well known
that I seldom address the Chair. I do not now
rise tp make a speech, and would not have risen
but for the observation of my friend from Louisi-
ana. Her certainly, unintentionally I think, has
made an impression upon the Senate, and perhaps
upon others, that this movement was made for
the purpose of increasing the personal popularity
of an individual with a view to ulterior purposes.
Permit me to say, that as one of the Military
Committee upon whose voice this resolution made
its appearance in the Senate, it came here without
any proposition of that kind, and no allusion was
made to any individual.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the Senator permit me to
explain ?
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
Mr. DOWNS. It was th<^ furthest possible
from my intention to charge any such movement
to the committee, but I was afraid that such a
construction might be put upon it afterwards. I
acquit the committee from any such motive.
Mr. DAWSON. Then the ground of objection
t.iat the resolution should not be passed as an
art of justice, because it 'might produce an influ-
ence upon th« popular mind; and for fear an injury
might be done to political parties in this country !
an act of justiee must not be done to an individual.
I refer to the history of the case, and my con-
nection with it as a member of the Military
Committee. This proposition originated with my
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] who is now
unable to be in his seat from indisposition. His
resolution was referred to a board of officers, and
that board of officers was organized and sat in this
city, and made their report to the Senate with a
recommendation, and this resolution is in entire
conformity with that. This body referred the re-
port to the Military Committee, and this resolution
emanated from that committee, not from party
considerations or with any view to ulterior objects.
The committee were about evenly divided, but
Whigs and Democrats voted alike in relation to it,
and none of the consequences which have been
spoken of were looked to at all. We only looked
to the past, and the question they honestly pro-
pounded was, "What will you do to distinguish
this individual who has distinguished himself so,
much ?" This was looked upon as a simple mat-
ter. 1 looked upon it as a mere trifle, and my
colleagues upon tne committee know that was my
opinion. But when the question was made, I felt
bound to give my vote for the resolution. Now
it is here, and tne only harm which it is appre-
hended can grow out of it ie, that the act may in-
crease the popularity of an individual, and the
people may claim the control of that man for other
purposes. *
I submit it without another word, merely re-
peating the declaration that I never heard the sug-
gestion made in or out of the committee that it
was a party movement. My friend on the com-
mittee from the State of Illinois, was one of the
warmest supporters of the resolution, and yet he
is not a political friend of this individual; and in
truth the whole origin of this resolution was from
his political opponents, but from those who were
his personal friends, and who were disposed to ac-
knowledge his valuable services.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise rather to explain a re-
mark than to make a speech, if my friend will al-
low me to do it patiently. My friend from Loui-
siana has attributed to me the remark that I was
willing to devolve upon this Senate the office of an
historian in writing the history of General Scott's
life. I do not recollect my language exactly, as I
spoke from the impulse of themoment, having but
just taken my seat; but I think the import of the
remark was fairly this, that while we had the op-
portunity, we should do an act of justice, which
would enable the future historian to write justly
what was due to General Scott. Since his mili-
tary reputation and the reputation of others had
come in review before the Senate, I intimated that
the passage of the resolution was nothing but a
tribute of historical justice to that reputation. I
hope I am understood.
One other remark. Several gentlemen have
asked, very emphatically, why bestow this pecu-
liar dignity upon General Scott—this gewgaw as
it has been called, this mere honor in the form of
a resolution ? And it has been asked by my friend
from Louisiana, what is the use of all this to Gen-
eral Scott? I would ask, has there ever been any
use in the sprig of laurel bestowed upon the brow
of a conquering hero or a great patriot a#d gen-
eral? What is the use of that'sprig of laurel?
You cannot wear it, you cannot eat it, nor use
it; and yet I will venture the remark that a sprig
of laurel feestowed upon a triumphant general
who has won a reputation, has been a higher
incentive to make generals than all other incen-
tives that could be employed. The sprig of laurel
is worth no more than this tribute of historical re-
spect to General Scott. I give it as it has been
given to others, in a spirit of justice.
One other remark. I think that another gen-
eral who has been alluded to has had a triumph—1
institute no comparison—has had a triumph some-
thing more than a sprig of laurel. He, sir, wore
his honors well, and posterity is now paying the
highest tribute that a grateful people can bestow
upon his tomb. Sir, I lovfe living monuments of
justice and magnanimity, arid in doing justice I am
not willing to place either in a superior rank. In
this great question, as to who have fairly a right
to participate in the title of conqueror of Mexico,
I do not know whether I would give the laurels to
Marcellus sooner than to Fabius. I would give
what is given to one to both.
Mr. BORLAND. As a member of the Military
Committee, from which this resolution has been
reported, 1 desire to make known some of the
reasons which induced me to oppose its adoption.
In the present aspect of the question, I think it is
to be regretted that the debate should have wan-
dered so far from the terms of the resolution itself,
and, particularly, that it should have been made
to embrace the personal and military character, or
the political relations of any individual.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair endeavored to
call the attention of Senators to the fact that the
resolution was general.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not allude to the course
of the Chair, and trust I was not understood as
taking exceptions to it. I merely intended to ex-
press my regret that Senators had indulged in such
latitude of remark, and was about to add that I
was sure no good could grow out of it.
If my memory be not at fault, the resolution
originafly introduced by the Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clemens] proposed, in plain and direct
terms, to confer the brevet rank of lieutenant gen-
eral upon General Seott alone, and by name. If
the authors and advocates of the resolution now
before us have the same object in view, I think
they are very unfortunate in the mode they have
adopted to accomplish it. If such an object, or,
indeed, any object, should be accomplished at all,
it should be done inaplain,direct,straightforward
way. Above all, in a case like this, where theob-
ject is to confer honor, there should be no indirec-
tion in the manner.no ambiguousness in the terms,
no loop on which a doubt may hang. And yet
what is the character of this resolution ? What
does it propose to do, and how to do it? I neither
impute nor impugn motives. But I ask again,
what is the character of the resolution ? If any
resolution of Congress can confer honor upon an
individual such as a soldier ought to be willing to
receive, it would, in my opinion, be such a^ne as
was originally introduced. That present™, di-
rectly and at once, the question of the individ-
ual's merits, and, if adopted, would, so far as such
action of Congress is competent to do so, have at-
tained the contemplated object. This will do no
such thing. It neither indicates the individual nor
confers the honor. It goes to the extent of creating
the grade, and leaving to the discretion of the
President, as in all other cases of brevet, to confer
it upon—whom? Why, upon any man, or any
number of men, without limitation or restriction.
The discretion is with the President, and if this
contemplated honor shall ever be conferred upon
General Scott, or ony other officer, he will receive .
it from the hands of the President, and not from
Congress, nor by its vote. I'think the contem-
plated honor would be empty enough, even if con-
ferred by the direct vote of both Houses of Con-
gress, as originally proposed. But when that mode
is evaded by resorting to vague generalities, and
the whole matter is left to the discretion of one
man, however wise or exalted that man may be,
the honor becomes indeed too empty for estima-
tion.
There are many reasons why, in my opinion,
this resolution ought not to be adopted. As, how-
ever, the most of them have been already given, far
better and more forcibly than I could give them, I
will not consume tjie time of the Senate by repeat-
ing them. Still there are one or two points which
: I think it not amiss to insist upon for a moment-.
That the public service requires anything to be
done of the kind proposed, is not pretended by any
one—certainly no one, not even the most zealous
| advocate of the resolution, has so asserted. That,
if adopted, the resolution will fail to accomplish
the object intended, is to my mind very clear and
entirely certain—that is, if that object really be, as
■ avowed, to confer by a vote of Congress a new
! and still higher honor than any he now enjoys,
j Upon a gallant and distinguished officer of our
i Army, in a manner compatible with his self-re-
i spect, or worthy of his acceptance. And even if
these two positions were not tenable, the indirec-
tion by which it seeks to accomplish a well-under-
[ stood object, is all-sufficient to cause its rejection.
T repeat, that I do not here undertake to impute
