APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLofife.
_ •_    
31 st Cong 2d Sess. Railroad in Alabama, and the Pnbfic Lands—Mr. Cobb of Alabama.
181
Ho. ot Reps.
motives to the advocates of the resolution, nor do
■ ! impugn them But, sir, 1 do apprehend that it
wi" oe a long time before the unmtfofrd can be
induced ta believe that, if the frinds of General
Seoti, in this movement, had not feared defeat
Hpon the mae presented by the original direct
proi>osition to confer this honor upon him alone,
and by name, they would ever have abandoned it.
I am sorry thai comparisons between the mili-
tary services or merits of individuals have Hwn
introduced info ths discussion. 1 shall make none. _
It was weit remarked by one whose name is among *
the most distinguished of those who fought the
battles, that in the achievements of our armies in
Mexico " there is honor enough for all." To me,
it has ever been a sorry and a painful spectacle to
witness, as we sometimes do, a clamorous demand
for more than a fair proportion. But I must be
permitted to say (and I certainly can do so, with
entire freedom from personal predilection, or party
feeling) that the course of remark indulged in by
some of the advocates of this resolution, suggests
to mv mind the familiar apothegm of the poet-phi-
lanopher, that—
"The frit (hat man ito lives after them,
Tb* (rood is oft interred with dxir bone*."
I maan, of course, in the memory of those who
ekim to be, pmr excellence, their friends.
The war with Mexico had been conducted
with skill, dosed with brilliancy, and crowned
with success. Our armies had returned embla-
zoned with glory. The popular mind of the Union
was filled with admiration and gratitude. The
people, in the exercise of their undoubted right,
passed in review the series of brilliant deeds which
had been achieved in their service, and by their
authority; and, ha vine done so, exercised their
equally undoubted rigBl (a right, I take it, they
were entirety competent to exercise) to affix its
due importance to each of those deeds, and to as-
sign each hero, in their performance, hia appropri-
ate niche in the temple of American fame. It is
not for me to revise this judgment of the people.
Tt is enough for me to believe that they had the
right, jpd were competent, to pa*3 that judgment—
enough for me to know that they exercised their
ngbt. We ail know full well what that judgment '
was. All—do, not all, but the chief heroes of the
Mexican war were then living. They continued
to lire for some time afterwards, surely for a time
long enough, if such a movement as this was de-
sired in any quarter, for it to be made with all the
sanctions of propriety. Eut, sir, in all time no
soch thing wasdone—no such thing was proposed.
Why has it been postponed to this late day?
Why is it proposed now ? Sir, he who for mili-
tary services and merit among his contemporaries [
stood in the estimation of the American people "a
"head and shoulders higher than other men;" he
whose name, of all who won the meed of a hero
in the war with Mexico, they inscribed topmost
on the roll of fame, he to whom they decreed the
highest honors, has gone down to his grave! Sir,
I, for one, will no', by an official act of mine, re-
vise or reverse the judgment of the people. I, for
one, will not assist to swell the renown of another
beyond the rolumeof that which the people accord-
edto him. l,for one, willnot lend my help to write
another name higher than the people have spon-
taneously written his upon the roll of their own
fame. A s they have decreed, so will I let it stand—
especially sinee he is dead. For Congress to at-
tempt to do otherwise would be as futile as, in my
opinion, it would be injudicious and improper.
In the course of debate, we have been told that i
much of the military and naval success and re-
nown of Great Britain has resulted from the
marks of distinction which she has from time to
time conferred upon her military and naval he-
roes; and it is argued that if we would keep pace
with her in the brilliant career of glory she has
run, if we would attain the same high point of re-
nown in arms which she has attained, we should,
in this respect at least, follow her example. This
argument has been so well answered by Senators
who have preceded me that I leave it in the clear
and satisfactory light in which they have placed
it. But I will merely suggest that if the example
of Great Britain be of any value as a precedent
and guide for us, we can avail of it only by fol-
lowing her to the extent to which she has gone,
and that, too, in rubstanee as well as /arm. If we
are to make lieutenant generals, because she has
made them, we must make also Jield*marshals be-
cause she has made them; and for the *4me rea-
son, and hy the same rule, because she has made
a duke, or conferred any other title of distinction,
for gallant military or iicw.il services, we too must
do the same tliiii^—we, too, must create dukes,
admirals, rear-admirals,&c.,throughout the whole
catalogue. Bui not only so; we are not to stop
here. The rule here prescribed for us to follow
requires, as I said, that we shall adopt the sub-
stance, as well as the mere forms, of the example
of Great Britain. If we confer these new ranks
and titles of distinction because she has done so,
then we should also attach to them the same
amount of pecuniary compensation which she has
attached to them.
How far the adoption of such a rule of action
would carry us in the way of appropriations, how
much money one would'hare to pay, I will not
undertake to say. If what we learn, however, of
the amounts voted by the British Parliament to
the Duke of Wellington, from time to time, for
his military services, be adopted as the basis of an
estimate, I much question whether the present rev-
enues of our Government would enable us to keep
up with the annual payments to our array and na-
val officers. Many millions of dollars (in one in-
stance it is said as much as {4,000,000) nave been
voted to the conqueror at Waterloo. Contrast this
with what Washington received from the United
States for his military services! Sir, the Father
of his Country never received any pecuniary com-
pensation for his military services! His actual
expenses of living, restricted, too, within thecom-
pass of a rigid economy, were all he ever received,
or would consent to receive, from his country, for
services which I would deem it sacrilege to attempt
to estimate by any pecuniary standard. And yet,
when we turn our ey ea to the eminence upon which
the military heroes, ancient and modern, stand up
for the admiration of the world, who is it that
stands immeasurably above all others? " First in
war, first iu paace, and first in the hearts of his
countrymen, the nameof Washington rises even
above comparison with all who have ever adorned
the history of the world, or lived in the tide of
time. Could titles, could pecuniary compensation
have made such a man ?
But it has been said that, while other officers
have received brevets for services in Mexico, Gen-
eral Scott has received none; and that this is a
proposition merely to do for him what we have
done for others. Then why not say so in the
resolution itself? Now, as we have been truly
told, there are other generals in our Army who
are in a similar position in this respect; and yet
we hear no proposition to do them the Justice
which the advocates of the resolution claim for
General Scott. But, apart from this consideration,
the true answer has been given to this claim for
General Scott, by a statement of the fact that he
was and is already at the head of his-profession,
and of the Army, in the United States; and, in
my opinion, is also on the topmost round of mili-
tary station and fame, to which the ambition of
any man ought to aspire, or his vanity ought to
be permitted to attain, in this plain Republic ot
ours. Sir, in my opinion, the rank of Major Gen-
eral-in-Chief is as high above the level of the peo-
ple as any military man should be allowed to rise.
That rihk has long existed in our military organ-
ization, and I am willing to let it remain. Gen-
eral Scott has long held it, and well and worthily,
I admit; he has proved his title to it, and there I
am willing he should continue to occupy it. But
I am unwilling to create another grade higher than
the highest; and unwilling, also, to elevate any
man higher than himself.
To express still further my sense of the extrav-
agance of the avowed purpose of the resolution,
and to reduce it, as I think it is reduced, by com-
parison, to absurdity, I suggest that it would be
equally proper and politic to adopt a similar rule
for rewarding extraordinary civil services; so that
when, on account of distinguished and valuable
ciril services, the people of the United States have
elevated an individual to the highest office in their
gift—the Presidency—and during his ad ministration
ne shall render extraordinary civil services, in ad-
dition to those he had performed before his elec-
tion, w« should create the additional title of Lieu-
tinant-President, and confer it as an empty honor
upon him' It seems to me that a better, a safer,
a wiser course would be, whenever any man has
attained the highest station known to the lawn and
usages of our country, to leave him for any higher
reward he may deserve (if any higher he can de-
serve) or desire, to the discriminating and never-
failing admiration and gratitude of his country-
men. Should that not fill the measure of his
ambition or vanity, the insatiate and dangerous
passion should be left to feed upon his own heart.
If it consumes him, perhaps it will be happier for
himself and certainly better for his country.
Mr. HALE. I believe the Senator from South
Carolina has now got square with me in making
speeches; and, therefore, I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. When the vote on this
resolution goes out to the country, there is one
fact I wish to go out with it. It is a mere propo-
sition to create a new office, a new rank, a new
grade in the Army so entirely uncalled for that
not a single advocate of the measure has main-
tained its necessity, while men of military expe-
rience assure us it will be injurious. We all know
what follows the creation of new offices—new
claims upon the Treasury 
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator will give way
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I did not rise to make a
speech, and I do not desire an adjournment. I
had said nearly all I wished to say—it was to call
attention to the fact that we are here spending our
time, at this late day in the session, when there is
, so much pressing business, in creating offices for
which there is no manner of necessity or utility
! whatever. The resolution has nothing to do with
any particular individuals; it is general in its terms.
, And as the change proposed is not called for, I
shall vote against it.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, the vote
upon which will be found in the Congressional
Globe, pages 52?, 523.
RAILROAD IN ALABAMA, AND PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. R. W. COBB.
of alabama,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the contemplated Railroad in Ala-
bama, and the condition of the Public Lands
generally.
Mr. COBB said:
Mr. Chairman : In advocating these bills, which
contemplate the grant of alternate sections of pub-
lic lands to the State of Alabama, for the construc-
tion of railroads running through that State, I
feel at liberty to say, that although it bears on its
face the appearance of a donation direct to Alaba-
ma,yet many other States are intimately interested
in it. It is a work to connect the Mississippi river
with the Atlantic seaboard by a continuous line
of railroad, as well as to connect the Tennessee
river with the waters of the Mobile Bay. Sir, it
is but necessary for the most skeptical observer to
cast his eye. over the map of Alabama, to see at
one glance the importance .of the work, not only
to that State, but to many others. Sir, the pros-
perity of North Alabama, in a commercial and
agricultural point of view, depends upon the com-
pletion of these roads. When completed, the east-
ern and western and southern waters will be ac -
ceasible; and in a few hours we will be able to find
a market for our produce, either in New Orleans,
Mobile, Savannah, Augusta, or Charleston. But
as it is now, we have to traverse the Tennessee
and other rivers, a distance of about fifteen hun-
dred miles to New Orleans, having the obstructions'
of the Muscle Shoals to overcome; which obstruc-
tion very often are almost insurmountable for
eleven months in the year; or to Savannah, Au-
fusta, or Charleston, a distance of about six hun-
red miles. A portion of the route to the three last-
named points, say from fifty to one hundred and fifty
miles of transportation, has to be by wagons for
at least one half of the year. The road from Mem
phis to the Charleston and Nashville road is about
two hundred and eighty miles long; the one from
