1851.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONCHIESSIOAL GLOBE.
161
3lrr Cose %2o Svss.
fliwn anil Harbors—Mr. Fitch.
Price $ 1 50 fok this Session.
ceutr* in'itx- Union, on which the mountain* have
tmti levelled. ns it' by design. Though this line
cnum *!! tit* iiuMtntmn raugee, it encounters no
gnulr mxiy-eight feet per mile, and a
u only on lur Virginia wid Tennnttt railroad
i.'iat tuts rate of Mfmi is used. The linegenerally
toilows natural valleys, where the gnttiee are ynit#
ami Ute work li;ht. From Memphis io Lvitch-
Uurg, n ti!•<-.««i-t- of hundred and fii\y miles,
I be whole eoat ot'rtNainniiiip a road, ot' l)ie moat
suuauuuia) character, and lollv equipping it, will
not reach $15,OUl) per mile, although fete hundred
mile* hi' thai dtauuice traverse a mountainous re-
pi.in. if tin* gre«i line had its termini in Memphis
and U-meoii it nu ht well be called a national work.
But this is not ail. There are two schemes recently
put on loot, at the extreme points of this line,
which must add greatly to its importance. One is
Lie plan of u canal across the Isthmus of Tehnan-
tepec, which is now excitiiur much interest in N• "
Orleans; the other is the •* European and North
a nit r.can Railway, ''which may date its birth from
a convention heid in Portland, Maine, on the 31st
ui July last.
The immediate effect of the first of these schemes
wtti be is make our road the channel of commu-
nication between our eastern cities (including the
•eat of Government) and our possessions on the
Pacific. And not only this, but our intercourse
with China must be by the same route.
Careful surveys and examinations hare fully
established the feasibility of this scheme. The
Isthmus of Tehiutntepee possesses a rich soil, sa-
lubrious climate, and great variety of natural pro-
ductions. Tlte bar at the mouth of the Coatzaeo-
alroe is as good as the one at the mouth of the
Mtsitinappi. The river itself is navigable for
thirty-lour mile* for large vessels, and can easily
be improved higher up. This river flows through
a dense forest of oak,cedar, pine, iron-wood, Bra-
zil-wood, mahogany, and lire-oak.
On the Pacific side are two lakes, affording a
commodious harbor; the interior is connected with
the exterior by a communication called the canal
of Saata Teresa,and the entrance from the ocean,
to the "exterior lake is called the Bocca Barra. It
is one hundred and fifty miles from the Pacific to
the Atlantic; being about fifteen miles from the
Bocca Bam to the ship landing.
From New Orleans to San Francisco, by the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec, is eighteen hundred and
twenty-five miles less than bjr the Isthmus of
Panama, and the saving of distance between New
York and San Francisco would be fourteen hun-
dred miles, which will determine all these cities in
favor of the Tehoantepee route. The distance
from San Francisco to Bocca Bamt is twenty-eight
hundred miles; from Bocca Barra toCoatzaeoalcoa,
aeroas the isthmus, is one hundred and fifty miles;
from the latter place to New Orleans is nine hun-
dred miles. A traveler starting from New York,
and passing over the Memphis and Charleston
railroad, and by this route, instead of the Panama
route, will save sixteen hundred miles of sea voy-
age on the Atlantic side, and thirteen hundred
miles on the Pacific side. In tune of war, with a
fleet to protect the Golf, the intercourse of the At-
lantic Stales with California and China might go
on with perfect safety through this interior route.
These considerations should give New Orleans a
deep interest in our road, an that city must become
the great entrepot of the trade and travel between
the old States and California and China.
The journey from Memphis to San Francisco,
by tne proposed route, allowing two days and a
half for the nver boats, between Memphis and
New (Means, allowing for the ocean steamers on
the Golf and on the Pacific fifteen and a half miles
per hour, which is the speed of the Cunard steam-
an, and allowing one day to cross the isthmus,
would require thirteen days and ten hours, as may
be seen by the following calculation:
JfUa. Dag . Honrt.
turn Memphis to New Orieam   HOO 9 IS
'• Sew Orleawto CoaizacoaJcof.. 9<J0 2 10
11 foaizacoalcos to Bocca Barra... 1
" Bocea Barra to Su Francisco. .9,800 7 19
# W ' 10
The other scheme, which is to have soch an im-
portant bearing on the prosperity of this road, is
the " European and North American Railroad.",
There is a line of railroads now is operation fro®
New Series—No. li.
New York, through Boston, to Waterville, in ||
Maine, a distance of four hundred and ten miles. |
Tina new eom|>any propose to extend this line
through New Brunswick and Nora Scotia to Hal-
ifax, passing through the towns of Bangor, Calais,
and 'l ruro.
This road will he four hundred and eighty-five
miles, and it will probably be extended hereafter
to Cape Canao.
From Halifax it is proposed to run steamers to
Gal way Bay, on the western coast of Ireland,
which will be crossed by the "Great Midland
Railway" 4o Dublin. From Dublin the line of;
travel will be continued, by steamers, across the
channel to Holyhead, thence crossing the Menai
Straits by the Britannia Bridge, and to London by
the Chester and Holyhead and the London and
Northwestern Railways. By this plan the ocean
navigation will be reduced to two thousand one i
hundred and sixty-five miles, and will require only ■
five and a half da vs.  
The whole time required for a journey from
New York to London, will be seven ana a half
days, aa will appear from the following detailed
statement:
Sow. Heart. Wmito.
From Loodon tn Holyhead, 963
mile* at 35 miles per hour,
average speed ot express trains
including stoppages  0 7 30
From Holyhead to Tin hi in, 6ft
miles, Id antes par boar, the
present speed ol' the Chanel
boats     0 3 30
From Dnblin to Galway, 190
aiile?, it 30 mile* par Iiour... 0 4 tO
From Galwar to Halifax, 9,165
miles, ai loi miles per iaoar,
the Canard boats baring at-
tained 1s.i<, and. with 1cm
weight of coals, wiN iaeieane
their spend.  S 11 15
From Halifax K> booudary be-
tween New Bnuwwick and
Nov* Bentia, 198 miles, at 30
males per hour * 0 4 00
Through New Braaswickna St
John to Calais in Maine, 310
miles, at 30 mile* per hour.... 0 7 00
From Calais to Waterville, 155
mile*. at 30 miles per boar... 0 • 90
From Waterville to New York
(line in actual operation) 410
miles at 30miles per hour.... 0 13 40
Total naaiag One  7 8 5
Add 4 bonis for delays, tiaas-
sliipments, kc  4
Wbole time between London
aad New York  7 1ft S
From Memphis to New York by the Memphis
and Charleston road is one thousand two hundred
miles, and is the nearest practicable line. This
distance, at twenty-five miles per hour, will re-
quire two days—let twelve hours be allowed for
delays and changes, and call it two days and a half.
This will make the journey from Memphis to
London ten days, and from London, by way of
Memphis, to San Francisco, twenty-three days and
ten hours.
Nor does this complete the ehain; for eteam-
ships may perform the voyage to China, from San
Francisco, by having supplies of coal deposited at
the Fox Islands. The most northern free port in
China, Changhai, is in latitude 31°. San Fran-
cisco is in latitude 37§°, and it is probable that by
no iMher route could steamships cross the Pacific.
Ships, in the present state of steam navigation,
cannot carry a supply of coal for more than three
thousand miles and pay a profit. The Fox
Islands are about midway between San Francisco
and Chan*hai, and about the same distance from
each as it is from Halifax to Liverpool, the pres-
ent rirute of the Cunard steamers.
Lieut. Maury calculates that steamers may per-
form the trip between Changhai and San Fran-
cisco in twenty-six days.
This would then be the nearest possible route
front China to London, and the journey could be
performed in forty-nine days ana ten hoars.
It is a circumstance worthy of remark, and sig-
nificant in view of any future plan of a direct road
to California, that Memphis in in latitude 35°,
just between the two places above mentioned.
But let us examine a little more closely into the
line between Memphis and New York. There is
certainly no roate, now traveled between these
points, which is net longer by more than four hun-
dred miles than that by way of your road. An
examination of the map will satisfy nny one that
there are natural difficulties which "will prevent*
shorter line from ever being mnde.
Some idea may be formed of the directness of
this line by the fact that, should the shortest line
be adopted, the variation in latitude between the
most northern and most southern point on any
part of the line, between Chattanooga and Mem-
phis, will be less than thirty miles; and between
Richmond and the furthest southern point of this
line of roads, the difference of latitude will be only
2} degrees.
There is no portion of this line which is not
chartered, and there are but thirty miles between
this road and New York which are not now in
progress of construction. This thirty miles is be-
tween Chattanooga and Cleveland, on the East
Tennessee and Georgia railroad. A charter waa
obtained for this road, but no company was or-
ganized under it.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
SPEECH OF HON. G. N. FITCH,
OF INDIANA,
Ih the House or Represektativei,
Fkipat, /Wruarj 14, 1851,
On the bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain Rivers and Harbors.
The House being in Committee of the Wliole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Meade in thechair.) on the bill making
appropriations for tiic improvement or certain Rivers ana
Harbors-
Mr. FITCH said:
Mr. Chaibman: It is not my intention to dis-
cuss the details of this bill, but its importance is
such as to render me averse to giving a silent vote.
It is the principle involved—the constitutional
, right to make appropriations of this character—
for which I shall contend. It may not be inappro-
priate to first answer an allegation of the gentleman
last up, [Mr. Morse.] He charged the friends of
the bill with the manifestation of a wish to rush
it through Congress "with indecent haste." The
fentleman must be very oblivious of facts when
e indulges in such language. No such disposi-
tion has been, or is entertained by its friends. On
the contrary, the bill was reported during the last
session, has been before the House ever since,
and of easy access, if not upon the desk of all
members. If gentlemen have neglected to make
| themselves familiar with its details within the
months during which it has been before us, who
are blamable, the friends of the bill, or those who
have thus neglected to inform themselves of thebusi-
ness of the House, and upon which they knew
they would be requifed to act ? So far from there
haying been any " indecent haste " manifested by
those who intend supporting the bill, they have
given notice time After time mr months past, du-
ring this session and the last, of their intention to
call it up on the very first opportunity. And they
have made repeated attempts so to do—but hither-
to unsuccessfully. Where was the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Morse] during all this time?
My anxiety to state the reasons which control
my vote in favor of the bill, is the greater because of
there being certain gentlemen on this side of the
House who esteem their own judgment so infallible
in political matters that they desire tf> coerce all
1 others into a support of their views. To do this,
they evince a disposition to.array against soch of
the Democratic party as support the bill, a charge
of abandonment of the principles of the party.
They pay but a poor compliment to their own hon-
esty and integrity of purpose, when, by using idle
threats towards others, they thereby tacitly admit
the probability of themselves being influenced by
such. My democracy is as unquestioned and un-
Suestionable as that of any member upon this
oor; but I shall not square my political action by'
that of any self-constituted mentor. Gentlemen
may choose a Procrustean bed upon which to meas-
ure themselves, but they err if they imagine I will
submit to be cut off because too long, or stretched
out because too short, that 1 may be adapted to
their standard.
The names of eminent nun, the earlier Presi-
dents and others, have been appealed to by th 
