16a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Fitch.
Ho. of Reps,
opponents of the bill to sustain the positions they
assume. The acts and opinions of these eminent )
men are upon record; and the record shows that
those sustaining the bill have by far the greatest
amount of evidence afford edby such acts and opin-
ions, in their favor. In 1789 the first Congress
under the Constitution, a Congress composed in
part of the very men who had framed the Constitu-
tion, passed an act appropriating out of the national
Treasury the necessary funds for the " support,
'maintenance, and repairs ofall light-houses, bea-
' cot is, buoys, and public piers;" "at the entrance
' of, or within any bay, inlet, harbor, or port of
•the United States for rendering the navigation
1 thereof easy and safe;"and placing all such works
under the superintendence of the President. This
act was approved the 7th August, 1789, by General
Washington. It was a general act, embracing
all the establishments then connected with our
commerce. Our great inland lakes and rivers were
scarcely known except by nahie. They were nav-
igated by little other than the canoe of the Red
man. Had the country been then as now, can
any one doubt that the same provisions—"for ren-
dering the navigation theraof easy and safe"—
would have been extended to those great inland
channels ? And who of the many opponents of >
the bill now before us will dare question the knowl-
edge and correct interpretation of the Constitution '
by that Congress? Who will be bold enough to
charge Washington with aiding the General Gov-
ernment in usurping rights not its own, or acting
in a manner other than for the best interests of his
country? Mr. Jefferson's opinions, though he
was favorable to the principle, were adverse to the
constitutionality of appropriations for " roads, riv-
ers, and canals;" but this opinion cannot be fairly
arrayed against thebill under discussion, for it pro-
vides for neither "roads"nor "canals." Then, and
for some time subsequently, no distinction was
known or made between appropriations for artificial
channels—roads and canals—and natural chan- '
nels—lakes and rivers; being all classed in the
same category, and indeed national establish-
ments for education included with them, all were
by Mr. Jefferson esteemed unconstitutional! And
how could any other opinion of such a group be
entertained then or ever? Now the distinction
is well defined and well understood. Mr. Jeffer-
son,however,practically contradicted his constitu-
tional objection to roads by approving and signing
a bill appropriating money for " laying out ana
making" the Cumberland road; and subsequently
confirmed this contradiction by recommending a
continuance of the road west. That " roads and
canals" were the special improvements he esteemed .
unconstitutional for the General Government, we
can fairly infer from his protest written for the
Virginia Assembly, at a much later period, (1825,)
and after our lakes and rivers, by the increase of
our population and the introduction of steam- i
boats, had acquired importance as national chan-
nels of commerce. In that protest, "roads and
canals "only are mentioned as the internal improve- i
ments by the General Government to which ex-
ception was taken. Mr. Madison was likewise
favorable to the policy of internal improvements, !
but thought them unconstitutional. As, however, <
he signed appropriations for harbors, the latter
could not have been embraced among the works
he thus esteemed. j
Mr. Monroe's earlier opinions coincided with
Mr. Madison's; but within the period during !
which he entertained such opinions, he approved
one (although he vetoed another) bill making ap-
propriation for internal improvements. His views
were subsequently changed, and he avowed his
belief in the constitutional right to appropriate for i
works of a national character.
General Jackson was opposed, upon constitu-
tional grounds, to appropriations for works "which
are not national in their character," and recom-
mended Congress to refrain from prosecuting any
except "improvements already begun." Heap-
pears to have believed works on the seacoast to i
be national and constitutional, because "the con-
' sumer in the most inland State derives the same
•advantage from every necessary and prudent ex-
' penditure for the facility and security of our foreign
'commerce and navigation, that he does who resides
' in a maritime State." A true proposition; and so
is its converse. What citizen of a maritime
State—what maritime town is not interested in
| and benefited by facilities afforded our great in-
• land lake and river navigation ? What would New
Orleans—the principal city of the State, repre-
sented in part by the gentleman who has just spo-
ken against the bill, [Mr. Morse]—what would
that city be without the Mississippi and its tribu-
taries ? What a falling off' would occur in the
wealth and business ofNew York, if our great lakes j
couid not be navigated for the want of harbors ?
A very considerable share of our foreign com-
merce is dependent upon that of our lakes and
rivers. General Jackson's objections to one river
and harbor bill were, that it made appropriations
"for the improvement of streams that are not navi-
' gable, that are not channels of commerce, and that
'do not pertain to the harbors or ports of entry
' designated by law, or have any ascertained con-
' nection with the usual establishments for the se-
'curityof commerce, external or internal." These
objections contain all the admissions any true
friend of rivers and harbors can desire, and, to-
gether with his support of such works as did not
lose "sight of the distinction between national and
local character," would subject him to the same
denunciations which are hurled at the supporters
of the bill before us, by certain of its opponents,
who exceed all others of their "day and genera-
tion" in political wisdom, according to their own
estimate. They are in imminent danger, for
" Pome have been wounded with conceit,
And died of mere opinion strait."
Although an advocate of this bill, I am not
among those, if there are any—and there must
be few, if any, on this side of the House—who j
would vote an expenditure on a river not nav- I
igable, to make it so by dams, locks and side
cuts. There is a wide difference between expend-
iture for such a purpose, and for the purpose of
removing accidental obstructions from a river well
known to be naturally navigable. I would not
vote money for improvement of a harbor where
there could be no commerce—a harbor which had
no "connection with the usual establishments for
the security of commerce, external or internal," or
for a work which "lost sight of the distinction
between national and local character." Nor would
my vote be cast for appropriations from the Na-
tional Treasury for construction of turnpikes,
railroads, or canals. These were General Jack-
son's views, and yet he gave his sanction to four
or five bills similar in their provisions to the one
before us for rivers and harbors.
Down to this time (Gen. Jackson's administra-
tion) there had been no properly-defined distinction
between works of a local and national character—
between the improvement of natural channels of
commerce and the creation of artificial channels.
This distinction became gradually to be generally
recognized, and for its recognition we are mainly
indebted to President Jackson, in his Maysville
turnpike veto. It is now one of the best-settled
and safest principles of the Democratic party, and
I might almost say, of our Government, in the
keeping of whatever party.it may be, for the time i
being. In consequence of this distinction becom-
ing then recognized by the Democrats, the ques-
tion of internal improvements assumed more of a
paity character than it could previously claim.
The Democratic party insisted upon this distinc-
tion, while the Whigs advocated the prosecution of
a general system, embracing railroads and canals.
We have the authority of Mr. McDuffie, of South
Carolina, for the statement, that the policy of in-
ternal improvements is of Republican or Demo-
cratic origin. The first step in support of the
policy, which contemplated anything other than
rendering " easy and safe" the navigation of
"bays, inlets and harbors,"asprovided for by the
act to which I have already alluded as approved
by General Washington, was the passage of a bill
approved by Mr. Jefferson, for the Cumberland
road,then supposed to bea national work. Mr. J.
. Q,. Adams claims to be the first who attempted
to reduce this policy to a system, for "the pur-
poses of opening roads and making canals," by
the introduction in the Senate, in 1807, of a reso-
lution (drawn by himself but introduced by an-
other Senator) contemplating such system. And
he tells us that the great effort of his "Adminis-
tration was to mature into a permanent and regu-
lar system the application of all the surplus
revenue of the Union to internal improvement."
Finding the policy—originally Democratic—was
popular, the Federalists (Whigs) sought to avail
themselves of its popularity to perpetuate their
powe/'. Hence they reduced it to a system, the ex-
penditures under which were of such character that
the Democratic (Juckson) Administration which
succeeded Mr. Adams, checked them, and strove to
confine them to legitimate objects and purposes,,
viz: the improvement, in such manner as to render
them safe, of existing channels of national com-
merce. The distinction to which I have alluded
became now, therefore, a party question: the Dem-
ocrats desiring to limit the objects and purposes of
the expenditures; the Whigs to continue them for
all objects which enter into a general system of
internal improvements—viz: roads and canals—as
well as important rivers and harbors. Hence th&
Democratic party, in the National Convention,
(at Baltimore,) which nominated Mr. Van Buren
as General'Jackson's successor, for the first time,
adopted the resolution declaring that the "Con-
stitution does not confer upon the General Govern-
ment the power to commence and carry on a gen-
eral system of internal improvements." Upon
this issue—this declaration of principle, among
others, Mr. Van Buren was elected. He called
about him an able Cabinet, and was supported by
the best talent of the country—among others by
Silas Wright. Their understanding of the reso-
lution is clearly conveyed by their acts. It is the
plain common-sense understanding—the only one
which can be arrived at without a perversion of
its letter and spirit—viz: that Government has no
constitutional power to commence and carry on
all the works which in the aggregate constitute a
general'system of internal improvements, including
of course railroads, canals, and turnpikes. For
any system not embracing all these, so far from
being a general, would be a partial system. I said
the acts of Silas Wright and other supporters of
Mr. Van Buren's administration showed con-
clusively their understanding of the resolution.
Those acts were, among others, the introduction
by Mr. Wright into the Senate, and the passage
and approval by the President, of a river and har-
bor bill, identical in its objects and purposes with the
bill now before us. And whoquestions thedemoc-
racy of Silas Wright, or the then democracy of
Martin Van Buren ?
Mr. Tyler vetoed the "Eastern Harbor" bill,
and approved one for improvement of certain west-
ern rivers and the lake harbors. In his veto of the
former, we find first advanced the singular doctrine
that the power to remove obstructions from navi-
gable rivers necessarily implies the power to dig
canals and pave mads, and is consequently uncon-
stitutional. Such reasoning is not entitled to the
merit of respectable sophistry. It was resorted to
merely to justify a foregone determination to veto.
Such reasoning, moreover, involves, an absurdity.
The power to remove accidental obstructions from
a river naturally navigable, and a channel of na-
tional commerce, or to render safe a harbor already
in existence, is a power to protect, to " regulate
commerce"—a power given by the letter of the
Constitution. But to excavate canals, or make
slack-water navigation, or roads, is to create com-
merce where there was none; and that, Congress
has no power to do, express or implied. Yet, ac-
cording to Mr. Tyler's reasoning, the latter power
is inseparable from the former, and neither of them
constitutional!
The National Convention, by which Mr. Polk
was nominated, adopted the same resolution al-
ready mentioned, in opposition to a general sys-
tem of internal improvements. In his first veto of
a river and harbor bill, Mr. Polk recognized the
distinction which was universally contended for
by the Democratic party between national and
local works, and natural and artificial channels of
commerce. In that veto he said he was " not dis-
posed to question or disturb the authority to make
appropriationsfor the protection and safety of
"existing channels of navigation." He leaves us
to infer that his opposition was to appropria-
tions to be expended "for the advantage of small
sections, instead of being applied to the great
national purposes in which all have a common
interest." The difficulty with him was, to as-
certain what were "national purposes." He
admitted that some of the objects in the river and
