lfcBl.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
31st Cons 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Fitch.
Ho. or Reps.
harbor bill were unexceptionable, and of course
constitutional, thereby unequivocally recognizing
the correctness of the principle involved—Viz:
the constitutionality of such appropriations. He
vetoed that bill because, first, ne considered it un-
constitutional; second, it was unconstitutional in
C; third, if constitutional, we had not in the
isury the money it proposed to appropriate;
fourth, if we had the money, we needed it to
prosecute the then existing Mexican war! If he
had rested his veto upon the last ground alone, the
friends of rivers and harbors would have cheer-
fully acquiesced; for very few I fancy—and if any,
I am certainly not of the number—desire the coun-
try to contract a national debt, or be crippled in
the prosecution of a war, for the purpose of im-
proving rivers and harbors. But as it was, his
medley of reasoning was by no means satisfactory,
as the subsequent vote on the bill manifests. In
his veto of December 15th, 1847, he adopts Mr.
Tyler's reasoning—that if Congress has power to
improve a natural harbor, the power to create a
harbor where there was none necessarily follows;
if we have the power to clear a navigable river of
accidental obstructions, it follows that we have
equal power to make such navigable as are not so
naturally, and to " improve them to their fountain
head, and make them navigable to their sources,"
by slack water, or side cuts, or adjunct canals.
The conclusion here, as in the similar reasoning
by Mr. Tyler, is a turnseqviturfrom the premises.
It may be very excellent logic, but I acknowledge
my inability to appreciate it. I admired Mr.
Polk; was to the extent of my ability one of his
warmest supporters; but this aid not make me blind
to his errors; and among his most prominent was
this forced conclusion. It was an error, in that it
did injustice to himself, in making him inconsistent
with himself, with his opinion as expressed in his
first veto message. The power to remove obstruc-
tions from a naturally navigable river, or to render
safe a natural harbor, is a power to appropriate
for " existing channels of navigation"—a power
which Mr. Polk, in his first veto message, was
" not disposed to question or disturb;" but which,
in his veto of December, 1847, he broadly denies.
It is a power to appropriate for " great national
purposes in which all have a common interest."
ft was an error, because it does injustice to the
eminent men whose opinions he cites to sustain
his own—Madison, Monroe, and Jackson. They
did practically recognize a distinction between na-
tional and local works, and between " existing
channels of navigation" and the creation of new
channels.
Presidential opinions have great weight with
Congress and the country. It is highly proper
they should be received with that respect due the
opinions of the rulers of a great people; but they
should not be permitted to become our sole guide
.of action. Nor would they, if separated from the
power of the Chief Magistrate. They would then
be weighed candidly and impartially—would have
that influence to which their merit entitled them;
northat brought by position and. power. They
would appeal to the reason, not to the hope of re-
ward or fear of adverse influence. Our Presidents
are from us and of us; liable to the same preju-
dices and errors of judgment, and the same pride
of opinion which makes them unwilling to ac-
knowledge such errors. Wishing a thing so to be,
they will so act and reason as to accomplish their
wish if possible. But our own judgment, not a
borrowed one, should govern us. Their opinions
are doubtless honestly formed and expressed.
Should ours not be equally so ? Mr. Polk was an
honest man, and a patriot; so is Mr. Fillmore.
No one knowing him can doubt it. The political
opinions of the former, in a matter in which I dis-
trusted my own judgment, would have far greater
weight with me than those of the latter; not be-
cause I did not believe those of the latter to be i
honestly entertained, but because of the difference
in our schools of politics—his encouraging a too 1
latitudinarian construction of the Constitution, by
which the few can monopolize money and power
at the expense of the many. But I will no more
yield the convictions of my own judgment to the
guidance of the former, than abandon them because
they may happen, in a particular instance, to coin-
cide with the opinions of the latter.
Attempts to connect questions like the one before
us with party politics are to be regretted, for they
are thereby prevented from being dispassionately
discussed as national. But as such attempts have
been made by those who preceded me in this de-
bate, especially by the opponents of the bill, I shall
not shrink from aqy expositions to which it may
lead. It was yesterday asked, if the Democratic
platform admits the principle—the right to make
these appropriations—for what have the Democrats
contended ? The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLane,] in view, doubtless, of the ill-denned
politics of the interrogator, [Mr. Holmes,] whose
personal experience enables him better to appre-
ciate a support of men than of principles, answered,
in 1844 "Polk and Dallas;" In 1848 " Cass and
Butler." The answer, so far as intended to desig-
nate only the standard or watch-words with which
we entered and prosecuted those contests, was
well enough. Had it been designed to convey the
idea that there were no principles contended for
by us, it would have been wide of the truth.
Upon the very subject now under discussion
there was, especially in 1844, a well-defined is-
sue between the two parties. Mr. Clay was in-
timately identified with Mr. Adams's general sys-
tem of internal improvements—embracing the
Maysville turnpike, and roads and canals gen-
erally, wherever the caprice of the moment, or the
interests of a few influential men might require
governmental expenditures for such purposes.
Against this, and against the candidate, the " im-
bodiment" of the party advocating it, the Demo-
crats took ground, declaring their opposition to a
general system—a system which included works
of such character. They desired to limit the sys-
tem to national works; the expenditures to "ex-
isting channels of navigation." Our principles
have always been well defined. We have ever
sought to legislate within constitutional bounds,
for the "greatest good to the greatest number."
Hence we have berai found arrayed against a Uni-
ted States Bank and a protective tariff—measures
which, like all monopolies, built up the few and
rendered the many subservient to them. If our
principles have not been advocated in every politi-
cal contest, it has been for the reason that our op-
ponents have declined joining issue with us, there-
by endeavoring to induce a belief of their acqui-
escence i® our principles, although, desiring the.
"spoils," they would not sustain our men. And
when there was no opposition to a principle
avowed, there need be no advocacy of it. In ta-
king "Polk and Dallas," " Cass and Butler," as
our candidates—our party watch-words—we took
them not with new principles, or with none, but
with those avowed by the conventions at which
they were nominated, and to which they were
pledged by their past lives. We knew not only
for whom, but for what we were contending. H ow
with our opponents ? Were they fighting for of-
fice, not principles? So ft would seem: for in
1840 and 1848, they certainly nominated men from
motives of expediency. They either had no prin-
ciples, or dared not advocate them. They neither
knew nor apparently cared what were the princi-
ples of their candidates. Hence they would not
rely even upon the unembelished names of their
candidates, as typical of their party principles, lest
the nature of the latter might be betrayed; and
therefore added to their ticket, as gudgeon bait,
the unmeaning "Tip and Ty," "Rough and
Ready," and flung to the breeze as the banner un-
der which they were willing to march to victory or
defeat, a cider barrel and the night-prowling, thiev-
ish coon. I trust, for the credit of our country,
whose destinies are now in the hands of that party,
that these are not emblematical of Whig princi-
ples. But do they know even now what their prin-
ciples really are? I see upon that side of the House
men acknowledged and acknowledging themselves
as "Woolly Heads," and others as "Silver
Grays," both factions claiming to be Whigs, yet
professing principles as widely apart as the poles.
Which is the " Simon Pure?" It ill becomes any
one acting with them to ask, "for what have the
Democrats contended?" They must cast the beam
out of their own eyes before they see the mote in
ours. The principle now under discussion is one of
national, not sectional nor political character. The
benefits arising from its adoption are for all. It is
impossible to separate the commercial prosperity
of the whole country from the character of the im-
provements proposed by this bill. .It is one, there-
fore, which should be sustained by both parties—
not sought to be converted into political capital pro
or con by either. It is matter of surprise to me
that gentlemen can be found upon this side of the
House who will venture to denounce Democrats
advocating this principle, and question their polit-
ical orthodoxy. I have shown that the very reso-
lution under and by which they claim that the
Democratic party is committed against the princi-
ple, was not so intended nor so understood by the
first Democratic Administration which came .into
power after its adoption. The resolution then be-
ing recent, and the acts and discussions which led
to its adoption fresh in the minds of a.11, that Ad-
ministration, of all others, must be supposed to
have been best informed as to its objccts and its
meaning. If entertaining similar views, and act-
ing in harmony with the acts and opinions of al-
most every Democratic President and Democratic
Congress, does not constitute political orthodoxy
in the matter before us, I fancy any effort to erect
a creed which can be so considered, must fail. The
truth is, the opponents of the bill upon this side
of the House, fearing they cannot defeat it upon
fair argumentative grounds, wish to interpolate op-
position to it into the Democratic creed, and hope
thereby, by making it a party question, to increase
the chances of its defeat. I no more recognize
their right to make this interpolation than I do that
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
as demanded in his recent speech, to ingraft upon
our creed the principle of express protection by
the General Government of negro property in an
our Territories.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly, I expect the party
to adopt that principle.
Mr. FITCH. No, sir, no sooner than they
will adopt the principle of total abolition of that
property in the States where it now exists. Nor
will denunciation of those who will not submit to
such interpolations', strengthen the hands of those
attempting them. The Democratic opponents of
this bill, to sustain their orthodoxy, have alluded
to Mr. Polk's veto. To sustain thatof its Demo-
cratic friends, I will call attention to the vote on
the passage of the same bill thus vetoed. In the
Senate, amonj* those who voted for the bill I find
the names of Messrs. Allen, Benton, Breese, Cass,
Dickinson, Dix, Hannegan, Rusk, and Sevier.
Will any one venture to question the Democracy
of these men ?—men recognized, not only by their
own party, but by the nation and the world as
not merely Democrats, but statesmen eminent for
talent and patriotism—for their integrity, and the
sincerity with which they have advocated their
country's best interests. I want no better politi-
cal indorsers,and would not exchange one of them
for one half—no, nor for three fourths of the op-
ponents in this House of the bill now before us.
This vote, and the " record" for years past, show
conclusively what are the landmarks and prin-
ciples of tne Democratic, party. And those of
the party who oppose the right involved in this bill,
and have thereby bolted their party'' landmarks and
principles," shall not divert attention from their
own erratic course by any cry of " Stop thief!"
Of all the opposition to this bill, that which
comes from my own section of country surprises
me most—appears the most unnatural. Many of _
my own colleagues oppose it. Their reasons I
know not. Doubtless they have reasons as satis-
factory to themselves, as are mine to my own
mind for its support. With Lake Michigan upon
our north, the Ohio upon our south, Lake Erie
but a short distance from our eastern border, and
all of these the frequent scenes of disasters involv-
ing immense loss of life and property, and with
our railroads and canals pointing to all—has Indi-
ana no interest in the bill? Justice to our constit-
uents and their interests dictate, it seems to me,
and the welfare of the whole country justifies, our
support of the bill; while, at the same time, there
is no party principle involved to forbid such-sup-
port; for the bill does not contemplate a general
system of internal improvements. What i* meant
by a general system of internal improvements, we
of Indiana well know, and have been well taught
,by experience the evils of such system, whether
undertaken by State or General Government. But.
this bill contemplates no roads, no canals, no arti-
ficial channels of trade of any kind.
