164
31st Cong 2d Sr.ss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ilivers and Harbors—Mr. Fitch.
[Feb. 14,
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. GORMAN, (interrupting, and Mr. Fitch
giv.ng w.iv.) While my friend has referred to
some of his colleagues, and has rend the names of
several distinguished Senators as having \oted for
a certain bill, I trust my friend will do justice to
all by stating to the House that the bill, to the
Senate vote on which he referred, was a separate
. bill f>r a particular and specific object. Mr. Dix,
of New "Vork, introduced thirty-two different b'lls
for different ob|eets of internal improvement, and
it was one of these bills upon which this vote was
taken. If my colleague will introduce thirty-two
ditlerent bills for mors and harbors, I should most
probably find some for which 1 would vole,
Mr. FITCH. I was not aware of the intro-
duction by Mr. Dix, or any one else, of the thirty-
two bills which my colleague mentions. I cannot
state, as my colleague desires, that the bill, to the
Senate vote on which I have alluded, was one of
the thirty-two bills he mentions, because such is
not the case.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman [Mr. Gor-
miv] has entirely misapprehended. There were
no such thirty-two bills reported as the gentleman
has referred to. The vote which his colleague
[Mr. Fitcii] mentioned was on the usual river and
harbor bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I know the fact that Mr.
Dix did introduce thirty-two separate bills, con-
taining appropriations for different objects, each
one.
Mr. McLANE. The issue which the gentle-
man [Mr. Gorman] wishes to make with his col-
league is upon a single vote recorded upon the
Senate journal. It is the vote upon the river and
harbor bill. The vote read by the gentleman
from Indiana, on my right, [Mr. Fitch,] was a
vote upon the entire river and harbor bill. The
bill upon which that vote was taken constituted
three fourths of the bill which is now upon the
Clerk's desk, and it was the bill which Mr. Polk
vetoed.
Mr. FITCH. I was aware of that. But, Mr.
Chairman, supposing it had been a separate bill
for a separate work, my colleague says that he !
might vote for some of such separate bills. The 1
principle, the right—and it is for that I am con-
tending—would be the same. The difference in
principle between appropriations for different ob-
jects of the same character grouped in one bill,
and separate appropriations for the same works
in separate bills, is much like the difference be-
tween tweedle dee and tweedle dum.
In connection with other reasons which might
govern Indiana's Representatives, is a resolution
adopted by the last Democratic State convention
for the nomination of State officers. They regard-
ed " the improvement of our lakes, harbors' and
western rivers, and the tributaries of the great
western lakes, as proper subjects for the actfon and
fostering care of the General Government." We
have no reason to doubt their sincerity in adopting
this resolution, and no right to question their De-
mocracy. The same resolution was adopted by
the convention which nominated me to the seat
which I now kold; and were there no other reason
•for votinjj appropriations for improvement of the
commercial channels mentioned, I should deem
myself bound to represent the wishes of my con-
stituents, as proclaimed in that convention. Per-
haps the past action of Indiana's Representatives
upon this floor relative to this subject may not
have reflected the will and wishes of our State;
but, if not, ourselves and our fellow-citizens have
singularly neglected to make kncwn the fact. If
tneir action was a true reflection of the sentiments
of those who are now our constituents, why should
our action be different.' No change adverse to
former action upon this river and harbor question
has occurred; or, if it has, the change is unknown
to me. Let us see, then, \vhathave been the votes
of our predecessors. On the 28th February, 1845,
a river and harbor bill passed the House, every
member from Indiana voting in the affirmative!
Eight of the ten were Democrats; and any attempt
to Question their Democracy will meet with but
feeble response from Indiana. It is rare that any
otate, in the same number of Representatives, can
boast of more talent than Indiana then possessed
floor. Amongthem were Davis, Ken-
y, Owen, Pq^it, and vVri^ht. The rivtr and
harbor bill, the veto of which by Mr. I'olk has
been made matter of such gratulation by the oppo-
nents of the bill now before us, passed the House
20th .March, 184G. Six of Indiana's Representa-
tives voted for it—one against it. One (Mr. Davis)
was the presiding officer, and two did not vote.
Later still, (December, 1847,) bn a resolution de-
claring the existence of the power to make these
appropriations, but uiie negative vote trom Indi-
ana is recorded.
The West contributes more than its proportion-
ate share to the National Treasury. And what is
our return: With the exception of now and then
a grant of land grudgingly (toled to us, with some
condition annexed by which the .National Treas-
ury is guarded from loss, in what does our share
consist: We ask no "fortifications." They are
found in the hearts and rifles of our constituents.
They are ever ready to
* * "join their hearts, and with their licnrta their hands.
That no dissension hinder Government.
We have no expenditures for splendid "custom-
houses," "post offices," "mail steamers," nor
" Branch Mints:" and shall we not have the pit-
tance this bill offers, to improve our lakes and riv-
ers, those noble channels of commerce which have
made our States what they are, and added their
millions to the wealth of the whole country? And
yet we ask it not as an expenditure for local ben-
efits. The whole country is interested—the North,
• South, East, and West are the objects of the bill.
W hatever adds safety to the lake navigation ben-
efits New York, Boston, and New Orleans, for
they are the entrepots for our products. What-
ever improves the Mississippi and Ohio, benefits
New Orleans at one extreme, Pittsburg, Baltimore,
and Philadelphia at the other.
Mr. ALBERTSON, (interrupting.) I wish to
ask my colleague a question. What is the amount
of appropriation in the bill for the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers; and to get that small pittance what
amount do we vote to other sections ?
Mr. FITCH. To the Ohio and Mississippi are
appropriated some $350,000; and the aggregate
sum appropriated by the bill is somewhere near
$2,000,000.
Mr. ALBERTSON. Is any fair proportion of
that for the improvement of the Ohio river ? Is
not #50,000 of it intended for the river and harbor
at St. Louis ?
Mr. FITCH. I have examined the details of
the bill more fully than my colleague appears to
have done. The appropriation which it contem-
plates for that portion of the Ohio in which his
constituents are directly interested is near §120,000.
This is a large proportion for one river. Is the
opposition of my colleague (for 1 understand him
to be opposed to the bill) a matter of price—of
dollars and cents—as his questions would indi-
cate: ^ It so, his motiyes are different from mine.
The bill appropriates but $30,000 to the only har-
bor Indiana has on the Lakes. But it is not for
that $30,000 I am contending; neither shall I op-
pose the bill because the appropriation is not
larger, as, in justice, it certainly should be. It is
the principle for which I am contending, and prin-
ciple should not be kept in market at any price. If
the present appropriation for the Ohio is not suf-
ficient, let the right, the principle involved be rec-
ognized, and appropriations can subsequently, as
the national finances permit, be increased to the
extent demanded by obstructions to the navigation
of the river. That there are no objectionable fea-
tures in this bill, I am not prepared to say. There
doubtless are such. No one, in my judgment,
should vote against a bill of this character, unless
for some better reason than the fact that not hav-
ing personal knowledge of the necessity of all its
items, lie/ears some of them may not be absolutely
essential to the national prosperity. It was v.*ell said
by a former committee of Congress that "it would
doubtless be better that an occasional error should
occur in favor of some subordinate or unimoortant
improv einent, than that our whole commerce be
exposed to peril and left without protection."
Having no_ personal knowledge of the extent of
commerce, in parts of our widely-extended Union
remote from my own section, I will not assume to
say whethei or not every river and harbor em-
braced in this bill is such as to constitute it na-
tional; whether or not the eemmeroe of all requires :
and deserves the fostering care of Government to
remove accidental obstructions, or afford safe har-
bors. I can no more judge of these things than
can those members living m other remote sections
■know or judge of my own. From the very nature
of our Government, and the extent of our country
and diversity ot its interests, we must necessarily
rely upon each other, and the Departments, and
our committees, for the information upon which
much of our legislative action is based. The bill
before us is bastd upon estimates from the proper
Departments, having all the means of necessary in-
forniatton. It is framed by and reported from the
regular standing committee of the House, to which
all matters rela' uig to commerce are referred. Com-
ing before us under such circumstances, the man
must have an overweening opinion of his own
knowledge and sagacity, who will cavil at its de-
tails, or oppose it because, in his opinion, some of
its items are too large or too small. So long as its
aggregate keeps within such moderate limits as
similar acts heretofore passed indic ate; and there
is no war or other existing condition of the nation
or Treasury to forbid its passage, the only ques-
tion to be settled in relation to it, in my mind, is
the principle involved—the right to make any ap-
propriations for the objects contemplated. I am
clearly satisfied of that right.
Mr. AVERETT, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him to draw the dis-
tinction between the general system of internal
improvements which was denounced by the Balti-
more platform, and a system made up of parts
put together as in this bill ?
Mr. FITCH. I have answered the question
before it was asked; but will answer it again with
pleasure. I have traced the origin of the opposi-
tion to a general system of internal improvements;
and stated what that system was—proposing as
it did, canals, and including roads like the Mays-
ville turnpike. The very phraseology of the Bal-
timore platform clearly marks the distinction they
drew. A general system, must be a system in-
cluding the whole class or order of works which
can come under the head of internal improvements.
A general system comprehends all, in contradis-
tinction of a special or partial one. It is to be pre-
sumed that other political bodies as well understand
the meaning of words, and can use them as ap-
propriately as Congress. A general system, then,
would embrace roads and canals, and slack-water
navigation. There are no such works contem-
plated in this bill. On the contrary, it provides
only for improvement of those great channels
which nature and nature's God has given us, by
" id-
removal of accidental obstructions, and such ad-
ditional works as may be necessary to . render
harbors safe. The great commercial channels are
, by law exclusively under the superintendence of
the General Government. You will not permit
the individual States to control them, and lay
tonnage duties for their improvement; you will
not permit individuals or associations to improve
them and collect toll, because they are national
highways, which you esteem it unsafe to in  ust
either to States or individuals. And yet you
declare that the General Government must not,
and cannot of right, improve and render them safe.
; Such policy is a practical illustration of a fable
which the opponents of this bill may read, per-
haps, with some benefit.
The amount of expenditure contemplated by the
bill is urged as an objection to it. The amount, as
compared with that appropriated by previous bills
of the same character, and the importance of the
interests, for which it is to be expended, is small.
But even were it larger proportionally than usual,
that should be the last objection urged by the op-
ponents of the bill. It is a maxim in law, I be-
lieve, that a man shall not avail himself of his own
wrong. The same law should hold good in politics.
If it did, the opponents of the bill would be de-
barred any objection of this kind. It has been in
consequence of their efforts that no appropriation
for rivers and harbors has been made for ten years
past. When the last appropriation was exhaust-
ed, a number of harbors were nearly completed.
Timber, and other materials to a large amount, were
collected for completion or further prosecution of
the works. Snag boats and other necessaries for
clearing obstructions from the rivers were then
on hand and in good condition. A small addi-
