1G6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Gorman.
Ho. of Reps.
them to do without pledges; while northern gentle-
men have made pledges that will be repudiated
with scorn and derision by their constituencies,
however kept and fulfilled by themselves. There
does not, therefore, seem to be mutuality of in-
terest between the parties, nor does it seem quite
clear that the contract is predicated upon such con-
sideration as to make it valid. As this, however,
is presumed to be a defence which these gentlemen
will not raise for themselves, and can only be made
available on an appeal to the country, it might
with propriety be suggested that they have leave to
plead duress, in order that they may avoid the per-
formance of what will be to them a hard contract. I
Let it be borne in mind, too, that while the
northern parties bind themselves to resist all at-
tempts to keep slavery out of New Mexico and
Utah, there is no restraint imposed on thesouthern ,
parties against their laboring to legalize slavery
there, or to add additional slave territory to the j
Union. The contract in these words: |
" The undersigned, members of the Thirty-first Congress
of the United States, believing that a renewal oi sec-
tional controversy upon the subject of slavery would be
both dangerous to the Union and destructive of its objects,
and seeing no mode by which such controversy can be
avoided except by a strict adherence to the settlement
thereof effected by the compromise acts passed at the last
session of Congress, do hereby declare their intention
to maintain the said settlement inviolate, and to resist all
attempts to repeal or alter the acts aforesaid, unless by the
general consent of the friends of the measures, and to rem-
edy such evils if any, as time and experience may develop.
And, for the purpose of making this resolution effective,
they further declare that they will not support for the
office of President or of Vice President, or of Senator or
of Representative in Congress, or as member of a State
Legislature, any man, of whatever party, who is not known
to be opposed to the disturbance of the settlement aforesaid,
and to the renewal, in any form, of agitation upon the sub-
ject of slavery."
Now, sir, suppose, contrary to the prediction
of those who opposed the incorporation of the
Wilmot proviso into the acts establishing territo-
rial governments in New Mexico and Utah, on
the ground that slavery could never go there, that
slavery is creeping into either of those Territories,
and that the adoption of the proviso has become
necessary to preserve it to freedom. Who does not
see that the northern men who have signed this
paper must not only resist every attempt to pro-
hibit slavery there, but that they must oppose the
election of those who might be in favor of pre-
serving it free from its curse ? In the organization
of governments for these Territories at the last i
session of Congress, the South demanded that it i
should be without the proviso. The North yielded,
and no restriction or inhibition of slavery was
made. These measures are, therefore, part of the '
"compromise acts" which are not to be dis-1
turbed; and the case put, according to recent in-
telligence from New Mexico, is not likely to be
one of supposition merely. An intelligent cor-
respondent of a newspaper printed in this city,
writing from Santa Fe, under date of November
20, 1850, says:
"H.N. Smith has been very much afflicted with the ery-
sypelas since his return, but is now convalescent. It is
thought, by tome of the knowing ones here, that his oppo-
sition to the introduction of slavery into this Territory ab-
stracted largely from the number of votes that would have
been in his favor in the recent election. i am informed
• that there is a much stronger disposition, among leading
men here, in favor of slavery, than was suspected some
time since. There will no doubt he a vigorous effort made to
repeal the law of God which Mr. Webster has been kindly
helping Providence to enact for the security of this Terri-
tory. Whether the effort should succeed, is a matter for
future trial. Partially, it has succeeded already, and there
are now, as nearly as I can ascertain, some twenty or thirty-
negro slaves held in tiiis Territory, notwithstanding the Di-
vine prohibitory enactment m which Mr. Webster expressed
«o much confidence. If we shall succeed in consecrating
this Territory to freedom, we shall certainly feel very thank-
ful to God for it, but feel under no particular obligations to
Messrs. Webster, Cass, etidomne genus."
Here, then, it will be seen that slavery is likely
to overrun this country unless prohibited by a sup-
plemental enactment; and yet the stipulation not
only forbids northern men, who have heretofore
declared themselves to be opposed to the extension
of slavery, from supporting such an enactment,
but it makes them say, with becoming humility
and self-abasement, that they believe "a renewal
of sectional controversy upon the subject of sla-
very would be both dangerous to the Union and
destructive of its objects." Sir, has it come to
this, that slavery extension shall not be opposed
because it will be a renewal of sectional contro-
versy ? Is the peSce of the country alone to be
preserved by a surrender to slavery of this large
territory ? Is the Union alone to be maintained on
such infamous terms as these ?
These are weighty and important questions—
questions that cannot well be answered here by in-
dividual pledges. They affect a nation's welfare
—they concern the independence and honor of a
large majority of the people of this country; and
there will be found to be a power elsewhere
"higher" than Congressional pledges, that will
make itself felt and understood before they shall
be settled against human liberty and the rights of
that majority.
I cannot, therefore, doubt that all bargains,
agreements, and pledges, of whatever name or char-
acter, that may be made here with a view of en-
forcing respect for the fugitive slave law, and
binding the northern people to submit without
complaint to the further extension of slavery, will
most signally fail of their object, while that people
' will continue to speak for themselves, disregarding
the intimidations of those who threaten disunion,
as well as holding in contempt the pledges of those
who profess to fear it.
Mr. JONES obtained the floor, but yielded it to
MrMJOKEE, who said: I will not trespass much
; on my friend's time. I merely wish to say that 1
regret that my colleague should, on an occasion
like this, have thought it his duty to call in ques-
tion the action of those associated with him, as the
Representatives on this floor from the State of New
York. Sir, I stand here (and I am proud to own
it) as one of the signers of that pledge, who have
been assailed by my colleague. I am ready to
abide by that pledge; and in signing it, I acted
only in compliance with a sense of duty.
Sir, I repeat again, that I am surprised that my
j colleague, for whom I entertain so much respect,
should have been led to assail any portion of his
associates from the State of New York.
Mr. CONGER, (interposing.) I hope my col-
league will bear with me fora moment, to allow me
to say, that I have assailed nobody, and that it has
not been my purpose to assail anybody—not even
those who may have signed the pledge to which
I have referred. I have felt free to comment, it
is true, upon that pledge, for the reason that it
has been circulated through this Hall, from aisle
to aisle, aye, and from desk to desk too, for several ;
days during this session. I have therefore, I say,
felt free to comment upon it, as a part of the his- j
tory of the times; and I have aimed to do so in a
spirit of kindness—in a spirit of entire respect to-
wards those gentlemen who signed it.
Mr. BOKEE. I have only to say in reply, that
while the honorable gentleman from theCayugadis-
trict of my State is incapable, I believe, of misrep-
resenting any one, (and I say it with great cheer-
fulness,) yet he has taken occasion to sit in
judgment on the actions of his own colleagues, and
has ventured the opinion here, that those who
have signed that pledge will be repudiated by their
constituents. He has taken occasion to revert to
his own course of proceeding, and to say, that
his own people only have a right to sit in judg-
ment upon him; ana while I agree with him in
that, I deny his right to rise on this floor and to
impute, as I understand him to have done, motives
to me, and expressing the opinion that my own
constituents will not sustain me. Nor shall I be
deterred from the expression of my opinions even
by the question that was put to my colleague, in
a taunting manner, by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings:] " Would you turn out to hunt
the fugitive slaver" If the question was put to me,
I should say, that I would rather turn out to catch
the parties who would incite to a resistance to the
law, than to catch the fugitive slave.
Mr. CONGER. I trust my colleague will bear
with me again. He has misunderstood what I
said. I did not say that those who signed that
pledge would be repudiated by their constituents,
but I said that the pledge would be repudiated by
the northern people; and I believe it. I do not
pretend to say, I have not a right to say, that the
constituency of my colleague will not sustain him
in the course that he is taking. I did not under-
take to say that, nor did I hear the question of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.]
Air. BOKjEE. I admit that my colleague has
a full right to put any construction he pleases upon
that pledge, and probably he does not go far astray
| in his opinion. But I deny that construction of
[ it, that when we signed it we pledged ourselve
! to resist any attempt to approve of the extension
: of slavery into the Territories. Sir, I take this
position: I signed that pledge considering these
questions as settled questions; I considered that,
whilst gentlemen might have a difference of opin-
ion on a particular measure, yet that on the whole,
the measures of the last session were compromise
measures. I looked upon it as an entire settlement
of the question, and therefore that a continuation
of the agitation we were bound to oppose. That
is my construction of the pledge.
Mr. GIDDINGS (Mr. Jones still yielding the
floor) said: I find myself very unexpectedly allu-
ded to by the gentleman from New York on my
right, [Mr. Bokee.] The gentleman to whom I
addressed an interrogatory in an under tone was
the gentleman from New York, his colleague, [Mr.
Conger,] and not to him, [Mr. Bokee.] I hap-
pened to sit between them. I had not addressed
the gentleman from New York who now takes the
liberty of dragging me into this debate. I deny
his right (p do that. He has a right to stand up
and say that he is willing to catch the negro, to
give chase to the panting fugitive, to seize him and
to put irons upon his trembling limbs, and drag
him back to bondage. I am willing that he should
rise here before the country and before the world,
and boast that he is willing to play the blood-hound,
and boast that he lias constituents who are willing
to play the blood-hound. That is a matter be-
tween him and his constituents; between him and
the public; between him and his conscience; be-
tween him and his God. But he has no right to
draw me into this controversy between him and
his colleague.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. A. GORMAN,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
Saturday, February 15, 1851,
Against Appropriations for Internal Improvements
by the General Government.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Meade in the chair,) on the bill making
appropriations for tile improvement of Rivers and Har-
bors—
Mr. GORMAN said:
Mr. Chairman: "That government is best,
which governs least." And that party in politics
is safest for the welfare of the country which stands
most firmly to " a strict construction of the Con-
stitution, and a non-user of all doubtful powers."
And I do not hesitate to say, that all the shocks
that our political system has experienced, from the
adoption of the Federal Constitution down to the
present day, can be traced to a departure from this
republican rule of strict construction. The Demo-
cratic-Republican party have always held to the
doctrine, that the National Government should
collect no more revenue, either directly or indi-
rectly, than was necessary to an economical ad-
ministration of its affairs. The power of appro-
priating money out of the National Treasury for
purposes of internal improvement of any kind,
was never exercised, nor even claimed, by any one
for thirty years after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion in 1789.
Small appropriations began to be made in the
year 18*21, and increased gradually until the year
1825, under the administration of John Glumcy
Adams, when the flood-gates of extravagant expen-
ditures were thrown open, the doctrine of " non-
user of doubtful powers was trampled down, and
the most latitudinous construction adopted. Ex-
tensive surveys of roads and canals were ordered,
in such directions and to such points as the Presi-
dent might think of a national character. But the
power to make improvements by the General
Government out of the public Treasury has ber-n
so thoroughly and satisfactorily discussed by the
honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
that but for the fact that our respective remarks
will be read by a very different constituency, I
would stop that part ot my remarks at this point.
To show the steady uniformity of opinion on this
subject by all the Republican Presidents since and
including Jefferson, I propose to read a few brief
