1851.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Gorman.
Ho. of Reps.
extracts from the records which they hare left, aa
guides to their posterity.
President Jefferson, in his Message to Congress
in 1806, recommended an amendment to the Con-
stitution, with a view to apply tire snrplus which
misrht accumulate in the Treasury, for purposes
of " education, roads, canals, rivers, and such
* other objects of public improvement as it may be
* thought proper to add to the constitutional enu-
' meration of the Federal powers."
And in continuation of this subject he says: " I
* suppose an amendment to the Constitution, by
' the consent of the States, necessary, because the
* objects now recommended are not among those
* enumerated in the Constitution, and to which it
' permits the public moneys to be applied." And
again, it will be remembered that in 1825 he re-
peated, in the most public manner, through his
published letters, that " no such power had been
conferred," That Mr. Jefferson held these opin-
ions through all his political career, and until his
death, no one will pretend to deny.
President Madison, in assigning his objections
to a bin for internal improvement, on the 3d day
of March, 1817, declares that, "the power to reg-
* ulate commerce among the several States cannot
4 include a power to construct roads and canals,
* and to improve the navigation qf water courses, in
' order to facilitate, promote, and secure such a
' commerce, without a latitude of construction de-
' parting from the ordinary import of the terms,
* strengthened by the known inconveniences which
* doubtless led to the grant of this remedial power
1 to Congress."
President Jackson, after his veto of the Mays-
ville road bill, followed up that course of policy
against this system until lie vetoed— ;
" Act making appropriations for building light houses, I
Hght-boals, beacons and monuments placing buoys, im- I
proving harbors, and directing purveys"An act authoriz- 1
Ing subscriptions for stock in the Louisville and Portland 1
Canal Company" An act for the improvement of certain i
harbors and the navigation of certain river* and, finally,1
" An act to improve the navigation of the Wabash river."
The clause of the Constitution from which the
advocates of internal improvements by the Gen*
er&l Government derive, or profess most generally
to derive, the power to appropriate money outr of
the National Treasury for such purposes, is in
these words?
"Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with
foreign powers, and among the several States, and with the
Indian tribes."
The whole power must, therefore, depend on
the meaning and import of the word "regulate."
If that word means to " facilitate," or " increase,"
or "create," then some plausibility may be at-
tached to the reasoning of the friends of this bill.
But no such meaning can, or ever has been given
to the word, except by the politicians of the old
Federal school, who generally assumed that the
General Government could do everything that the
majority thought expedient, convenient,or useful.
The words "regulate commerce," I suppose,
means, to give order, rule, &c. Commerce is not
wholly national. It is generally confined to indi-
vidual enterprise. If, therefore, the word means
to "create" or u facilitate," you have no stopping
place. You then can make canals or railroads,
for each facilitates commerce, by giving the means
of ready and cheap transportation to goods and
other merchandise from one place to another. But
it may not be amiss to see the reason that was
urged by the framers of the Constitution for
adopting this clause' " to regulate commerce with
foreign nations, and among the several States, and
with the Indian tribes."
President Monroe, in his veto message in 1822,
of the internal improvement bill, gives the reason
for adopting this clause in the Constitution, as fol-
lows:
" Commerce between independent powers or communi-
ties is universally regulated by duties and imposts. It was
so regulated by the States before the adoption of this Con-
stitution, equally in respect to each other and to foreign
powers. The goods and vessels employed in the trade are
the only subjects of regulation. It can acton none other.
A power, then, to impose such duties and imposts, in re-
gard to foreign nations, and to prevent any on the trade be-
tween the States, was the only power granted.
" If we recur to the causes which produced the adoption
of this Constitution, we shall find that injuries resulting
from the regulation of the trade, by the States respectively,
and the advantages anticipated from the transfer of the
power to Congress, were among those which had the most
weight. Instead of acting as a nation in regard to foreign
powers, the States, individually, had commenced a system
of restraint on each other, whereby the interests of foreign
powers were promoted at their expense. If one State im-
posed hijrh duties on the goods or vessels of a foreign power,
to countervail the regulations of such power, the next ad-
joining States imposed lighter duties to invite those articles
into their ports, that they might be transferred thence into
the other States, securing the duties to themselves. This
contracted policy in some of the States was soon counter-
acted by others. Restraints were immediately laid on snch
commerce by the suffering States, and thus had grown up |
a state of affairs disorderly and unnatural, the tendency of
which was to destroy the Union itself, and with it all hope
of realising those blessings which we had anticipated from
die glorious revolution,which had been so recently achieved. !
From this deplorable dilemma, or rather certain ruin, we
were happily rescued by the adoption of the Constitution.
u Among the first and most important effects of this great
revolution, was the complete abolition of this pernicious
policy. The States were brought together by the Constitu-
tion, as to commerce, into one community, equally, in re-
gard to foreign nations and each other. The regulations
that were adopted regarded us, in both respects, as one peo-
ple. The duties and imposts that were laid on the vessels ,
and merchandise of foreign nations, were all uniform ;
. throughout the United Suites; and in the intercourse be-
tween the States themselves, no duties of auy kind were
imposed, other than between different ports and countries
within the same State.
" This view is supported by a series of measures, all of a
marked character, preceding the adoption of the Constitu-
tion. As early as the year 1781, Congress recommended it
to the States to vest in the United States, a power to levy a
duty of five per cent, on all goods imported from foreign
countries into the United States, for the term of fifteen
years. In 1783, this recommendation, with alterations as to
the kind of duties, and an extension of this term to twenty-
five years, was repeated and more earnestly urged. In 1784,
, it was recommended to the States to authorise Congress to
prohibit, under certain modifications, the importation of
goods from foreign powers into the United States, for fifteen
years. In 1785, the consideration of the subject was re- i
sumed, and a proposition presented in a new form, with an j
address to the States, explaining fully the principles on
which a grant of the power to regulate trade was deemed
indispensable. In 1786, a meeting took place at Annapolis, j
of Delegates from several of the States, on this subject; '
ami, on their report, the Convention was formed at Phila-
delphia the ensuing year, from all the States, to whose de 1
liberations we are indebted for the present Constitution.
" In none of these measures was the subject of internal
improvement mentioned, or even glanced at. Those of
1784, >85, '86, and *87, leading step by step to the adoption
of the Constitution, had in view only the obtaining of a
power to enable Congress to regulate trade with foreign
powers. It is manifest that the regulation of trade with the
several States was altogether a secondary object suggested
by and adopted in connection with the other. If the power
, [ necessary to this system of improvement is included un-
!1 der either branch of this grant, I should suppose that it
' | was the first rather than the second. The pretension to it,
1: however, under that branch, has never been set up. In sup-
, | port of the claim under the second, no reason has been as-
signed which appears to have the least weight."
! Mr. Polk, in his veto message of the river and
| harbor bill, in 1847, which bill was almost identical
| with the one now under consideration, except that
i this one is larger, and less demanded by the neces-
< j sity of the case, says:
i "This power to regulate commerce was.construed and
! exercised immediately after the adoption of the Constitu-
' tion, and has been exercised to the present day, by prescrib-
ing general rules by which commerce should be conducted.
With foreign nations it has been regulated by treaties, defin-
; ing the rights of citizens and subjects, as well as by acts of
Congress, imposing duties and restrictions, embracing ves-
i sels, seamen, cargoes, and pftssengers. It has been regu-
I lated among the States by acts of Congress, relating to the
coasting trade and the vessels employed therein, and for the
! better security of passengers in vessels propelled by steam,.
j and by the removal of all restrictions upon internal trade. It
, has been regulated with the Indian tribes by our intercourse
' laws, prescribing the manner in which itshall be carried on.
I Thus each branch of this grant of power was exercised soon
' after the adoption of the Constitution, and has continued to
be exercised to the present day. If a more extended con-
! struction be adopted, it is impossible for the human mind to
I fix on a limit to the exercise of the power* other than the
will and discretion of Congress.
| " It sweeps into the vortex of national power and juris-
; diction, not only harbors and inlets, rivers and little streams,
i • but canals, turnpikes, and railroads, every species of im-
■ ■ provement which can facilitate or create trade and inter-
course ' with foreign nations, among the several States and
with the Indian tribes.5"
I Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope no Democrat wants
| any higher authority, or more satisfactory reason-
. i ing, than is given by these great lights of the Re-
I publican party against the existence of this power
,• to take money out of the Treasury for such ob-
i jects. But if he does, let him turn to the history
t of the Convention which framed the Constitution,
and there he will find that a proposition was made
j to give Congress the power to " cut canals when
, | deemed necessary." This was rejected by a vote
of eight States to three, and for thirty years there-
| afler no one claimed that any such power as is
,j necessary to give constitutional authority to this
• I bill had been granted in that instrument.
| But, Mr. Chairman, I cannot show the enormi-
ty of this bill, or its corrupting influences better
than to give the whole bill as it was reported. It
is as follows:
A BILL making appropriations for the improvement of cer-
tain Harbors and Rivers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United State* of America in Congress assembled,
That a sum of money be, and the same is hereby appropria-
ted, to be[paid out of any unappropriated money iu the Treas-
ury sufficient for the following purposes, viz:
For a breakwater structure at die harbor at Burlington,
on Lake Champlain, #15,000.
For a breakwater structure at the harbor at Plattsburg,
on Lake Champlain, #15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at White Hall, on
Lake Champlain, $10,000.
For repairs and working of dredge on Lake Champlain,
$9,000.
For improvement of the harbor at Port Ontario, on Lake
Ontario, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Oswego, on Lake
Ontario, $40,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Big
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Little
Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
Genesee river, on Lake Ontario, $90,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the moafh of Oak
Orchard Bay, on Lake Ontario, $10,500.
For a dredge boat on Lake Ontario, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at BufBUo, on Lake
Erie, and the repair and extension of the sea wall thereat,
$50,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Dunkirk, on Lake
Erie, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cattaraugus, on
Lake Erie, $15,000. .
For the improvement of the harbor at Erie, on Lake Erie,
$40,000.
For fiie improvement of the barber at Cowneaut, on Lake
Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Cunningham's Bay,
on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Ashtabula, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at toe mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Erie, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor aft Cleveland, on Lake
Brie, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, on LafcftErie, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Ver-
milion river, on Lake Erie, $10,000. *
For the improvement of five harbor at Huron, on Lake
i Erie, $6,000.
i For the improvement of the harbor at Sandusky, on Lake
; Erie, $30,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Monroe, on Lake
1 Erie, £20,000.
I For a dredge boat for Lake Erie. $20,000.
I For the improvement of the harbor at Michigan City, on
1 Lake Michigan, $30,000.
i For tlie improvement of the harbor at Chicago, on Lake
! Michigan, $15,000.
f For a breakwater structure at the harbor of Waukegan,
1 on Lake Michigan, $15,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at St. Joseph, on Lake
' Michigan, $20,000.
! For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of the
' Kalamazoo river, on Lake Michigan, $10,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, on Lake Michigan. $10,000.
I Fortheimprovementof the harbor atMilwaukie,onLake
! Michigan, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Racine, on Lake
! Michigan, $10,000.
j For the improvement of the harbor at Southport, on Lake
Michigan, $15,000. _
For a dredge boat on Lake Michigan, $90,000.
For continuation of the surveys of the northern and north-
western Lakes, $25,000.
Tor the improvement of the harbor at Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, $00,000. n t .
Fortheimprovementof file harbor at St. Louis, on the
; Mississippi river, $50,000.
| For the improvement of the harbor at Havre de Grace, in
. Maryland, $20,000. ^ . __ „ . ,
! For a breakwater structure at Great Point, Nantucket,
II Massachusetts, $20,000. , _ _ ,
I For the improvement of the harbor, at New Bedford,
|' Massachusetts, $10,000# .  
For the improvement of the harbor at Provineetown,
I Massachusetts, $4,500. . ..
i, For the improvement of the harbor at Wilmington, North
I Carolina, and a resurvey of the Cape Fear river below
;! Wilmington, and for the survey of the harbor at the mouth
i' of New river, below Jacksonville, North Carolina, $10,000.
f For the improvement of the*harbor at Bridgeport, Con-
! necticut, $10,000.
, For the improvement of the haibor at Savannah, and
i the naval anchorage near Fort Pulaski, $50,000,
I For the construction of a breakwater strueture atBtam-
I ford Ledge, in the harbor at Portland, Maine, $20,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Falmouth, Massa-
chusetts, between Buzzard's Bay and Vinyard Sound,
r'or the improvement of the harbor at ^^videnee, and
the removal ef a rock in Saukonnet nver, Rhode Island,
$5,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at New Castle, Dela-
ware, $15,000. „ . * . , .
For the jmprovement of the harbor at Newark. New Jer-
sey, embracing the Bay of Newark, and the Kills wtM-
ward of the mouth of the Bay, $15,000.
