163
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31st Cong Sess.
liivtrs and Harbors—Mr. Gorman.
[Feb. 14,
ilo. of Rkps.
For the improvement of the harbor fit Port Venn, Dela- I'
ware, or Reedv at the discretion of the Secretary ;
ol' War, 85.W0.
For the completing of the removal of the sand shoal in
Pamlico river, Mow Washington, North Carolina, $5,000.
For the continuation of the Delaware breakwater.
For the improvement and Airther Mirvev of the harbor at
Baltimore City, below the Port Warden's tone. and the
Patap^co river, from the >aid Port Warden's line to the
month of said nver. $*.20,000.
For the repair ami preservation of the harbors on the coast
of the .Atlantic ocean, £*.?0.000.
For the removal of obstructions to the navigation of the
Hudson river, above and below Albany, .$75,000.
For the removal ot the obstructions to the navigation of
the St. Clair nver, connecting the upper and lower Lake.*,
$40,000.
For the improvement of the Oiiio river above the Falls at
Louisville, <fc?0,000.
For the improvement of the Missisai ppf river, the Ohio
river below the Falls at Louisville, and the Missouri and
Atcransas rivers, ,<$340,000.
For the improvement of the Red river, .<*80.000.
For the repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland
Island, in the Ohio river. $50,000.
Forthe improvement of the harbor at dt&infnrd, Connect
ticut, j®o,000.
Forthe improvement of the Hof-Island channel, in the
harbor at Charloton. South Carolina, $35,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Mamtovrac, in the
State of Wisconsin, *10.000.
For the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, in the
State of Wisconsin, £10.000.
For the improvement of the upper and lower rapids of
the Mississippi nver, $50,000.
For the improvement of the Hnrlgate channel, in New
York harbor, .-$30,000.
For the removal of rocks ob*tructfn* the navigation of
Cobscock Bay, near Fnll< Maud, below the Port of Pem-
broke, on the coast of Maine. -$5,000.
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Sag-
inaw river, in Saginaw Bay, on Lake Huron, ,910,000.
For the improvement of the Bayou La Fourche, in the 1
Mississippi nver. $35,000. 1
For the improvement and further survey of the harbor al I
the mouth of Clinton nver, on Lake St. Clair, in the State ' I
of Michigan, $10,000. j
For the improvement of the harbor at Pultneyville, in the i
State of New York, on Lake Ontario, $10,000. 1
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, in the State of Michigan, .$10,000.
For a survey of the harbor at Beaufort, North Carolina,
with an e«timate ofthe cost and advantages to said harbor, ,
of connecting the river Neu«e therewith, .$9,500.
For the survey of the Mississippi riverabove the Falls of
St. Anthony, forthe purpose of ascertaining what improve-
ments (and the expense thereof) can be made in the navi-
gation at Sauke and Pike rapid*, .<*5,000.
For completing the topographical and hy<frographical sur-
vey of the delta of the Mississippi river, together with addi- ,
tional surveys, having reference to die overflowing of the
Mississippi river, $30,000. '
For a survey of the harbor at Mobile, $5,000.
For surveying the entrance to Taunton harbor, Massa-
chusetts, $1,500.
For the improvement ami further survey of the harbor at
Richmond city, Virginia, and the James river from said
harbor to the mouth of said nver, #20.000.
For the construction of snag and dredge boats, and dis- 1
charging scows, for the removal of obstructions in the har-
bors on the coast of Texas, $50,000.
For the removal of Middle Rock, designated on the chart
as " Rocky Buoy," in the harbor of New Haven, Connecti-
cut, $6,000. !
It will be seen that this bill completely encircles '
the Union. It commences on the Atlantic border,
and goes to the northern lakes. Its friends find- :
ing that it had not vet sufficient merit or strength
to pass this body, they proceed to the northwestern
lakes. They again look to the interest it embraces,
and find its merits and strength not vet sufficient.
They pass down the Mississippi; still they find it
unable to drag itself through. They include the
Ohio, Missouri, Arkansas, Red river, and still its
fate is doubtful. They go to the Gulf, then travel
into Texas, then to the South, thence to Charles-
ton, thence to the place of beginning. Now it
has encircled all.
Now, sir, who believes that if this bill was sub-
divided into twenty bills, and each appropriation
made to depend upon its own merits, that it could
pass into a law? I presume that those who got it
up knew full well that such a bill could not pass,
unless it was all combined, and each member com-
pelled to swallow the whole or get none.
Mr.Chairman, I thought Indianians had learned
a lesson from this " log-rolling" system of legis-
lation. It was just such a bill that passed the
Legislature of my State in 183fi, adopting a gen-
eral system of internal improvement. First there
was proposed surveys for certain roads and canals.
That was intended, and had the desirpd effect, of
committing the State to the system. Next came
the proposition for a canal in the eastern part of
my State; that could not succeed unless its fortune
wa« linked with other sections. Next, the Madi-
son and Indianopolis railroad was added: not!|
strong enough yet. The New Albany and Vin-
cennes turnpike road was admitted into the bill:
not strong enough yet. The New Albany and
Lafayette road was included: lint strong enough
yet. A long canal was demanded and obtained,
running down the west fork of White river, called
the Central Canal: not strong enough yet. Several
more works were added, connecting and interlock-
ing the northern tier of counties with tins enormous
mammoth system. Then, sir, it had force enough
to pass itself. Then, sir, the voice of the sate
legislator was silenced in the general clamor of the
favored majority. The bill passed. Millions were
borrowed at heavy interest, as every dollar of the
money proposed to be appropriated by tins bill
must be; and at a time when your public debt
is between seventy-five and one hundred millions
of dollars. But still the works were commenced;
holes and ditches were cut, embankments thrown
up, engineers, under heavy pay, were seen at ■
nearly every cross-road, and but a few years
elapsed before the thunder-toned complaints of the
tax payers were heard; general discontent was
expressed—the cry of repeal and suspension was
heard from one end of the State to the other.
Others clamored for a classification, that these
works should go on one by one, and that the
people's money should not be expended, except on
one work at a time. Still sectional interest pre-
vailed, and each held to the whole in fear of losing
their pet work, until all fell with a tremendous
crash. The people stopped the taxes. The State
debt was now near $15,000,000; no interest was
paid for several years, but still accumulating with
alarming rapidity. The young Commonwealth
groaned under the enormous weight.
Repudiation and bad faith was charged upon
this young giant State. Her statesmen heard the
charge with shame and mortification; but could
only reply that she would yet meet all her liabili-
ties, which, after years of heavy taxation and
ruined credit her paralyzed energies and blasted
hopes, bejan to look up and revive, and finally,
by the indomitable energy of her people, and the
vast increase of her population and wealth, and a ,
grant of eight hundred thousand acres of land from
the General Government, she made an arrange-
ment with her creditors, that has finally brought
her out of this vortex of indebtedness, and placed [
her character on a firm and honorable basis. Such,
sir, is the picture of a State acting under precisely
the same circumstances, which asks the passage
of this log-rolling bill now before us.
This bill is not unlike my own State in one
other very important point. I mean that it is
beginning by asking surveys of harbors. It pro-
posesto appropriate $25,000 for continuation of sur-
veys of the northern and northwestern lakes. I ask
what object is there in this survey 7 Is it to find
out more places to give more money out of the
Treasury? It cannot 1^ for any other purpose.
Then, when a survey is ordered, the Government
is supposed to be committed to the work, and then
the cry is raised for more money to continue it. '
Again, this bill proposes a resurvey of the Cape
Fear river, below Wilmington,and forthe survey
 f the harbor at the mouth of New river, below
Jacksonville, North Carolina, and appropriates
$10,000. After this survey, and after your Gov-
ernment is committed to these works, you are to
be asked for $50,000 or $100,000 to construct
these harbors, and then $10,000 annually to im-
prove and repair this newly-made harbor; and so
goes the people's money.
Another item is for the improvement and fur-
ther survey of the harbor at Baltimore city and the
Patapsco river, &c., $20,000.
Only think of a proposition for a further survey,
at one of the oldest cities in the Union. Further
survey ! What next ? Why, of course a further
approjrriation of money from the Treasury. What
need is there of a survey if the report of the engi-
neer is not to be the basis of further appropria-
tions ?
But, Mr. Chairman, cast your eye down along
the items of this bill, and you see $10,000 appro-
priated for a further survey of the mouth of Clinton
river, on lake St. Clair; and $2,500 more for a
survey of the harbor at Beaufort, North Carolina,
with the view of connecting some river therewith,
i Another survey for the Mississippi, above the
fills of St. Anthony, to find out how much ex-
pense it will be to improve it, $,'>,000. -Then, in
future, you must be asked for more money! more
money!
Another survey of the delta of the Mississippi,
having reference to the overflowing of that rivpr,
$30,000. What is to be done do you suppose,
alter the engineer reports? Why, sir, an enor-
mous sum is to be demanded to stop this father
of Waters from overflowing. What else can bo
intended, and where is this extravagance to end?
But again: another survey of the harbor of Mo-
bile, $5,000.
Another survey for the harbor at Taunton, Mas-
sachusetts, $1,500.
Another/urMfr survey of the harbor at Rich-
mond, Virginia, and James river, $20,000.
It is enormous only to contemplate the millions
upon millions of money that this bill lays the
foundation for! It is the beginning of the same
species of extravagance that grew up under the
administration of John Q.uincy Adams, from 1824
to 1828, and which caused General Jackson to
exhibit the following remarkable demands, made
by the committees ofthe two Houses of Congress
during the first year of his administration. He
says:
'• The desire to embark the Federal Government in works
of internal improvement i>revailed, in the holiest degree,
during the first session of the first Congress tliat I had the
honor to meet in my present situation. When the bill au-
thorizing n subscription on the part of the United States for
stock in the May-ville and Lexington Turnpike Company
passed the two Houses, there had been reported by the
Committees on Fntrrnal Improvements bills containing ap-
propriations for such objects, exclusive of those for the
Cumberland road, and for harbors and light houses, to the
amount of about .^106,000,000. In this amount was inclu-
ded authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to subscribe
forthe stock of the different companies to a great extent,
and the residue was principally for the direct construction
of roads by this Government."
How forcibly does this exhibition of the accumu-
lating demands upon the Treasury for internal im-
provement warn us against opening the way to a
departure from the old rule of political action
founded upon "a strict construction of the Con-
stitution, and a "non-user of all doubtful pow-
eis."
But General Jackson put a stop to this extrava-
gance, and reversed the precedents that had been
set by some of his predecessors.
After the administration of Mr. Van Buren,
General Harrison came into power; and then
commenced again the clamor for internal improve-
ments by the General Government. His admin-
istration was but short, and Mr. Tyler succeeded;
and supposing that he would carry out their lati-
tudmarian construction doctrines, and charter
banks, increase tariff taxes on the people, and ex-
pend the people's money in extravagant expendi-
tures for internal improvements by the General Gov-
ernment, they passed a bill of the character now
before us, and Mr. Tyler vetoed them as fast as they
came to him for his signature. He had been
raised in the Jefferson school of politics. "He,
(to use a western phrase,) was the right horse, but
geared up in the wrong harness." Here tl*e
Whigs stopped—paused—looked surprised—won-
dered—and at last broke out into one loud, long
burst of indignation. They passed a bank bill,
another link in this chain of internal improvement.
Mr. Tyler vetoed that. They passed a law levy-
ing higher tariff taxes, and Mr. Tyler vetoed that.
Then they abandoned all hope of fastening their
policy or, the country, and let it sleep, until within
a few years they have revived the internal im-
provement fever by Chicago and St. Louis con-
ventions, at the jNorth and Southwest. These
sections were sought for the reason that the tide
of population and representation was supposed to
be tending in that direction. And the vote upon
this bill will prove, I fear, that they have invei-
gled into the meshes of their net some good and
true Democrats, who do not act with them—who
disapprove wholly of their policy—but have given
pledges which, although inconsistent with a strict
adherence to proper principles, they feel bound to
carry out in good faith. These Democrats
•' Know the right and approve it too.
Condemn the wrong, and yet the wrong pursue."
This system of appropriations arises from the
fact that many candidates for Congress yield to
the necessity of getting a small sectional and local
, interest enlisted in their behalf, rather than to stand
