1851.}
AWfiNDlX TO THE CONGKKBSION At, GLOBE.
16#
31st Cowe 2D Sess.
Rivers and Hrrtbors^Mr. Gorman.
Ho. of Reps.
on strict principle and be defeated. This -will al-
ways be the ease, to a greater or less extent, even
among the true and sound men of the Republican
party.
But R is the same principle or rule of action that
gave the Free-Soil party the only strength they had
or have. They held, like these local sections and
interests, a small vote—sometimes strong enough
to hold the balance of power in their owns hands;
and finding that they dictated the terms Of success
to both parties, and when once committed to them,
the opinions of one hundred men—reckless and
fenatical—overrode the voice of one hundred thou- ■
sand, where parties were nearly equally divided.
Thus their power and influence crept into the
counsels of States, and there controlled senatorial
elections to Congress, and from that to the counsels
of the Nation, and then they kindled a fire that
came nigh consuming the Government itself. Alt
this arose from a departure from a strict adherence
to principle in constitutional construction.
And, Mr. Chairman, it is on fortunately true «f
some of the supporters of this bill. They get a
few thousand dollars expended in their section,
and for this they are asked and compelled to vote
away to other sections millions. They dislike to
drink so deep, but necessity compels them either
to "drink deep or taste not."
But is,this tne time we should g<t into this system
of improving harbors and rivers? I think not.
And more fully to show this, I need Only refer to
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury [Mr. !
Corwbj,] December 16, 18SO. He says: j
Expenditures, actual and estimated, for the year !
ending'30th June, 1851 $63,853,597 50
Deduct Treasury notes fended,... 116,050 00
Total cash payments for 1851.. .$53,737,547 50
In the next place the public debt of the Govern-
ment at this time is estimated at about f 74,000,000.
Then if this bill passes, add tiro million more, will
make |76,000,0&.
At the same tittie it most be bom* in miiid that
the Secretary of the Treasury informs its that, ac-
cording to his estimates, tile revewie of the Gov-
ernment derivable from every source, will fall
short of meeting the annual expenditures of the
Government about kim nutHona of doUtm; add to
this, (shouM the so-called cheap postage bin now
before Congress become a law,) one and a half
million dollars snore to make up the deficiency in 1
the post office revenue, and the Government will be
compelled to borrow Upwards of ten million dol-
lars to meet our liabilities, or be forced to increase
the tariff, and thereby increase the burden en the '
agricultural interests of the West, Southwest, and '
South. Then, Mr. Chairman, if this internal im- ;
provement bill pass, every dollar will have to be ,
borrowed, at interest, or the tariff taxes increased.
Sir, I tell this committee that the country will take
the alarm, as they should do, when they see their ,
Representatives voting away millions fdr the im-
provement of rivers and harbors, and inlets, while !
the Government is paying interest on tin enormous
public debt of from $75,000,000 to $100,000,000,
and an annual and regular expenditure dfj
$55,000,000 more. Expenditures that are as heavy 1
as they were during the *rf with Mexico. Gen- I
tlemen may say that large sums Were expended for i
such objects under General Jackson's administra-
tion; but they should remember that the Govern- !
ment was out of debt and had a large surplus,
which was finally distributed among the States.
The present times preaenta different state of things,
and far less favorable to any extravagant expendi-
tures for objects not authorized by the Constitu-
tion.
But this bill is unequal and unjust, in die objects j
to Which this money is to be appropriated, ft j
gives $1,500,000 to the Atlantic coast and northern
fakes, while it does not give one third that sum to
the western rivers and lakes. It gives to the Ohio 1
below the falls, and to the Missouri, Arkansas,'
Mississippi, and Red rivers $240,000. Not one
dollar is given to the Wabash, or any other navi-
gable water oOuree in Indiana or Illinois; while
the Wabash river is far more navigable-than either
Red river or the Arkansas, and floats on its bisom !
annually three times the amount of produce artd
other commerce, than does the Arkansas or Red j
river; and it washes a valley of the richest soil on j
the face of the globe, and runs through nearly the j
Whole length of the fburth or fifth State, in point of
population, in the Union. Not a dollar is given.
S>ir, I called upon the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, and he informed me that his com- I
mittee rejected the Wabash appropriation. Is
this the justioe you are meting out to the West ?
Is this the equality you practice in your lavish and
extravagant expenditure of money ? And yet
you call this bill just, fair, and equal ! ;
Indiana, with her million of people, who are all :
consumers of goods on which a tax for the support
of the Government is collected, and which comes
out of their pockets, is asked to vote for this enor-
mous, unequal, and uajust bill. But the party
that are asking daily for more tariff, more prolec- '
tion, are seen here to-day, voting for this bill with
an avidity which clearly indicates to all on this ;
side of tiie House, that their real design is to en-
large the expenditures, that they can get more and
higher tariffs, and larger protection, and greater i
{irofits. This is really a contest of capital and
abor engaged in manufacturing, against capital
and labor engaged in agriculture And it remains j
to be seen who will gam the victory.
But, Mr. Chairman, if my constituents desire
me to come here and vote away a "pound to get a j
penny,"or to vote away millions to get hundreds,
they must select some other man. I will stand by |
an economical administration of the Government,
and I will not vote one dollar beyond that. I
came here pledged against this system of internal
improvements by the General Government, and I
shall redeem that pledge faithfully.
But, Mr. Chairman,if this bill passes, although
I earnestly hope it may not, I do most ardently
desire to see every Democrat wash his hands of
the responsibility. Let the Whig party pass it—
it is their child. Let them nurse it, and raise- it.
They have boldly proclaimed here to-day, that
internal improvements by the General Govern-
I ment is one of the Whig principles-rand they call
upon all Whigs to come up to the support of it.
This bill is only the beginning of a grand sys-
! tem,that is to ripen into full life under this Whig
Administration. It is the forerunoerof high tariffs,
banks, and an enormous public debt, which some
of them say is a public blessing. And, sir, this is
the course that they have always pursued when
they have accidentally obtained power, and it has
just as often broken them down and hurled them
, from power, to give place to the Democratic Re-
publican party. Their course on this bill is a good
omen for the speedy return of the Republican party
i to power again.
Sir, I find that nearly every Democrat that is m-
i ciined to support this bill, has got handsome appro-
priations for some inlet, harbor, or river. I know
that this embarrasses them. I can appreciate their j
< position, and I shall not arrogate to myself the right i
to read them a lecture, or to say that they are not1
true Democrats; but I do say that they are sacrifi- I
cing what I call settled principles for the sake of!
temporary expediency, which is calculated to lead |
their Government, step by step, into the vortex of
extravagance. If, sir, these appropriations could
be expended equally,so that all would derive ben-
efit, they would be more just. But if you give
I $50,000 to St. Louis to improve her harbor and
facilitate her commerce, and thereby increase the
trade, wealth, and prosperity of that city, why not
give the same to Evansville, on the Ohio river? At
1 this latter point terminates the longest canal in the
United States—I mean the Wabash and Erie Canal.
This work connects the lakes and the great com-
mercial emporium-^-NewTork—WiththeOhio and
Mississippi rivers and (he Gulf of Mexico, and
which canal is now nearly completed to Etdtls-
ville. ■ If you give advantages to St. Louis and
deny Aem to Louisville and Cincinnati, you favor
one and oripple all the rest. And this in itself,
independerit of other insurmountable objections,
is enough to show the injustice of such a sys-
tem. Indiana, Illinois, ana Ohio help to pay the
taxes that put this money in the Treasury, that
ta'to be expended in building up h few cities, to
the exclusion and at the expense of all the rest,
and increases annually the demand fW>m the Gov-
ernment fofmore taxes to fid up the vacuum that
is made by this partial and unjust expenditure.
Mr. Chairman, the Constitution has pointed
out, by an express grant of power, the manner in
which you can improve the1 harbors, Stc. The 1st
I article, section 10, of the Constitution of the Uni-
. ted States says:
" No State shall, without the consent of Congress, l#iy*
any duty or' tonnage, keep troops, or 8hi pa of war in time
of peace."
And Mr..Polk, in his veto of a river and harbor
bill, says:
" The States may toy tonnage duties for clearing harbors,
improving rivers, or for other purposes, but are restrained
from abasing the power; because, before such duties can
take effeet, the ' consent' of Congress must be obtained."
And the great advantage of this plan of improv-
ing harbors and rivers is, that the money is to be
raised by those for whose use it is to be expended.
For near thirty years this was the plan adopted*
and Congress gave its consent by different acts
at different times to Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, and South Carolina; and during
last session Congress granted this constitutional
right to the city of Baltimore to improve her har-
bor on the Chesapeake bay. Mr. Polk gives the
following instances of the action of several States
for improving their harbors and rivers, to wit:
*cIn January, 1790, the State of Rhode Island parsed ft
teW levying a tonnage duty on vessels arriving in the port
i ef Providence^' toe the purpose of clearing and deepening
i the channel of Providence river, and making the same more
navigable.'
I " On the second of February, 1798, the State of Massa-
] ehusetts passed a law levying a tonnage duty on all ves-
* tela, whether employed iu die foreign or coasting trade,
which might enter into the Keonebunk rivet, tor the im-
; provement of the same, by (rendering, the passage in and
out of said rivet less difficult and dangerous.'
" On the 1st of April, 1805, the State of Pennsylvania
passed a law levytBg a tonnage duty on vessels ' torainov*
the obstructions to the navigation of the river Delaware,
below the city of Philadelphia. >
I " On the 23d of January, 1804, the State of Virgfnia paused
j a law levying a tonnage duty on vessels, < for improving the
navigation of James river.'
"On the 32d of F ebruary, 1816, the State of Virginia passed
a law levying a tonnage duty on vessels, for ' improving the
navigation of James river, from Warwick to Rockett's
Landing^'
" On tfis 8thof Deeomber, 1824, the State ofVpginiapassed
, a law levying a tonnage duty on vessels, for' improving the
navigation of Appomatox river, from Pocahontas Bridge to
! Broadway.'
" In November, 1821, the State of North Carolina passed a
law levying a tonnage duty on vends, < tor the purpose of
openiiig an inlet at the lower end of Albemarle Sound, near
a place called Nag's Head, and improving the navigation of
said Soand with its branohesand in November, 1828, an
amendatory law was parsed.
" On the 21st of December, 1804, the State of South Caro-
lina passed a law levying a tonnage duty, lor the purpose of
' building a marine hospital in the viciutty of Charleston
and on the 17th of December, 1816, another law was passed
by the Legislature of that State tor the' maintenance of a
marine hospital.'
i " On the 10th of February, 1787, the State of Georgia passed
a law levying tonnage duty on all vessels entering into the
port of Savannah, for the purpo e or' clearing' the Savannah
river of' wrecks and odierVbsbuctions tn the navigation.'
"On the 12th of December, 1804, the State of Georgia
passed a law levying a tonnage duty on vessels, ' to be ap-
plied to the ptiyment of the fees of the harbor master and
health officer of the ports of Savannah and St. Mary's.'
" In April, 1T83, the State of Maryland passed a law lay-
ing a tonnage duty on vessels, lor the improvement of the
j ' basin' and ' harbor' nf Baltimore and the ' river t'nisp-eo.'
u On the of December, 1791, the State ot" Maryland
passed a law levying a tonnage duty on vessels, for the im-
| provement of the ' harbor and port of Baltimore.1
" On the 28tli of December, 1793, the Stale of Maryland
: passed a law authorizing the appointment ot a health officer
Sir the port of Baltimore, and laying atonnage duty on ves-
] «eU to defray the expenses. "
" Congress have passed many acts giving its 1 consent' to
these aud other State laws, tiie first of whieh is dated in
; 1790, and the last in 1343. By the latter act, the 1 consent'
of Congress was given to the law of the Legislature of Ma-
ryland, laying a tonnage duty on vessels for the improve-
ment of ihe harbor of Baltimore, and continuing it in iorce
until the 1st day of June, 1850. I transmit herewith copies
' of sueh of the acts of the Legislatures of the States on the
, subject, and also the acts of Congress giving iu < consent*
. bereft), as have been collated.
I " That the power was constitutionally and rightfully es-
. erctsed iii these cases does not admit of a doubt."
1 And it will hardly be pretended, with any da-
gi-ee of reason, that the General Government and
! the States each have the same power.
1 But, Mr. Chairman, if I should waive my ob-
[ fections to this bill on the grounds already stated,
! 1 have another that is insurmountable. This btil
proposes to expend $2,000,000 and more to vari-
ous works of internal improvement. The several
sums are to be expended  nder the direction of the
President and the Secretary of War, &c., &c.
Who will be employed ? I answer that partisans,
favorites, fVlends—political friends; and who does
hot know that they will use it to promote the
cause of that party that appoints them, and to
whom they are under obligations for heavy salaries?
