170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Ri vers and Harbors—Mr. Spaulding.
Ho. of Reps.
This, sir, is evident from the experience of all The House being in Committee of the Whole onitlie state
who have oared to notice the operations of such ! oftlu-rmnn, (Mr 1Hp idk in th« ^tl;Vr: °" 1''' J^rbor"-
. • i ' , appropriations lor the improvement of Kiversand Harbors*—
expenditures. It is, then, a corruption fund in
the hands of hired agents, who can, if they iri//,
use it for corrupt purposes, to promote party ends.
And, sir, every member who opposes this bill
may expect to feel its corrupting influences in
some cunninglv-devised and mysterious way.
This lull, sir, has some eighty items of appropri-
ations, and interests some ninety Representatives
on tins flour, and thousands upon thousands are
being added to it every hour of its consideration,
to give it larger scope for power and support; and
each depends on the success of the other. One
friend of the bill says, if you do not give me this
sum of §10,000, I will vote against it. Another
says, when any member who is opposed to this
bill offers an amendment, and asks for a part of
the spoils that is to be distributed out, " "You, sir,
shall not have this little pittance to your harbor or
river, because vou are opposed to this bill on prin-
cipleUpon which the opponent of the bill says:
"Well, sir, if you are going to plunder the people's
Treasury, distribute the proceeds out equally and
fairly." " No, sir, we have got enough to pass the
bill now, and your vote is not needed—' go thy
way for this time.' "
Sir, you have heard the chairman of this com-
mittee, and more especially other warm friends of
this bill, call on all its friends not to offer any
more amendments, and assign as a reason, that
it will be calculated to break it down, or load it
so that its own friends will be ashamed of it. Its
friends call loudly that every proposition to amend
it (no matter how meritorious the amendment
may be) shall be promptly voted down. Such,
sir, is the private and public history of this bill
since its introduction into this House.
Now, what party will be responsible for passing
this bill? The honorable gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] and his Whig colleagues from
Georgia, have washed their hands of its iniquities,
and boldly denounce it. Other Whig members
sav, "it is a bitter pill, but my party supports it,
and I must support it also."
A Whig President has recommended it, and
every Whig on the other side of the Chamber
marches up and supports it, except the delegation
from Alabama and Georgia. I do not know an-
other exception that I can now point out. And
by the aid of a few Democratic votes it will pass,
or I am deceived in the signs before me.
Sir, if you could open the future demands upon
the National Treasury to the gaze of our people
this day, it would startle and alarm all true friends
to Republican liberty. What, sir, would the peo-
ple see? They would behold California calling for
millions for mints, dry-docks, custom-houses, &c.;
a project for a line of steamers from point to point
throughout half the civilized world, that will cost 1
millions upon millions of dollars; one from New
York to Africa; one from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz; one from New York to Rio Janeiro; one
from San Francisco to China; and others, to the
number of at least eight—all making large de-
mands upon the National Treasury.
Some of these, sir, I think likely, may, after a
few years, be iffecessary; but who can contem-
plate this vast expenditure, and not feel that power
is being fast concentrated in a Government ap-
proximating consolidation, and finally ending in
ruin, and perhaps monarchy. Therefore, in con-
clusion, I will stand by the ark of our political
safety, the Constitution, and adhere faithfully to
our Republican doctrine of "a strict construction
of the Constitution, and the non-user of all doubt-
fill powers." I will not adopt any principle of
action for the Government that conflicts, in my
honest judgment, with this safe Democratic Re-
publican platform. All power that the Constitution
has not expressly granted to Congress, has been re-
served to the States respectively, or to the people.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
SPEECH OF HONTE. G. SPAULDING,
of new york,
Iv the House of Representatives,
Friday, February 14, 1851,
On the bill reported from the Committee on Com-
appropnations lor the improv
Mr. SPAULDING said:
Mr. Chairman: My constituents feel a deep in-1
terest in this question, and I should be derelict in
duty if I did not do all that I could to favor its
passage. Sir, not only are my constituents inter-
ested in this subject, but the Lake region generally
—the Valley of the Mississippi, and indeed the
whole country. It is a bill that is intended to ben-
efit the North, the South, the East, and the West,
and to cement more closely the bond of union be-
tween all these sections of the country.
Sir, it is carrying forward a system of improve-
ments that was commenced under General Wash-
ington in 178!), and, with some modifications,
continued down to the present time. It has been
characterized by gentlemen on the other side of the
House as intended to rob the Treasury—as being
intended to break down the Treasury of the coun-
try by a general system of internal improvements.
The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Morse] has
so characterized it. He says it is calculated to up-
root the foundations of government—that it is not
authorized by the Constitution—that it is local and
sectional in its character, and that for these and
many other reasons it ought not to pass. Now,
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] who
has just taken his seat, has, in my opinion, to a
great extent, answered the objections of the gentle-
man from Louisiana. It has been said, also, that
this was not a Democratic measure. Sir, I agree
with the gentleman from Indiana that this bill is
not the creature of any party, or of any section of
country; it is emphatically a national measure, de-
signed for the benefit of the whole country, with-
mails with dispatch at all times, and in case of war
to concentrate promptly and cheaply, troops and
supplies to any point that might be menaced, in
sufficient force for its defence.
So much for the powers of the General Govern-
ment to aid in carrying on its own operations to
render effective the Army and Navy for the defence
of the country, and to facilitate the mail service.
But the other power conferred on Congress,
viz: " to regulate commerce with foreign nations
and among the several States," is sufficiently broad
to cover all the objects embraced in this bill, and
is deemed by some of the ablest statesmen of the
country to be the true ground, on which to rest
these appropriations. This is certainly a very
broad power, and at the Chicago Convention, in
which eighteen States were represented without
distinction of party, it was unanimously resolved
that this grant of power accompanied by cotem-
poraneous history and a series of acts which have
received the sanction of the people of the United
States, and of every department of the National
Government, was sufficient to make it the constitu-
tional duty of Congress to continue this system
of appropriations. (See House doc. No. 741,
July 11, 1848, p. 86.)
This power " to regulate commerce" has received
a liberal and beneficial construction by all the de-
partments of the Government.
The Supreme Court, in the case of Gibbons vs.
Ogden, (9 Wheaton's Reps.p. ],) havedecided that
the power to regulate commerce includes the power
to regulate navigation on all the navigable waters,
bays, lakes, rivers, and harbors throughout the
United States, without any restraint or hindrance
i by State legislation. Honorable A. Cnnklin, dis-
trict judge for the'northern district of New York,
out reference to party. I can prove by acts of | yle|,j tylat this power was broad enough to author-
PAnirrooo / rm/ !n«n t*ol ir that t ni a fiirsstfim nf i n t Arrin 1 :• . i . • _ j .. •  
Congress, conclusively, that this system ofinternal
improvements had its origin with the first session
of Congress under the Constitution; that provision
was made by that very Congress similar to those
contained in this bill; and the system has grown
up with our Government from that time to the
present day.
Sir, previous to the first session of Congress, in
1789, all the light-houses, beacons, buoys, and
Eublic piers on the Atlantic coast and the harbors,
ays, and inlets of the several States, had been built
and maintained by such States respectively, or by
ize Congress to pass the act granting admiralty
jurisdiction to the district courts upon the lake3
and navigable rivers connecting the same, in re-
spect to all steamboats and vessels of twenty tons
burden and upwards employed in commerce and
navigation, the same as upon the high seas. (See
Conklin's Admiralty Practice.)
Under this power Congress has passed laws re-
quiring steamers and vessels to be licensed and
registered—prescribing their tiller ropes, authoriz-
ing an inspection, and requiring a lantern to be
hung at their bows. Can the same power which
the local authority of the citTes and towns in which n preacril)e3 an those artifical safeguards for thepro-
they were situated. Oii^the adoption of the Con-  A™;=toniii,/t;™t.im oil
stitution, the separated States became one country, j
without regard to State lines, for great national
objects specified in the Constitution. For the |
common good of all the States, each State sur-lj
rendered a portion of its sovereignty under the '
Constitution to the General Government, and l
expressly prohibited the separate States from exer- j
cismg certain powers, among which was a provis-
ion that "no State, withouttheconsent ofCongress, 1
should lay any duty of tonnage," and " vessels
bound to or from one State shall not be obliged to
enter, clear, or pay duties in another."
The Constitution expressly confers on Congress
the power
"To lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States."
" To provide and maintain a Navy."
" To raise and support armies."
£t To establish post offices and post roads."
" To reeulate commerce with foreign nations, and among
the several States, and with the Indian tribes."
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers."
This broad power " to provide and maintain a
Navy," confers on Congress the incidental power
to establish docks and navy-yards, where the ships
and vessels of the United States may be built; to
equip and man them when built, and to provide
lights, beacons, buoys, and public piers, to enable
them to sail along the coast, and enter the bays,
harbors, and rivers of the country in safety, for
purposes of defence in time of war, and at all times
to protect our commercial marine. The United
States Government is also bound to maintain an
Army for the protection of the whole country, and
to establish post offices and post roads. To do
this effectually, troops and munitions of war,
as well as the mails, must be transported to the
remotest corners of this nation.
Good roads, ca-
merce, making appropriations for the improve-; nals, harbors, and the unobstructed navigation of i oftVTs act atthe entrance of or within any bay, i,nit-, har-
ment of certain Rivers and Harbors. j; rivers, would enable the Government to carry the bororvort " " "  
tection of lifeand property, consistently disclaim all
jurisdiction over the natural obstacles and dangers
of the lakes and rivers themselves?
Sir, this Government, in providing for "the
common defence" and promoting the "general
welfare" of the United States " as one country,"
under the Constitution, have authorized and pros-
ecuted four kinds of public works which may be
classed under the general head of internal improve-
ments.
i 1. The erection, support, and maintenance of
light-houses, light-ships, beacons, buoys,and pub-
lic piers.
2. The improvements of the navigation of rivers,
lakes, and harbors.
' 3. Making surveys and charts to guide the mari-
ner in the navigatio* of the Atlantic and Pacific
! coasts, gulfs, bays, harbors, lakes, and rivers.
4. Roads and canals.
These improvements are necessary to enable
the Government to perform its own appropriate
functions, and were so considered by the fathers
of the Republic. At the first session of Congress
at New York, in 1789, it- became the duty of its
members " to make laws necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and
all other powers vested by the Constitution in the
Government of the United States." Now, what
did this Congress do ? What laws did it pass to
> give practical effect to the provisions of the Consti-
tution ? The ninth act which passed this Congress
was approved by George Washington, August 7,
1789, and is entitled " An act for the establish-
ment and support of light-houses, beacons, buoys,
jndpublic piers." By this act it was expressly
provided—
" That all the expenses which shall accrue from and after
the fifteenth day of August, 1789, in the necessary support
and maintenance and repair of light-houses, beacons, buoys
and public piers, erected, placed, or sunk before the passing
■ or port of the Pnited States for rendering the navigation
