1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States."
This is the section, and nothing ctin be more
dear than the limitation of the pledge of reim-
bursement to the sum which it contains. It was
the first, but not the last of these pledges; and we
will now see the condition upon whicn it was ob-
tained from the Missouri Senators. The fourth
section of the same act is'in these words:
"That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized and empowered to appoint one impartial
and judicious person, not being a citizen of either of the
States through which the road hereinafter mentioned shall
pass, to be a commissioner; and in case of the death, resigna-
tion, or refusal to act, or any disability, of such coinmis>
siener, to appoint another in his stead, who shall have
power, according to the provisions of the act entitled ' on
act to authorize the appointment of a commissioner to lay
out the road therein mentioned,' approved May 15,1820,
to couiplete the examination and survey heretofore com-
menced by virtue of the provisions of said act, and to ex-
tend the same to the permanent seat of government of
the State of Missouri; the said road to conform in all re-
spects to the provisions of the said recited act, except that
it shall pass by the seats of government of tue States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois," &c.
This is the fourth section of the great act of
1825. It covers the whole ground, confirming the
act of 1820, directing the surveys commenced un-
der it to be completed, appointing one commis-
sioner instead of three, vesting him with all the
powers, and imposing upon nim all the duties,
which had belonged to the three; ordering the road
to be laid out in the same manner, except that,
instead of being straight between Wheeling and
the Mississippi, it was required to pass the seats
of government in the three States of Ohio, Indiana,
ana Illinois, and reach the seat of government in
Missouri. It was to "layout" the road! after
which the making of it was a matter of course.
This made the four States even, so far as a road
to their seats of government was concerned; and
opon that equality of benefit the four States, for
the first time in the whole history of Cumberland
road legislation, joined together in the united pledge
of their two per cent, funds. Other pledges had
been made before: first by Ohio alone, to get the
road to her line; then by the other States joining
her, to get it to their respective lines; and now,
for the first time, the four States pledge together,
and for the obvious reason that, for the first time,
the law embraced all four of their capitals.
Now, what was done under this act? Some-
thing, or nothing? Let us see. I will show that
something was done. And I will state, in the first
place, that Major Ogden, of the Topographical
Engineers, was appointed the commissioner to ex-
ecute the act, and before him Mr. Joseph Shriver,
jr.; and I will read first from some parts of Mr.
Shriver's report, found among the official docu-
ments of 1829- '30, to show that he actually laid
out the road, prepared all tire plans and estimates,
submitted them to them to Congress through the
engineer department, and again decided, as the
three commissioners had done, in favor of St.
Louis as a point. His particular duty was to ex-
amine the country between Vandalia and Jefferson
city—to examine it upon two routes, one north
the other south of the Missouri river—and to select
one of them for the road. He did so; and here
are extracts from his report which show what he
did. Headdresses his report to the chief of the
topographical engineers:
"In compliance with your instructions of June 7,1828,
an examination of a route for the Cumberland road from
Vandalia, on both sides of the Missouri river, to the seat of
government of Missouri, has been made; and I have now,
in further compliance with said instructions, the honor to
report the result to the Department, with the necessary
notes and drawings, furnishing the means for a decision on
the most eligihle ronte to be adopted. Having extended the
surveys and examinations from Vandalia, on the southern
route, as far ax St. Louis, in the year 1828, as stated in my
last annual report, tiie work was accordingly, on the 2d
of June last, resumed at that point, and pursued on the
south side of the Missouri river to Jefferson City, the seat
of government of Missouri. Having reached Jefferson City,
and the investigations upon the southern route being now
completed, the country embraced by the noithern route re-
mained to be examined. These duties were accordingly
entered upon, without loss of time, on the 14th of August.
Crossing the Missouri river at Jefferson, the examinations
were pursued in an eastern direction."
" In obtaining the information necessary to a comparison
of tiiesetomtes, I conformed, in compliance with your in-
structions, as nearly as possible, to the resolution which ac-
companied them, offered by Mr. Benton in the United States
Senate, and which requires to be shown, ' the relative ad-
' vantages and disadvantages of each route, in reference to
' distances, nature of ground, facilities of construction,
'number of post offices and post towns, and amounts of
' population to be accommodated; to the transportation of
' the mails and military operations; and all other informa-
' tion necessary to be possessed in order to make the most
'judicious selection of a road.'"
" On the map which accompanies this report, drawn
upoon scale of two miles to an incb, is given a connected
view of all the surveys executed between die two seats of
government. The lines colored red distinguish the routes
adopted for the comparison from the numerous other sur-
veys, which are colored yellow. Upon this map are also
represented the towns and villages, the streams, swamps,
ponds, hills, rocks, with every other remarkable object; so
that a more correct idea may be formed by an inspection of
it of the character and aspect of the country embrae'ed than
can be obtained from the preceding remarks."
" The cost of constructing a road on the southern (St.
Louis) route is estimated at #990,358, and of one on die
northern (Portage des Sioux .route) at $979,158. The dis-
tance between Jefferson City and the two routes is, on the
St. Louis route 177 miles and 5-100ths of a mile, on the
Portage des Sioux route 176 and 17-lOOths of a mile. The
average cost per mile, including every expense of clearing
away the timber eighty feet wide, and grubbing thirty ifeet
in the eentre; of grading, including culverts, side walls, and
embankments; of paving twenty feet wide, six inches in
depth macadamized; of bridging, stone underwork, and
wooden superstructure, is computed at $5,593 65 for the
St. Louis route, and $5,558 63 for the Portage des Sioux
route."
" The Mississippi river will have to be crossed by either
route. The river at Portage des Sioux, where the northern
route crosses, is something wider than at St. Louis, where
it is crossed by the southern route. A better depth of wa-
ter is found at St. Louis. The bottom land is wider, and
subject to inundation for a greater extent on the northern
than on the .southern route. In addition to these facts,
which preponderate to the disadvantage of the northern
crossing, it must be recollected that St. Louis is situated at
the crossing of the southern route, and that, from the fre-
quent communications which must therefore exist between
the two sides of the river, it may be justly inferred that the
crossing here will at all times be more certain, safe, and
speedy. This is decidedly the case at present; and such
will always be the case, since no site is afforded at the
northern crossing where a city of equal importance might
arise."
" In conclusion, it seems hardly necessary to advert to
the accommodation which would result to a considerable
portion of the public by embracing the city of St. Louis in
the extension of the road westward. The importance of
passing through a great commercial place, such as this has
grown to be, containing now eight thousand inhabitants
nearly, and promising from its peculiar situation to become
one of the most important cities of the West, will be duly
appreciated; as will also the advantages which this route
possesses in a military point of view by its passing so near
the military station of Jefferson barracks."
This was the report of Mr. Shriver—the report
which consummated the pledge of Copgress to
carry the road to the capital of Missouri, and
which made St. Louis a point in its course. And
with these extracts I quit my view of the act of
1825—the act under which his survey was made,
and for which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] delivered that ardent Missouri speech, from
which I read a few passages. The compact of
1820, for making a road to the State—the act of
Congress of May, 1820, to lay it out to the Mis-
sissippi river, at a point between St. Louis and the
mouth of the Illinois—and the act of 1825, to carry
the road to Jefferson City, have now all been ex-
amined, and show the obligation of Congress to
have made the road; and, not having made it, to
return the money which she received from Mis-
souri under those acts. The first pledge was given
under the act of 1825: they were repeated while
surveys were going on to lay out the road: they
ceased in 1836, when the completion of the road
became doubtful; and no pledge has ever been
made since. I hold the compact to be obligatory
on Congress to have made the road to the Missouri
line—up to the Missouri line, in the language of
the Senator from Kentucky. It was upon that com-
pact that Congress obtained from .Missouri the stipula-
tion not to tax the public lands. I hold that thwict of
1825 is obligatory on Congress to have made the
road to Jefferson City. It was upon that act that
she obtained the votes of the Missouri delegation to
pledge the two per centum of the Stales to the reim-
bursement of moneys expended on roads leading towards
her. Solid considerations were paid by Missouri
in each case, and she certainly has a right, in the
former language pf the Senator from Kentucky, to
demand the road! I hold Congress bound by those
acts: I hold the Senator from Kentucky bound by
them, not merely as a member of Congress, but
individually, as a man who was personally a party
to those acts, and personally bound, so long as he
remains in Congress, and has a vote upon the sub-
ject, to give that vote in favor of returning the
money which has been paid upon a consideration
which has failed. The Senator from Kentucky
parades my votes: I show him his speeches. I
have stood to my votes: will hestand to his speeches ?
I gave my votes under the compact, and under the
acts for which he voted and spoke. I gave my
votes upon the faith of law and compact. Neither
the law, nor the compact has been kept: and I
now here protest, in the presence of the Senate,
and mean to make the protest at home, and in
Missouri,' that I gave my votes pledging her two
percent, fund under the implicit faith that the
compact of 1820 and the act of 1825 \ft>uld be
faithfully complied with; and that I never should
have given such votes if I could have had the least
suspicion that the faith of the compact and of the
act were to be repudiated by Congress. I never
should have given such votes if I could have anti-
cipated the scenes of this day. What! vote the
money of Missouri-^hat which she purchased on
such hard terms, giving thousands for hundreds,
and millions for thousands—to make roads in other
States! No, never! I repeat: these were not
; naked agreements—agreements without considera-
i tion—which might be violated without loss. They
were upon consideration—value received—great
value received. Non-taxation of the public land
in Missouri, then forty millions of acres, estimated
at fifty millions of dollars, and still twenty-seven
. millions, estimated at thirty-five millions of dollars:
| that was the price, the enormous price—the annual
I loss of taxes on that vast mass of property for the
I thirty years which are past, and for another thirty
which may come before they are all sold—that ib
, the price paid, now paid and to be paid, for the
road to her line. Pledge of her two per centum
was the price paid for the extension of the road
from the line to Jefferson City. Missouri has paid
the price in both cases, and now asks a fulfillment
of the compact, or a return of the money. It is.
$231),000 now, it will be near $700,000 when the
public lands within her limits are all sold.
I am done with the law of the case. I have
answered the Senator out of his own mouth, and
have accumulated law and fact upon him. But he
did not limit himself to what he presented as a.
legal objection. He went far beyond that. In
his zeal to defeat the claim of Missouri he went
into very extraneous views—reached high and low
—scraped far and near—traveled a great distance-
to find something to be used against her—and never
found anything which did not militate against
himself. He endeavored to find a reason for the
non-continuation of the road, and produced three,
each of which, besides being unfounded, was
I suicidal to itself, and fratricidal to its hrother.
First, he said the making of the road was pre-
vented by a contest between St. Louis and Alton
for its point of termination. His words are:
" That it stopped in consequence of a collision whicli
arose between the States of Missouri and Illinois, or
rather, I believe, between the towns of St. Louis and
: Alton, as to what should be the terminus of ths road."
Collision! What sort of a collision? Arms,
and violence? or a wish on the part of each, to
have the road come to itself? I presume it was the
latter, and that so far as there was any such col-
lision, it was quieted with respect to Illinois by
: sending the road to her capital; and as far as it
concerned Alton, it was quieted by the reports,
' first of the three commissioners, Messrs. McRee,
; Lacock, and David Shriver, and, secondly, of
! Mr. Joseph Shriver, acting as sole commissioner,
i each of which were authorized by law to fix the
point of termination on the Mississippi, and both
of which commissions did fix it at St. Louis.
, In fact this collision, as it is imposingly called,
j was nothing but the natural desire of every town
on the line of the road to get the road to itself—a
collision which is seen in the location of every
county road in the country, and which was seen
at all points along the Cumberland road from the
Potomac to the Okaw, and which was settled in
every instance by the proper authority—the com-
missioners appointed to lay off the road. They
settled it in this case; and, what is most unfor-
! tunate for the Senator's argument, their report
1 shows that there was no question in the minds of
the commissioners between St. Louis and Alton.
Alton was not in the question. It was Portage
des Sioux—a Missouri village, some distance be-
low Alton. This is fully shown in the report of
; Mr. Joseph Shriver, laying out the road by both
- points, and recommending St. Louis. It is with
I Portage des' Sioux then, and not with Alton, that
