1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Two per cent. Fund in Missouri—Mr. Clay. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
railroad, a maeadaraizpd road, or any other peculiar kind
■of road; it was to to a road. The money was to be ex-
pended under the direction of Congress, and Congress was
to be the judge of tbe [--peciesof road, and of the expenditure
of mo it ov Tor it.*'
And still, in another part:
" I contend that the literal interpretation, which wbuld
require of you to carry the road up to the very line of the
State of Missouri, is not the true and just interpretation of
the act."
And again:
"Tiie General Government had discretion on the sub-
ject; they had a right to begin the road where tliey thought
proper."
And again:
" No time is fixed in the compact as to when the road
shall be run; the mad is to be carried part passu with the
increase of the fund. The fund will go on increasing until
the whole of the public lands in Missouri shall have been
sold, and it is pos^ble, if it be not squandered and wasted"
away, that it may hereafter be sufficient to complete the
road."
And again:
" The Mississippi river intervenes, so that it could only
be carried to the bank of the Mississippi river within the
State of Illinois. It can never be carried to the State, if
that word ' to1 is to receive its literal signification, and if,
according to u, we were bound to make a road to the very
line of Missouri."
And again:
"That if Missouri, or the Senator from Missouri, will
wait until there is an accumulation from the the sales of the
land in Missouri to make another road, tliey may have an-
other road, if they insist upon it, upon the" top of the one
they have already."
1 merely quote these passages from the Senator's
speech, not to confute, but to exhibit them. I
wish them to be seen in Missouri. 1 wish them
to stand for exemplifications of the temper in which j
the Senator from Kentucky now opposes what he
once considered as the just demand of Missouri.
To me they seem to be no more than taunts to the
State—so totally void of foundation, justice, con-
sistency, or decent respect for the intelligence of
the State, as to amount to mere flouts, which she
will know how to appreciate.
I proceed to another objection of the Senator,
and one which concerns me personally. He says
that I have been here thirty years, while these !
pledges of the Missouri two per centum have been 1
going on from year to year, and no word of re- '
monstrance from me. His words are:
" That this appropriation of the two per cent fund, ari- >
sine from the sales of the public lands in Missouri, has been 1
made from year to year for about thirty years, during which
the honorable Senator £Mr. BENTON]t>as had a seat on this I
floor. All those provisions pledging the two per cent, fund |
of Missouri for thereimbursement of the General Govern- I
ment have been made while the honorable Senator has been '
a memberef this body. Not one word of remonstrance, not
one word of complaint, has been heard on the part of Mis-
souri, or on the part at her representatives, on either floor
ot Congress." •
First, as to the error of this statement in point
of fact. These pledges of Missouri have not been
going on from year to year for thirty years.
They began in 1825, and ceased in 1836! which
happens to be near about the one-third of thirty
years!
With respect to no remonstrance, that is true.
It never entered' into my head to remonstrate
while 1 believed in the good faith of Congress to j
comply with the compact and the laws. But now
that repudiation is advocated—wiiile Congress is I
to violate the compact on her part, and hold Mis- I
souri to it on hers—1 do remonstrate, and am I
strongly of opinion that the State will remonstrate I
also. The money to be lost is considerable— j
$230,000 in hand, and the double of that upon I
future sales—and purchased upon such exorbitant1
terms as giving up the right of annual taxation on
forty millions of acres of public land. I remon-
strate now; and say that, wJiile the loss of money !
is great, the outrage is far greater. To lose the j
money, and to be taunted with the loss, is a double 1 j
aggravation. Twenty-seven millions of acres of 1
public land still remain in Missouri. It is two !
millions more than the whole number of acres !
comprised in the state of Ohio; and yet, according :
to the Senator from Kentucky, we are not only to 1
lose the annual taxes upon that quantity, and the
miserable two per cent, which we were to reserve |
in lieu of taxes, but to be bluffed off with reasons
which insult our understandings !
But, after all, it seems that the Senator from ]
Kentucky has another reason, entirely different j
from all the rest, for refusing to pay this money
New Series—No. 12.
j to Missouri. He is afraid that he will commit
11 himself—afraid that Congress will commit itself—
in favor of the road from Missouri to San Fran-
cisco. He says:
" I shall be extremely happy ifit shall turn out that of all
the various routes proposed, the one which is contempla-
ted to begin at St. Louis is the best; but I cannot, upon the
information which i now possess, satisfy my mind on the
point, and therefore I do not wish to pledge myself to any
particular route. I understand this new compact which it
i« proposed to make with the State of Missouri lias for its
object tiie extension of a railroad from St. Louis to the west-
ern limit of that State, being part or section of that road
the construction of which the Senator from Missouri has so
much at heart."
And therefore he votes againt the bill. He
understands that the "new compact" which the
bill proposes to make with Missouri pledges Con-
gress to the central route to the Pacific ocean; and
I he is not willing to give that pledge, and must
therefore vote against the bill, even, I presume, if
all his other objections were overcome. This is
being cautious over-much. In the first place, there
never was in my bill any route of a road, or any
road at all, to the Pacific ocean. It was a State
I road only—one across the State from St. Louis
to the western limit of the State; that, and the one
from St. Joseph, on the Missouri, to Hannibal, on
the Mississippi, were the only ones named—both
State roads—and both struck out of the bill, upon
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
j the Public Lands, about ten days before the Sen-
ator made his speech! The bill now stands with-
i out a pledge of the money to any specific object—
leaving it open to be expended on such objects of
- internal improvement as the General Assembly of
Missouri may deem fit; so that the fear of the
Senator, cautious over-much in the beginning, is
entirely groundless and visionary now. He must
have a deadful fear of that central Pacific route, to
refuse to vote for this bill on that account! The
railroad proposed from St. Louis to the frontier of
1 the State may become a link in the chain of com-
! munication across the continent. Like the roads
making in Ohio, and the one nearly complete in
Pennsylvania, all east and west, and central to the
continent, I hope it may become a link in the great
line of communication which iagto connect Europe
and Asia through the heart of our America; but
it contains no pledge to that effect, and a vote for
it would commit nobody to any route whatever to
the Pacific ocean. It is indeed called the Pacific
railroad, but come to look at the charter, and it is
merely a Missouri railroad, every inch of it within
her own State, one end pointing towards the Paci-
i fic, the other to the Atlantic; and of the two oceans
i much the nearest to the Atlantic. It is a pity that
; the name, so innocent in itself, should alarm the
.Senator so much. Pity that his fear of ap ima-
j ginary pledge should prevent him from aiding to
I make a Missouri road, while so long the champion
j of roads, and still helping to make State roads in
I all other States! still voting so much public land
I to make roads in so many other States!
I come to the last objection of the Senator from
Kentucky. It is the full development of that idea
of a new compact with which the Senator favored
■us in the last preceding objection. That spoke of
a new compact with Missouri; and this denies the
right of Congress to make new compacts with
States. First assuming that a compact is pro-
posed to be made, he then denounces it as an
dlegal and unconstitutional thing, and boldly im-
peaches the power to make such compacts, and
boldly challenges the production of the power!
He exclaims thus:
" I should be glad to know whence we derive the author-
ity to make the new compact which is proposed in the !
bill, with the State of Missouri. If the money belongs to
her, we ought to pay it to her and let her dispose of it as
she pleases. But here we find it is proposed that the Le-
gislature of that State shall first pass an acf declaring their
acceptance of the money. There is also a provision,
which is to be unalterable without the consent of Congress,,
that the whole of this fund shall be faithfully applied, under
the direction of Missouri, to the two railroads heretofore
chartered by the General Assembly of that State—the Paci- i
fic and Missouri railroad and the railroad from Hannibal
to St. Joseph, in that State. What right have we to make
any such compact ?" *
Well! he wants to know what right we have to
make this compact, assuming that the bill re-
mained as it was first drawn, with a pledge of the
money to the two proposed railroads in Missouri,
to be unalterable without the consent of Congress >
Upon that assumption, although it has vanished,
I will answer him, and inform him that we get it
from the same place that the author of the bill for
the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands in 1841 got the power to make the
| same "new compacts" with the States of Alabama
: and Mississippi, in paying them back their two
per centum, and entering into compacts with them,
to be unalterable without the consent of Congress,
to lay it out in making the particular roads speci-
fied in those compacts. Here are the acts:
" Sec. 17. That the two per centum of the net proceeds
of the lands sold by the United States in the State of Ala-
bama since September 1,1819, reserved bv compact, &c.,
I for making a road or itiads leading to the said State, be and
the same hereby is relinquished to the. said State, payable
, in two equal installments, the first on May 1,1842, and the
second oil May 1,184:<, as far as the same may then have
accrued; and quarterly as the same may thereafter accrue:
I Provided, Chat the Legislature of said State shall first pass
, an act declaring their acceptance of said relinquishment,
and also embracing a provision, to be unalterable without
the consent of Congress, that the whole of the said two
per centum fund shall be faithfully applied, under the di-
rection of the Legislature of Alabama, to the connection,
by some means of internal improvement, of the navigable
waters of the bay of Mobile with the Tennessee river, and
to the construction of a continuous line of internal im-
| This is the Alabama compact, taken from that
I bill for which the Senator from Kentucky once
j stood the exulting father. The Missouri two per
| centum bill was copied from it; and the Missis-
j sippi act, which was in the same bill, contained
i the same provision for the payment of the two per
j centum to her, and with the same compact ex-
pressed in this proviso:
" Provided, That tbe Legislature of said State shall first
pass an act, declaring their acceptance of said relinquish-
ment in full of said tund, accrued and accruing, and also
embracing a provision, to be unalterable without the con-
sent of Congress, that the whole of said two per centum
fund shall be faithfully applied to the construction of arail-
road, leading from Brandon, in the State of Mississippi, to
the eastern boundary of said State, in the direction, as near
as may be, of the towns of Selma, Cahaba, and Montgom-
ery, in the State of Alabama."
I hope the Senator is now answered to his satis-
faction, us to the power to make these new com-
pacts. In the first place, the compact is not now
| in the bill; in the second place, when it was, it was
j copied from his own section in favor of doing the
1 same thing for Alabama and Mississippi which he
: now objects to doing for Missouri.
j Sir, all the reasons given for refusing this money
' are unfounded, contradictory, suicidal, and nuga-
tory. They amount to the repudiation of the com-
pact of 1820—the act of 1820—and the act of 1825;
and are deeply injurious to Missouri. She has a
right, either to the roads for which she stipulated,
or to the taxes which she has given up, or to the
two per centum in place of these taxes. She is
the only new State to which this justice has not
been done. Eight have had the whole five per
j centum returned to them in money; namely: Ala-
i bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida, Arkansas,
! Iowa, Wisconsin, and Michigan. Three have
had roads to them? and into them, and to their
j capitals; namely: Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
j Missouri alone, of all the new States, remains
j without a road, either to her or through her, with-
out a return of her money, with more public land
; to be exempted from taxation than any other
1 State, and having received less public land for in-
I ternal improvement than any other!
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I took no part in
the preliminary proceedings this morning, either
, to express any sentiment or to vote, because, on
I the one hand, I did not desire to deny to the Sen-
ator from Missouri the benefit of a new trial for
: his bill, nor on the other hand did I wish to seem
to be anxious to violate an established principle
and usage of parliamentary law. The Senate has
thought proper to give to the Senator from Mis-
souri the privilege of an exposition of the mo-
tives which led him to ask leave to introduce the
bill again, and at the same time to accord to any
other Senator the privilege of reply. I wish to
avail myself for a few moments of the privilege
which has thus been extended to me.
I do not propose to go at large into the long and
elaborate argument of the Senator from Missouri;
but I beg leave, in the first place, to correct him
in a matter of fact, and I think the correction will
show to the Senator the propriety of more caution
pn his part in the assertion of facta. The Senator
