180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Featherston.
Ho. of Reps.
into effect the grants that are clearly expressed. Is
there any express grant to be found in the Consti-
tution which confers on Congress the power to
embark the Government in a system of internal
improvements ? There is not. The most ardent
friends of the measure will not pretend that there
is. Thefirst ground has, therefore, failed. Is it,
then, necessary to pass this bill to carry into effect
any of the express provisions of the Constitution ?
Is it, as the bill proposes, necessary to improve the
Arkansas river or St. Louis harbor, in order, to
carry out any one of the grants of power in the
Constitution ? I think the gentleman from Mary-
land, or any other friend of the bill, will find it im-
possible to sustain such a position. It cannot be
done. This, sir, is but applying the old Jefferso-
nian republican rule of construction to the bill.
We must adhere to it. Confine the Government
to the exercise of such powers as are expressly
granted, and such as are necessary to carry out
express grants. I do not deny, however, but that
it might be necessary for Congress, under some
circumstances, in order to carry out some of the
express grants of the Constitution, to make im-
provements of national necessity. The power to
declare war is conferred on Congress expressly.
(See Constitution, article 1, section 8.)
Should Congress declare war against a foreign
nation, it would become necessary in the prosecu-
tion of that war to remove our troops from point
to point, and, in so removing them, it might be ab-
solutely necessary to open a road, or make other
improvements. This could certainly be done,
otherwise the express grant, "to declare war,"
&c., could not be carried out, and would be of no
effect. All power necessary to prosecute, success-
fully, a war, is implied in the clause above quoted,
to declare war, &c. I give this merely as an ex-
ample of an implied power, and to illustrate its ex-
ercise. But, sir, this bill rests upon no such im-
plied power or national necessity. Upon what
clause in the Constitution do the advocates of in-
ternal improvement rely to sustain their policy?
There being no express grant of the power, differ-
ent gentlemen derive it from different clauses. One
gentleman plants himself on the general welfare
clause. (See article 1, section 8, Constitution.) An-
other relies on the power to regulate commerce among
the several States. (Seearticle 1, section 8.) Scarcely
two agreeing in opinion. The power is, in the lan-
guage of a distinguished statesman, in speaking of
th? power to charter a bank in 1811, a vagrant one.
It is chased from one end of the Constitution to the
other, sometimes retreating behind one clause, and
at others behind a different one. All, I think, are
forced to admit that it is at least a doubtful power.
I appeal again to Democrats, and ask them if it
has not always been a rule of construction with
the leaders of that party, that Congress should
abstain from the exercise of all doubtful powers?
Are you willing, then, to exercise this which,
when placed on the most favorable ground, is a
doubtful one? Sir, the greatest achievement of
the Convention of 1787, which formed the Con-
stitution, was a limitation of its powers within
bounds clearly defined. This is, in myjudgment,
the wisest feature Sf our federal compact. To
this, more than all other provisions, is the preser-
vation of the Union of the States attributable. So
long as it is confined to the exercise of its limited
and clearly-defined powers by the rule of strict
construction, the legislation necessary for a well-
governed, happy, and prosperous people is left
principally to the State governments. This is the
safest depository of power, because it is there more
directly under the control of, and in the hands of
the people themselves, where abuses will be soon-
est discovered, and most easily reached and re-
dressed. The legislation of Congress should be
confined to the few enumerated objects of the
Federal Constitution, and the people left free to
manage and control their own affairs through their
State governments. This is the true character of
our Federal Government, as I believe, and to ac-
complish the objects of its framers, in so forming
it, we must adhere to a strict construction of its
provisions. Soon after its adoption, the advocates
of consolidation, and a strong government, who
had failed in the Convention which formed it—to
change its character, and mould it to suit their
views, sought, by a latitudinous construction of
its provisions, to accomplish the same object; and
to this latitudinous construction may be traced the |
paternity of such legislation by Congress as has, i
at different periods in our history, produced not \
only dissatisfaction and discord, but at times a [
revolutionary spirit, among the people in some |
localities against the General Government. Had ;
this latitudinous federal rule of construction (which 'j
assigns to the General Government the power to ,
do anything it may wish to do, and brands as
traitors all who may question its authority, or ,
remonstrate against its acts) never been adopted,
the alien and sedition acts of 1798 would never ,
have become laws. A protective tariff, which en-
dangered the perpetuity of the Union in 1832, was
the offspring of the same parent. A system of
i internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment must take shelter under the same rule of
construction. And so must the "compromise," ■
or "adjustment" of the last session, (by no means
the least conspicuous of the group,) rest upon the
same latitudinous federal construction. But I need
not go further with my enumeration. In my !
judgment, those who are strict constructionists of
the Constitution are, and have ever been, the true
Union party of the country. Their construction
administers equal justice to all sections of the j
Union, and removes all causes of complaint among !
the people against the Government, disarms it for j
mischief, and leaves it to discharge with vigor its
legitimate functions. A speedy return to this re- |
publican rule of construction is most devoutly to be j
desired. The preservation of the Union requires
it; the prosperity of the nation demands it.
In taking my position against this system of in-
ternal improvement, on constitutional grounds, I ,,
stand where I believe a large majority of our ablest i i
statesmen and purest patriots have ever been found. ! I
I will not, however, weary the committee by read- 11
ing extracts—a few will suffice. Mr. Jefferson, in 'j
1806, recommended an amendment of the Consti-
tution, that an anticipated surplus in the Treasury
might be applied " to the great purposes of the
' public education, roads, rivers, canals, and such
' other objects of public improvement as it may be
' thought proper to add to the constitutional enu-
'merationofthe Federal powers." He saysfurther:
"1 suppose arl*amendment of the Constitution,'
' by consent of the States, necessary, because the
' objects now recommended are not among those
' enumerated in the Constitution, and to which it
'permits the public moneys to be applied." His
opinions, as expressed in his letters in 1825, that
no such power has been conferred on Congress,
was equally clear and explicit.
Mr. Madison, in a message of March 3d, 1817,
assigning his objections to a bill entitled " An act
to set apart and pledge certain funds for internal
improvements," says: "The power to regulate
' commerce among the several States cannot m-
' elude a power to construct roads and canals, and
' to improve the navigation of water-courses, in
' order to facilitate, promote and secure such a I
' commerce, without a latitude of construction de-
' parting from the ordinary import of the terms,
' strengthened by the known inconveniences which
' doubtless led to the grant of this remedial power
' to Congress." {
Mr. Monroe, although he approved in 1820 and !
1821, some actsmakingappropriationsfor surveys,
in his message of 1822, assigning his objections to
a bill for the preservation and repair of the Cum-
berland road, certainly does assign some good ar-
guments against this system, on constitutional
grounds.
Mr. Polk, in his admirable veto message of
1848, giving his objections to the " river and har-
bor" bill, uses the following language:
" In the proceedings and debates of tlie general Conven- !
tion winch funned the Constitution, and of the State Con- '
ventions which adopted it, nothing is found to countenance
the idea that the one intended to propose, or the others to
concede, such a grant of power to the General Govern-
ment as the building up and maintaining of a system of in-
ternal improvements within the States necessarily implies.
Whatever the General Government may constitutionally
create, it may lawfully protect. If it may make a road upon
the soil of the States, it may protect it from destruction or
injury by penal laws. So of canals, rivers and harbors. If
it may put a dam in a river, it may protect that dam from
removal or injury, in direct opposition to the laws, authori-
ties and people of the State in which it is situated. If it
may deepen a harbor, it may, by its own laws, protects its
agents and contractors from being driven from their work,
even by the laws and authonues of the State. The power
to niak« a road or canal, or to dig up the bottom of a har- j
bor or river, implies a ncht in the soil of the State and a
jurisdiction over it, for whicli it would be impossible to find
any warrant."
How long has it been since this system had its
origin ? It is not true, as stated by some gentle-
men, that it began with the first Administration.
Within the last thirty years it has been called into
existence. The framers of the Constitution, and
those who were contemporaneous with it, neither
claimed the power under it, nor attempted to ex-
ercise it. Some small appropriations for surveys
were made in 1820 and 1821, but the principle was
not broadly asserted until 1825. The first act for
the improvement of a l iver was passed in 1826.
Mr. BULLARD (interposing) said: I desire to
ask the gentleman from Mississippi whether I un-
derstand him to say that the first law that was
passed by Congress for the improvement of rivers
was in 1836?
Mr. FEATHERSTON. No, sir; I said 1826.
Mr. BULLARD. I thought the gentleman said
1836, and I was going to correct him by saying,
that in 1832 a bill was passed for the improvement
of the navigation of Red river, which was sanc-
tioned by General Jackson.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. This system having
its origin in 1825, how rapid was its growth, and
what strength did it gather in ten years? The
following extract from the message of President
Jackson vetoing the act to improve the navigation
of the Wabash river, will furnish the best answer
to the question. He says:
" The desire to embark the Federal Government in works
of internal improvements prevailed in the highest degree
during the first session of the First Congress that I had the
honor to meet in iny present situation. When the bill au-
thorizing a subscription on the part of the United States for
stock in the Maysville and Lexington Turnpike Company
passed the two Houses, there had been reported by the Com-
mittee on Internal Improvements bills containing appropri-
ations for such objects, exclusive of those for the Cumber-
land road, and lor harbors and light-houses, to the amount
of $'106,000,01)0. In this amount was included authority to
the Secretary of the Treasury to subscribe lor the stock of
different companies to a great extent, and the residue was
principally for the direct construction of roads by this Gov-
ernment. In addition to these projects, which have been
presented to the two Houses, under the sanction and recom-
mendation of their respective Committees on Internal I in-
i provements, there were still pending before the committees,
and in memorials to Congress, presented but not referred,
different projects for works of a similar character, the ex-
' pense of which cannot be estimated with certainty, but must
have exceeded $100,000,000."
Reflect for a moment on the enormity of this
sum—between two and three hundred millions de-
manded by the friends of the system in ten years!
Suppose it had gone on gathering strength until
the present time, can anyone tell what would now
have been the amount of the national debt? The
calculation could not be made in dollars and cents;
but one result can be satisfactorily arrived at, and
that is, that the nation would have been bankrupt
beyond all hop%of redemption. This result was
foreseen by that great and good man, who was
then in the executive chair, General Jackson, and
to him is the country indebted for crushing this
system in comparative infancy, by his vetoes of
the Maysville road bill; "An act making appropri-
ations for building light-houses, light-boats, bea-
cons, and monuments, placing buoys, improving
harbors, and directing surveys;" "An act author-
izing subscriptions for stock in the Louisville and
I Portland Canal Company;" "An act for the im-
| provement of certain harbors and the navigation
| of certain rivers;" "An act to improve the navi-
gation of the Wabash river."
| Sir, I am not for giving this system ten years'
growth now, but for meeting it at the threshold,
i Give it the power and strength which it will gather
in ten years, and I fear we will have no Jackson
i then who can successfully wage a war of extermi-
nation with this monster. Pass this bill at this
1 session—appropriate $2,000,000, and at-the next
I applications for like purposes may amount to
$50,000,000. The actual appropriations by the
next Congress may be £20,000,000, and thus the
■ system will go on; for this bill is but the entering
wedge—the starting point—until we are involved
in a debt that never can be discharged. But we
are told by moderate-men that works of internal
improvements oug^it to be made. I concede this,
sir, but they ou ht not to be made by the General
Government. How then can it be done? By the
States-by means of tonnage duties levied by the
consent of Congress. This was the plan adopted
