182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
[Feb. 7,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Board of Accounts—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. of Reps.
has been granted in a great number. Some meri-
torious cases may have been, and doubtless are
oppressively delayed; the present system of tic-jj
tion by Congress is not perfect. But what are the ; i
merits of that proposed as a substitute ? Its friends ,
seem to urge it more upon the defects of the pres-' j
ent practice than upon any merit they can find
in that they invite us to accept in its stead. I
have only to say for Congress, that if the state- '
ments made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Nelson,] be correct, Congress has done bet-
ter than is generally supposed. He states that in
ten years sixteen thousand five hundred and seven-
ty-three cases were presented to the House of
Representatives asking relief, and that upon these '
only three thousand four hundred and tjhirty-six
bills were reported—that is, the committees of the ,
House only decided in favor of that number, ,
(three thousand four hundred and thirty-six,) and
during the same period, not more than one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-one " received final
action." Does not the gentleman know, does not
any man who has been a member upon this floor
a long as he has, know, that these claimg still
survive, if they are not paid, and that they never ,
die ? Do we not all know that these claims are !
immortal, and that they flourish and improve, get
better, and grow stronger every day they live?
Now, what are the facts in relation to these claims? ■
A claim is presented to-day, and it may be rejected ;
or it may be paid; and though it may be wholly 1
without merit and most properly rejected, it is pre- i;
sented at the next Congress with more confidence ,
than ever, and so on from session to session and ,
from Congress to Congress, gathering size and ;
strength from every revolution. These claims, by ji
their frequent presentation, have greatly contn- !j
buted to'the number of cases mentioned; some of
them in the ten years having no doubt been count-
ed ten times, and nearly all more than once. It is
not then to be wondered at if the list of claims pre-
sented to Congress is very large, and the more rap-
idly it increases the greater evidence that Congress
has done its duty by rejecting the greater number
of cases.
These renewed cases receive accessions to their
number at every Congress, until their name is
"legion." But, sir, they are to a great extent
old claims—many as old as the Revolution, and
some even more ancient. And, sir, they have,
very nearly all, not been allowed, for the simple
reason that they should not be. But, sir, it is said
just claims are sometimes delayed. It is a stereo-
typed clause in every constitution of a State, and
as old_ as Magna Charta, that "justice shall be i
administered without sale, denial or delay." Yet
how are cases hung up in the various courts ? The
gentleman from New York could have told you j
that such was the situation of the courts in New |
York, that if a case be contested, a final decision j
could not be obtained short of four or five years.
Yet the State of New York does not propose to 1
abolish her courts. It is very common for cases .
to be delayed and continued in the courts for j
years—even longer than the lifetime of every par- I
ty to the record, bo that it descends from genera- |
tion to generation. That this should not be is
very true; but shoifiJ all courts be therefore abol-
ished ? So much in answer to the mere point of
delay.
But, sir, suppose there is delay in getting relief
from Congress, is this in
having legal and
proper claims upon the Government? Now, sir, |
legal claims all go to the Departments, and are not '
even presented to Congress. The claims that '1
come nere are nearly all addressed to the charity of
the Government, or at most appeals to its liber- .
ality. I am desirous that al! such applications
should receive the consideration they deserve, but I ,
am not sufficiently enlisted in their favor to sup- '
port any measure to facilitate their allowance
without regard to the interest of the Government
Renjly, sir, it seems that the public mind, or
rather the mind of many members of Congress, is
becoming restive lest means may not be devised
to diminish the money in the Treasury fast >
enough, and they are ready to aid in every effort
to accomplish an end, seemingly to them so desi-
rable. Claims, no matter how often and how
long refused, seem to have become stronger at this
sension than ever before. True, the resources of s.
the Government are greater than they ever were
before, its revenues having nearly doubled in the
last few years; yet its expenditures have increased
in a much greater proportion. Ten years ago we
supported our Army at an average expense of
about «,300 for each individual composing it,
whereas now we are asked to appropriate a sum
amounting to an average of over ^1,000 per man.
This is but one of many items that might be
enumerated, showing an enormous increase in
the expenses, the aggregate of which is like to
swallow up the whole income of the Government.
These considerations, in connection with the fact
that the United States now owe a debt of about
$75,000,000, should prompt us to redoubled dili-
gence in husbanding our national resources rather
than to the profligate practices that now prevail.
But to return to the bill before the House.
What are the evils complained of? First, it is
alleged that claimants or petitioners are greatly
delayed; secondly, that the labor of attending to
private claims is too great and that Congress must
be relieved of it. i will not trouble the House
farther upon the subject of delay.
It is said that the consideration of these claims
interferes with the public business and imposes
too much labor upon Congress. It is said we must
do something to rid this House of the trouble of at-
tending to private claims; that they intrench upon
the business of the House too much. Gentlemen
wish to be relieved of labor: verily it is desir-
able to have ease and rest, but it is our duty to de-
sire more the public good; and as for the allega-
tion that it interferes with the public business, it is
enough to remark, that if the cases are such as to
call properly for legislative action , they rightly con-
stitute a part of the " public business."
Now the question recurs, what remedy will the
measure proposed afford for the alleged evils? As
has been remarked, all legal claims can now be
paid upon application to the proper Department.
But it is the claims which are not provided for by
law that are to be referred to the proposed board.
Now, will gentlemen think for amomentwhat it is
they propose to do? These cases which, by rea-
son of their peculiarity, do not fall within the pro-
visions of the "aw, require special legislation for
their relief. Nothing will do but the making of a
special new law for the case in hand. The making
of laws is vested by the Constitution in Congress,
and Congress cannot delegate this power in any
case: if it can in one, it may, with equal propriety,
in all cases; and the proposed board may relieve
Congress of all its labors. But this is so absurd
that it is needless to multiply words upon this part
of the subje^
There are but a "very few members of this
House who are disposed to vest the proposed
board with power to make a final decision in any
case; and it is strange that there is one; for if
there is law to authorize thepayment, the bureaus
as now existing will settle it, and for such cases
no such board is even asked—it is only for such
cases as are not provided for by any law that the
board is to be created. No money can be paid
out of the Treasury without law. There is no
law to pay those claims, nor can they be provided
for by any general laws whatever, but each ca.se
must be the subject of legislation, such as its pe-
culiar merits demand. I maintain you cannot
delegate this power of legislation, nor can you
vest it otherwise than as it is done in the Consti-
tution.
" The legislative power" vested in Congress is
not the mere enacting of such laws as may be
directed by any other party, but it is first a power
to judge and determine of the necessity and pro-
priety of the proposed legislation, and when ap-
groved, then enforce the determination by an act.
ir, shall we part with the first and greatest, the
right to determine what we shall do, and make
Congress a mere machine to register the decrees
of this board of our own creation ? We have had
much complaint about Executive dictation, and
what is now proposed ?—to submit to the Presi-
dent's recommendation. Nay, more than that:
we are to pass a law to authorize the President to
appoint men, whose opinions are to control, or
have great influence upon Congress. Not to sub-
mit to lus dictation, but to that of his appointees.
(I say this not so much in reference to the Presi-
dent as to the members who are advocating this
bill.)
The proposition to make the decisions of this
Proposed board final meets with so little favor, that
will consume no more time in its consideration,
but proceed to notice the proposition which re-
] quires this board to report the cases passed upon
to 'Congress for final action. This in effect admits
that the power to adjust claims not provided for by
1 law cannot be delegated by Congress; and many
of the friends of this bill are opposed to it even
1 could it be done. What is to be the practical op-
eration of this new system ? You do not simply
require this board to collect and report the facts of
cases, but it is to be in all things constituted and
; proceed as a court. It is to have a clerk, with
assistants, one or more, and an attorney to represent
the United States, and the claimants are to have their
advocates, and the board is to hold its regular sit-
tings as a court of justice to hear and determine tho
. causes upon proof and argument, and make a rec-
ord of their decision; and after all this is done the
board must certify to Congress a copy, not of the
facts, nor of the opinion or judgment merely, but
of the whole case, petition—proof, and decree, all;'
and for what ? The cases are not provided for by
law, and Congress is the law-making power, and
the only power that can relieve. If Congress is
to be governed by the board, then it would be suf-
, ficient to report merely the "decision." And,
again, if it is to be controlled by the facts, the
proof is enough to be reported. In the first case,
what effect is the judgment of the board to have
upon Congress ? Is the board to act the part of a
grand-jury, to determine when the Government is
to be put upon its trig.1, and to say that it shall
i only be called upon to answer when this grand in-
I quest grants its permission? This cannot be so.
i You cannot prevent the citizens from memorial-
izing Congress; and the bill now proposed pro-
vides that in case a claim is rejected the party
may apply to Congress. Then the judgment of
this board, by the terms of the bill, is not to be
conclusive against either the United States or tho
petitioners. If it be the design that the facts of
; the several cases shall govern Congress, why,
i then, is this board to hear the proof and argument,
! and to decide? Is Congress unable to understand
the facts upon which it is to legislated In the early
days of the Government, and until now, Con-
gress has done its work without a guardian to ad-
vise and direct what it should do; but it seems
that gentlemen are unwilling longer to trust the
people's representatives without the advice, not of
the President, but of such persons as he may ap-
point. Sir, really and truly what good is to come
of this board? We are not to legislate upon the
assumption that we will not do our duty, and it
would be unseemly to assume it of our successors.
, These proceedings being upon the ground that we
| will act as beetles us, let us refer again to tho
practical operation of the proposed system. Gen-
tlemen say that the proceedings of this board will
enable members of Congress to understand the
| cases before Congress which otherwise they could
not comprehend. ®
| Now, sir, by this bill, if a petition does not
contain upon its face a case requiring relief in the ■
' opinion of this board, no proof shall be taken by
1 said board, but the party may apply to Congress,
and Congress will investigate as at present, by a
reference to One of its various committees, just aa .
though said board had not been created. If the
case is one where the petition contains matter for
relief in the judgment of the board, proof is or-
dered to be taken, and a trial is had. If the board
reject, then it must report the whole case, proof,
their opinion, and all, to Congress, and it must be
referred and pass through all the forms as at pres-
ent; and if said boar.d allow said claim, or give
judgment in favor of the claimant, then the case,
facts, proof, opinion, and all, must be reported to
Congress, and must be referred to a committee,
and reported upon, and understood by Congress:
for, if the case is a proper one, Congress must
legislate specially in relation to it. Now, sir, if
this legislation is done at the bidding of this board,
and without examination, then it is the legislation
of the board, and not of Congress; while, if Con-
gress does its duty, and properly investigates the
facts, and legislates as it should do upon this
knowledge, then the trial by the board was wholly
■ unnecessary. Then the question is fairly present-
ed, what good is to result from the passage of this
