1&51.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Board of Accounts—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. or Reps.
hill? It is Congress that must legislate; and to
justify Congress in legislating, the facts must be
understood. Its members are selected and sent
here because they are supposed to understand then-
duty; but this bill would fairly infer a very differ-
ent state of facts. Is it because legal questions
may arise that should be thus investigated ? Con-
gress is the constitutional court for the determina-
tion of such questions; and do gentlemen think
Congress inadequate to the task, and propose the
establishment of the board or court, having no
jurisdiction, but only aa a kind of moot court, the
decisions of which are in any way, directly or
indirectly, to control Congress? Sir, if they are
for this bill, they are for rJl these absurdities.
Congress has never established a board of claims
for the hearing of cases generally. The cases now
sought to be provided for have been referred alone
to Congress ever since the formation of the Gov-
ernment, and this notwithstanding the continual
efforts for the establishment .of some board of
claims. This, I insist, is a continued opinion of
Congress and the country against it. Vet there
are some facts in the history of the Government
which may be referred to profitably. After the
last war with Great Britain, it was found that
there were many of our citizens who had claims
against our Government for property lost and de-
stroyed, &c., durit9j> the war. This the property
not of soldiers wherrin service, but-of the citizens;
and strong appeals were made to Congress to pro-
vide some speedy mode for their adjustment. In
1816, Congress, moved by the character of these pe-
titions, passed a general law specifying the kind of
cases that were to be paid, and providing for a board'
to determine upon them. Yet such was the jealousy
of Congress, that this board, though to be re-
strained by a law then enacted defining the cases
to be adjudged, was limited in its existence to two
years. It should be remembered that this exper-
iment was made at a time when there was quite
as much virtue in the land as there is now, and
our citizens were then quite as trustworthy.
The proceedings of this commission were of
such a chal-acter as to attract the attention of Con-
gress, and to induce a call upon the Secretary of
War for information; and Mr. Calhoun, in 1818,
then Secretary of War, sent in a report, with
documents accompanying, which exposed the
evils attending its operation. The subject was
referred to a committee, of which the late Lewis
Williams,-of North Carolina, was chairman, a
man of great industry and decided ability. Mr.
Williams, on the 11th of March, 1818, niade a
report, to which I beg the attention of the House.
The report says:
" That in order to determine the propriety of continuing
the above recited act or of extending its provisions, they have
deemed it necessary to notice some of the practices which
have grown up under the law. They would invite the at-
tention of the House to a report of the Secretary of War,
made on the 20th of February, in compliance with a resolu-
tion directing him to lay before the House an account of
the sums awarded to the different claimants by the com-
missioner, under theMt of 9th April, 1816, the species of
property for which tKy were respectively awarded, dis-
tinguishing what sums have been paid, and the causes
which delay or prevent flie payment of the residue. Be-
sides tile documents from the Commissioner of Claims; the
report embraces a statement from the late acting Secretary
of War, (marked C, with documents marked one and two,
and a statement from the Third Auditor.) These papers
develop the fact, that on the frontiers of the State of New
York, a system of fraud, forgery, and perhaps peijury, has
been in operation, which the committee believe has never
been witnessed in this country, and which they would
hope has been rarely equalled in any other.
" The committee think the cases which will not be acted
on when the law expires, had better be transferred to the
War Department for adjudication. At presentall claims of
$200 and upwards, decided by the commissioner, must be
revised by the Secretary before they can be paid; and all
claims arising under the ninth section, must be reported to
Congress. The same errors of judgment, which should be
guarded against in a claim of large amount, ought equally
to be avoided in small claims, especially if often repeated,
which must b&the case as the law now stands. Correct-
ness, certainty, and dispatch, are the benefits likely to re-
sult from the proposed transfer.
"The committee cannot but express their deep regret that
any portion of the people of this country should so far for-
get the obligations of morality and social order-as to engage
in practices such as have been developed. Still more do
they regret that a law originating in the benign and charit-
able dispositions of Government should be prostituted to
purposes of such iniquity. If any people ever had reason
to be virtuous and happy, it must be the people of the Uni-
ted States. The opportunities of life are so numerous and
easy, the rewards of honest exertion so perfectly secured to
every individual, that any departure from correct principles
must be the result of a deep-rooted and causeless depravity.
Against such offences, the denunciations of reasons will be
of no avail. They are to be restrained only by the penal-
ties of the law, which should, in cases of this kind, always
be promptly and rigidly executed.
"Viewing the practices which have arisen under the
law, the committee feel no hesitation in saying, that the
act of the 9th April, 1816, and the act in amendment there-
of, passed the 3d of March, 1817, should be permitted to ex-
pire after the 9th of April next ensuing."
And so thought the fifteenth Congress—and the
act was permitted to expire. This experiment
satisfied the country that good would not come of
Boards of Claims; but this lesson, it is supposed,
has so far passed from the memory of the public
and of Congress, that anothertrial can be now had,
and we are now asked to establish what has been
proved inefficient aud dangerous to public morals
and to the public interest; and that under circum-
stances greatly more favorable to a successful
issue.
Mr. STRONG here interrupted the gentleman
from Tennessee, and asked if the act making pro-
vision for adjusting claims originating in the war
with Great Britain, aid ifot provide for making
the decision of the commissioner final ?
Mr. THOMAS replied: The decision was final
for sums under $200, but upon claims over
that amount, it was the duty of the Secretary to
reexamine and revise these cases, and upon satis-
factory proof, to pay them, but the Secretary, with
all his ability, and with the aid of the late Auditor
Peter Hagner, who was(ftenoneof the most efficient
men in the Government, could not prevent the
commission of frauds, and this for the reason that
the cases did not arise from any legal and regular
transactions with the Government, and to which its
officers were witnesses, and of which the Depart-
ments afforded evidence. And it is just such cases
that are to be referred to the proposed board—and
these are a class of cases that of all others require
the most undoubted proof, and the most scrutiniz-
ing examination. But I have not done with the
practical operation of thepropos'ed system. When
a claim shall be presented to your proposed board,
it is to be its duty to examine the petition; and if
good upon its face, by its terms then, proof shall
be ordered to be taken; but if, taking all the peti-
tion says to be true, no relief, in the opinion of the
board, should be granted, it is to be rejected,
and reported to Congress. . If ordered to be
proven, and then upon trial rejected, the whole
case must be reported to Congress. Thus, in
every case where an application is rejected, it must
come to Congress, and this by provision of your
bill. And why is this to be done ? That Congress
may revise the acts of this board 0mA if it has not
decided rightly, to reverse the decision and pro-
vide for its payment. If the board decides favor-
ably, your bill requires a like report that Congress
may revise the case, and, if right, provide for its
adjustment. So that the duties of Congress are
the same, to revise and thoroughly to understand
every case, as much so upon a favorable as an un-
favorable decision; and none of these revisions can
be made but upon'a careful examination of the
cases—the facts upon which relief is prayed for.
Such cases are now referred to a committee of nine
members. This bill rests upon the assumption, that
nine honorable gentlemen of this House, who may
be placed upon the Committee of Claims, will not
discharge their duties faithfully, and that we can
get three men appointed by the President who
will be more faithful than the representatives of
the people. It must be so, or you have no good
reasons for appointing such a board. You must
come to the conclusion that you can get three
men appointed by the President, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, who will better under-
stand their duty that! the members of this House.
You are not called upon to legislate as this man
or that may think just and right, but you are
called upon to legislate upon the facts of the case
themselves. Then, I maintain that there is no
use or necessity for this board whatever. The
existing evils are of such a character, if they be
evils, that you have no proposition pending which
can properly remedy them.
It is said the reports of your Board of Claims
will enable members to understand cases: but I
ask how it will have that effect? Will this board
communicate facts in any other way than by
means of the proof?
How are we to get at the facts ? They read the
proof, and cannot members do the same? Has it
come to this, that Congress is incapable of ex-
amining evidence, and that it is necessary for it to
have some tribunal established to tell it what it
must do? I appeal to the sound discretion of gen-
tlemen, is not this bill intended to appoint men
whose duty it shall be to advise us as to our duty,
to explain for us the law ? We may not, it seems,
administer it in our humble way, but we must
empower them to administer it for us. What are
they to do? They must report facts, and then
decide, and write out their opinion, for the guid-
ance of Congress in its examination; and we are
called upon thus to stultify ourselves, in aid of the
general desire to squander the public money.
In my judgment there is no demand for any
legislation upon this or upon many other measures
now before Congress. We should pass the prop-
er appropriations to carry on the Government,
and let all the new subjects lay over. The public
mind has been sufficiently excited, the country
demands peace, and let time do its work of har-
monizing the discordant feelings that have pre-
vailed. The great mass of our people are cor^pnt,
and it is only our capitalists or scheming specula-
tors that call for legislation upon new subjects.
The state Of our Treasury should cause us to
hesitate long before adopting any new measure
having a tendency even to expenditure. The
Mexican war was expensive, ana we heard much
upon the subject of the extravagance of the then
Administration. But will gentlemen compare the
first three years of Mr. Polk's administration with
the expenditures and estimates of the administra-
tions that succeeded. From statistics prepared
by my colleague, Mr. Jones, the following facts
appear:
The total cash expenditures for the first period
of three years, commencing July 1, 1845, and ter-
minating June 30, 1848, under the administration
of Mr. Polk, being the three years of the war
with Mexico, were $138,643,081 09; annual aver-
age, $46,214,360 36.
The' actual and estimated expenditures of the
second period, commencing July 1, 1850, and
ending June 30,1852, undef- the administrations of
General Taylor and Mr. Fillmore, being after the
close of the war with Mexico, were $141,217,-
809 37; annual average, $47,072,603 12; exceed-
ing the aggregate expenditures of the first period
$2,574,728 28, and an annual excess over the ex-
penditures of the first period of $858,242 76.
These facts should admonish gentletnen to re-
trenchment, arid this the more strongly, when it
is remembered that the present Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Corwin, estimates that there will
not be sufficient revenue to defray the ordinary
expenses of the Government; and all this should
be added to another fact, which to all prudent men
would be enough, that the.United States now owe
a debt of near seventy-five millions, a portion of
which falls due in 1853. Sir, under the present
state of affairs, the great subject should be re-
trenchment and economy; no new expenditures
until the national debt is paid. I feel that every
principle of prudence and patriotism demands this
course at our hands, and all my votes shall be to
effect this end so desirable. But, sir, to return to
the bill under consideration. There are courts
now in every Slate and Territory of (his Union;
held by United States officers, who are now in the
receipt of salaries from the Government; and if
Congress is determined to change the present
mode, then, sir, the best thing that can be done,
if a change must be, is to let the amendment
offered by the gentleman from North Carolina be
adopted, referring these cases to the courts now
organized, to be examined and reported for the
action of Congress. Sir, if we are_ tired of the
discharge of our constitutional duties, and must
be relieved, then transfer the duties to another
constitutional branch of the Government, and do
not labor to enlarge its powers by creating new
branches of Government, and new officers with
extended powers—powers extended to disburse
and scatter the money of the people, and for little
else. • The country has done well without such a
board from its commencement; and the hardships
now complained of are not among those who
have served the country, and who have lost their
property in the public service—no, sir. These
most meritorious of all cases are not thought of;
