184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
nor are the proper facilities afforded to enable
them to obtain their just claims before the Depart-
ment which should now, under the existing law,
grant relief. Any relief that I could extend to
claimants of any class I would gladly attempt.
But, sir, this bill gives no relief where relief is
most wanted and most deserved. Sir, the best
relief possible is to put proper men in the Depart-
ments, able and willing to do their duty, and
faithful men in Congress, as able and willing to
do theirs, and we shall have no use for any other
Board of Claims than those now existing.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. J. L. TAYLOR,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
Saturday, February 15, 1851.
The House being in Committee of the Whole Oh the state
of the Union, and having under consideration the River
and Harbor Bill—
Mr. TAYLOR said:
_Mr. Chairman: It has been my intention, when-
ever an opportunity offered in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to invite the
attention of the committee to some of the recom-
mendations in the President's message of various
measures, which, by the general consent of the
House, have been sent to the committees without
the usual discussion. The discussion of this bill
affords me an opportunity of calling the attention
of the committee particularly to the recommenda-
tions of the President, and it affords me an op-
portunity of expressing my concurrence, not only
in those recommendations, which I think wisely
given, but in the principle of appropriations for
the improvements of rivers and harbors, as con-
templated in this bill. In expressing my approval
of the principle involved in this bill, I would say,
that I do not desire to vote for all the various ob-
jects embraced in it. Not at all. I see that some
eighty-odd objects are specified, some thirty-odd
of which are for harbors on our eastern seaboard,
and the balance of these appropriations are for the
northern lakes and western waters. ' Some por-
tions of these objects have had the aid of this
Government during the greater portion of the last
thirty years, and they have been approved of, not-
withstanding the objections urged by gentlemen
upon this floor—by the most eminent constitutional
lawyers that this country has ever produced.
There have been many topics introduced in the
course of this discussion, which I would like, if
time permitted me, to advert to; and while I think
of it, let me say, in reply to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] who has just taken his
seat, when he charges the Whig party with hav-
ing introduced an apple of discord into the coun-
try in the shape of the Wilmot proviso—that he
should look nearer home—the author of that pro-
viso being one of that gentleman's own political
friends. He calls upon gentlemen upon this side
of the Chamber, and asks, is there one Whig here
who has stood by the ark of the Constitution in
the times that tried men's souls in this country,
upon all occasions. Sir, I stand here and proclaim,
that I, for one, have stood by the Constitution
which was made by our revolutionary fathers, and
I will not shrink from the performance of any duty
which my country may impose upon me. |
Sir, this debate will afford me an opportunity
of expressing my opinions upon some topics upon
which I have had no opportunity hitherto of
speaking, and I shall avail myself of it in speak-
ing upon several topics contained in the President's
message, and especially upon that portion of it
which relates to a tariff for raising the revenues of
the Government, and for protecting, to a reason-
able extent, the manufacturing interests of the
country. But, before I allude to that subject, I wish
first to addrsss myself to the bill now under con-
sideration. It is a bill entitled " A bill making ap-
propriations for the improvement of certain har-
bors and rivers." Now, this is a bill similar to
those which have been presented to this House at
different sessions, for more than thirty years.
Bills of this character have been approved by
Democratic and Whig Presidents, for making ap-
propriations for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors. They have been signed by men who are ,
preeminently Democratic, as well as by White Pres-
idents. Allusion has been made, m the course of
this discussion, to a veto of that great Democratic
exemplar—I mean General Jackson'—who vetoed
the Maysville road bill. But, sir, this did not re-
fer at all to the question of river and harbor im-
provements; it was a question as to whether this
Government should be united with a private cor-
poration, for the establishment of a turnpike road
through the State of Kentucky. Sir, I differed
upon that question with General Jackson. But,
if gentlemen will plead the influence of his great
name in support of their actions upon this floor, I
will undertake to show that General Jackson did
sign and approve bills making appropriations for
internal improvements of a national character.
I assure gentlemen that I have the statutes be-
fore me in which I can point out, if time would
allow me, appropriations for internal improve-
ments—for the improvement of harbors and rivers
during the administration ofGeneral Jackson, and
other Presidents who preceded him. I can point
to appropriations amounting to upwards of ten
millions of dollars, which were made during the
administration of General Jackson. In regard to
the Maysville road, to which the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] has alluded, I wish to
say to him, that $150,000 were appropriated by a
bill which passed this House and the Senate for
the construction of that road, and that this appro-
priation received the sanction of some of the most
eminent men the country has ever produced; men
whom no gentleman on this floor will charge with
having sanctioned acts which were unconstitu-
tional. Why, sir, when I look over the votes
upon that bill, I find the names of Benton and
Webster standing side by side in its favor. I find
the eminent names of Buchanan and Burnett in its
favor; I find that Rowan and Johnson, of Ken-
tucky, voted with Webster and Benton in favor of
that measure. I believe the reasons of General
Jackson for vetoing that bill were not so much on
account of its being a bill to aid a great measure of
internal improvement, as because it was uniting
this Government with a private corporation. And
besides this, probably, he entertained no little hos-
tility to that section of country which it was de-
signed to benefit. In my opinion, these were the
reasons which induced Gen. Jackson to withhold
his sanction from that bill, rather than because it
was to aid a measure of internal improvement.
Mr. Chairman, the bill now under considera-
tion proposes a variety of items for the improve-
ment of harbors and rivers. It proposes to make
several appropriations for the improvement of the
Mississippi and Ohio rivers, and their tributaries.
I am glad this opportunity has been afforded me
for the expression of my opinions upon this floor,
and to the country, that I believe it to be strictly
constitutional to make appropriations for these
purposes, and that I think that such appropriations
are loudly called for by vast interests of the western
country—by the commercial interests of the whole
country. I mean, that great, internal commerce of
the country, which is already swelling into an im-
portance far beyond our foreign commerce. I am
told it is more than treble the amount of our whole
foreign commerce; and I believe it will soon be
more than tenfold the amount of that now exist-
ing with all foreign nations.
The President of the United States, in his an-
nual message, has stated, in a very small compass,
the true grounds upon which I propose to place
my vote upon this subject, and upon which I be-
lieve the great body of the Whig party will place
their votes upon it. I will send it to the Clerk,
to have a part of the message read, which shows
upon what grounds the President recommends
these appropriations:
" I entertain no doubt of the authority of Congress to
make appropriations for leading objects in ttiat class of
public works comprising what ar  usually called works of
internal improvement. This authority I suppose to be de-
rived chiefly from the power of regulating commerce with
foreign nations, and among the States, and the power of
laying and collecting imposts. Where commerce is to be
carried on, and imposts collected, there mn-t be ports and
harbors, as well as wharves and custom-houses. If ships,
laden with valuable cargoes, approach the shore, or sail
along the coast, light-houses are necessary at suitable points
for the protection of life and property. Other facilities and
securities for commerce and navigation are hardly less im-
portant; and those clauses of the Constitution, therefore,
to winch I have referred, have received from the origin of
the Government a liberal and beneficial construction. Not
only have liuht-hou.es. bii.ns, and Iv-ncin- been established,
and floating lights maintained. but harbors have been
cleared and unproved, piers constructed, and even break-
waters for tile safety of shipping, and sea-walls to piotect
harbors from being tilled up, and rendered n-ele^s, by the
action of the ocean, have been erected at very great ex-
pense. And tills construction of tile Constitution appears
the more reasonable from the consideration, tli.it it' these
works, of such evident importance and utility, are not to
be accomplished by Congress, they cannot he areoniph.-h"d
at all. I!v the adoption of" the Constitution tile s,.Voral
States voluntarily pa'-ted with the power ol collecting du-
ties of impost in their own ports; and it :s not to be ex-
pected that they should raise money, by internal taxation,
direct or indirect, for the benefit of that commerce, the rev-
enues derived from which do not,"either in whole or in
part, go into their own treasuries. Nor do I jierceive any
difference between the flower of Congress to make appro-
priations for objects of tins kind on the ocean, and the
power to fhake appropriations for similar objects on lakes
and rivers, wherever thev are large er'ouib to hear on their
waters an extensive traffic. The magnificent Mississippi
and its tributaries, and the vast lakes of the north and tiie
northwest, appear to me to fall within the exercise of the
power, as ju'tly and as clearly as the Ocean and the Gulf
of Mexico, ft is a mistake to regard expenditures judi-
ciously made tor these objects as expenditures tor local pur-
poses. The position, or site of the work, is necessarily
local; but its utility is general. A ship canal around the
Falls of St. Mary of less than a mile in length, though local
in its construction, would yet be national ui its purposs and
its benefits, as it would remove the only obstruction to a
navigation of more than a thousand miles, alfeeting several
States, as well as our commercial relations with Canada.
So, too, the breakwater at the mouth of the Delaware is
erected, not tor the exclusive benefit of the States bordering
on the bay and river of that name, bat for that of the whole
coastwise navigation of the United States, and, to a con-
siderable extent also, of foreign commerce. If a ship be
lost on the bar at the enttanee of a southern port for want
of sufficient depth of water, it is very likelyto be a northern
ship; and if a steamboat be sunk in any part of the Mis-
sissippi, on account of its channel not having been properly
cleared of obstructions, it maybe a boat belonging to either
of eight or ten States. I may add, as somewhat remark-
able, that among all the thirty-one States, there is none tha t
is not, to a greater or less extent, bounded on the ocean, or
the Gulf of Mexico, or one of the great lakes, or some navi-
gable river.
'• fn fulfilling our constitutional duties, fellow-citizens, on
this subject, as in earning into effect all other powers con-
ferred by the Constitution, we should consider ourselves as
deliberating and acting for one and the same countiy, and
bear constantly in mind, that our regard and our duty are
due, not to a particular part only, but to the whole.
" I therefore recommend that appropriations be made for
completing such works as have been already begun, and
for commencing such others as may seem to the wisdom of
Congress to be of public and general importance."
Mr. Chairman, these few paragraphs introduced
into the annual message of the President of the
United States, in my view, present in a compre-
hensive form the true grounds upon which these
appropriations should be made. This power is
not derived, in my opinion, exclusively from the
right to regulate commerce witli foreign nations
and among the States, but it is also derived from
that clause in the Constitution which provides for
regulating and collecting imposts, as well as other
clauses of the Constitution. These are the grounds
upon which these appropriations should be made.
I think the President has fully stated this question
in his message, and therefore it is needless for me
further to comment upon it.
As I before stated, I am glad to have the oppor-
tunity of voting for an appropriation for a river
and harbor bill; though I sfinura unquestionably
vote against some of the specified appropriations in
this bill, for the reason that the great western
country—a portion of which I have the honor to
represent upon this floor—shares but little in the
appropriations provided for in the bill, and some of
the items in the bill before us seem to me unneces-
sary , and not such as demand my support. While
I have a seat upon this floor I shall never cease to
raise my voice, and to give my vote, for upholding
the commerce, the industry, and the labor of that
great section of the Union. Np provision designed
to benefit this portion of the country, I believe,
has been made under any act of this kind for more
than six years; none since that proposed in the
bill which was passed during the administration
of President Polk and vetoed by him. I was glad
to hear from the Democratic side of the House the
acknowledgment which the honorable gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] made when he said,
that the reasons of the late President Polk were
entirely unsatisfactory to him, and unsatisfactory
to his party, for vetoing what is called the river
and harbor lull, in 1848—that he acted unwisely
and inexpediently.
Sir, I had occasion in this House—and I think
it was the first question upon which I had the
honor to address a committee on this floor—tu
