186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sf.ss.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps
rivers and harbors, as well as to the improvement
of the harbors on our eastern seaboard.
The few remaining days which are left to us the
present session, I am aware, will not permit us to
act upon the various subjects which imperiously de-
mand the attention of our National Legislature. I
believe tiiere are many subjects which do impera-
tively demand the attention of Congress. I believe
the people of this country demand a thorough re-
vision of our whole naval system. I believe they
want a modification of the existing tariff, such as
will furnish an adequate protection to the inter-
ests of the laborer in every department of indus-
try. I believe the people of the country demand
such a reform. I believe the agricultural interests
demand it. And here I will say, that, representing
as I do a constituency principally engaged in ag-
ricultural pursuits, I will cheerfully do anything
which may tend to improve the condition of that
class of my constituency. Three fourths of the
people of the country are engaged in agriculture;
and I think their interests imperatively demand
the establishment of an Agricultural Bureau by this
Government. This subject has been before Con-
gress for many years. President after President
has recommended it, and yet not one step has
been taken by either branch of Congress to meet 1
the demands of this large portion of the Ameri- 1
can people. I think this demand ought to be met i
in the spirit of kindness, and justice, and liber-
ality; and whenever a plan shall be presented for !
the accomplishment of this object, I shall be ready
to give it my support.   I
I think a great many reforms might be judi-
ciously made in the administration of our Govern- 1
ment. In relation to our Indian affairs, I think j
the policy of the Government in relation to the •
Indian tribes should be carried out in a much
more economical way than at present. But in
relation to the Indian tribes upon our western
frontier, I would not diminish the amount of
-force concentrated upon that frontier. I think it
should be increased. This can be done without
increasing the expense of the army establishment.
It can be done by withdrawing a portion of the
force from the eastern seaboard. I think this |
should be done, though 1 will never withhold my I
vote for the proper appropriations, whenever any
exigency occurs requiring an increase of the Army
or Navy; but in a time of peace, I shall insist
that we should diminish these expenses, and strike
down the useless fortifications altogether, so that
we may be enabled to give something to sustain
the greit interests of commerce, especially of the
commerce of the Western country.
During the present session, I have lent my
feeble aid to the enactment of what is called the
cheap postage bill, which passed this House some
weeks ago, and which is intended to remove
the vast burden imposed upon the people of the
western country in the shape of taxes by postages.
During many years of my residence in that coun- i
try, I have been subjected, as well as every other
resident, to the enormous tax of twenty-five cents
upon most of the letters received. I think it is
due to the country that postages should be reduced
as low as the financial state of the Department
will bear; at all events, as low as the President
and Postmaster General have recommended.
We have tried in vain, Mr. Chairman, during
the present session of Congress, to pass another
law, equal in importance to any which has been
Fresented to Congress within the last twenty years,
refer to the establishment of a Board of Accounts
for the adjustment of private claims against the •
Government. It is a measure called for by the
difficulties and embarrassments which attend the
settlement of such claims, and which are increas-
ing more and more from year to year, as shown
by the experience of every member upon this floor
The public interests suffer greatly in consequence
of this state of things, and are needlessly embar-
rassed; and we will be compelled to adopt some-
thing like the plan which was discussed a few
days ago. I was in favor of the proposition for
Ihe establishment of a Board of Accounts: and
whenever it comes up again, it shall receive my
hearty cooperation, as I hope it will that of most of
the members on both sides of this Chamber. I sin-
cerely hope that this board may be established, so
that justice may be done to all citizens who seek
relief from the Government, and that the Govern- i
ment, too, may be protected from fraud, and that
speedy and prompt action may be had upon every
claim that is presented, whether jugt or not. But I
| do not expect that we shall be able to establish such
a board at this late period of the present session.
1 I have but one other topic to refer to, disclosed
1 in the President's annual message, to which I
think it is my duty to allude, in order to define
my position in relation to it. I mean that portion
of the President's message, in which reference is
made to the series of measures passed at the last
session of Congress, with a view to the final set-
tlement of the questions growing out of our terri-
torial acquisitions. Now, sir, I will trouble this
House by referring to the paragraph upon which
I wish to comment, and to which I wish to call the
attention of the House. It is familiar to you all.
It reads as follows:
" It was hardly to have been expected that the series of
tnca«ures passed at vour last session, with the view of
healing the sectional differences which had sprungfrom the
slavery and territorial questions, should at once have real-
ized their bcneficent purpose. All uiutual concession in
the nature of a compromise must necessarily he unwelcome
to men of extreme opinions. And though without £lich
concessions our Constitution could not have been formed,
and cannot be permanently sustained, yet we have seen
them made the subject of hitter controversy in both sec-
tions of the Republic. It required many months of discus-
sion and deliberation to secure the concurrence of a major-
ity of Congress in their favor. It would be strange if they
had been received with immediate approbation by people
and States, prejudiced and heated by the exciting contro-
versies of their representatives. I believe those measures
to have been required by the circumstances and condition
of the country. I believe that they were necessary to allay
asperities and animosities that were rapidly alienating one
section of the country from another, and destroying those
fraternal sentiments which are the strongest supports of
the Constitution. They were adopted in the spirit of con-
ciliation, and for the purpose of conciliation. I believe
that a great majority of our fellow-citizens sympathize in
that spirit, and that purpose, and in the main approve, and
are prepared, in all respects, to sustain these enactments.
I cannot doubt that the American people, bound together
by kindred blood and common traditions, still cherish a
paramount regard for the Union of their lathers; and that
they are ready to rebuke any attempt to violate its integ-
rity, to di^urb the compromises on which it is based, or to
resist the laws which have been enacted under its authority.
" The series of measures to which I have alluded are re-
garded by me as a settlement, ill principle and substance—
a filial settlement of the dangerous and exciting subjects
which thev embraced. Most of these subjects, indeed, are
beyond your reach, as the legislation which disposed ol
them was, in its character, final and irrevocable. It may
be presumed, from the opposition which they all encoim-
tered, that none of those measures were free from imper-
fections, but in their mutual dependence and connection
they formed a system of compromise, the most conciliatory,
and best tor the entire country, that could be obtained from
conflicting sectional interests and opinions.
u For this reason I recommend your adherence to the
adjustment establiApd by those measures, until time and
experience shall demonstrate the necessity of further legis-
lation to guard against evasion or abuse.
" By that adjustment we have been rescued from the
wide and boundless agitation that surrounded us, and have
a firm, distinct, and legal ground to rest upon. And the
occasion, I trust, will justify me in exhorting my country-
men to rally upon and maintain that ground as the best, if
not the only means, of restoring peace and quiet to the
country, and maintaining inviolate the integrity of the
Union."
I consider it my duty, as a Whig member of
Congress, representing a Whig constituency, and
coming from a northern State, to say that I highly
approve of the recommendation of the President
of the United States with regard to the settlement
of these questions; and I think he has acted with
such firmness, moderation, prudence, and above all
with such wisdom, that this recommendation ought
to be upheld and maintained by every intelligent
man in the country. Sir, look at what is said in
the annual message of the President in regard to
the settlement of these questions. You and I, sir,
who were present during the last Congress, will
recur to the scenes enacted in this Hall and in the
other end of the Capitol—the distracted state of
the country—the necessity for action upon this
question, and upon all the series of measures then
proposed. I really believe that nineteen twentieths
of the people of the United States, if not ninety-
nine hundredths, would concur with the Presi-
dent of the United States and the majority of Con-
gress as to the manner in which these questions
were settled and finally disposed of, if a vote was
taken this very day. I know there is an extrava-
gant ultraism in some portions of the southern sec-
tion of the country, and also in some portions of
my own State—but a very limited portion, how-
ever—and in many parts of the New England
States; and that great exception is taken to some
! of the laws comprehended within the series of
; measures known as the compromise measures.
, As I stated before, I believe that nineteen twen-
tieths of the people are satisfied with the settle-
ment of these questions, and that they will abide
faithfully by the decision then made.
I make these remarks because one of my col-
leagues, [Mr. Giddings,] in the early part of the
session, in the only speech which has been made
upon this subject during the present session, took
occasion, in the published report of his speech, to
refer to my action on what is commonly called the
fugtive slave bill. He took occasion to single me
out as one of three Whigs who voted for the fugtive
slave law, and abstained from referring to tventy-
odd Democratic members of the House, from north-
ern portions of the Confederacy, who also voted for
it, and fortheseries of measures; though the fugitive
slave law was only one of the series of measures,
and one I was induced to vote for, in order to the
settlement of the questions then agitating the coun-
try, and which I regarded as necessary to carry
out that provision in the Constitution which re-
quires us under our oaths " to deliver up fugitives
from labor." For my action in the settlement of
these questions I have been arraigned by a small
faction, who have denounced me for doing what I
believed to be my duty. And therefore I avail
myself of this the first occasion in my power to
vindicate my position. The constituency which I
have the honor to represent, sustained me in the
vote which I then gave; for they have returned
me to this body by a large majority in opposition
to the regular nominee of the Democratic party,
and the candidate of the Abolition faction, urged
j | on by demagogues and disorganizers in my own
! State, and at the seat of the General Government.
1 The constituency whom I have the honor to rep-
resent do not look at this matter as the dema-
1 gogues and disorganizers do, but they act for
themselves, and believe that the votes I gave in
j regard to Oregon, California, New Mexico, Utah,
' the slave trade in the District of Columbia, and the
j( settlement of the Texas boundn™-, (which I con-
i sidered far above them all in importance,) were
right, and those votes met jvith their approval.
'! They approved of my action in regard to all of these
measures, and in regard to the fugitive slave law.
Another gentleman in this Hall [Mr. Gorman]
! has charged us upon this side of the House with
having deserted the " ark of the Constitution" in
regard to the great questions referred to by the
President, including the law for the arrest of fugi-
tives from labor. It is a singular fact connected
with the fugitive slave bill, which I wish to bring
. to the notice of this House and the country, that
. when it passed the Senate, or rather, when the test
; vote was taken upon its engrossment, after it had
j been discussed, examined, and considered by the
I distinguished SenatorfromKentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
! by the distinguished Senatorfrom Michican, [Mr.
; Cass,] by the distinguished Senator from Mis-
' souri, [Mr. Benton,] and by other distinguished
Senators, that although the Wiion was snid to
hang like "a silken cord" upon the passage of this
' bill, more than one third of the Senators were ab-
' sent from, their seats anil did not vote—ticenty-one
'r out of sixty. Most of the leading members of the
Democratic and Whig parties, and the chief of
those called Free-Soilers, were absent. Tv-enty-
! one out of sixty of the Senators were absent; some
, of those, whose friends desire to make candidates
for the Presidency, and they no doubt had their ex-
' cuses. Heft are the names of those absent or not
voting: Messrs. Benton, Borland, Bright, Clarke,
Clay, Cass, Clemens, Dickinson, Douglas, Ewing,
t Felch, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Morton, Norris,
Phelps, Pratt, Seward, Shields, and Whitcomb—
21. *
Some were indisposed. Mr. Ewing was detained
at his room by sickness; but it was publicly un-
derstood that he would have voted against the bill.
Others were, perhaps, recreating at some watering
place, and some might have been absent in connec-
tion with some important business, and some who
did not vote, I am told, were in their seats at the
time, and were silent. The bill was finally ordered
' to be engrossed, by a vote of some thirty-odd yeas
and nays, and it came to us at a late period of the
session. The bill was never printed in this House,
and we had no opportunity to examine its provi-
" sions. It went to the Judiciary Committee, and
