19a
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Crowell.
Ho. of Reps.
provement of rivers and harbors, and the fugitive
slave law of the last session. It will not be
deemed unreasonable in me, I hope, to ask the
committee to indulge me a short time in making
an explanation of the reasons and motives which
governed my votes on these deeply-interesting and
important questions.
The different branches of industry throughout
the country which give employment to so many
millions of our countrymen, are closely interwoven
and connected together, and a shock received by j
any one is very certain to be communicated to all
the rest. This will be apparent to all observers
who have paid much attention to current events
for a few years past.
I think, sir, it may safely be said, that all kinds
of legislation, and especially that which pertains to
the revenues of the country, affect more or less its
industry; and the great problem to be solved by
the statesman is, in what way can the most mis-
chief be shunned? and what line of policy will
produce the greatest amount of good to the indus-
trial pursuits of the people of every description ?
A stranger to our professions and habits might
easily be misled by appearances; and were he to
give us who occupy seats in this Hall, credit only
for what we did, he would naturally conclude that j
the measures most hurtful and disastrous to the |
country and its industry, were most likely to re-
ceive our support. Revenue to defray the ex-
penses of Government must be drawn from some J
source. How shall it be obtained ? In what way ]
shall the Treasury be annually replenished ? To
these interesting questions it is the duty of the -
legislator to respond. i
Political economy, which has for some time j
been cultivated and taught as a science, professes
to shed some light upon these inquiries. It cannot 1
be too deeply regretted, however, that unsound
and fanciful theories, so apt to mislead the young
and inexperienced, Are so frequently taught in our
schools and colleges, which experience demon-
strates to be false, and the practical statesman and
legislator are obliged to unlearn and repudiate. Its
appropriate province seems to be to unfold the man-
ner in which wealth, in social and civilized States
or communities, is produced, distributed, and con-
sumed, and. the influence which protective legisla-
tion exerts upon the general prosperity of a State,
and the different departments of its industry. It
is not my purpose to consume time, let me here
remark, in elementary discussions upon this sub-
ject. Now is not the time, nor this the occasion
fjr such discussions. The narrow limits to which
your rules confine me, forbid any attempt, fur-
ther than my present purpose demands, at expos-
ing the errors, and controverting the different theo-
ries opposed to my own opinions, which have
found advocates during the protracted struggle that
political economy has encountered in rising to the
dignity of a science. It would require time and
labor not at my command. And allow me to say,
sir, that I do not possess the ability or inclination
to undertake such an enterprise; and if I were vain
enough to embark in it, the space allotted to meat
this time would preclude it. 1 must, therefore, be
contented to state the conclusions of myownmind,
and some of the reasons which have led to them
and governed my votes.
Theopposition to protective legislation assumes,
contrary to the fact, that as to industry and trade
the whole world is one community, and that the
municipal regulations o4 separate and independent
States ought to be framed ajMl administered upon
the supposition of universal fraternity. It also as-
sumes that there is no competition among the dif-
ferent nations of the earth, in their commercial and
industrial interests, such, at any rate, as would
justify the interposition of the legislative authori-
ty. How entirely false and delusive these assump-
tions are, will appear sufficiently evident in the
course of my remarks, if I am fortunate enough
to make a proper use of the facts at my com-
mand.
It is no less convenient and praiseworthy in
nations than in individuals to be independent of
others, and experience has shown that it is both
unsafe and unwise to continue in a state of depend-
ence upon those who, though now friendly, are,
at any moment, liable to become enemies. While
in a state of colonial vassalage and dependence on
Great Britain, the people of this country were not
allowed to engage in the manufacture of those ar-
ticles that would serve to promote their independ-
ence of the parent State. Their workshops were
'in England, and every effort was made to continue
them there; and by this contrivanc? it was sup-
posed by sagacious British statesmen of that day,
our dependence upon the mother country could be
indefinitely prolonged. The failure of the scheme
only shows how irresistible is the love of liberty
and independence when opposed by State policy
and acts of legislation!
Agriculture, it maybe observed, is the great pri-
mary pursuit; and as long as the judgment of the
Creator pronounced against Adam remains unre-
versed, it will probably continue so. As civili-
zation advances, however, and efforts to improve
his condition prompt man to desire more expen-
sive clothing than fig-leaves, his pursuits undergo
a change and become more diversified. The me-
chanic and manufacturer now make their appear-
ance and find employment, and exchange the fruits
of their industry for the produce of the farmer.
In this way, by a division of labor, both are mu-
tually benefited, their comforts increased, and tlieir
condition improved. Prom this it would seem to
follow, as a natural sequence, that the farmer, me-
chanic, and manufacturer ought to be near neigh-
bors, so as to indulge in habits of frequent and
friendly intercourse, and that our workshops should
beat home and not abroad, and that our mechan-
ics should reside among us, and not in foreign
countries. And this is the argument in favor of
protective legislation and discriminating duties
upon articles that come in competition with those
made by our own mechanics and manufacturers,
j And I must be allowed to say I have never known
it successfully answered. *
No people much advanced in the arts of civil -
I ized life will ever expose themselves, for a great
' length of time, to the expense and inconvenience of
sending the raw material abroad to be returned in
the form of manufactures for home consumption,
j The slightest interruption of friendly relations
will stop the supply, and the confiding State be-
comes at once the victim of free-trade theories.
[ If the desire of emancipation from foreign depend-
I ence and control is not sufficiently powerful to se-
cure the adoption of a different policy, motives of
convenience and self-interest are seldom unsuc-
cessful. And hence we find all wise governments
protecting the interests of labor as well as those of
trade and commerce.
Great inconvenience was experienced, as I have
already intimated, at the commencement of the
war of the Revolution, from dependence on the
mother country, and a want of ability to supply
articles necessary for the comfort of the people,
the prosecution of the war, and the defence of the
country. The colonies were permitted only to
produce the raw material, but were not allowed to
engage in manufactures. Their workshops and
manufacturing establishments were in England;
and this circumstance, it was supposed, would
render all efforts at independence perfectly fruit-
! less and unavailing. It happened then as now,
that there was a party willing to favor and pro-
mote the interests of Great Britain and her capi-
talists at the expense of their own country. The
number then was small, and I could wish, sir,
that it had not increased with eur population.
Fortunately for the country, these facts were fresh
in the recollection of the framers of tlie Constitu-
tion when they assembled in convention at Phila-
delphia, in 1787, and they wisely clothed the Na-
tional Legislature with power " to lay and collect
1 taxes, duties, imposts, &c., and provide for the
' common defence and general welfare of the United
, ' States, and also to regulate commerce with for-
' eign nations, and among the several States, and
' with the Indian tribes."
In fulfillment of obligations thus imposed, and
in obedience to the public will and the pressing ne-
cessities of the country, the second act passed by
Congress under the Constitution is an act for levy-
ing a duty on goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported into the United States, the leading object
1 of which is thus disclosed in the first section:
" Whereas it is necessary for the support of Gov-
1 ernment, for the discharge of the debts of the
' United States, and the encouragement and protec-
' lion of manufactures, that duties be laid on goods,
' wares, and merchandise imported." And the
third act of the same Congress is one imposing
duties on tonnage, for the encouragement and pro-
tection of commerce carried on in American ves-
sels.
From that day to the present, many acts have
been passed imposing discriminating duties in fa-
vor of our own mechanics, manufacturers, and
other laborers, the most important of which %re
those of 1828,1832, and 1842. But party rancor,
blind with rage and rioting in the desolation and
misery which its own madness and folly have be-
gotten, led on and encouraged by sectional ani-
mosities, have swept all these away, with infinite
loss and damage to the free labor of the cquntry.
Reports from the heads of the Treasury Depart-
ment and Executive messages have, with few
exceptions of recent date, harmonized in recom-
mending the protection of our own industry in
opposition to that of foreign countries; and this
has been done upon the just and wholesome prin-
ciple, no doubt, that the labor of the country, the
toiling millions, who contribute so much to the na-
tional wealth and prosperity, as well as the com-
merce and merchant princes, are not unworthy of
the protecting care of a wise and paternal govern-
ment. Why, sir, protection is written in strong
and legible characters upon every page of our
legislative history. To the general harmony of
views upon this beneficent policy that has signal-
ized the executive administration of the General
Government from the days of Washington to the
present time, there has been, I am ready to admit,
an occasional discord. The last of these gave
birth to that legislative monstrosity, the revenue
law of 1846, under the blighting effects of which
the industrial pursuits of the mechanic and manu-
facturer are languishing in every part of the
country.
I shall presently notice some of the defects of
this measure, and show its practical operation
upon some of the departments ofmdustry. Though
an elementary discussion of this subject may not
be admissible in this presence and on this occa-
sion, it is not improper to observe that the general
advantages which always result from the encour-
agement of manufactures and the m«chanicarts, in
our own experience, are numerous and striking, and
such as cannot fail to arrest the attention'of every
one, and need not, therefore, be stated in detail.
But, sir, I cannot forbear, in this connection, to
mention some of the more conspicuous. Among
these may be enumerated the division of labor,
which increases the skill of workmen, and, by
separate and distinct occupations, saves time, and
thereby cheapens the products of industry; the
extension of the use of machinery; additional em-
ployment to classes of community not usually
engaged in the business, and that might otherwise
spend much of their time in idleness; the furnishing
of a wider range and greater scope to the talents
and dispositions which distinguish men from each
other; the opening of new fields for enterprise; an
increased capacity for consumption among all
classes, and, above all, the sure and reliable de-
mand which it creates for the surplus produce of
the farmer.
It might seem strange, indeed, were we ignorant
of the vagaries and disorders to which the mind
is liable, and of which it se frequently and uncon-
sciously becomes the victim, that some men can
discover in a line of policy so fruitful of beneficent
results to the interests of labor in all its various
departments, nothing but a system of plunder and
outrage, which was designed and contrived to
make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
And yet such is the fact, if we may credit the
denunciations to which protection has given rise
in some parts of the country; and in those, too,
where it is not only most needed, but its benefits
are most apparent. Upon no practical question
relating to morals or legislation, has the influence
of theories, often absurd and ridiculous, been
more disastrous, and upon none has a fiercer war
been carried on against the safe and wholesome
principles of induction; and the antagonism of pro-
tection and free trade seems to have become a per-
manent element of discord and division in our
political and economical discussions. The result
of the controversy is invested with no small im-
portance, when it is remembered that it will decide
the deeply-interesting question, whether colonial
dependence, or what is nearly assimilated to it, is
