1831.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
31st Cons 2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. CroweU.
Ho. or Reps.
to he the settled and pe rnvvnent policy of the Gov-
ern men!: or whether we are to be allowed, by the
development of our own resources, to rise in fact,
as wt-iiive a! retul y in theory, to the respectability
and dignity of an independent notion. This is the
rax: question, whatever may be said or done to
c iii t.n! or disguise it.
ite ad viH-rttea of free trade assume that there is
not only a universal brotherhood among nations,
t ut thai they are all equally capable of prosecuting
sueresslitUy the different branches of industry,
and that no one possesses any advantages over the
others. Now this is palpably false, as everybody
knows; am! yet it is the foundation on which the
theory rests tor support. It must be conceded by
every candid mind, that the interest of capttal and
the j'rice of labor, where it is abundant, as it is
known to be in some countries, that enters so
largely into the value of manufactured articles, a
knowledge of the arts, improvements in machin-
ery, the cost of the raw material, the experience
and skill of workmen, and the facility of trans-
portation, make a distinction between different
fclvves, which can only be compensated by dis-
criminating- duties or legislative restrictions.
And in conformity wjth these admitted facts,
we find that most countries, with the history of
whose government and legislation we are ac-
quainted, hare been obliged, upon the principle of
self-defence and se'f-preservation, in direct oppo-
sition to the teachings and speculations of mere
theorists, to adopt this practical view of the sub-
ject nnd impress it upon their legislation.
Why, sir, it will exhaust and ruin any country,
to be the producer merely of the raw material, and
depend upon others for manufactures. The rich
and virgin soil of a new couatry may endure the
pricess for a long series of years, but it will ulti-
mately wear out and become exhausted. And we
are not witiiout examples to illustrate the truth of ,
this observation. For no fact in the science of
political economy is established upon a firmer
foundation, and no country in the world, perhaps,
furnishes more convincing proof of it than Ireland
since its union with England. The import of
■wheat and other grain into England in 1801, the
rear after the union, was a little over half a mil-
lion of quarters, and in 1838 it had risen to the
enormous amount of about three millions and a
ha'r; and at the same ratio of increase it would in
1350 amount to nearly five millions of quarters.
Here the producer was on one side of the chan-
nel, and tne consumer and bis workshop on the
other; and the terrible famine of 1846, and subse-
quent years, that desolated that beautiful island,
in which so many perished by hunger, was noth-
ing more nor less than the result of the exhausting
process to which England, for more than forty
year*, had subjected that ill-fated country.
It is wise, S'r, to give heed to the lessons of ex-
perience, and no theory of political economy that
is not supported by facts, is worthy of consider-
ation, or should be permitted to influence the con-
duct of the legislator. A brief reference to our
own legislation, and its influence upon the differ-
ent branches of industry and the general pros-
perity , will serve to expose the fallacies, if not to
correct the errors, of the advocates of free trade.
Passing over some earlier acts of Congress which
embody the principle of protection, I begin with
the tariff of 1>328. This act was passed, it will
be remembered, amidst the denunciations of free-
trade theorists, and their confident predictions that
duties levied on imported fabrics that came in
competition with our own manufactures, would
increase the price to the amount of the duty, and
thereby become an oppressive tax upon the con-
sumer. The event has shown that it is only ne-
cessary to secure the home-market, in order to
stimulate production, and thereby reduce the price
of the protected article. When this act became a
law, the domestic consumption of cotton did not
exceed one hundred thousand bales, and the pro-
duction of iron did not much exceed one hundred
thousand tons, and the import was about forty
thousand tons. The domestic production of coal
did not much exceed one hundred thousand tons,
""'nv 'mP°rt was only thirty thousand tons.
The average export of all kinds of provisions
for a period of ten years, from 1821 to 1831, was
a.xmt §12,500,000. Now, mark the effect of pro-
tection, and observe how completely it overthrows
the speculations jtnd falsifies the predictions of its
enemies. Within four years from its [mssage, or
from the time it took effect—that is, at the date of
the compromise act in 1833, the production of iron
rose to more than two hundred thousand tons,
and the domestic consumption of cotton in 1834
to two hundred and sixteen thousand bales, and
the consumption of wool had increased more than
twenty millions of pounds, and the production of
coal had increased from one hundred thousand in
1828 to about five hundred thousand tons. And
the exports of breadstuff's from 1829 to 1834, a
period of five years, so f.ir from falliiig.off under
the operation of that "bill of abominations," ac-
tually increased to an average of $13,500,000 per
annum. The exj>ort of cotton, from two hundred
and ninety millions of pounds in 1829, advanced
to three hundred and eighty-five millions in 1834,
with nearly a corresjHmding increase in rice and
tobacco. And during the.same period such was
the increased prosperity of the country under the
stimulus imparted to industry, and the alluring
prospects held out to the sons of liberty in other
countries, that immigration increased from twenty-
seven thousand one hundred and fify-three in IS"29
to sixty-five thousand three hundred and fifty-five
in 1834. The importation of salt rose from four
and a half millions of bushels in 1829 to more than
six millions in 1834; sugar from ninety-six mil-
lions of pounds to one hundred and fifteen millions;
tea from six millions eight hundred pounds to more
than thirteen millions; coffee from thirty-eight mil-
lions three hundred thousand pounds to forty-four
millions; and pig-copper from an amount equal in
value to $412,000 to $586,000; thus demonstrating
the important fact, that protection gives increased
ability to purchase and pay for the products of
other countries; apd this is followed by increased
, consumption of such articles. Foreign commerce,
which some have supposed could not flourish in
an atmosphere of protection, and ship-building
also, felt the general impulse, the amount of ton-
nage in 1 -*29 being fifty-ei ht thousand, and in
1833 it had increased to one hundred and eighteen
thousand tons. The revenue was also greatly
benefited by the increase in the productive power
of the country.
The average receipts from customs for two
years preceding 1829 was §24,800,000, and in
1832 it had risen, under a gradual annual increase,
occasioned by the flourishing condition of our in-
dustry, to 531,865,000. Labor was well rewarded,
and general prosperity pervaded all the depart-
ments of industry, and extended throughout the
whole country. None were discontent^ and un-
happy but those whose political dogmas expe-
rience had shown were puerile and absurd, and
were likely, therefore, to be repudiated by those
Who had been duped by them. But the evil ge-
nius of sectional jealousy viewed the scene with
dislike and hatred. Free labor was too well re-
warded and prosperous to escape its notice, and !;
summoning to its aid the base subserviency of !
party, and of a party, too, that never failed, when
required, to prostrate itself in the dust at the feet
of southern masters, all this wide-spread pros-
perity was stricken down at a blow by the passage
of the " compromise act" of 1833.
And, sir, it is my deliberate judgment, that no
measure since the embargo of 1807, whatever the
intentions of the author may have been, has pro-
duced such desolating effects upon the country as
this. All kinds of industry wasted away under
it, especially agricultural; and the exports of pro-
visions fell to $9,588,000 in 1837; though the im-
ports in three years, from 1835 to 1838, amounted
to about $400,000,000—being one hundred and
forty millions more than the exports in "the same
time, for which wc were indebted to other coun-
tries that had consented to give us credit. The
disasters which followed these large importations,
for which the country was so greatly indebted, I
need not recapitulate. They are too deeply im-
pressed upon the mind, too fresh in the recollection,
to require it. They will not soon be forgotten by
the men of this generation.
After struggling and floundering under the oper-
ation of this act for a series of years, the people of
the country aroused from their prostrate condition
and repudiated it, and overthrew the party that
presided at its birth, and rocked the cradle of its
infancy. And at the Mcond session of the twenty- ; j
seventh Congress the law of 1842 was passed.
11 And now let us look again for a moment upon the
,| wonderful effects of the invigorating principle of
1 protection upon the blighted prosperity and the
languishing interests of the country. From 1843,
when the act took effect, to 1847, the production
• of iron increased from two hundred thousand to
eight hundred thousand tons; coal from one mil-
lion one hundred thousand to three millions of
tons; and lead from four hundred and seventy
thousand to eight hundred thousand pigs. The
domestic consumption of cotton advanced from
three hundred thousand to about six hundred
thousand bales; and wool from fifty to eighty mil-
lions of pounds. The production and export of
cotton, rice, and tobacco, largely increased from
1843 to 1846, and the average annual export of
provisions during the same time had risen to more
than twenty-two and a half millions of dollars.
This enabled the country to purchase and consume
a much larger amount of foreign products without
running into debt, as it did under the " compro-
mise act;" and from an average of six millions
eight hundred thousand bushels of salt, in 1841
and 184'^ the quantity increased in 1846 to eight
millions nine hundred thousand bushels; sugar
from one hundred and fourteen millions of pounds
to two hundred and thirty-two millions; coffee
from one hundred and seven millions to one hun-
dred and fiAy-two millions of.pounds; tea from
thirteen millions to fourteen millions two hundred
thousand pounds; and pig copper from $590,000
to $1,490,000. There was also a largely increased
export nnd consumption of cotton, woolen, and
other goods; and ship-building was augmented
from one hundred and fourteen thousand in 1842
to two hundred and forty-six thousand tons in
1846; and during the same period the revenue in-
creased from $16,400,000 to $26,712,000. "The
' annals of the world,"* says Mr. Carey, " may
' be challenged for the production of any such re-
1 suscitation as that which took place in this coun-
' try under the «benign' influence of the tariff of
' 1842. At the date of its passage there was no
' demand for labor, and the laborer could consume
'little food or clothing—no demand for cotton,
' wool, coal, iron, or cloth; and the producers of
' these commodities were fast becoming bankrupt.
• Production was small and commerce seemed al-
•most approaching its end; roads and canals
' were unproductive; corporations and States
' were bankrupt; and the Union, after having dis-
' charged its debt by the aid of the revenue re-
' ceived under the tariff of 1828, had gone in debt
' so heavily under the compromise that its agent,
' after a long visit to Europe, was compelled to
1 return without having negotiated even a single
' dollar of the loan it desired to contract. Go where
' he might, he was met with vituperation of the
■ foulest kind, while the newspapers of England
' teemed with abuse, compared with which, that
' which has been bestowed on the thrice bankrupt
' Austria or Spain might be deemed highly com-
' plimentary; yet it is moderate, compared with
' that which awaits us at the next revulsion.
' At the close of this brief period of real ' pros-
' perity, 'how great was the change 1 Labor was
' everywhere in demand. Planters nad large crops,
' and the domestic market was growing with a
' rapidity that promised better prices. The prod-
' uce of the farm was in demand, and prices had
'risen. The consumption of coal, iron, wool,
' and cotton and woollen cloth, was immense, and
' rapidly increasing, while prices were falling be-
' cause of the rapidly-improving character of the
' machinery of pr duction. Production of every
' kind was immense, and commerce, internal and
' external, was growing with unexampled rapidity.
' Shipping was in demand, and its quantity was
' being augmented at a rate never before known.
' Beads and canals were productive. Corpora-
1 tions had been resuscitated, and States had re*
' commenced payment, and the credit of the Union
' was so high, that the same persons who had vili-
' fied the people and Government of the Union in .
• 1842, were now anxious to secure their custom
' on almost any terms, having become as fawning
' now as before they had been insolent."
Such, sir, is a truthful picture of the brief reign
of protection, and such the magic influence of the
*Tha Proapeot at tbe opening of 1851, p. 34-5.
