1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Crowe.ll.
Price $ I 50 for this Session.
sentatives passed a resolution instructing Mr, Cal-
houn, then Secretary of War, to report at the next
session " a plan for the application of such means i
as are within the power of Congress for the pur- i
pose of opening such roads and canals as may de-
serve and require the aid of Government," &c.
In this report he says:
" A judicious system of roads and canals constructed for
the convenience of commerce and the transportation of the
mail only, without any reference to military operations, is ,
itself among the mest efficient means fbr the more complete
defence of the TTnited States. Without adverting to the
fact that the reads and canals which such a system would
require, are, with few exceptions, precisely those which
would be required for the operations of war,such a system,
by consolidating the Uitt:>n,increasingour wealth and fiscal
capacity, would add greatly to our resources in war." * *
*' Thus circumstanced, it is the duty of Government to ren-
der it as secure as possible."
More than $3,600,000 were appropriated in three
bills, which received General Jackson's signature
on the last night of his official existence. The fol-
lowing are the sums appropriated:
In the river and harbor bill $1,917,188 08 ,
For the Cumberland and other roads  237,496 63
Light-house bill  721,294 00
Annual expenses of light-houses, &c., for the
year 1837, contained in the general appropri-
ation bill  311,255 00
Coast survey     60,000 00
$3,237,633 63
The appropriations for internal improvements
during the four years of John Q.u irrcy Adams's ad-
ministration were more than $2,300,000, and in the
eight years of General Jackson's, they exceeded
*10,500,000. And Mr. Van Buren so far redeemed
nis promise to walk in the footsteps of his "illus-
trious predecessor," as to approve a bill in the first
year of his administration appropriating for rivers j
and harbors, $1,489,507 53: |
Bill for Red river raft  $70,000 00 :
Cumberland road, Sec  459,000 00
Roads in Florida  37,300 00
do. in Wisconsin   44,000 00!
For light-house establishment, contained in the
general appropriation bill  356,863 00 !
Coast survey, do. do  90,000 00 '
Light-house bin, for new light-houses, fcc.... 340,395 36
 i
First year of Mr. Van Baren's administration. $2,885,065 89 :
In thecourse of this discussion we have been
entertairwl, if not instructed, by listening to a va-
riety of objections to the passage of this bill. I
Among others, we are gravely informed that Con- !
gress has no power to make the appropriations,
and afford the protection to domestic commerce
which the bill proposes. I have listened, sir, with
respectful attention to the constitutional arguments ,
which honorable members have addressed to the
committee; and while I cheerfully acknowledge |
my obligation, according to parliamentary rule, to ,
treat them courteously, I must be allowed to ex-
press surprise that any gentleman, whose geograph-
ical and other studies have been sufficiently com-
prehensive to enable him to find his way to this :
•capital, should urge them on this occasion. Why,
sir, the principle of protection is written on every j
page of our national history, as will appear from
the rapid sketch which I have presents; and un- |
iess you pervert the plain meaning of language
and blot out the pages of our legislative history,
and change the provisions of the Constitution, you .
must admit the correctness of that principle, and
the constitutional power of Congress to pass the i
bill under consideration. 1 have occupied a seat
in this Hall a sufficient length of time to be cured
of any superstitious reverence for legislative pre-
cedents that"I may have brought with me; still it
is proper to remark, that they ought not to be dis-
regarded and abandoned when they have been fol-
lowed for a long time, without strong and satis- i
factory reasons. And it seems to me that none j
exist in the present instance. The language of the |
Constitution is plain and unambiguous, and confers :
upon Congress the power—
" To lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States." j
" To provide and maintain a Navy."
" To raise and support armies."
" To establish post offices and post roads." (
" To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among
the several States, and with the Indian tribes."
*' To make alt lawt which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers."
I am not ignorant, sir, of the facility with
which constitutional objections are produced when jj
certain gentlemen wish to defeat a measure, to the II
New Series—No. 13.
i success of which they may happen to be opposed,
j Such objections are a convenient shelter for their
hostility. In the present instance, I trust they
will be unsuccessful. Large expenditures are
annually made for the Navy, varying from five to
ten millions of dollars, to protect our foreign com-
merce; and we never hesitate to make liberal ap-
propriations for the improvement of harbors on
the Atlantic coast, the construction of piers, and
sea-walls, and breakwaters, and buoys, and bea-
con lights, for the safety and convenience of trade
and navigation; and no one calls in question our
1 right to do it, or strives to defeat- the appropria-
tion. And immense sums of money may be
drawn from the National Treasury to transform
frog-ponds into navy-yards, as at Gosport; and
the public revenue prodigally expended upon
works of no importance or utility, like the Rip
Raps, when, for all the purposes of commerce or
national defence, this structure -would be quite as
serviceable in Pennsylvania Avenue, or on the
summit of the Alleghany Mountains, as in its
present position. All this may be done, in the
opinion of some gentlemen, without the slightest
infraction of the Constitution, or violation of the
resolutions of "98. I do not wish to depreciate or
undervalue the foreign commerce of the country,
or withhold from it all needful protection. Its
amount is large, and varies from one to two hun-
dred millions annually. It is the fruitful source,
I am free to admit, of much of our wealth and
prosperity, but it is not the only or principal
source. If any gentleman has fallen into that
error, let him venture across the Alleghanies, and
descend to the valley that lies beyond. He will
there find lakes and rivers affording navigable
communication of more than twenty thousand
miles in extent, on whose bosom is borne a com-
merce which has been cteatcd within the last half
century, exceeding in amount five hundred mil-
lions of dollars annually. Throughout this region
and over these fertile plains, the sun rises and sets
on freemen, who go in the morning to their cheer-
Ifultoil, and return in the evening to the enjoy-
ment of that repose, at their quiet homes, which
voluntary labor never fails to render sweet and
refreshing. The villages, towns, and cities along
these lines of communication, not the growth of
centuries, like those on the Atlantic border depend-
ing on foreign commerce, may be said, almost
without a figure of speech, to spring up in a day.
There is Cleveland, the beautiful city of the
lakes, distinguished alike by its enterprise, intel-
1 ligence, and elegant hospitality. A few years ago
the spot which it now occupies and ornaments,
was marked only by a few log cabins along the
line of an Indian trail, flanked by Indian wig-
wams. Her domestic commerce alone the last
year exceeded fifteen millions of dollars. There
is Cincinnati, too, the Q,ueen City of the West,
reposing on the banks of the tranquil Ohio, like
beauty upon the arm of strength, with her teeming
population, her schools and academies and col-
leges, her literary and scientific associations, and
benevolent institutions, devoted to human progress
and improvement, and her numerous churches
consecrated totheworship of the Most High,—and
all this upon territory redeemed from Indian hunt-
ing grounds almost within the recollection of the
present generation. The Ohio river, the principal
tributary to the Mississippi, bears upon its cur-
rent and floats at her feet an annual commerce that
exceeds three hundred millions of dollars, and
still so limited is the amount of her foreign com-
merce that no appropriation was deemed necessary
for the erection of a custom-house till the last ses-
sion of Congress. There is St. Louis and Chi-
cago, and Milwaukie, and a long list of other,
towns and cities, whose rapid growth and com-
mercial importance are equally remarkable and
astonishing. The domestic commerce of the
whole country is more than four times the amount
of the foreign, and probably exceeds seven hun-
dred millions of dollars annually. Each one of
the Atlantic cities has eagerly sought to give di-
rection to the golden current of this commerce,
and secure a portion of it. The rapid increase in
wealth and prosperity of most of these cities
shows with what success these efforts have been
crowned, and the rich fruits which have rewarded
their enterprise. Let the inland commerce be cut
off from these cities, by obstructing or refusing to
improve the channels of communication, and the
foreign would languish, their streets would be de-
serted and become desolate, and the shipping that
now finds constant and profitable employment,
would decay and perish at their wharves.
In yielding my support to this bill I have no
prejudices to conquer, no difficulties, arising from
hostility, either open or concealed, to the growth
and importance of domesticcommercein the West
or elsewhere to overcome, and no constitutional
objections to embarrass me. I hold, sir, that the
power of Congress over domestic commerce is as
full, ample, and indisputable, as it is over foreign
commerce. The grant of power over both is
made in the same paragraph, and in the same lan-
guage, and in either case is limited only by the
wisdom and sound discretion of Congress. And I
shall not stop to inquire whether the faithful per-
formance of my constitutional duty on this occasion
will square with the views of ignorant, illiberal,
and narrow-minded partisans or not; other gen-
tlemen, who entertain different opinions, may do
so if they think best.
j Is the measure constitutional, just, and right?
is the only inquiry that we, as legislators, are
j obliged to answer, and the only one that others
] have a right to address to us. This is the plat-
j form on which I have placed my feet, and I am
ready, here and everywhere, to vindicate and de-
j fend it. And, sir, it is my opinion that the people
of the West would much prefer that every plank
in the Baltimore platform, or any other that hack-
neyed politicians might construct, not excepting
even the Buffalo platform, the most recent, as it is
, thought by some to be the best, should be torn up
and sent adrift over Niagara Falls, than that the
protection of the General Government should be
withdrawn from the domestic commerce of the
country. The next Congressional election will be
apt to demonstrate the correctness of this opinion.
Before I dismiss this subject, it is proper to notice
one of the principal constitutional arguments in
the veto message of the late President Polk, and I
do so because it has been reproduced in this dis-
cussion, and pronounced superior to any contained
in the veto messages of General Jackson. Mr.
Polk says:
" In relation to the regulation of commerce, the language
of the grant in the Constitution is,' Congress shall have
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.' That
'to regulate commerce,'does not mean to make a road, or
i dig a canal, or clear out a river, or deepen a harbor would
' seem to be obvious to the common understanding. To ' reg-
' ulate,' admits or affirms the preSxistcnce of the thing to be
regulated. In this case, it presupposes the existence of
commerce, and of course the means by which, and the chan-
nels through which, commerce is carried on. It confers no
I creative power; it only assumes control over that which
; i may have been brought into existence through other agen-
|| cies, such as State legislation, and the industry and enter-
' prise of individuals. If the definition of the word ' regulate'
I: is to include the provision of means to carry on com-
merce, then have Congress not only power to deepen har-
j j bors, clear out rivers, dig canals, and make roads, but also
I to build ships, railroad cars, and other vehicles, all of which
j j are necess^jy to commerce. There is no middle ground. If
II the power to regulate can be legitimately construed into a m
j power to create or facilitate, then not only the bays and har-
! bors, but the roads and canals, and all the means of trans-
I porting merchandise among the several States, are put at
| the disposition of Congress."
'! The reply to this singular argument contained
'I in the memorial presented to Congress by the
'Chicago Convention, has exhausted the subject,
I and renders further remark unnecessary. I sub-
join it without comment:
h "An attempt, however, has been made to limit the ap-
!, plication of the phrase ' regulate commerce,' to such com-
merce as already existed, upon the assumption that it
implied the preexistence of the thing to be regulated. We
submit, however, that the assumption is false in fact and in
theory. The power to regulate is a power to rule, with
which it is synonymous, and expresses the most unlimited
authority of Government over the whole subject-matter, and
all its incidents; and so far from being exclusively applied
to subjects in existence, it ordinarily in practice precedes
and anticipates the action to be regulated. And to exhibit
, the absurdity of the criticism we are examining, we have
! only to state its results aTmost in the language of its authors.
Thus, if a river be already navigable, and a commerce is
carried on from its mouth to the port of another State, it
maybe ' regulated;' but if a sandbar at its mouth should
prevent vessels within it from launching into the ocean or
" the lakes, to reach another $tate,it would be beyond the
reachof the regulating power'of Congress, because a com-
merce would thus be created! And such refinements,
worthy of th  ancient polemics, are gravely attributed to the
practical men who framed our Constitution. It so happens,
; however, that even this subtlety is wholly inapplicable to
j any appropriation that has hitherto passed either House of
