194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 14,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Bill-
-Mr. Croivell.
Ho. of Reps.
Congress, for none has proposed the improvement of any
harbor or river that had not already some coinmcrce.
" But there is another source of power to improve rivers,
harbors, and roadsteads, and which contains authority, if '1
nece^.jar\, even to create harbors and channels of commu-
nication. We refer to the power ' to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts, and provide
for the common defence and general welfare of the Unitod
States.' Taxes and imposts may be levied to pay the debts,
and provide for the common defence of the Union. It fol-
lows, that the proceeds of such taxes and imposts may be
appropriated to those objects ; and accordingly, under this
power of appropriations tor the common detence, coupled
with those of declaring war, of raising armies, and main- ,
tuning a navy—forts, magazines, arsenals, manufactories ■
of arms and military roads, navy-yards, and dry and other h
docks, have been established and'maintained from the day 'I
the Constitution was adopted to this moment; and appro- 'j
pnations for them, or some of them, have been passed at j
every session of Congress, without exception irom any :
quarter. Let it be observed, that here is no latitudinarian |
expansion of the phrase,' general welfare,' so obnoxious to i
certain casuists, but a plain and downright application, in !
good faith, of a power given for definite and precise objects 11
—the common defence and the employment of armies and '
of a navy. This 1 common ' defence of the whole, neces-
sarily includes the parts, and the power must be exercised 1
in detail, or not at all." !,
A few years ago it was not uncommon to hear
a certain class of politicians mourning over the
hard fortunes of the West, and denouncing the
people of the northern and eastern States as our
enemies and oppressors, and expressing great
sympathy for our hard fortunes, and the injuries
we had been compelled to suffer. These parox-
ysms of affectionate regard were periodical, and
usually came on just before a presidential election.
I remember very well, sir, when the echoes were
waked up in the other wing of this Capitol, in the i
discussion on Foote's resolution. I used to think
formerly, and still think, if these gentlemen have ;
tears to shed, they may as well save them for1)
their own declining fortunes and departing glory.
The West does not need them. The worthless- ,
nessof their professions has been made sufficiently !
evident to alienate our affections by a uniform and
persevering opposition to every measure proposed
in Congress for our benefit and advancement, and
the development of our resources. 11
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW, j
The brief space of time remaining to me shall!
be devoted to some observations on the adjust- !; confu!.(''
ment, or compromise measures, as certain acts of
Congress have been called that were passed at the
last session. The institution of slavery, which
was bequeathed to us by British tyranny and op-
pression, has been the unfailing source of perpetual
discord and dissensions, and is fraught, as our
experience has proved, with innumerable evils,
moral, social, and political. And as nothing in
the past leaves a darker spot on our national es- l'
cutcheon, so there is nothing that casts a deeper j
or more portentous shade over the future, and is
better fitted to awaken serious alarm and appre- I
hension. It is difficult to get along quietly and ,'
live in peace with slavery embosomed in the soci- j
ety of republican freemen. Repeated efforts have
been made at different times in the progress of
the Government, by concessions and compromises, '
to conciliate and satisfy its rapacity. But all these ,1
have proved to be utterly fruitless and unavailing. ! J
The framers of the Constitution, acting upon the ;
light which they possessed, attempted to reconcile !
contradictions and establish a form of government
animated with the soul of freedom but recognizing
the institution of slavery. The two were rocked
together in the same cradle, and as their opposite
natures, in the progress of time, were developed j
they made war upon each other, and the last j>
session of Congress was principally wasted away
in one of these conflicts. An effort was made to
incorporate the anti-slavery proviso in the laws
creating territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico, and come at once to the fugitive slave
law. This bill was forced through this House
under the operation of the previous question, and
not a single moment was allowed for discussion or
deliberation; and I was obliged to record my vote
without any opportunity to explain the motives
that governed me in my opposition. Tftus is ;
probably the last time that I shall ever address
this House, and I seize upon the occasion to point
out some of the objectionable features of the law,
and to justify my opposition to its passage. The j
following are the provisions of the Constitution
that give the only slender support to the fugitive ,
slave law, that is derived from that instrument: i
" No person held to service or labor in one Stat'1 under ]
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall inconsequence i
of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such 1
service or labor, but.shall be delivered up on claim of tile
party to whom such service or labor may be due.." ;
Now, what is the fair and legitimate meaning of j
this paragraph, and what are the rules of interpre- ii
tation that should be applied to it? One of these
rules is thus laid down by the Supreme Court of j1
the United States: "The intention of the instru- i
ment must prevail; and this intention must be col-
lected from its toords. (12 Wheaton, 332.) In no
other way could we know what was the Constitu-
tion.
Another rule is that universal one, acknowl-
edged by all courts to be imperative, that language
must be constrmd strictly in favor of liberty and jus-
tice.
The Supreme Court of the United States have
laid down this rule in these strong terms: i
" Where rights are infringed, where fundamental pnnci- |j
pies are overthrown, where the general system of the laws 11
is departed fiom, thy legislative intention mil be expressed ; 1
with irresistible clearness, te induce a court of justice to 1
suppose a design to effect such objects.-"'—United States !
vs. Fisher, 2 L'ranch, 390.
The absurdity of going beyond an instrument,
and ascertaining from contemporaneous history
the meaning and intention of those who framed it,
is thus forcibly exposed and denounced by Justice
Story:
" Such a doctrine would be novel and absurd. It would
and destroy all the tests of constitutional rights and •
authorities. Congress could never pass any law without an
inquisition into the motives of every member ; and even ■'
then they might be reexannnable. Besides, what possible
means can there be of making such investigations? The ,
motives of many of the members may be, nay, must be, ut-
terly unknown and incapable of ascertainment by any ju- I
riieial or other inquiry; they may be mixed up in various
manners and degiees ; they may be opposite to, or wholly 1
independent of eaeli other. The Constitution would thus de- 1 ■
pend upon processes utterly vague and incomprehensible, j
and the written intent of the legislature upon its words and i
acts, the lex scripta, would be contradicted or obliterated by '
conjecture, and parole declarations, and fleeting reveries, ] \
and heated imaginations. No Government on earth could ii
rest for a moment on such a foundation. It would be a Con- 1
stitution of sand, heaped up and dissolved by the flux and \
reflux of every tide of opinion. Every act of the Legisla- ■
ture (and for the same reason also every clause of the Con- j
stitution) must therefore be judged from its objects and in-
tent, as they are embodied in its provisions."—2 Story's
Comm., 534.
Also, he says:
"The Constitution was adopted by the people of the Uni-
ted States; and it was submitted to the whole, upon a just j
survey of its provisions, as they stood in the text itself. * *
Opposite interpretations, and different explanations of;
different provisions, may well be presumed to have been '
presented in different bodies, to remove local objections, or
to win local favor. And there can be no certainty, either
that the different State Conventions, in ratitying the Con-
stitution, gave the same uniform interpretation to its lan-
guage, or that, even in a single State Convention, the same
reasoning prevailed, with a majority, much less with the
whole, of the supporters of it. * * It is not to be pre-
sumed that even in the Convention which framed the Con-
P| stitution, from the causes above mentioned, andothercauses, '
save from the oppressor the vast territories ac- ! the clauses were always understood in the same sense, or
quired from Mexico, and devote them to free- fl tiad precisely the same extent of operation. Every member
dom, but slavery claimed them as her own, and !: f0r and the judgment of no one
' j , •/ • I, j , ., ,ri, l could, or ought to be, conclusive upon that ot others,
was resolved if possible to have them. The ■   - -
record of our legislation at that session is the en-
during memorial of the result of that struggle. In
my remarks, I shall pass over the present of ten
millions of dollars made to Texas to induce her to
Nothing but the text itself was adopted by the people.
* * Is the sense of the Constitution to be ascertained,
not by its own text, out by the 'probable meaning,' to be
gathered by conjectures from scattered documents, trom pri-
vate papers, from the table-talk of some statesmen, or the
jealous exaggerations of others? Is the Constitution of the ,
accept at Cur hands the surrender of some twenty- ; United States to he the only instrument, which is not to be
five thousand square miles of territory, to which 1    l-*K   
she had no more right nor title than a certain his-
torical personage, mentioned, I believe, in the
fourth chapter of St. Matthew's gospel, had to all
the kingdoms of the earth, and which, on a memo-
rable occasion, he offered to convey for a certain
• 1   i t i f ^ 1 aSlvcu yiv uame meaning ui iiiu iiaiwcia, «ji lh
consideration, and also the neglect of Congress to jf the people, what interpretation is to be fallowed? These,
nterpreted by what is written, but by probable guesses, aside
from the text? What would be said of interpreting a statute '
of a StateLegislature, by endeavoring to find out, from pri-
vate sources, the objects and opinions of every member;
how every one thought; what he wished; how lie inter-
preted it ? Suppose different persons had different opinions,
what is to be done? Suppose different persons are not
agreed as to the * probable meaning' of the framers, or of
and many questions ot the same sort, might be asked. It
is obvious, that there can be no security to the people in any
Constitution of Government, if they arc not to jitdge of it
by the fur meaning of the words of the text, hit the words
are to be bent and broken by the 1 probable meaning1 of per-
sons, vhom they never knew, and whose opinions, and means
of information, may be no better than their oivn'l The
people adopted the Constitution, according to the words of
the text in their reasonable interpretation, and not accord-
ins; to the private interpretation of any p*irticular men/1
1 Story's Comm. on Const., 2S7 to 392.
in the first case, however, where this clause of
the Constitution came under adjudication in the
Supreme Court, it must be admitted that there
was a palpable departure from the wholesome and
established rules of interpretation which had be-
fore been deemed so essential in determining the
correct meaning of the Constitution. The Court
held the following language:
" Before, however, we pioeeed to the points more im-
mediately before us, it may be well—in order to clear the
case of difficulty—to say, that in the exposition of this part
of the Constitution, we shall limit ourselves to thov-e con-
siderations which appropriately and exclusively belong to
it, without laying down any rules of interpretation of a
more general nature. It will, indeed, probably, be found,
when we look to the character of the Constituuon itself,
the objects which it seeks to attain, the powers which it
confers, the duties which i£ enjoins, and the rights which it
secures, as well as the known historical fact that many of
its provisions were matters of compromise of opposing in-
terests and opinions ; that no uniform rale of interpreta-
tion can be applied to it, which may not allow, even if it
does not positively demand, many modi fications in its actaal
application to particular clauses. And, perhaps, the safest
rule of interpretation alter all will be found to be to look to
tlie nature and objects of the particular powers, duties, ajid
rights, with all tlie lights and aids ot' contemporary history;
and to give to the words of each just sue h operation aim
force, consistent with their legitimate meaning, as may
fairly secure and attain the ends proposed. * * * His-
torically, it is well known, that the object of this clause
was to secure to tlie citizens of the slaveliolding States the
complete right and title of ownership in their slaves, as
property, in every State in theUnion into winch they might
escape from the Sriite where they were held 111 servitude."
—16 Peters, 610-11.
But, for the sake of the argument, let us adopt this
new historical interpretation of the Constitution,
and admit that Congress has the power to pass
the law in question, or some law for the arrest of
fugitives, are its provisions such as, a just regard
to the rights of personal liberty and personal se-
curity, can be enforced in the manner prescribed?
But one answer can be given to thi ^question.
The commissioners upon whom this act confers
the most important judicial functions, are ap-
pointed by the judges with whom they have con-
current jurisdiction, and hold their offices, not
during good behavior, but at the will and pleasure
of the court, and receive for their services as com-
pensation not a regular annual salary fixed by
law, but such fees only as they can levy upon
suitors, being ten dollars when the alleged fugitive
is adjudged to be a slave, and only five dollars
when pronounced 10 be a freeman.
The right of trial by jury is denied, and the
certificate of the commissioner is declared conclu-
sive of the right of the claimant in whose favor it
is granted, and shall "prevent all molestation of
' such person in removing the fugitive by any process
'issued by any court, judge, or magistrate, or other
'person whatsoever;" thus denying also the writ of
habeas corpus so far as an act of Congress can do it.
These commissioners, holding their offices by such
a frail tenure, are moreover authorized to appoint
any number of persons to execute process, and
all good citizens are commanded to aid and assist
in the prompt and efficient execution of the law.
The free man is quite as liable to be arrested un-
der the provisions of this law, as the result has
already shown, as the fugitive slave, and the mar-
shal is made liable on his official bond for an es-
cape, whether it be voluntary or involuntary; and
he is required, upon affidavit of the claimant, to re-
move the fugitive to the Stale from whence he fled,
at the expense of the United States, of course,
and to be paid out of the National Treasury.
These are some of the prominent features of this
most unfortunate law, and their severity and cru-
elty seem to justify and verify what might other-
wise pass merely as poetical fancy, that
" Easier were it
To hurl the cloud-capt mountain from its base,
Than force the bonds of slavery upon mail
Determined to be free. "
It is quite possible, sir, that its parallel may be
discovered in the dark and gloomy annals of the
past, but I am quite sure that nothing of recent
date in the way of legislation can be found to
