.1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. McClernand.
Ho. of Reps.
match it. An unworthy effort, I know, is made
in certain quarters, to stigmatize all who venture
to express their opposition to this law in manly
tones, and above the whispers of a trembling
slave, as disturbers of the public peace, and ene-
mies of the Union. But nothing can be further
from the truth or more unjust, for there is no-
where to be found within the broad Limits of
this ocean-bound Republic, a people more in-
telligent and patriotic, and more loyal to the
Constitution and the Union, than those living in
the free States who are hostile to this law. And
I take this, the last opportunity I may ever
have here, to vindicate them from such foul as-
persions. It is a shallow, a heartless, and a
contemptible device, that deserves, and cannot
fail to receive, the withering scorn and execration \
of all just and good men. Opposition to this law
is not to be subdued, silenced, and overcome by
such means; and ifgentlemen think so, they are
mistaken. I know'of no reason why I may not
be allowed to point out my objections to this law,'
with the same fearlessness and freedom of remark,
that would be proper in other cases of imperfect
and vicious legislation. To those who speak:
through chattering teeth and pale and quivering ■
lips whenever the subject of slavery is mentioned,
there may be a distinction; none, however, has :
occurred to my own mihd, and I shall assume that
none exists. Reproaches and denunciations may
exasperate and inflame the passions, but are not
very apt to correct the errors or convince the un-
derstanding of men. It was viewed with great
repugnance even by the President of the United
States when first presented to him for his ap-
proval, and it was not till after his objections were
removed, and his nerves composed by an opiate
administered by the Attorney General, that his
hand could be made to perform its office of affix-
ing to it his signature. It was received in the
non-slaveholding States with a shudder, a general
murmur of unmingled horror and detestation.
And this intense feeling of opposition to it was
not feigned, or confined to the graceless dema-
gogue, who addresses himself only to the ears of
the groundlings, and riots upon the passions and
prejudiara of the ignorant, the vicious, and the de-
prave^^ior yet to the patriot professed and the
political saint, who make politics a trade and bab-
ble about their consciences, as if the voice of that
heavenly monitor were not forever hushed to si-
lence in their perverse bosoms—but it extended to
the great mass of the people, to discreet and good
men who fear God, love their country, and work
righteousness, but most cordially hate slavery and
oppression. Such men looked upon it, and still
look upon it, as dangerous to freemen, as well as
harsh, cruel, and unjust to slaves, and a gross as-
saultnpon their cherished principles, and the inali-
enable rights ofhuman nature. They do not counsel i
resistance,because they are not advocates ofviolence j
and outrage, but they feel unwilling to aid in enfor- j
cingits provisions, because the service which it ex- ,
acts its base arid degrading, and such as no freeman i
can render without a sacrifice of self-respect. They ,
demand its modification or unconditional repeal, i
and insist that in its present form it shall not re-
main upon the statute book to disfigure its pages,
and dishonor our national legislation. No act of
Congress for the last half century has met with !
such resolute, enlightened, and widely-diffused j
opposition as this—an opposition springing from
motives, in my judgment, infinitely more pure,!
patriotic, and praiseworthy, than that which the
alien and sedition laws justly encountered from '
the watchful and jealous friends of liberty at the i
close of the last century. Some gentlemen seem
to suppose that the citizens of the free States may !
be frowned down, if they dare to raise the voice
of manly remonstrance against this offensive enact-'
ment. Southern conventions, filled with traitors 1
to the Union, may assemble and plot treason 1
against the Government, whenever we happen to
displease them, and impudently dictate terms to j
the free States, upon which they will condescend
to remain members of the Confederacy, and it is J
looked upon almost as a matter of course. No
reproaches are cast upon them, and very little no-
tice taken of them; and if they happen to become
the subject of remark, or their doings are made
public, it is in the most select expressions, in the
choicest and most honeyed phrases. But if the ]
citizens of the free States employ the language of
stern and indignant rebuke against what they
deem the encroachments of slavery, they are de-
nounced in high 'places as enemies to the peace
and harmony of the Union. The fugitive slave
j law, it has seemed to me, was studiously framed 1
with the view to give offence; if not, why was it,
passed in its. present shape? What were the mo-
tives of those who forced it upon us ? I am aware
that it is a difficult and delicate task to analyze
t motives. So various, complicated, and subtle,
are the influences that operate upon men, and
shape and determine their conduct, that it requires
a more intimate acquaintance with the laws of,
mind than belongs to the present imperfect state,
to give to each its just weight and importance,
' and no more. But whatever the motive, the effect
is the same; and precisely such an effect-aa those
most familiar with thd tone and temper of the !
public mind expected and foretold. It was an
unfortunate measure to be supported by the pro-,
i fessed friends of peace, and instead of healing the
" bleeding wounds" of the body-politic, and com- |
posing agitation, it has served only to irritate and
open them afresh, and increase their number.
But in all these conflicts growing out of diversity j
of interests or differences of opinion, it should
: never be forgotten, but always borne in mind, that I
we are brethren of the same political family, j
] springing from the same common parentage, and |
' possessing equal rights in the same common in-
' heritance; all equally interested in preserving un-
tarnished the fame of our forefathers, and perpet-
l uating the blessings of free government. And1
j those only are to be justly regarded as the real
I! foes of the country, the disturbers of its peace and ;
tranquillity, the enemies ofits truehonor and glory,
who advocate and defend harsh and sectional le- I
gislation, opposed to the genius of free institutions, j
and at war with the spirit of the age, and which
the love of liberty and the enlightened patriotism
of our countrymen cannot approve and will not
sustain.
claims for french spoliations.
SPEECH OF MR. McCLERNAND,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives,
Monday, February 24,1851.
The Hou8e being in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and having under
consideration the Civil and Diplomatic Appropriation Bill—
Mr. McCLERNAND said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not rise to the present bill,
but to another subject of serious public importance,
which I suppose to be open at this time to de-
bate in this committee. 1 refer, sir, to the propo-
sal to indemnify American citizens for spoliations
committed on their property by the French prior
to the year 1800; and what of this proposal? It
presents itself in an imposing—I may say formid-
able aspect. Two bills are depending on the
subject: each appropriating $5,000,000—one of
which is from the Senate, and is now an the
Speaker's table; the other is from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs' of this House, and is referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I am opposed to both bills; and as one of
the minority of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
dissenting from the majority of that committee on
the subject, it is perhaps proper, and due to those
who agree with me in opinion, that I should state
the' grounds of our opposition to the measure.
This I propose to do.
The most frequent, if not the principal, argu-
ment urged in support of these claims, is one rest-
ing on accidents of time and form. It is said by
those who insist on the validity of the claims, that
they have been depending before Congress since
1800; that thirty-one reports have been made by
committees of the two Houses in their favor, and
that it does not appear that they have ever been
finally rejected in either House. This argument
is set forth prominently in the report of the major-
ity of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. But,
sir, what, after all, does it prove? Does it prove
that Congress, during this long period of non-ac-
tion on the subject, was favorably disposed to the
measure ? If so—having the will ana the power,
and in that case it being their duty to do so—
why did they not pass it ? To say that their fail-
ure or refusal to do so, is an evidence that they
approved it, is to say what is absurd—what is
little, if any, less absurd than to say that the
! enactment of a measure by Congress affords proof
! that they were opposed to its enanctment. Such
, a rule of construction or inference is at war with
reason and common sense, and therefore must be
rejected. The fact that Congress failed to pass
' the measure during a period of near fifty years,
affords a contrary presumption—a strong and ir-
resistible presumption—that they were opposed
to it. And, if so, why ? Because they considered
. it unmeritorious. No other conclusion can be
rationally and logically formed.
But, sir, on the score of reports, how stands
, the case? A few facts will show. From 1802 to
: 1824—covering a period of near a quarter of a
century—no less than five reports were made upon
these claims by committees of the House, three of
which were unfavorable, one favorable, and one
indeterminate—the last counting nothing. What
is more, the unfavorable reports were from stand-
' ing committees, impartially organized, and the
; other two were from select committees, of course
i constituted favorably to the object in view. And
j thus probably we are furnished with a clue to the
, remarkable tenacity evinced in late years to have
| these claims referred to select committees, and to
i the boasted multiplication of reports from such
committees, in their favor. Neither should it
be forgotten that the earlier reports referred to, a
majority of which were unfavorable, came from
■ those who were contemporaneous and conversant
with the origin of the claims. Nor that none of
the earlier or even later Presidents ever recom-
mended that they should be paid by Congress.
These facts speak forcibly. Do they not more
than counterbalance any contrary presumption ?
Passing, however, from these rather incidental
considerations, and approaching the measure itself:
What of it? and, first, what of its predicates? To
answer this inquiry satisfactorily, it is neces. ary
to recur to the ancient treaties between France and
theUnited States,and to understand their terms and
!j objects. I quote first from the " Treaty of Alli-
ij ance," concluded February 6, 1778, which stipu-
;; lates, in the 11th article, that the " United States"
|j shall guarantee "to His Most Christian Majesty
I; thnpresent possessions of the crown of France
in America, &c., consisting at that time of cer-
| tain of the West India islands. The 24th article
>' of the " Treaty of Amity and Commerce," con-
! < eluded on the same date, very much restricts the
number of articles denominated contraband of
! war, excepting provisions, and perhaps other dis-
puted articles from the denomination. The 27th
article of the same treaty allows the nrivilege to
French vessels having prizes to enteff>ur ports,
and to sail at any time whithersoever they pleased.
The 8th article of the Consular convention, con-
cluded November 4, 1788, stipulates that the con-
suls or vice consuls of France shall have jurisdicj
tion in cavil matters, and " in all disputes arising on
board of French vessels in the ports of the United
States; confining, however, the jurisdiction of
these functionaries to the interior of the vessels."
I Now, sir, upon the faith of these treaties, and in
consequence of the belligerent relations of nearly,
if not quite, all the States of Europe, our merchants
! and smp-owners were encouraged to venture
j! largely in commerce and carrying on the high seas.
! They did so venture; and the consequence was,
j that during the obstinate and bloody war that broke
| out between Frafce and England in 1793, they
! suffered considerable losses by the depredations
I j of both of these Powers on their property. And
II here an important question arises: the question
1 whether we had, in fact, violated our treaties with
France, and thus provoked and justified her dep-
redations upon the property of our citizens ? This
allegation has been made, and upon it is based, in
,' part, the present claim on this Government for in-
!! demnities. True, we had not executed the guar-
antee in behalf of France in relation to her West
India possessions, and that these possessions had
fallen under the power of England in the course of
the war. But, according to the highest American
i authorities of that day, we were in no default on
j | this account; for it was maintained that the casta
[ifttderU, or the condition of the guarante«, had not
