196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
3 1st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. McCkrnand.
Ho. of Reps.
occurred—that the war was not defensive on the j
part of France—that she was the aggressor, and,
therefore, that we were not bound to defend her
possessions in the West Indies. And this was '
the construction placed upon the treaty by Presi-
dent Washington's Cabinet,* and upon the same
construction he based his famous proclamation of
neutrality, which is in the following words:
'■ Whereas, It appears t'i:it a state of war exists between
Austria, Pni-sia. Sardinia, Great llritain, and the United
Netherlands of the one part, and France on the other; and
the duty and interest of the United states require, that they
should with sincerity and good faith adopt and pursue a con-
duet friendh and impartial toward the belligerent powers :
v' f have therefore thought fit by the-e presents to declare
the disposition of tiie United States to observe the conduct
aforesaid towards those Powers respectively ; and to exhort
and warn the citizens of the United States carefully to avoid
ull act- and proceedings whatso-ver, which may in any
manner tend to contravene such disposition.
" And I do herein- aKo make known, that whosoever of
the citizens of the United States shall render himself liable
to punishment or forfeiture under the law of nations, by •
committing, aiding, or abetting hostilities against any of the
Paid Powers, or by earrying to any of them those articles '
which are deemed contraband by the modern usage of na-
tions, will not receive the protection of the United States
against such punishment or forfeiture ; and further, that I I
have given instructions to those officers to whom it belongs,
to cause prosecutions to be instituted against all persons
who shall, within the cognizance of the courts of the Uni- j
ted States, violate the law of nations, with respect to the
Powers at war, or any of them."
Alexander Hamilton, who was contemporane- ,
ous with these transactions, put the same construc-
tion on the treaty. He says: !
" The alliance between the United States and France is
of the defensive kind. In the caption it is denominated a
' treaty of alliance eventual and defensive.' In the body
(2d article) it is called a defensive alliance. The words of 1
that article are as follows: £ The essential and direct end of j
'the present defensive alliance is, to maintain effectually j
1 the liberty, sovereignty, and independence, absolute and \
* unlimited, of the United States, as well in matters of Gov- ■
* ernment, as of commerce.' "t
Nor did Prance herself demand of us the execu-
tion of the guarantee. On the contrary, we have
the authority of Mr. Jefferson, in a letter dated Au-
gust 16, 1793, that Citizen Genet, the French En-
voy, assured President Washington and others,
"that on account of our remote situation, and
other circumstances, France did not expect that
we should beeome a party to the war." And Mr.
Randolph, Secretary of State, quotes the authority
of both Citizens Genet and Fouchet, to the same
effect.} ^
The next complaint by the French Government
was, that we had refused to allow her to arm
ships in our ports, and iiad imposed duties on the
sale of her prizes in our ports. To this we re-
plied that we were not bound to do otherwise.
On the first point of the complaint, we urged that
the stipulation on which it was founded only en-
gaged us in that connection not to afford " shelter
or refug^ to vessels bringing into our ports prizes
captured from the French; which was very dif-
ferent from the right claimed by France to arm
ships in our ports against an actual enemy. On
the second point, we insisted that the stipulation
contained in the same act authorizing French
" ships of war and privateers" to enter our ports
with prizes without being liable to pay duties to
the officers of our admiralty, or to other of our
judges—on this point we insisted that this stip-
ulation did not exempt such prizes from the pay-
ment of duties under ordinary revenue laws. Nor
can the correctness of this reasoning be success-
fully combated.
The next complaint was, that we had consented
in our treaty with England in 1794, to allow Brit-
ish ships with prizes capture#from the French,
to enter our ports, and that provisions might be
treated as contraband of war; all of which was al-
leged to be contrary to our prior treaties with
France. We replied, first, that the twenty-seventh
article of the treaty of alliance recognized the right
of either party to allow vessels of other nations
having prizes taken from the other, to enter its
ports in certain cases; and that with respect to this
right, we had only agreed with England that her
ships having prizes might enter our ports, but
should leave them again as speedily as possible;
and that this was quite conformable to the law of
nations. Second, that the denomination of pro-
vide Marshall's Life of Washington, vol. />, p. 404*
\Vide Federalist—Letters of Pacifieus, p. 411.
Ide Senate Doe. 103,1st sess. 19th Cong. p. 78.
visions as contraband was only an amicable
J accommodation with England of a disputed point
in the law of nations, and was not designed, and
did not, by any fair construction, allow her the
right to confiscate such property, but only, if
seized on the way to an enemy's port, to appro-
priate it, making compensation for its value. In
agreeing to this stipulation, we only agreed to
what the British Government insisted was sanc-
tioned by the law of nations—what she was able
to enforce—what afforded France no just cause of
complaint, and what she often after did herself.
Moreover we reserved the rights due to France i
under our treaties with her by a special reservation
to that effect in our treaty with England, so that
in no view of the case had we done her any wrong
or injustice.
The next complaint was, that we had denied
admiralty jurisdiction to French consuls on our
shores, and in our towns. But here again she j
was met by the conclusive answer, that her ves-
sels, in regard to which this jurisdiction was first
claimed, had been forcibly seized under her author-
ity within our limits, contrary to our neutral
rights and the law of nations; and that, independ-
ently of this, the jurisdiction conferred on French
consuls, by the Consular Convention of 1788, was
only to be exercised on board of French ships.
But, sir, this refutation of angry complaints
availed nothing. France still persisted in her
depredations upon our commerce; and we were
driven in self-defence to retaliate; and thus things
grew from bad to worse, until the pacification
effected by the convention of September 30, 1800.
And here it is necessary to dwell a few moments
on the history and stipulations of this treaty. As j
it was first ratified by the French Government, it
j contained the following article:
" Art. 2. ThP ministers plenipotentiary of the two parties
not being able to agree, at present, respecting the treaty of
alliance ot theCtli ofFebiuary, 1778, the treaty of amity and
commerce of the same date, and the convention of the l-Itli
of November, 1778, nor upon the indemnities mutually due
or claimed, the parties will negotiate t'uithcr on these sub-
jects at a convenient time; and until tliey may have agreed
upon these points, the said treaties and convention shall
have no operation, and the relations of the two countries
shall be regulated as follows."
The Senate of the United States afterwards ad-
vised and consented to the ratification of the treaty,
with the retrenchment of this article, and with the
addition, that the treaty should continue in force
eight years. Thus modified, it was ratified by the
President, and subsequently by Bonaparte, First
Consul of France, who added, that " by the re-
trenchment of the second article, the two States
renounce the respective pretensions which are the
object of said article."
Now, sir, it is insisted that the article thus re-
trenched was inserted originally in conformity,
with the instructions of the American Secretary
of State, who required our envoys to demand, as |
an " indispensable condition " to any accommo-
dation with France, that she should engage to pay
the claims of our citizens against her—and that
being so inserted, the authority of the American
Executive became committed in favor of the valid-
ity of the claims; and that hence, by the subse-
quent renunciation added by Bonaparte, this Gov-
ernment has become bound to pay them. In
other words, the position is, that having set-off
the claims of our citizens against France in dis-
charge of indemnities claimed by her from us—
having exchanged the one for the other—we have
become liable for the claims of our citizens our-
selves; liable, not only on principles.of equity and
justice, but under a constitutional obligation to
make just compensation for private property taken
for public use.
This, sir, is the position taken. In answer to
it, I have to say, first, that even if it were true that
thePresident (Adams) had expressed himself favor-
able to the claims, yet that expression is not to be
taken as conclusive—he being only one branch of
the treaty-making power. Secondly, that the
Senate, another branch of the treaty-making pow-
er, expunged the second at tide of the original draft
of the treaty, and at the same time omitted to sup-
ply any equivalent stipulation, and by so doing—
by this act of commission and omission—refused
to acknowledge any liability on the part of this
Government to France, and consequentlv to these
claimants. Thirdly, that President jefferson,
notwithstanding the previous expression of his
! predecessor in favor of the claims, ratified the
treaty after the retrenchment of the second article;
and thus added his confirmation to the previous
decision of the Senate on the subject. Nor is the
case altered by the mutual renunciation added by
Bonaparte, for that was only an explicit expres-
sion in the treaty itself of what otherwise would
have resulted from it. And so said President
Jefferson. I refer to Mr. Madison's letter to Mr.
Livingston, in which he says:
" I am authorized to state thai the President does not
consider the declaratory clause (added by ISonaparte) as
more than a legitimate inference from the rejection by the
Senate of the second article; and that lie (the President) is
disposed to go on with the measures due under the compact
to the French Republic.''*
If this view were not conclusive, still other
grounds remain on which these claims may be
successfully resisted. And the first is, that allow-
ing the construction placed by France on the an-
cient treaties between the tw<T Governments to be
correct, yet we were absolved from them in conse-
quence of her own wrong. According to the law
of nation.1)—
" If one of the allies fails in liis engagements, the other
may compel him to fulfill them—a perfcct promise confers
a right to do so. But if the latter has no other expedient
than that of arms to force his ally to the performance of his
promises, he would sometimes find it more eligible to can
eel the piomises on hi. own *ide also, and to dissolve the
treaty. He lias undoubtedly a right to do this, since his
promises were made only on condition that the ally should,
on his part, execute everything which lie had engaged to
perform. The party, thereiorc, who is ofl'erided or injured
in those particulars which constitute the basis of the treaty,
is at liberty to choose the alternative of either compelling a
faithless ally to fulfill his engagements, or of declaring the
treaty dissolved by the violation ot' it. On such an oeea -
, sion, prudence and wise policy will point out the line of
conduct to be observed. "f
] Now, tlidt France violated the ancient treaties
between the two Governments, we have abundant
authority. Hard pressed in a tremendous struggle
against a formidable alliance of numbers and
strength, she may have been driven to do so from
necessity, or it may have been from inclination;
but whether from one motive or the other, we were
nevertheless absolved from the treaties.
Barbe Marbois, the French negotiator of the
convention of 1800, says: ^
"The Directory, led astray by false notions onlie situa-
tion of the Fieneh Colonics, had not remaiked that tlieir
existence depended upon their preservation of a good un-
derstanding with the United States. Instead of reestablish-
ing friendly reiauons with the American Union, it had, after
more than once putting it in jeopardy, finally broken the
alliance, which had been the precious fruit ot the policy of
the Councils of Louis XIV." \
Again: he says—
"The Directory, in order to maintain these prohibitory
laws, had permitted the local authoutie.s to provide for the
preservation of the Colonies by arming privateers, and their
agents encouraged them indiscriminately to fall on all flags.
They carried their disregard of the rules of justice and the
laws of nations so far as to- condemn, as lawful prize,
ships that had entered tlie ports with subsistence and pro-
visions intended for the inhabitants of the islands they gov-
erned.
" Victor Hughes, one of their colonial rulers, openly pro-
fessed anil put in practice the maxim, that' in time of want
all kinds of provisions are good prize.' "
Impelled by these acts of outrage and injustice,
the Congress of the United States, from a sense
of public duty, annulled the ancient treaties be-
tween the two Governments, by the following act,
approved July 7, 1793:
" Whereas, the treaties between the United States and
France have been repeatedly violated on the part of the
French Government; and just claims of the United States
for the reparation of the injuries so committed have been
refused, and their attempts to negotiate an amicable adjust-
ment of all complaints between the two nations, have been
repelled with indignity: And whereas, under authority of
the French Government, there is yet pursued against the
United States a system of predatory violence, infracting said
treaties, and hostile to the lights of a free and independent
nation:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of ~2mericaiti Congress assem-
bled, That the United States are of right freed and oxon-
crated from the stipulations of the treaties, and ot the
Consular convention, heretofore concluded between the
United States and France; and that the same shall not
, henceforth be regarded as legally obligatory on the Govern-
ment or citizens of the United States."
Thus, sir, the law-making power, which is also
the war-making power, and which includes the
President and Senate, who form the treaty-making
* Vide Senate Doc. 102, 1st sess. 19th Cong.
f Vide Vattel's L. N ■ - p. -14, c. 13. art. *200.
t Tiic Barbe Marbois' Hist, of the Cess, of La. p. 234.
