19S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 24,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Claims for French Spoliations—Mr. McClernand.
Ho. of Reps.
tween America and France ? In my judgment, it is a lim-
ited, partial war. Congress has not declared war in general
terms; but Congress has authorized hostilities 011 the high
seas by certain persons in certain eases. There is no au-
thority given to commit hostilities on land, to capture un-
armed French vessels, nor even to capture French aimed
vessels lying in a French port; and the authority is not
given indiscriminately to every citizen of America against
every citizen of France, but only to citizens appointed by
commissions, or exposed to immediate outrage and vio-
lence. So far it is,unquestionably, a partial war; but,
nevertheless, it is a public war, 011 account of the public au-
thority from which it emanates.
There are four acts authorized by our Government that
are demonstrative^ a btate of war. A belligerent Power
has a right, by the law of nations, to search a neutral vessel,
nnd, upon suspicion ef a violation oHier neutral obliga-
tions, to seize and carry her into port for further examina-
tion. Rut by the acts of Congress an American vessel is
authorized: 1st. To resist the search of a French public
vessel: 2d. To capture any vessel that should attempt by
force to compel submission to a search: 3d. To recapture
any American vessel seized by a French vessel: And, 4th.
To capture any French armed vessel wherever found on
the high seas. This suspension of the law of nations, this
ri<*ht of capture or recapture, can only be authorized by an
act of the Government, which is, in itself, an act of hos-
tility."
These, sir, are the accumulated evidences of
law and fact which I adduce on the point of the
existence of war—at least an imperfect war, be-
tween Prance and the United States, during the
origin of these claims. I ask, whether they do
not establish the fact of war? And if so, what
follows—what becomes of these claims and the
prior treaties on which they were based ? All are
swept away—all by the operation of war and the
law of nations. The convention of 1800 with
Prance, instead of confirming the claims against
the United States, finally and effectually extin-
guished them. Vattel says:
" The effect of a treaty of peace Is to put an end to war,
and to abolish the subject of it. Consequently all tilings
not mentioned in the treaty are to remain on the same foot-
ins on which they stand at the period when it is comple-
# ted. All damages caused during the war are likewise
buried in oblivion, and no action can be brought for those
which the treaty docs not stipulate the reparation; tliey are
considered as having never happened."*
If it should be answered to all this, that declara-
tions were made by authority of both Govern-
*ments, going to show that war did not exist be-
tween them—if this should be answered—my
reply is that these declarations were purely hy-
pothetical and gratuitous. They were merely
diplomatic expedients, used by each party with the ,
hope of promoting thereby more effectuall^his
peculiar interests. Each intended by assuming
peace, as the basis of negotiation, to subject the
other to the payment of an advantage in indemni-
ties. Hence the expressions occurring on both
sides—by the French minister, " that the treaties
which united Prance and the United States are j
not broken," &c.; that a "misunderstanding"!
only had existed between them; that there has |
not been *a state of war, at least on the side of i
France." And by the American ministers, that '
if the acts of Congress annulling the treaties "had I
amounted to cause of war, yet, as the wisdom of j
France reconciled it to peace, its application on
the principle of war to the extinguishment of
claims would be inexplicable." Hence, also, the
offer on our part to pay five millions of francs for
an absolute release of the guarantee relating to the
French possessions in the West Indies, contained
in the eleventh article of the treaty of alliance;
and afterwards of eight millions for that and the
further release of our obligations relating to French
privateers and French prizes, under the seven-
teenth article of the treaty of amity and commerce;
and on the other hand, of the offer of the French
Government to take thirteen m#!ions, and grant a '
release for the whole. The parties, however, did
hot agree, and of course their overtures of com-
promise amount to nothing, and ought not to be ,
arrayed as evidence against either. ;
Besides this, it was not the policy of the French ;
Government, either to admit the existence of, or to
wage war in absolute and solemn form against us.
Policy forbade that. Such a measure would have
added us, also, in a like war, to the already for- 1
midable and fearful list of her enemies. And,asa !
consequence, it would have lost to her the last ad- I
vantages of our commerce and the carrying trade;
which loss would have been to her as great a mis- \
fortune, probably, as our unqualified hostility
"Vide Vattel's L. N., B. 4, chap. 0, p. 438.
And thus we may account very rationally for the
remark of Talleyrand, as Mtnister of Exterior
Relations. Speaking of the French Directory, he
said: "It never thought of making war against
'them, (the United States,) nor of exciting civil
' commotions among them; and every contrary sup-
' position is an insult to common sense." But,
, sir, notwithstanding all these various and mutual
expressions and offers—war—an imperfect or par-
tial war existed between the two Governments;
and this authentic and obvious fact was finally ad-
mitted as the basis of accomodation, or as Mr.
Murray, speaking of the convention of 1800, says,
; " Indemnities which were impossible, together
i ' with the discussion about the abolished treaties
i ' and Consular convention," were left "to sleep,"
j &c.
I Now, sir, to recapitulate: my argument is, first,
'I that we are not liable for these claims, because the
, history of the negotiation of the convention of
II 1800, upon which they are immediately based,
I proves that we did not assume their payment, nor
| intend to do so. Secondly: That France discharged
I us from the obligation of the treaties by breaking
them on her part; and therefore we owed her
nothing to be set off against the restitution and in-
demnities rendered by her under or in consequence
of the convention of 1809. Thirdly: That even if
she had not thus discharged us, our stipulations
i with her were either impracticable on our part, or
would have jeoparded our national existence, if
we had attempted to execute them; and for this
reason we were discharged from them and are not
liable to the claimants. Fourthly: That war between
the parties extinguished the treaties; and with them,
of course, all liability either on the part of France
or of the United States to the claimants.
. Here, sir, I might close my argument; but I am
aware that the advocates of these claims, when
driven from the ground of the treaties, have some-
times ventured to place them upon the basis of
national law. But how stands the case here? It
is true that the French occasionally captured Ameri-
can vessels and their cargoes, when consisting of
provisions on the way to an- enemy's port. But
in answer to this complaint, it may be said that
Great Britain did the same; and in fact, it was
because she had revived both the rule and the prac-
tjpe, in the then war, that France, in .self-defence,
as she alleged, followed the example. And, in-
deed, it was a disputed point at that day, whether
provisions under such circumstances, were not
legally confiscable. Perhaps the current authority
was to the effect that they were confiscable.
Vattel lays down the doctrine that they become so
on certain occasions, when there is an expectation
of reducing the enemy by famine.* And Chitty
collects from the opinions of Sir William Scott,
delivered in_ the cases, Jonge Margaretha and the
Haabet, tha't: "all provisions going to an enemy's
port are,in strictness, confiscable as contraband."!
And so in regard to seizures by the French of
enemy's goods in American vessels. These were
sought to be justified by the parallel of British
conduct, which was bottomed professedly by the
British Admiralty on the law of nations. And on
this point, Vattel holds that, "If we find an en-
emy's effects on board of a neutral ship, we
may seize them by the rights of war," &c.J It
is proper, however, to state, that this harsh doc-
trine, once tenaciously maintained, is, of late
years, by the judgment and consent of enlight-
ened nations, much and very justly relaxed.
And so, arrain, in regard to the detentions or
seizures of American vessels not having a role
d'etjuipage, as required by the ordinance of Louis .
XIV. This requirement appears to have been I
generally acquiesced in prior to our complaints; '
and, according to the authority of impartial pub-
licists, is worthy of commendation. Chitty thus j
speaks of it: j
"The muster-roll, which the French call role d'equipage, J
contains the names, ages, quality, place of residence, and, i
above all, the place of birth, of every person of the ship's !
company. This document is of great use in ascertaining I
the ship's neutrality. It must naturally excite a violent
suspicion, if the majority of the crew be lound to consist of
foreigners; still more, if they be natives of the enemy's
country.
The Government has done its duty to these
*B. 3, ch. 7, sec. 112. fChitty's Law of Nations, p. 122.
} B. 3, eh. 7, sec. 115. ^Chit. L. N., pp. 197-8.
claimants. It levied taxes in almost every form,
incurred onerous public debts, expended millions
of treasure, raised armies, built ships, fought the
enemy on the higli seas, spilled blood in battle-
in short, did everything within its power to afford
them protection both of life and property. Not
only was the mass of the people of that day con-
vinced of this fact, but many of them believed the
Government had done more than its duty—that it
had unreasonably oppressed the infant energies of
the country with debts and taxes. Certainly this
feeling had much to do with the insurrection in
Pennsylvania, and with the overthrow of the
elder Adams's administration by the popular vote.
And it is equally certain, that his successor, Mr.
Jefferson, hastened, with the public approbation,
to arrest the increase of these burdens by ratify-
ing the convention of 1800.
Not only did the Government do its whole duty
in the respect mentioned, but it was fortunate in
securing a large measure of reparation to its in-
jured citizens under the convention of 1800. It
secured a stipulation for the restoration of prop-
erty captured, but not definitively condemned at
the date of the convention, and for the use of
French-courts in enforcing the payment of pre-
existing debts due from French citizens to those
of the United States. Tfce value of the property
thus captured and not condemned was estimated
by Mr. Livingston, under the terms of the con-
vention, at the sum of sixteen millions of francs;
which was paid by the United States under the
convention of! 1803, as a part of the consideration
for the cession of Louisiana.* In addition to this,
four millions more were paid in the same way;
which must have been applied upon the class of
unliquidated claims, including the present. Or if
not, who received the money? 'What went with it?
Deducting, then, four millions of francs from
the amount of the claims not specially provided
for by the convention of 1800—deducting, also,
the amount of those for seizures and condemna-
tions of enemy's goods in American vessels, and of
American vessels and cargoes for the want of a
role d'equipage. Deducting all these, and the
balance, if any, in favor of these claimants must
be very little.
The French minister, Talleyrand, speaking of
the convention of 1803, in answer to Mr. Living-
ston, says:
" To make an approximate valuation of them, the re-
spective plenipotentiaries agreed to take as a basis the sum
of all the claims, as well liquidated as unliquidated, which
have been presented to the French Government by the
Americans. This sum amounted to twenty millions and as
there was room to expect that the unliquidated portion would
undergo some reduction, the American plenipotentiaries
were persuaded that, even by admitting afterwards some
claims which might not have been comprehended in the
list, tins addition of claims, compensated by the reduction
that others would undergo at the time of liquidation, could
not exceed twenty millions, the whole amount."*
Barbe Marbois, writing to Mr. Livingston,
'' I request you to bear in mind, that during the negotia-
tion, in which I had the honor of being engaged with you.
the sum of twenty millions of francs had been determined
on in order to extinguish the whole American claim, and
the interest up to the day of the treaty'* of cession, ofl803.f
And according to the authority of Mr. Wolcott,
Secretary of the Treasury, whatever balance re-
mained, if any, ought to be subject to still further
reduction, or doubt, in consequence of the wrong
of some of the claimants themselves. Speaking of
the act of Congress prohibiting all exports to
France after a certain date, he says:
" Notwithstanding that act, vessel-: have been carried to
the vicinity ofFrench ports, where, as it is believed, they
have been captured by French privateers, in consequence
of preconcerted arrangements. Other vessels have entered
French ports on pretence of distress. Although the vessels
have, in many instances, been liberated, yet the cargoes
have been detained by order of Government."}
But, sir, notwithstanding the retributive loss fol-
lowing the violation of this and other cautionary and
restiictive measures—notwithstanding this, the
period from 1793 to 1800, as a whole, was one of ex-
traordinary profit and prosperity to our merchants
and ship-owners. Thebelhgerent relations of most
of the European nations and the consequent inter-
ruption of their commerce, rendered this class of
our citizens, to a considerable extent, the furnish-
* Vide Sen. Doe. 109, 1st sess. 19th Cong., p. p. 82 - '30.
fldcm, p. 826.
\l'ide Rep. to Cong. Jan. 23, 1800.
