1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
31st Cong—.-2d Sess. Claim, fyc.—Mr. King, of New York, and Mr. Moore. Ho. or Reps.
ers and carriers of th« commerce of the seas. They
sold their merchandise for enormous prices, which,
it is stated, far more than indemnified them for oc- i
casional losses. Princely fortunes were amassed, >
and our commerce received an impulse that m^y
Bull be traced as one of the causes of growing com-
mercial greatness. And such losses as were suf-
fered were probably in a large proportion reim-
bursed by insurance offices, which, demanding
enormous prices for insurance, also reaped a rich
and abundant harvest.
No, sir, we owe these claimants nothing; we
hare fulfilled our last obligation to them. Their
gratitude rather than their complaint is due to the
Government. To' vote them a gratuity of five
millions of dollars under such ciyimstances would
bs not only an act of injustice^ind oppression to
honest tax-payers, but a profligate waste of the
pnWic treasure and a culpable aggravation of the
embarrassments of the public finances. More,
sir: it would be a precedent committing the Gov-
ernment to double or treble the amount of the gra- >
tuity hereafter; and still more, it would be a gross
and injurious impeachment of the justice of our '
ancestors, who, understanding these claims better ,
than ourselves, failed or refused to pay them. '
Are we prepared to do this? And if so, for
whose benefit will we do it? For the benefit of
meritorious sufferers, ortbr the benefit of their im-
poverished heirs? For neither, sir, but for the
benefit of speculators and claim-agents, who have
bought up those claims, to a great extent, for a ,
few cents on the dollar. These are the persons
for whose benefit in the main we are about to pay
these claims in the expiring hours of the session. ,
Shall we do so? Shall we thus encourage and
reward the sinister and selfish acts of speculators
and claim-agents ? Shall we thus open the Treas-
ury to their piracy, and allow them to gorge them-
selves on the earnings of toiling millions? 1 hope
not, sir—I hope not for the sake of our own names,
and for the sake of public right and justice.
Let us not deceive ourselves! A greater dan-
ger may threaten our liberties than an open enemy
leveling his batteries against this Capitol. Like
causes will produce like effects. Rome withstood
the power of formidable foes during many centu-
ries; but when prodigality and corruption—when
her public offices were sola t  the highest bidder—
when her public functionaries became corrupt,—her
strength had vanished; the sword with which she
had smote nations had been dulled, and she fell ,
a ruin more from internal decay thifli from the
force of greater numbers. W e should be warned
by her example. Behold our situation! We are
already largely in debt, with deficient revenues and ,
increasing expenditures. j
The public expenditures have increased within !1
fifty years from a few hundred thousand dollars 1
annually, to fifty millions. There is probably no |
parallel to this rapid and extraordinary increase
of public expenditures. The Government of Eng-
land, monarchy as it is, with all its annuities, j<
pensions, sinecures, orders of nobility, and wars, ,
existed centuries before its annual expenditures ''
reached the sum of our own. The expenditures (
of the four years of Mr. Polk's administration,
including those of an expensive foreign war, re-
sulting m the conquest of seven millions of people,
and the addition of a vast territory, these extraor-
dinary expenditures amount to a less sum than
will those of the four succeeding years under Pres-
idents Taylor and Fillmore, if the expenditures
continue to increase for the two years to come, as '
they did for the two years past, yet peace has ,
reigned since the termination of the war with
Mexico. Is not so startling and alarming a fact'
worthy to arrest and arouse the attention of the
nation ? Does it not call loudly and emphatically
for retrenchment and reform ? Does it not appeal
■with eloquence and power to men of all parties, to
public men and private men, to the patriotic every-
where to rush to the rescue? And will they not t,
do so ? For one, I say, come on. Let us prove (■
faithful to our great trust. Let us right the ship :.
of State and bring her back to the proper track. ;
She has wandered far from it, and is beleaguered '
by rocks and quicksands. Should she be de-
stroyed, how great, how irreparable.would be our
loss—how great would be the calamity to the cause
of popular government and liberty throughout the
world! I
' nulled the just clainu wliicU America might have made for
'injuries done i* time of peftce.'—Gourgautl's Memoirs,
vol. 2, p. 95. '
" The following States have at various times recommend"
ed to Congress to make appropriations for the indemnity of
sufferers by these spoliations: Maine, Massachusetts, Con-
necticut, Ohio, Delaware, Alabama, New Hampshire,
Rhode Island, New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Lou-
REMARKS OF MR. KING, OF NEW YORK,
AND MR. MOORE,
• IN REPLY TO MR. McCLERNAND.
Mr. JOHN A. KING said that the brief time
allotted for debate would not permit him to reply,
as he might otherwise be desirous of doing,
to the speech of the gentleman from Illinois, , 'sian*j Arkunsa*
[Mr. McCler.vand,] whoJiad just addressed the ;! cIainra„S" ,u„e
committee against the justice and advisability of Virginia; Mitchell, of New York ; Lowndes, of South
indemnifying the sufferers by French spoliations i Carolina; Milledge, of Georgia; Tallmadge, of Connecti-
prior to 1800. He (Mr. K.) did not think that the i i cut; Williams, of North Carolina; Davis, of Kentucky;
£ . , *ii Ann Gre o. nf Penn*v1vnni .
fact that the sum claimed was a large one, and that I
it was an old clnim, could not be considered in any j
degreeasinvalidatingitsjustice, Itwas,inhis(Mr. i
K.'s) opinion, as just and equitable a claim as any
that had ever been presented to Congress, and he
could not, therefore, allow the remarks that had 1
been made in opposition to it to pass without ,
reply To save time, he would read a paper which ; |
he held in his hand, entitled^ Brief reasons why j iothervtse would have rightfully had on the Government of
the sufferers by French spoliations, prior to 1800, n 'France.' Subsequent reports to the same effect (twenty-
should be indemnified by their own Government." 8ix ?n 1?UmJ>er) were made by committees of both Houses,
i* oc I at the head of which stood Edward Livingston, Holmes,
it is as toiiows. Webster, Everett, Wilkins, Chambers, Howard, Archer.
" In 1793, France and .Great Britain being at war, com- j Morehead, Cushing, C. J. Ingersoll, Choate, Clayton, and
mitted extensive depredations on American commerce, and ' | Truman Smith, (exclusive of the reports in both Houses of
of the facts, favorable to the
committee consisting of Giles, of
and Gregg, of Pennsylvania.
" February 18,1807. Another committee, consisting of
Marion, of South Carolina; Eppes, of Virginia; George
Clinton, of New «¥ork; Tallmadge, of Connecticut;
Cutts, of Massachusetts; Dickson, of Tennessee ; Blount,
of North Carolina; Findlay, of Pennsylvania; and Tan-
ney, of New Hampshire, made a report, containing the fol-
lowing emphatic declaration, that ' this' Government, by
' expunging the second article of our convention with
' France, of the 30th September, 1800, became bound to w-
tbe merchants, alarmed, began to withdraw from the ocean,
to the great detriment of the Treasury, when the Govern* j
ment, through the Secretary of State, (Thomas Jefferson,)
by a circular dated August 27,1793, assured the merchants I
that ' due attention will be paid to any injuries they may i
' suffer on the high seas, orin foreign countries, contrary to 1
' the laws of nations or to existing treaties; and that, on '
'their forwarding well-authenticated evidence of the same, |
* proper proceedings will be adopted for their relief.9 (Doc.
109, p. 216.)
the present Congress,) while not a single adverse report
has been made by the majority of any committee in either
House since the year 1826, when, by a resolution of Con-
gress, they were first put in possession of all the documents
connected with these transactions.
" The irresistible conclusion from the preceding Acts,
supported by the uncontradicted testimony of many of the
most eminent statesmen known in our country, and who
were personally cognizant of those facts^ is, that an im-
i j mense amount of the property of private citizens has been
" Relying on these assurances, commercial enterprise re-
ceived a fresh impulse, and a series of captures by both bel- , «
ligerents followed. England provided for the payment of j and performed by us, would hav*led to incalculable na-
those made by her, but France, acknowledging her liability, |
used to purchase for the Government a release from treaty
obligations, which, had they been insisted on by France,
advanced a counter claim fbr the non-fulff Ihnent of the^tip- j
ulation* of the treaties of 1778 and 1788, guaranteeing j
forever her possessions in the West Indies, acquired, or to j
be acquired, as an equivalent for the supplies of men and {
money furnished by her in our struggle for independence,
and which contributed so largely to that happy event*
"Two successive missions were sent to France—first, I
Pinckney, Marshall, and Gerry, in 1797, and Elsworth, j
Davie, and Murray, in 1799, who offered France thirteen j
millions or francs (which would now, at simple interest, |
, exceed ten millions of dollars) to purchase a release from
! those treaty stipulations, which was refused by France as
[ wholly inadequate; and finally these extensive claims of
, private citizens (comprising upwards of seven hundred,
merchant vessels and cargoes, valued at #15,000,000,) were
surrendered by the American Government to purchase their
own release from these stipulations. +
" William Vans Murray (one of the ministers) says, in a
letter to James Madison, Secretary of State, July 1,1801:
; '1 wish I bad been authorized to subscribe to a joint aban-
donment of treaties and indemnities; as claims, they ttrill
caways be set off against each other; and I consider the
' cessation of their claims to treaties as valuable.* (Doc.
102, p. 675.V
" Robert R. Livingston, minister to France, April27,1803,
says:' The payment for illegal captures, with damages and
' ' indemnities, was demanded on one side, and the renewal
" The" Constitution of the United States (article 5 of
amendments) provides that i private property shall not be
taken for the public use without just compensation.'
u In the words of Edward Livingston, himself an active
participant in the politico of that day, 4 If so, can there be
' a doubt, independent of the constitutional provision, that
' the sufferers are entitled to indemnity t] Under that pro-
(vision, is not this right converted into <toe that we are un-
(der the most solemn obligation to satisfy V "
Mr. MOORE having obtained the floor, re-
marked, that he wished to occupy about ten min-
utes of the time of the committee in reply to some
of the remarks of the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] who had just re-
smneij his seat, and also to give his reasons why
hfllhould vote for the bill for the payment of the
French spoliation claims, if he could get an op-
portunity of doing it. Mr. Chairman, I shall vote
for that bill from a sense of duty and justice, be-
lieving that if there ever was a just and righteous
claim against the Government, these claims are of
that nature; and that if our Government was ever
'of the treaty of 1788 on the other; they were considered as j; legally and morally bound to pay any debt, those
' °f 5<(wa/ value, and they only formed the subject of the 2d |i obligations are resting upon it in the c^se of these
•article.' (Doe. 1°2, p. 7t7.) __   _ I m ^
" James Madison, (then Secretary of State,) February 6,
1804, says: ' The claims from which France was released
' were admitted by France, and the release was for a vatu- .
' able consideration ill a correspondent release of the United ,
' States from certain claims on them.' (Doc. 102, p. 795.)
" John Marshall (one of the ministers) says: < I would '
claims. That our citizens to whom these claims are
now due from the Government, had at one time
an undoubted right to demand and receive them
from another Government, is a fact and a truth
Which I believe the honorable gentleman from Illi*
'positively oppose any admission of "the claim of any ii^iois does not deny, and which I know has been
< Fri neh citizen, if not accomnanied with theariTniRsion of j admitted, not only by our Government, but alsoi
by the Government against which those claims
' were held. And I think, then, Mr. Chairman 
that the only questions for us to consider are,
whether those claims have ever been paid—no,
sir, I am wrong, not whether they nave ever
been paid, for they have been paid by the French
Government—-but whether the holders of those
claims have ever received them ? And if not, are
they not justly ^ptitled to receive them from the
I party who assumed the debt, and gave to the
i French Government a quit-claim receipt for th$
same? And, sir, the very best evidence we can
1 possibly have that the nolders of these claims
French citizen, if not accompanied with the admission of
' the claims of American citizens for property captured and
'condemned for want of a roled'equipage. My reason for
< conceiving that this ought to be stipulated expressly, was
' a conviction that, if it was referred to commissioners, it
'would be committing absolutely to chance as complete a
(right as any individual ever possessed^ (Journal, p. 471,
No. 316.)
"He {Chief Justice Marshall) stated that, having been
connected with the events of that period, and conversant
with the circumstances under which the claims arose, he
was, from his own knowledge, satisfied that there was the
strongest obH^ation on the Government to compensate the
sufferers by the French spoliation(Letter from Hon.
W. C. Preston, U. S. Senate, S. C.)
"Timothy Pickering (Secretary of State in 1800) says:
' Ifthe relinquishment of these claims had not been made,
* the present French Government (1824) wonld be responsi-
< bJe; consequently, the relinquishment by our .own Gov-
ernment having been made in consideration that the
have never received the amounts due them, is in
  „ the fact that they are here now, and have been for
'French Government relinquished its demand for a renewal j, ft half century, asking for that which rightfully
'ofthe old treaties, then it seems clearthat,flf our Govern- •; , , , , ' * fv T. ° r '
'ment applied the merchants'property to buy off those old - and truly belongs to them. Ihey are not here
' treaties, the sums so ampliedshould be reimbursed.1 (Let- i asking alms of the (government; ^ tney do not
ter 19th November. 1824. ;: come to Congress begging for charity, but they
"Monsieur Roederer (one of the French ministers who ! come with a consciousness of their rig-ht to come,
ShNoSrV^0? '(SnSTS ;! expecting as they have a right to expect, that
' article) is a prudent and amicable renunciation of the re- ' justice will be done them. It will not do for us to
' spective pretensions which were expressed in that article.' aay, as the honorable gentleman from Illinois has
«Napoleon Bonaparte (First ConsulI in 1800) saya: "The intimated tliis morning, that the two nations
* suppression of this article at once put an end to the priw I -
' leges which France had by the treaties of 1778, and an- were in a state of war, and that this debt or these
