1%1.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*05
31st Cong 2d Skss.
Agricultural Bnreau—Mr. Newell.
Ho. or Reps.
of his Country, and which is in the following ||
wnrds: >
•' This specie* of establishment contributes doubly to the
teems* or improvement, by stimulating to enterprise and
eipcrwent, ami by 4 rawing to a common centra the remits
everywhere ot imlivutnal skill and observation awl spread-
ing thenec nv -r the whole nation. Experience ao-
orcNmrfr, has shown that they are very cheap instruments of
lmm* nw national benefit.''
This is Washinston's own unadorned language.
Could anything be better said ? If such would
have been the result in his day, how much more
would thete benefits be felt now, with the wider
field of extension which is open before them.
The aid which agriculture is likely to derive
from chemistry, the handmaid of all the arts and
sciences, promises to be as great and wonderful as
that which accrues to commerce by the help of
■team and electricity. The German chemist Lei-
big, who led the way in the analysis of soils, and
their productions* deserves a fame more enduring
than that of kings and conquerors, and perhaps
it will yet he accorded him.
A knowledge of soils, and the proper application
of plants to these soils, so that the energies applied
in the culture of^he enrth shall be rightly applied,
systematically and rationally applied, will make a
difference in the results of farm labor which will
be felt in every grade of life, and in every depart-
ment of trade. Hitherto farmers have been con-
tent to follow certain customs, without asking why
they were established, or whether better ones
could not be found. They hare groped in the
dark, as to a thousand things which are now
brought to light and explained by chemistry; and
the intelligent farmer knows, even now, the best
purpose to which he can devote his grounds, what
is most profitable to cultivate, and when and where
it should be planted. But, how few are the really ,
veil-informed on this subject, and how large a
proportion of the toil which is bestowed upon the
earth is worse than thrown away! The farmers of
the past generation in our country, and too many
of the present day, have used the soil and the
forests as though there were none to come after
tiem; and it has certainly been a misfortune to the
old States, that there has been so convenient a re-
treat from them to other virgin soils, to be in their
turn, unless the system of culture is changed,
cropped to exhaustion, and abandoned to sterility.
Wnile it is in the power of the Government to ar-
rest this culpable prodigality, by diffusing a proper
knowledge of farming, it is recreant to the sacred ■
trust confided to it, if the means are neglected. It
ia the especial duty of Government—of good Gov-
ernment—to provide for the future as well as the
present; to transmit the blessings of the present to
posterity; and I rejoice in the conviction that this
dirty cannot be much longer neglected. There are
a vast number of agricultural papers and magazines
published throughout the country, and they are ful-
filling their mission, which is to show the farmer
hia duty, his interests, and his rights. When
these come to be more generally understood—and
that will be before many years—this Government
will do what is right for agricultural interests; be-
cause what is right will also be popular.
Several of the States have already appointed,
within their respective limits, competent persons
to analyze the soils, and the various natural de-
posites, whose use would serve to improve them.
The State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent upon this floor, has had her geologist abroad,
and I hope, sir, that the time will come when she
will appoint a State agriculturalist, who shall
Tisit every portion of the State, analyze our soils,
and collect and disseminate useful agricultural in- 
formation. This plan has been adopted by Mary-
land, and, as I am informed by gentlemen who
reside there, the most marked benefit has resulted
from it.
For a few years past, various parts of New
Jersey have been visited by Professor Mapes, one
of the most forcible'and scientific writers on agri-
culture in this country, and a gentleman also of
great general intelligence and worth. Wherever
he has delivered his course of lectures the most
evident improvement in farming has ensued. 1
hope that we may have the good fortune to secure
his services permanently for New Jersey. There
is, perhaps, no one of the old States where the
formers are doing more to repair the effects of
wasteful husbandry, and open the resources, of
improvement, by means of lime, marl, and other j
manures, and by judicious draining, than that j
State. County associations an' being established '
for the annual "exhibitions of their productions. I
had the satisfaction to attend one of these last Fall,
in a county of the district which honors ine with
a seat here, (Burlington,) and I will remark for
the benefit of those who, from a want of knowl-
edge, are disposed to underrate the agricultural
character of our State, that, in my opinion, the
display which was there made, of live stock,
grains, vegetables, &c., cannot well be surpassed,
and, indeed, is seldom equalled in any other State
in the Union.
But, sir, New Jersey is not selfish. She will
share her knowledge with others, and gladly bring
her portion to the common centre. We have no
occasion to fear the effects of rivalry, or the result
of competition in farm products, for our rich and
diversified soil, favorable climate, inexhaustible
beds of marl and peat and limestone, proximation
to the best cash markets in the country, and the
facilities for transporting our products thither, are
worth more to our people than protection oi^, pro-
hibitory tariffs; and yet, sir, we have large manu-
factories in our State which cannot, ought not, to
be required to compete with the pauper labor of
Europe. I sincerely hope, that notwithstanding
many ineffectual efforts which have be«n made by
the niends of protection here during the present
Congress, we shall not adjourn without making
such alterations in the oppressive tariff bill of 1846
as will enable our manufacturing establishments
to revive from its paralyzing effects before they
shall be entirely prostrated.
The advantages to be derived from the establish-
ment of an Agricultural Bureau, are immediate and :
obvious, and not, like some schemes which have
been pressed upon Congress, remote and specu-
lative. We have a territory embracing such va-
rieties of soil and climate, that it may almost be
said to be a world of itself; we can cultivate al- '
most every product of the earth, which enters into
the consumption of the human family. Even the
tea-plant, which has been so long regarded as the
exclusive property of the Chinese, has been ac-
climated in South Carolina, and the time may come
when we shall cease to rely upon the " Celestial
Empire" for this favorite beverage, which habit
seems to have made indispensable.
By no class of men are the consequences of mis-
directed labor more severely felt, or more slowly
remedied than by farmers. In most other occu-
pations, the error of one day or month may be
corrected on the following day, or the ensuing i
month, but the farmer counts hts experience by
the seasons, and the mistakes of one year generally
require the efforts of another year for their correc-
tion. Hence, agriculturalists are, and ever have
been, most cautious of innovations and slow to
adopt improvements. The periodicals of the day
devoted to the interests of the soil are generally
well conducted, and contain much practical inform-
ation adapted to the various localities, but they
fall short of the requirements of the age; they travel
over and over again the same beaten track; they
feel the need of some common fountain-head upon
which they may draw for fresh knowledge. This,
the Government alone can supply; and while the
statements of individuals, or the investigations of
private societies, will always be taken with more
or less distrust, the result of researches made under
the authority of the Government will be regarded
as reliable, and will be acted upon with confidence.
Notwithstanding we claim superiority in most .
branches of modern arts, we are sadly behind the
Old World in that of agriculture; and this is not,
perhaps, to be wondered at. It has been our lot
to be cast in a land where we'are " embarrassed
with riches." Wehave somuch land that we are at
a loss to know how to dispose of it. We have
recently bestowed millions of acres upon our sol-
diers, and for purooses of internal improvement,
and have many millions more which cannot be oc-
cupied for ages to oome. But the Old World is .
ahead of us in the skillful culture of the earth, '
and for the plainest reason: Men crowded to-
gether upon a small area of land are compelled
By stern necessity to make the most of their lim-
ited means; ana .where hunger is the school-
master, the lesson taught is not apt to be soon
forgotten. The whole extent of the kingdom of
Great Britain is not greater than that of one of our
largest States, but its products far exceed those of
many of our States added together. This ought
not so to be.
Mr. Chairman, in this age, so prolific of devel-
opments, involving such vast consequences, scarce-
ly any new discovery or invention will surpr.ise
me, and hence I am riot altogether skeptical of the
following statement, which I find in the Patent
Office report for the year 1849-'50, page 467,
Second part. If something like what is here de-
scribed, has not been already invented, as is
claimed, I believe it may be, nt no distant day:
Bickit't Chemical .Izotic Powder.
We have received, through the politeness of William II.
Robertson, Esq., (whose letter is given below,) a pneknga
containing specimens of a newly-discovered preparation
which has caused considerable sensation in France, called
" Hick&s's Chemical Azouc Powder." Mr. R. writes as
follows:
New York, May 10,1850.
Hon. Thomas Ewsank,
8m: I have this day taken the liberty to tend you a
package which I brought with me from Paris, containing
" liickCx's Process of Cultivation with Manure."
The sensation created by this process has been extraor-
dinary under my own eye; and from what I have witnessed,
i have been induced to procure from him (M. Bickos) the
accompanying preparation, that if it ha&merit, our country
may benefit by it. Your office being the proper channel for
its distribution, I send it to you for that purpose, recom-
mending that it should be tried upon poor and exhausted
land.
I have myself seen the largest stalks of wheat, the largest
stems, shoots, and heads I ever saw, said to have been
grown in moveable sand. With the package is the mode
of application.
I am, with great respect, vour obedient servant,
• WILLIAM H. ROBERTSON.
From a cursory glance through the pamphlet accompany-
ing the preparation tbrwarded by Mr. R., it would appear
that the inventor, M. Bick&s,after a long and careful study
of vegetable physiology, bccame convinced that the growth
of plants is mainly dependent upon the organs of absorption
and assimilation, and that these being located in that pm tion
of the plant above the ground, the great desideratum was to
discover some cheap chemical compound, which would
stimulate their development.
This compound he thinks he has discovered in the form
of what he calls an azotic powder.
The advantages which he claims for his new system are
as follows:
1st. A general adaptation to all soils and plants, whether
the last be of field or garden culture.
2d. A superior yield to the ordinary process, with half the
seed.
3d. Greater economy—the cost of the manure being only
^3 per acre.
4th. Vegetation being so rapid as to enable the farmer,
with certain plants, to make two crops in a season where
before he grew but one.
5th. Increased size of fruit.
6th. Flavor of fruit improved, and perfums of flowers In-
creased.
7th. Remedy for disease in plants.
8th. Fallow dispensed with.
9th. Immediate profitable yield from the most sterile
land.
The mode of application is to add to the powder sufficient
warm water to form a paste; and then to mix the seed
thoroughly with this before sowing.
These specimens have been submitted to persons emi-
nently capable of testing their merits; and the results of
their experiments will hereafter be given to the public.
Mr. Chairman, Mount Vernon ought to be the
property of the United States. It ought to be so
if from no other considerations than such as hal-
low it in the hearts of our people as the earthly
resting-place of the Father of his Country. The
present proprietor may dispose of it in whatever
manner may seem best to him, but I sincerely
hope that he may never alienate it except to Vir-
ginia or the United States. I have not the honor
of an acquaintance with the gentleman in posses-
sion, but I am informed that the estate may be
purchased by the Government. I have no fear,
not the least, sir, that this property will fall into
the hands of strangers and speculators, but I
would have the Government, that is, the people,
own it.
Sir, as we daily leave this Capitol to descend to
the avenue below, the most prominent object that
strikes the eye is a structure, already some eighty
feet high, of pure white marble—it is the noble
commencement of a monument to Washington—
it is strictly the work of the people—no dollar
have we ever appropriated to it in our public ca-
pacity; but while the din of sectional strife and
bitterness was loud within this and the other Cham-
ber, the hammer and the chisel were busily ply-
ing their task yonder, and block upon block was
quietly lifted to its enduring place in that lofty
pillar, as a memento of the great Leader under
