1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The future policy of the Government—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. or Reps.
It is well known that Great Britain, whose com-
merce with us greatly exceeds that of any other
nation, has, within *a few years past, essentially
modified and greatly reduced her impositions on
our productions. The rate of her duties seldom
exceeds ten per cent, where ours is thirty. We
are told, however, from time to time, that to pre-
vent the consumption of tobacco among her sub-
jects, she imposes a heavy duty on that article,
and therefore we ought to retaliate by imposing a
similiar exorbitant rate. But "one swallow does
not make a Summer." This is the exception, not
the rule. According to such logic, because she
admits our cotton free of duty, of more importance
even than tobacco to us, we ought to admit alt1 her
productions likewise free. Comparing her tariff
with ours, as a whole it is vastly lower, it can-
not be pretended, therefore, that additional duties
should be imposed by us with a view to retalia-
tion, our existing rates already being greater
than those of most of the nations with which we
trade. As they are generally adopting our free-
trade notions, is it wise in us to seek to^drive them
back to the restrictive systems of former times?
We are now—brought to the consideration of
the third of these grounds, viz: the policy of pro-
tecting our manufactures during their infancy.
The system of high duties began with the war of
1812, and has been continued by the successive
tariff acts down to the present time. During this
entire period, with the exception of less than two
years immediately preceding the passage of the
act of 1842, when the rates went down to twenty
per cent., -the duties on most of the protected arti-
cles have ranged from thirty to more than one
hundred per cent. In a word, for a period of
nearly forty years, our manufactures have enjoyed
the advantage of a protection of thirty per cent,
and upwards. Can they be now fairly regarded
as infant establishments? Ought they not now,
with the aid of thirty per cent, duties, and the ad-
ditional advantage which they derive from the cost
of the importation of foreign articles, to ba able to
sustain themselves? If they cannot, ought we to
give additional bounties, in the language of Mr.
Webster, in his speech in 1824, "to support a
business which will not support itself?"
I admit the soundness of the doctrine of protec-
tion this far: If by fostering any species of indus-
try for a reasonable period, even at some expense
to other interests, you can enable it to sustain itself
against fair competition, the policy is allowable.
By thus diversifying the pursuits of our people,
we advance the general interest. No one will ques-
tion that the existence of manufacturing establish-
ments is advantageous to a country; but it is equal-
ly clear that any branch of business which, after
being nursed by bounties for a long while, is never
able to stand competition, ought to be abandoned.
At any rate, I am not disposed to go beyond the
existing high rate of duties, to bolster up such es-
tablishments. Were we to do so, it is obvious
that we should inflict greater injury on other
interests than we should confer benefits on the
favored.
As respects the fourth reason, 1 need hardly
■ay that the United States have already made such
advances in every species of industry as to make
them independent of all the world. Were we sur-
rounded by a wall, so as to have our intercourse
with the rest of mankind interrupted, we should
suffer no serious inconvenience. Every variety
of manufacturing industry is rapidly diffusing
itself throughout the entire country. North Car-
olina, for example, is not regarded as a manufac-
turing State to any extent, yet they assure me that
the locomotives for railroads made there, are quite
equal to etay that can be obtained abroad. Of
her capacity to produce, however, I shall speak
presently.
We have thus, Mr. Chainhan, rapidly glanced
over the arguments usually resorted to, to sustain
our tariffs, as far as they have been incidentally
protective. Whatever may have been the force
of these reasons formerly, they are now entitled
to no weight whatever. We may now examine
this whole question upon its proper merits, inde-
pendently of all such extraneous considerations.
At the last session, I felt myself free to act upon
this question with reference solely to the present
and the future. I propose, in the first place, sir,
to take some notice of the positions of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hampton,] who
spoke some time since in favor of laying addi-
tional duties on such foreign productions as come
in competition with our own manufactures. He
discussed especially the iron and coal interests.
■ In this he has followed the example of the advo-
cates of high duties generally, who seem to sup-
pose that they can make their strongest point
with reference to iron, and therefore place it in the
foreground of the argument. If I shall be able to
«show that they fail upon this, the point selected
by them as their strongest, I shall have accom-
plished a part of my present purpose. The argu-
ment of the gentleman, and those who agree with
him, is substantially this: Admitting that the raw
materials out of which iron is made, to wit: ore,
, coal, &c., can be had at as cheap a rate in the
United States as elsewhere, he affirms that the
labor employed constitutes nine tenths of the cost
. of'making iron, and that this, the main element in
its production, is four times as cheap in Great
Britain as it is in the United States; that the
British capitalists, therefore, can obtain as much
labor for twenty or twenty-five cents per day,
as the American manufacturer can get for one
' dollar. He asks, therefore, that such a duty be
imposed upon the foreign article as will make it
, as dear as American iron, produced by laborers
who receive the above high rate of wages. I
regret that the gentleman from Pennsylvania did
not state at what price per ton the Pennsylvania
iron-masters would undertake to deliver rail-
: road iron in New York, or other cities on the
sea-board. From other sources, however, and
especially the iron conventions in his State and
in New-York, I am of opinion that they would
not feel willing so to deliver it at much less, if any,
than $60 per ton. Let us suppose, however, that
they coula afford it at only $50, which is certainly
a favorable calculation for them. Nine tenths of
this cost is, according to his own showing, to be
set down to the item of labor, being $45—leaving
$5 only for the cost of the raw material; but, ac-
cording to his figures, the English manufacturer
will obtain the same labor at a cost of only $1125;
adding $5 for the material, a ton of railroad iron,
therefore, could be made in England for f16 25.
In support of this calculation, too, it may be re-
marked, that the convention of iron-workers,
which met at Albany, in the State of New York,
little more than a year ago, stated, in their pub-
lished proceedings, that establishments favorably
situated in Great Britain did deliver such iron on
tide water at a cost from $17 to $20 per ton. The
usual price, however, is somewhat higher, and
may be commonly set down at $25 to $27 per ton.
There is no doubt of the fact that, if railroad iron
were admitted free of duty entirely, it could be
had in our seaport towns at a cost not above $30
per ton. After paying the existing rate of duties,
and all the incidental costs of importation, it is
now obtainable at $40.
If a railroad company, therefore, should buy
domestic iron at $50 per. ton, instead of the for-
eign article at $30, it is obvious that such compa-
ny would lose $20 on every ton of iron so bought.
Does the manufacturer gain this sum ? According
to the case supposed and their own showing, he
would in fact retdize nothing; being obliged to pay
out fully that amount during the production. If
it were even conceded that he in this way cleared
$5 per ton, this would be only one fourth as much
as the purchaser would lose. It is obvious, there-
fore, that, both the seller and the buyer being alike
entitled to our protection and favor, the taking $20
from one to give the other but $5 would be a
losing business to our conutrymen. If this be the
whole case, it is admitted by everybody that such
a policy would be short-sighted and ruinous in the
extreme. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
however, says that while employed in the produc-
tion of this iron, a number of our laborers find
employment, and are better paid than they could
otherwise be. He tells us that a furnace capable
of making annually ten thousand tons of railroad
iron, will give support, including both the work-
men and their families, to six thousand persons.
But the ten thousand tons of iron are sufficient for
a railroad of more than a hundred miles in length;
and everybody knows the expenditure made in
constructing a railroad of that length, is greatly
more than sufficient to support this number of
persons. The gentleman says further, however,
that such a furnace affords a home market, and
enables the farmers to get a better price for their
produce than they otherwise could do. It is un-
doubtedly true that the persons living in the
vicinity of such a furnacewould be thus benefited.
But it will not be denied that a railroad of one
hundred miles in length, properly laid out, would
be greatly more advantageous even in this re-
spect. The railroad would not only be accessible
to a greater number of persons by reason of its
length, but would also lead to markets less easily
glutted than the furnace. Railroads are therefore
justly regarded by our people as the great stimu-
lators of industry and enterprise of all sorts. Such
is the extent of our country and the diversity of
its productions, and so strong is the desire of our
people to be traveling from point to point, that the
energies of the community are everywhere direct-
ed to the opening of these highways of commerce
and travel. We admit their importance ourselves,
when we here give large bodies of the public
lands to facilitate their construction. Yes, sir;
and at the very time when we are devoting the
public money, or property, which is the same
thing, to such objects, we are guilty of the folly
of throwing obstacles in the way of individuals
and States, who are engaged in executing the
works. On one day we declare that railroads are
such favorites with us that we make appropria-
tions to secure their construction, and on the next
we sacrifice these our proteges for the benefit of a
few wealthy capitalists. I say a few, for I do
not believe that there are a dozen establishments
in all the United State's, that ever have made, or
are now disposed to engage in the making of rail-
road iron.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hamp-
ton] admitted the other day, in reply to a question
put from the other side of the House, that in his
own State and in the immediate vicinity of these
works, they were using the foreign iron for their
railroads. Those engaged in making them, rather
than purchase the domestic article, prefer to pay
the duty on the foreign and the cost of importa-
tion, amounting together to fifty-seven and a half
per cent. Great Britain takes our cotton free of
duty, because by its manufacture she gives em-
ployment to a large portion of her population. By
imposing high duties on it she might benefit her
East India cotton planters; but she has the saga-
city to see that by such a proceeding she would
lose more than she could possibly gain. Why
should we not imitate her wisdom, and avail our-
selves of her cheap production of iron, so as, by
means of railroads, to stimulate our American in-
dustry? There is another principle bearing upon
this view, of which the friends of protection are
constantly endeavoring to avail themselves. By
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Strong,] offered in Committee of the
Whole the other day, certain articles now taxed
were exempted from duties. The reason given for
this is, that those articles are used by the manu-
facturers, and that they should be free to enable
them to obtain them cheaply, so as to promote
the manufacturing interests. For a similar reason
sheathing copper is required to be free of duty,
because our ship-builders use it for covering the
bottoms of our vessels. They will not consent,
therefore, that any duty should be imposed on
that article for the benefit of the Lake Superior
and other copper mines of the Union. In a word,
what the manufacturers and ship-builders use
themselves they desire to get free and cheap, be-
cause, they say, our industry is thereby stimulated.
Does not this principle apply in an eminent degree
to iron? It is an instrument of industry, alike to
the farmer and to the mechanic, affording to both
I the implements necessary in their daily occupa-
] tions, and in the form of rails it constitutes the
thoroughfares of commerce and travel. Not less
' than a. million tons of iron are supposed to be an-
nually consumed in the United States. If the
manufacturers could attain the object they have in
view of raising the price of the article $10 a ton
above its present rate, they would thereby impose
an annual tax on the consumers of the country of
ten millions of dollars. No rate of duties, however,
could in fact have produced any such effect, be-
cause throughout all the interior States there are
establishments already sufficiently protected from
