208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The future policy of the Government—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. or Reps.
foreign competition by the difficulties of trans-
portation from abroad, which supply the common
kinds of iron for domestic purposes at prices not
affected in any way by our duties. It is different,
however, with railroad iron, almost all that is used
being imported from abroad. Any additional du-
ties on it would be so much at least added to its
price. The proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, made at the last session, to which I have
already alluded, adding as it did one hundred and
fifty per cent, additional duties to that already ex-
isting on railroad iron, would have increased so
much the cost of the iron necessary for the com-
pletion of the two roads now m progress in North
Carolina, viz: the Central, and the relaying of the
Raleigh and Gaston road, as to be equivalent to a
direct tax on the State of $400,000. It would
have fallen even more heavily upon lome other
States and companies. It may be well, too, Mr.
Chairman, to remind gentlemen, that prior to the
passage of the tariff of 1842 railroad iron had
always been admitted free of duty. During that
period the northeastern States made great prog-
ress with their roads. It seems hard that the
southern and western States, which are struggling
to effect objects so desirable to the whole country,
should now have obstacles thrown in the way of
their success. It is useless for gentlemen to pre-
tend that if we will submit to these burdens for a
time, we shall thereby after a season get the do-
mestic at a lower rate than the foreign article can
be obtained. This argument is refuted and utterly
demolished by the leading positions of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hampton] himself.
He says that the main element in the production
cf iron is the labor bestowed on it. Unless, there-
fore, his constituents are willing to work at less
wages than the English operatives do, that is, at
less than twenty or twenty-five cents a day, they
cannot possibly make iron at a lower rate than
foreigners can; but they not only exclaim against
this, but it is avowed that they cannot consent to
work for less than a dollar per day.
We are now brought, sir, to the solution of the
real evil under which the iron interest of Penn-
sylvania is laboring. It is suffering from the ef-
fects of our former excessive protection. Having
in consequence of the former high duties a species
of monopoly, and possessing in convenient situa-
tions abundance of the raw material, her capital-
ists found the iron business excessively profitable.
There was a great rush of capital, therefore, in
this direction. The iron-masters absorbed all the
labor that could be obtained, either at home or by
emigration from abroad, for this business. Their
competition soon made the rate of wages extrav-
agantly high. In this way, even if the tariff of
1842 hatl not been changed, she must soon by glut-
ting the whole market have had her progress
checked. Undoubtedly, the reduction of the du-
ties down to thirty per cent, has contributed to
brirtg on this crisis rather sooner. The same re-
sult, however, could not have been prevented at a
later day, even if the duties had been made pro-
hibitory. The diminution of the profits of the
iron-masters has obliged those having least advan-
tages to suspend business, because they cannot
afford to pay the present rate of wages, and hence
some operatives are for a season thrown out of
employment.
Such must continue to be the case, I fear, until
wages are lower. I need not say, sir, that I
should rejoice not only to see those engaged in
the iron business of Pennsylvania, but every
laboring man throughout the United States receiv-
ing not merely one, but ten dollars per day. This,
however, cannot possibly be. Those laborers
engaged in agriculture in the southern and western
States are generally receiving less perhaps than
fifty cents per day. Are not the farmers as mer-
itorious as the manufacturers ? If so, why should
we impose burdens on them, constituting as they
do the vast majority of our countrymen, for the
benefit of the few? The real point in the case,
Mr. Chairman, is simply this: the farmers of
the country, on an average, are not receiving fifty
cents per day for their labor, and we are asked to
tax them in order that the manufacturers of iron
may be able to get one dollar der day. Stripped
of all humbug, this is the naked proposition be-
fore us. Will any one affirm its justice ? When
they conssnt to receive only the same rate of
wages as the laborers of the Union generally ob-
tain, they will be employed. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania intimates that they will not consent
to this, and he asks how are we to get along if
the iron business of the country should stop.
But the gentleman misriit have gone further, and
demanded with additional emphasis what is to be-
come of us, if the farmers of the country should
cease to make grain. If you were to tell a New
England farmer, who is receiving seventy-five
cents per bushel for his corn, that the price would
be brought down to fifty cents, he would probably
tell you that he would be ruined, and would have
to quit the business. Those in another part of
the country who are accustomed to receive fifty
cents per bushel, would be equally alarmed at the
prospect of getting only twenty-five cents. Yet
we know, sir, that there are parts of the Union
where corn is made and sold at only ten cents per
bushel. These people continue the business be-
cause they cannot Uo as well at anything else.
They prosecute their patient industry, and do not
raise a great hue and cry, and send swarms of
lobby members to induce us to tax other interests
for their benefit. Nor is it anything to the pur-
pose to tell us that failures have occurred there.
The same thing is constantly happening with mer-
chants, farmers, and other classes. In fact, the
| higher the profits in any kind of business, the
t greater the rush to it of wild adventurers, and the
j more numerous the failures. Why, sir, if our
tariff was repealed entirely, it would hardly affect
the aggregate amount of iron made in the United
States. A portion of our population would still
find it to be their interest to continue in the busi-
| ness, and would soon be content with the same
H rate of wages that the rest of our laborers ar%get-
; ting. It is possible that Pennsylvania will in that
event see some of her operatives removing from
time to time to the fresh and fertile lands <5f the
, West. She might not show an increase in her
population in the next ten years of more than
! thirty per cent., but she would still continue to
increase as fast as several of the old States have
' been doing.
The condition of Massachusetts, as respects her
cotton manufactures, resembles that of Pennsylva-
nia. There has been there an excessive accumu-
lation of capital and labor, in this and some other
branches of business, and she is now suffering from
like causes. Is it not better upon the whole that
she and Pennsylvania, when their whole capacity
for production is considered, both agricultural and
manufacturing, should make up their minds to see
a portion of their people emigrate, rather than at-
tempt to detain them by high wages, which can
be maintained only by a highly artificial system—
a system too, which imposes greater burdens on
other sections than benefits on themselves. The
competition of foreign fabrics is not the sole cause
of the present suffering of Massachusetts. The
high price of the raw material, cotton, at this
time, is perhaps the main element of her distress.
There is another reason, however, which ought
not to be overlooked. I mean the growing com-
petition of the southern States. This is a cause
which is rapidly becoming stronger, and which
the legislation of this Government cannot materi-
ally check. I would direct your attention to North
Carolina, because I know more about her and
what she contains. I must first, however, make
a passing remark with referrence to coal and iron,
lest it should be supposed that I am indifferent to
the interests of Pennsylvania, because my own
State has not similar advantages. Iron ore is not
only generally and abundantly diffused throughout
the State, but she has also two large deposits of
coal. The fields of this mineral, too, are fortu-
nately deposited on the two rivers most easily
rendered naVigable of any in the State, and empty-
ing into the ocean within her own limits. The
existence of the coal on Deep river, has been
known for halfa century, but until recently it was
not supposed that it could be transported with fa-
cility to the markets of the world. The opera-
tions, however, of the Cape Fear and Deep River
Navigation Company, have within the last twelve
months rendered it certain that this coal can easily
and cheaply be transported to the ocean. The field
is extensive, and cannot be exhausted forcenturies.
It contains in abundance the best varieties of
highly bituminous, semi-bituminous, and anthra-
! cite coal. Capitalists from Massachusetts and
| New York, who have recently acquired interests
in the mines, assure me with the utmost confi-
dence, that they will be able to mine this coal, and
transport it to tide water, at a cost of less than
per ton. It costs more than $3 per ton to trans-
port the coals of Maryland and Pennsylvania to
the sea. The stream, with the locks already nearly
completed, is capable of conveying in steimboats
several millions of tons annually. We expect,
therefore, to be able to supply with the best kinds
of coal, the cities of the Atlantic coast, and the
steamers of the ocean. There are, also, in some
places, lying immediately above thecoal, large de-
posits of rich iron ore. In the production of iron,
either free or slave labor can be obtained at forty
to fifty cents per day. This labor, when employed
in raising coal and iron ore in the vicinity of Pitts-
burg, in Allegheny county, costs not less than $1
per day. Provisions also are abundant and cheap.
When, therefore, in the case above stated, the la-
bor employed in making a ton of iron in Pennsyl-
vania costs §45, the same would cost with us only
$22 50. We might, therefore, when the Pennsyl-
vanians were making nothing, r^ilize a profit of
$22 per ton.
I do not, however, regard the calculations of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hamp-
ton] as entirely accurate. Still I have no doubt
that we should be able to produce iron cheaper
than they are doing in his State. The iron, too,
when thus made, could be transported to the ocean
for less than $1 per ton. It is obvious, therefore,
that our State might put forward a demand for
high protective duties, with as much show of jus-
tice as Pennsylvania does. I trust, however, that
her people will be satisfied with the existing rates,
highly protective as they are. North Carolina
has, also, not less than fifty cotton factories, most
of which have been built within the last four
or five years. I think she is in advance of any of
the southern States in this branch of business.
Whether I am right or not in entertaining this
j opinion, the returns of the late census when com-
! pleted will decide. It is believed by many that the
South cannot compete successfully with the North
in manufacturing, it being supposed that we have
not the capital to spare to such investments. Let
us look for a moment at the elements of manufac-
turing capital. An important one is water power,
and North Carolina has more than enough of this
to move all the machinery now existing in the
world. It may be had, too, in most of the locali-
ties at a price merely nominal. Timber, stone,
and all building materials, are also equally cheap.
North Carolina, though not a great cotton State,
also produces five times as much, probably, as
she or any one southern State is now manufactur-
ing. She can, too, obtain easily an additional sup-
ply from South Carolina, by means of three rail-
roads connecting her with that State. The cotton
now produced by her is cheaper, probably, by one
cent in the pound, than the same article at Charles-
ton. It is also cheaper at Charleston, by three
fourths of a cent, than in New England. Our
manufacturing establishments, therefore, can ob-
tain the raw material at nearly two cents in the
pound cheaper than the New England establish-
ments. Provisionsare also only half as dearwith
us. Labor is likewise 100 per cent, cheaper. In
the upper parts of the State, the labor of either
a free man or a slave, including board, clothing,
&c., can be obtained for from $110 to§120 per an-
num. It cost at least twice that sum in New Eng-
land. The difference in the cost of female labor,
whether free or slave, is even greater. As we
have now a population of nearly one million, we
might advance to a great extent in manufacturing
before we materially increased the wages of labor.
We have, therefore, all the elements of manufac-
turing capital much cheaper than the North, ex-
cept the machinery, and this we should be able to
obtain at the same price. There is a sufficient
surplus capital among us for its purchase. Two
years since, our Legislature imposed a tax on mo-
ney placed at interest, whenever the individual
had more than §1,000 above his own indebtedness.
It appeared that there were more than >15,000,000
so lent. If, as I think it is probably true, that
there is as much now outstanding in smaller sums,
there is not less than thirty millions of capital in
this condition. Much of this sum might at one#
