210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. IS,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The future policy of the Government—Mr. Clingman.
Ho. of Reps.
labor—nor are they as a whole, above the aver-
age fertility of theslaveholdins States. Not only,
too, are they able permanently to maintain their
present population, but nobody, I think, doubts
but what it might be greatly increased, without a
material change in their condition or prosperity.
Is there any reason to apprehend that the southern
States are incapable, as a whole, of sustaining a
population proportionally as great, or even much
greater? It is the opinion of a friend of mine, 011
the other side of the House, from Mississippi [Mr.
Thompson] that in a single bend in the river of
the same name, there is a body of land yet un-
touched, sufficiently extensive and fertile to em-
ploy profitably, in the culture of cotton, all the
slaves now existing in the State of Virginia. That
our population would, in time, become too dense
for a comfortable existence, I do not question.
But the period must be longer than that supposed.
Before that time has arrived, possibly the slaves
may, ia the opinion of some, disappear in another
mode.
But does any man imagine that we shall not ac-
quire additional territory in much less than fifty
years? Why, Mexico even now seems to be on
the eve of falling to pieces. I should not be sur-
prised, at any time, to hear that the adventurous
gold-hunters now in California had organized an
expedition and seized upon the Mexican prownces
immediately south of them. When Texas is filled
up by our emigrants, they cannot be prevented
from passing the Rio Grande and revolutionizing
the neighboring provinces. They are destined to
be occupied by our slaveholding population. It
will fill up ail the country around the Gulf, inclu-
ding the peninsula of Yucatan, and perhaps the
northern portion of the South American continent. 1
This state of things will be likely to occur even
before our interest requires it. That, whether it
be desirable or not, there is no power on this Con-
tinent to prevent it. Mexico is altogether too
feeble. This Government itself cannot do it. It
had as well attempt to curb the waves of the ocean. 1
I say boldly, that if the Government makes the 1
effort, it will itself perish in the attempt. As soon
as we feel the actual want of additional territory,
we shall occupy it either with or without the aid
of this Government. Our right to take it will be
neither better nor worse than that by which we
have driven back the original Indian population.
Even now, we are strong enough to take care of
ourselves against any forces that can be brought
to bear upon us, and we shall be getiing relatively
stronger for some time to come. Sir, the returns
of the census for the past year will present a con-
dition of things not anticipated by many persons.
Within the last ten years, some two millions of
foreigners have arrived in this country. They :
have at mast all become residents of the northern
States. They, of themselves, were sufficient to
have given the North more than twenty additional
members of Congress under the new apportion-
ment. But, in point of fact, if you except the two
members she gets by the admission of California,
she will gain nothing, or at most, Jjut two or three
members. Notwithstanding, therefore, this great
advantage, as well as others which the North has
had, the South will nevertheless very nearly, if
not quite, hold her relative strength. This is due
to the fact that our people, being mostly agricul-
turists, enjoy more of the comforts of life, and are
increasing in numbers faster from natural causes.
The condition of society at the North is less favor-
able to this progress because of the numbers en-
gaged in manufacturing and as servants to the
wealthy, who are without domicils, and who are
frequently reduced to pauperism.
The next decade will show a large increase in
our southern population. We are now nearly
ten millions, and there is no body of people of the
Bame number upon earth better able to defend it-
self against attack. Slavery, instead of being an
element of weakness, is one of positive strength.
The amount of force which any nation can keep
in the field in time of war depends not merely on
the number of its men, but also on the amount of
its production. Few countries, if any, can sus-
tain permanently in the field more than one sixth
of their adult male population. We have a popu-
lation intelligent, enterprising, high-spirited, and
brave, and ever ready to embark in military expe- j
It is due to truth to state, that from the forma-
tion of the Government down to the present time,
in all our wars the South has, in proportion to its
population, sent into the field a larger number of
soldiers than the North. Nor have those men in
battle, either where the snows of Canada lie or
under the tropical sun of Mexico, exhibited any
such want of courage or conduct as to justify this
Government in branding them as inferior to the
men of the northern section, or in depriving them
■of their proper share of the benefits of the Con-
stitution.
Our population is large enough to supply any
call that could be made on it for soldiers, and still
leave at home a sufficient number for industrial
occupations. We must have nearly one million
of freemen capable of bearing arms. Our slave
population too, because it is all employed in labor,
produces probably more than the same number of
freemen in any part of the Union, because alarge
portion of the free are unemployed during much,
if not the whole of their time. No sane man can
imagine that we need have serious fears of an at-
tack from either the nothern States or any foreign
Power. When our numbers are swelled to thirty
or fifty millions, will we be relatively less able?
Sir, we shall have the power to take possession, and
hold as much of the American continent as is ne-
cessary for our comfortable existence. If this Gov-
ernment shall take position against our progress, it
will be overthrown. Great as are its powers,
they are not sufficient to enable it to thus destroy
us. Whether it shall continue to exist or not, he
who lives longest, among us, will see the southern
States—
" Still free and heastiful, and far
Aloot' from desolation."
But this Government was created to wage no
such war against us. It was made by the States
for their protection, and that of their existing in-
stitutions. They intended to invest it with no
powers to destroy their existing state of society
or to foment revolutions among their inhabitants.
Should it, by abandoning its original purposes, be
instigated to such attempts by any process, whether
sudden or slow, then I say, Down with the Govern-
ment ! One of my strongest grounds of objection
to the action of the last session was, that I regarded
it as a great disunion movement. There is reason
to fear that the additional strength given the free
States may at a future day embolden them to make
an attempt upon us which will result in the over-
throw of the Government. It is apprehension of
this which painfully affects the minds of the south-
ern people. They are apprehensive of injury
from no Government upon earth, except their own
which should be their protector. The action here
has filled their minds with alarm. If any one
could satisfy them that they would receive 110 in-
jury from this quarter, he would diffuse general
joy among them.
One great benefit, Mr. Chairman, has resulted
from the late slavery agitation. Heretofore our
people had been accustomed to think of the Union
with fi sort of religious reverence. They were dis-
posed to idolize the work of their own hands. But
all superstitions are degrading and debasing in
their effects. I rejoice that our people have been
liberated from its influences. The agitation here,
and the discussions attendant on it, have pro-
duced a great revolution in the sentiments of our
population. They had been accustomed to rest in
thought on the idea of the Union as the ark of
safety, but they have been aroused from the delu-
sion. Oneof our citizens, (Mr. Stephens,) while
travelling in Central America, experienced there
the shock of a violent earthquake. He declared
that it had produced a great permanent revolution
in his feelings, in one respect. Till then, he said,
he had been accustomed, when upon the surface of
the earth, to feel secure, and that he rested on a
foundation firm and stable. But ever afterwards,
he could only think of the solid globe itself as a
frail, tremulous thing, ready to give way under him
at any moment. The shock of an earthquake has
passed under the minds of our people, and they
no longer rest on the Union as the solid rock of
safety. I rejoice that it is so. I wish to see them
bold, self-relying, and confident of being- able, with
the favor of Providence, to guard their liberties
and preserve their happiness. It will be long be-
fore confidence, that "plant of slow growth," will
flourish again. Rather let them realize the great
truth that "eternal vigilance is the price of liber-
ty." They have met, too, with its merited scorn,
and trampled under their feet the doctrine of sla-
vish subserviency to the Government of their own
creation. Certain professed national organs and
orators have preached devotion to the Union in
any event, and under all circumstances. A baser
sentiment never fell from the lips of a mortal man.
It is substantially thesnme with the doctrine of pas-
sive obedience and non-resistance, which brought
the head of Charles I. to the block. Since then
no Englishman has had the effrontery to avow such
opinions. Its only supporters in this country for-
merly were the Tories of the Revolution. Those
who have preached the doctrine in our day, will
only find their fellows among the palace slaves of
Asiatic despotism. Their proper position is be-
low everything that Providence has created, when
in its natural state. Even the meanest reptiles
struggle upward against the oppressor. The Amer-
ican people justly regard these individuals as de-
graded below the rest of animated nature.
While the Government lasts, it is our duty to
endeavor to keep it in the proper track. The dan-
ger is not from violence. The sword has ever
been a great destroyer. It has consumed feeble
communities and States. But taxation has been
the destroyer of the mighty. By government ex-
action, in its different forms, great nations have
perished. The decay of the Roman empire has
been attributed by the abolition writers of England,
as by their echoes in this country, to slavery. But
the facts and reasonings of Abolitionists are alike
destitute of truth. Slavery existed in Rome from
the days of Romulus. During the prosperous
' ages of the Republic, the full tide of conquest en-
! abled them to make the largest number of captives.
The servile population greatly outnumbered the
free. These were the days of the highest prosper-
ity of the eternal city. During the decaying years
of the empire, the number of slaves was rather
diminished. But government taxation, in its va-
rious forms, exhibited a frightful increase. The
exactions of the governors ruined the remote prov-
inces, or drove them into successful rebellion. Italy
was then drained of its life-blood, to support the
populace which concentrated itself at Rome to
receive the largesses of the government. In this
way died the vast Roman empire. A similar con-
dition of things is nov/ being presented to our own
eyes in Turkey. The exactions of the government
have destroyed its vitality. The population is
concentrating at Constantinople, the point of gov-
ernment expenditure. The most fertile lands of
Asia Minor and Turkey, in Europe, are rapidly
becoming a desert waste; and the magnificent Ot-
toman empire is now little better than a dead car-
cass. In this way perished the old empires which
formerly existed on the banks of the Euphrates.
The extended ruins only indicate to the passing
traveler over the desert how destructive have been
the exactions of those who have held dominion
over the country. Where there is no security,
where no limit exists to the rapacity of the gov-
ernors, there can be no inducement to the subject
to labor or to save.
What is now going on in British India exem-
plifies the process. Forty-five per cent., nearly
1 one half of the gross product, is now exacted
from the agriculturist in many if not all the dis-
tricts. Can that country live permanently under
the system? Ireland is oppressed by sinlilar ex-
actions. A prosperous country like Cuba or the
United States can bear a great deal. With us the
direct taxation has not heretofore been great, but
of the indirect there has been reason to complain.
Permit me to take from an individual as much as
I choose of all his purchases, and I may inflict
upon him heavy oppression. The southern States
of the Union are sending from their limits not less
than Si50,000,000 worth of their domestic pro-
ductions, and they receive, or should receive, an
equal value in return for them. But the Govern-
ment takes from them as much as it pleases.
They may, it is true, escape this burden, by
manufacturing for themselves everything they
consume. But if the anti-slavery party should
get the entire control of the Government, as they
are laboring to do, and have a prospect of accom-
plishing, when they sh^ll have brought in a suffi-
! cient number of free States, they may at their will
