1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
319T Cong 2d Sess.
Finances of the Government—Mr. Jones.
Ho. op Reps.
for storage, cartage, and labor incident to the ware-
houses for the same period. Although these two
last items are not paid into the Treasury as a part
of the revenue, the amounts are burdens imposed
upon the merchandise of the country, which are
received by the revenue officers, and reduce their
compensation to be paid them out of the Treasury
exactly that amount.
These two sums added to the customs revenue
received as above, make the sum of $39,973,306 57,
which, for convenience, I will call in round num-
bers $40,000,000, imposed as a tax in the first in-
stance, under the tariff laws of the Government,
upon the labor of the country—upon those who
flconsume the 64,032,033 worth of the necessaries
and comforts of life, produced in foreign countries
and imported into ours. But if this was the en-
tire tax or burden imposed upon the consumers of
these foreign importations, the cause of complaint,
great as it is, woulchnot be half as great as it really
is. It must be recollected that this sum of
$40,000,000, paid by the importers into the Treas-
ury of the United States, is, after its payment, as
much a part of the cost of the goods upon which
it was paid, as the original sum of |164,000,000
paid for the goods to the foreigners of whom they
were purchased; and which they arc not content
to be simply reimbursed, but require the same
profit upon that part of the costs of their goods
that they do upon the original sum paid. What
are the usual and ordinary profits of importing
merchants, I am not very well advised; but sup-
pose, to cover insurance, rents, and all incidental
expenses, interest on capital and profits, twelve
per cent, would be rather moderate. Twelve per
cent, upon$40,000,000 would be$4,800,000, which,
added to the $40,000,000, would make the sum of
(44,800,000, which the jobbers or wholesale mer-
chants who buy of the importers would have to
pay in consequence of the forty millions paid to
the Government. Twelve per cent, upon that
amount as profits, interest, and to cover expenses,
would be $5,356,000; which sum added to the
'$44,800,000, make the sum of $50,156,000, which
must be reimbursed to the jobbers by the retailers
who buy of them to sell to the people who con-
sume, and who have to foot the whole bill with all
the accruing and accumulating costs and expenses;
for the best of all reasons, they are the only persons
through whose bands they will pass, who have
by their labor produced anything to pay with.
The retailers must have their profits upon the
whole amount thus paid to the jobbers, which may
be safely estimated at an average of fifty percent.,
to cover expense of purchase, carriage or trans-
portation, insurance, rents—all the expenses inci-
dent to the sale of the goods and collection of the
monev, interest, bad debts, and clear profits. Fifty
• per cent, upon the amount to which it has swelled
in the hands of the jobbers is #25,078,0(H), ma-
king together the sum of $75,234,000. The ae-
cuont maybe thus stated: The whole amount paid
by the consumers of foreign goods imported into
the United States in the year 1850, as taxes under
the tariff, including costs of collection, and profits
of the various merchants through whose hands
they necessary pass in getting to the consumer, are
put down at ". $75,334,000 00
Dedilrt cost of collecting revenue from cus-
toms for the year 1650, including $218,444
79; fee* of collector* aud others, and
*8 =1,175 37 received for storage, .cartage,
labor, fcc $2,2/8,951 38
Deduct importers'profit  4,800,000 00
Jobbers' do   5,356,000 00
" Retailers' do  -23,078,000 00
 $37,512,951 37
Tola netrevenue. .. ....$37,721,048
If this statement be correct, of which I have no
doubt, it is shown that for every dollar of net
revenue which is paid into the Treasury the pro-
ductive industry of the country is taxed through
the operations ef the tariff about two dollars. And
this burden falls principally upon the-planting and
agricultural interests of the country, as those are
the great and principal producing And exporting
interests of the United States.
Suppose the tariff was abolished—the labor of
the country relieved from the burden of support-
ing the Government—those burdens transferred to
and imposed upon the property of the country,
each ana every parson paying for At support of
the Government in exact proportion to his means
and ability, without curtailing the necessaries or
comforts of the laborer, the people would be re-
lieved of a large aggregate amount of taxes paid
under the tariff system. Suppose the United
States should levy a tax of $40,1)00,000 upon the
property instead of the labor of the country: five
thousand dollars. Then upon this home valuation
thus ascertained, a tax is levied of thirty per cent.,
amounting to one hundred and sixty-five thousand
dollars, instead of one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, which would be the tax upon the invoice
cost of the cargo. Thus imposing indirectly upon
the tonnage of the country, the shipping interest.
per cent, would pay the cost of collection, which, : this onerous and unjust tax—the same imposed
being $3,000,000 deducted from the $40,000,000 upon the importations of foreign merchandise. Or
levied, would leave $38,000,000 net revenue in j j perhaps the home valuation may be ascertained by
the Treasury, and a clear saving of $35,000,000 t( adding to the invoice cost and expenses of import-
per annum, exclusive of the untold millions paid ation, the tax or duty imposed bv the Govern-
as tribute to the home manufacturers, in the shape ment, to the cargo, worth, according to the in-
of enhanced price of domestic goods, under the | voices, five hundred thousand dollars, would be
operation of the indirect tariff system of tax- added the expenses of importation, fifty thousand
ation. Every man would know precisely what j dollars, and the duty of one hundred and sixty-
the blessings of free Government cost him, and j
would be enabled to determine whether or not the
machine was running at two great an expense.
Senators and Representatives would be held to
a more rigid accountability. They would be
five thousand dollars, making together seven hun-
dred and fifteen thousand dollars, as the true home
valuation: and upon this amount so ascertained,
the taxes are to be collected; or, perhaps, the corps
of appraisers recommended by the Secretary of
called upon to give satisfactory reasons for the I the Treasury, " whose duty it shall be to visit the
collection of taxes and the expenditure of public ] principal ports of entry in the United States from
money. It would make members of Congress ! time to time, with power to correct improper val-
sensible that they had constituents at home, and j; uations, and prescribe rules for the local apprais-
awaken an interest and zeal in their behalf almost j ers," may, by their fiat, fix such valuations to
unknown in this Capitol. Retrenchment and re-
form would be the watchwords of party; economy
the order of the day; the Government " regener-
ated, redeemed, and disenthralled;" the people
saved, and the rational hopes of the friends of
free government realized.
From table No. 1, accompanying the report,
it will be seen that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury estimates the foreign merchandise consumed
and on hand for the year 1850, amounts to
$163,184,510. The population of the United States
he estimates at twenty-two million five hundred
thousand persons; the average consumption of
each person of such foreign merchandise at'
$7 25—the customs duty or tariff upon which is
$1 66, and whifch, by means of the cost of collec-
tion and merchants' profits added, amounts to
the articles of foreign merchandise coming in com-
petion with home manufactures, as will give the
protection desired by the manufacturer, but denied
by Congress and the country. For instance: a>
yard of cloth costsvfive dollars, and is charged
with a duty of thirty per cent.; that is not, in the
estimation of the domestic manufacturer, sufficient
protection; these appraisers value itat $10; the duty
would then be $3 instead of $1 50, which would
generally amount to prohibition, drive competition
from the market, and give the domestic manufactu-
rers a monopoly. In every view in which I have
been able to look at this recommendation, tl.e
injustice is palpable and glaring, and my greatest
surprise is, that either the {"resident or the Secretary
should have permitted himself to make it.
1 am equally opposed to the third and last rec-
about $3 12, upon the oasis I have assumed. So j| ommendation, which is, an increase of duties on a
it appears that for every $7 25 worth of foreign M great variety of articles, should neither of the oth-
tlie United States during the j ers be adopted, for the reason that I do not wish
goods consumed in
year 1850, there was paid by some one or other,
a tax of $3 12. This system of indirect or tariff
taxation, bad as it is at present, and at beat, is now i
better than it has ever before been in this or prob-
ably any other country. And yet the President
ana the Secretary of the Treasury recommend a
to increase the revenue, already too large. I do
not think that trade requires any additional stimulus,
orlegal aid at present; that the United States and
her people at this time, in all the great elements of
human happiness, individual and national pros-
perity, is not only unequalled now, but I think I
    — j  ^    j j . pvl 1 ifj y in ilw«• wilij uu\.vjuu4ibu ) wui a vimiiil *
return to what I consider the exploded theory of i< may safely say, is without a parallel in the annals
protection of home industry, first by a substitu- 0f time. I am opposed to each and every one of
tion of specific for the present ad valorem duties; 1 the proposed changes in the tariff, because I am
secondly, by theadoptionof the home instead of the
foreign valuation; and thirdly, "ifneither of the
foregoing changes shall be thought proper, then it
is deemed highly necessary that the present rates
of duties should be increased on a great variety of
articles which it will be found could bear such in-
satisfied theirtendency and effect, if made, will be-
to give protection for protection's sake, and not an.
improvement of the revenue.
I The Secretary alleges that frauds are perpetra-
; ted under the present ad valorem system of duties,
, , ! and these changes are desired to correct them. I
crease with the most salutary effects upon both i wj]| gram thnt frauds have been and will continue
trade and revenue." The first is wrong in pnnci- ii un(jer this system; and I think it will readily be
pie and unjust in practice, because it is unequa . i conceded that frauds have and will be committed
Under specific duties the tax is imposed and col- un(jer every system of trixntion which has everyet
lected upon articles of similar growth and manufac- i (jeen invented by Government. Even under the
ture, without regard to the quality or value. Form- I SySteni of direct taxes, the simplest and cheapest,
stance, the man who shall wear a coat made of for- i frau(js are sometimes discovered. If it was a valid
eign cloth, which cost $10 per yard, will pay no i objection to the present ad valorem system of du-
more tax than he who shall wear a coat made of cloth ! would be equally so against each and every
worth one dollar per yard. The lady whose means | tem nnd al! modes 0f taxation. I think it
may enable her to wear a silk dress worth $40, mio-ht be safely assumed there have been fewer
will pay the same tax—no greater than the lady frauds under the present than under any former
whose silk dress is only worth $10. And so with tariff ever enacted by Congress. It is certainly
regard to all other articles upon which specific du- ]nwes*t, and yet it produces much the largest
ties are levied. ! revenue
I do not know that I fully understand the prin- i j * d erience have demo„strated the fat-
ciples and operations of the second recommends- ,1 the wPhi declaration that " hi^h taritf,
tion. I have seeti no one, I beheve who professes , J Md the truth of the Demo-
to know exactly how home va^atiou is to be i ^ ^ w M ^
UisTby"adding the costs of transportation and in- t;
:S-.tta tTOSlqs;j *- -
Suppose one of our ships brings into the port of ;; tiomsts.
New York a cargo of dutiable goods worth five i With our present revenues the Government
' hundred thousand dollars, she charges upon that Ii should be successfully, eveh liberally administered,
cargo fifty thousand dollars for freight. In order I and every dollar of the public debt paid off in less
to ascertairr the home valuation upon that cargo, i than ten years. But unless there is a change in
the fiftv thousand dollars freight is added to the | public men and affairs, and a return to • something
original cost of the cargo, making it five hundred ! like economy in the expenditure of public money,
and fifty thousand dollars,instead of five hundred j, we will, ere long, find ourselves like Enjlamf,
