1851.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBR
tw
31st Cong...,.2d Sess. Fees of Marskah, fyc.—Messrs. Badger, Bradbury, and Downs.
Senate.
are rendered, whether by request or not, they
ought to be compensated.
I will state to the Senate the reasons upon which
this proposition is based, and what 1 think is the
only just foundation for the very great power
which is given to the head of a Department in the
provisions as it stands. Although the fees allowed
□y this bill may be reasonable and proper in ordi-
nary cases for the district attorneys, and although
it may be perfectly right and proper,, considering
the number of cases which they have and the pub-
lic position which they hold, they should take fees
a little below those usually allowed to counsel,
we know by experience that there are cases in
Which the United States are concerned to a very
great amount, requiring the greatest labor, and in
which the most eminent counsel are engaged.
Now the idea is preposterous of allowing the dis-
trict attorney in such a suit (and we have had
half a dozen or more of them, in New Orleans, for
instance; we had a suit which involved the square
on which the mint stands, worth half a million of
dollars) $10 or $17 for presenting a cause of that
kind, when the counsel of the other side received-
perhfps $10,000. So in a case which has just
been argued in the Supreme Court embracing
some millions of acres of land in Louisiana, ik.
would be perfectly ludicrous to allow the district
attorney a compensation of $10 or $17 for arguing
a case of that kind, requiring the best ability, and
several weeks' time for its examination. Some
reasonable compensation certainly ought to be
given. There have been a number of cases of that
kind in my State and in other States. I think it
would not be safe to allow the district attorney*
only the regular fees in such cases, and therefore
I am willing to lodge a discretionary power with
tike head of a Department to make reasonable al-
lowances in such cases.
There is a, necessity for something of this kind.
A practice aitnil&r to it has obtained heretofore,
until the Comptroller of the Treasury has recently
put a stop to it. In some States, where there
w.ere no fees established by State authorities—this
was so in my State, and in your State, I believe,
Mr. President—under the opinion of the Attorney
General, the practice was adopted to allow a rea-
sonable fee, certified to by the judges and by the
members of the bar as being reasonable. Such
has been the practice for years, under all Adminis-
trations, in ray State, until the last Administration
came into power. But our present Comptroller,
being wiser than any body else, and the. Attorney
General, taking a different view of the matter from
his predecessors, Mr. Mason and Mr. Wirt, deci
ded that not only were fees improperly,allowed, but
that no fees should be allowed in such cases.
Now, while we art debating this fee bill re-
ducing fees to a proper amount in ordinary cases,
since the committee have suggested this discre-
tionary power, I wish to, extend it so m to leave
it to the head of a Department, whenever such ex-
traordinary cases slioaJd., occur, to tnake reason-
able allowance. I admit that it this a very great
power—a very great discretionary power, to be
vested in the head of a Department. Were it not
for the impression I have of its necessity, I would
not agree to the provision at all; and certainly I
should not agree to it unless it extended to cases
to which my amendment will apply:—" for ser-
vices as counsel rendered at the request of the
head of a Department." Very often the Depart-
ment may not know when the necessity exists
Cases may occur hundreds of miles off, which
may require immediate attention.
I am also opposed to agreeing beforehand what
compensation shall be made. How can the head
of a Department tell before the trial commences
what important services must be rendered during
its progress? He will certainly be much better
able to judge of the compensation which should
be given after the services have been performed
than before. I think, then, in every view of the
subject, my amendment is a great improvement
in the provision proposed to be made by the com-
mittee. Ifit.be not adopted, I shall.consider the
Amendment as it now stands so liable to misinter-
pretation that I will*t>ppose k altogether. I hope
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BADGER. I am sorry that the honor-
able Senator who has charge of the bill should
object to the amendment of the Senator from
Louisiana. If I understand his objection, it is
that too large a discretion is to be intrusted to the
head of a Department to fix the compensation to
be made for services after they have been rendered.
I really do not perceive how it requires more dis-
cretion, or how discretion is more liable to abuse,
in one case than in the other. It is the same head
of the Department that is to fix it, and whether it
is for services to be rendered, or for services which
have been rendered, it seems to me can make no
difference in the danger of intrusting the power,
or its liability to abuse.
But I think there are one or two considerations
that particularly recommend the provision in the
form suggested by the Senator from Louisiana.
As the case will stand under the bill with the ex-
isting provision, it will introduce this state of
things: Whenever a law officer of the Govern-
ment is called on to discharge any duty, if it be
one requiring extraordinary trouble and labor, in-
stead of at once setting himself about to discharge
it, knowing that when it was performed he would
be reasonably compensated, he must first make
his bargain; he must call on the proper officer to
enter into the agreement. If, as the honorable
Senator from Louisiana says, it is a duty which
falls under his general obligations to discharge—
belongs to the duties of his office, he is obliged to
perform it, with or without compensation. But if
it ia a duty which does not belong properly and
emphatically to him virtute officii, then comes a
bargain to be earned on between a law officer of
the Government anda Treasury officer, or the head
of a Department here. It seems to me that it
would be a great deal better to leave the officer,
when called upon, at once cheerfully and prompt-
ly to do whatever the interests of the Govern
merit require, in the confidence that whatever is
reasonable or right will be paid to him as a remu-
neration, btstead of plating him in the attitude of
one who must bargain beforehand for the Compen-
sation which he is to receive.
But, in the next place, I think there is great
force in the suggestion of the Senator from Louis-
iana, that this matter can be much better settled
after tlje service is performed than before. The
nature of the trouble, the extent of the requisition
upon the time of the officer, and other Considera-
tions which enter into the fixing of the compensa-
tion, will be better understood after the service is
rendered than it can be before. I really nm un-
able to see how the liability to abuse is greater in
allowing the head of a Department to make the
estimate of compensation after the service is per-
formed than before. I know very well that in my
own Stats, where the compensation to the officers
of the United States is exceedingly small, very
great hardship has been experienced by the gen-
tleman representing the United States as district
attorney in many cases. I remember one which
was a very important prosecution. It was thought
necessary by him, and it was necessary, to attend
at a distance before a district judee upon an exam-
ination of witnesses. He attended on the part of
the Government, and I attended as the counsel
for the accused. I received five hundred dollars,
and he received nothing. When he called on the
officer at the head of-the Department to make him
reasonable compensation, it was replied that there
was no nower to do it. I trust that the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana will be adopted, in
Order to obviate this difficulty.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that the amend-
ment of my friend, the Senator from Louisiana,
will not be adopted. I think its adoption in this
bill wilt open the door to the very abuse the bill is
designed to correct. The power to allow reasona-
ble compensation and reasonable fees in cases of
the character referred to, may be understood by a
single ease that has been brought to the attention
of the Judiciary Committee, where an allowance
was asked of more than $19,000 of extra fees for
services rendered in a single year. I think some
$14,000 of it were for services in one term, and all
duty certified as reasonable fees.
Mr. BADGER. They might have been very
reasonable.
Mr. BRADBURY. There is another objection
to the amendment. The bill reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee covers this very case. The lan-
guage of the amendment of the Senator is that fees
may b« Allowed fbt wrviow rehdared or t*> be ten-
dered ; so that under cover of the amendment we
would have legislation upon a case that has been
referred to the committee, and upon which they
have agreed—a legislation in a different manner
from what they would think reasonable and just.
If we should have any restraint, any limitation,
with regard to these extra fees, the agreement
should be made in advance. I think it would be
infinitely better to have a salary given the district
attorney, and services rendered for that salary,
and the interests of the Government protected by
the district attorney for the salary. If he saw fit
to decline attending to the service of the Govern-
ment, we could find some one else to do it. And
inasmuch as the bill provides a different mode of
compensation, which I think is sufficiently liberal
and as the abuses to which the amendment will
give rise are likely to be great, I hope it will not
be adopted.
Mr. DOWNS. So far from finding anything
in the argument of my friend from Maine against
this amendment, I think the very fact to which he
has referred shows the propriety, the wisdom, and
the justice of it. He has referred to a ease sub-
mitted to the committee by which he says com-
pensation for services for one year was claimed to
the amount of $19,000. Now I have to say, as
the gentleman might have said if he had gone as
deep into this matter as the information which he
obtained on the committee might have enabled
him to do, that the services rendered involved im-
portant interests, involved labor and learning, and
required great talent. The ablest talent wag em-
ployed on the other side, and vast interests were
involved. The Senator might have told all these
circumstances. The Attorney General, who de-
cided the law point on this very question agains*
die claim referred to, would tell the Senator, as he
told me, that the interests involved were so im-
mense that, although the law did not allow the fees
charged, still Congress ought to interpose and
make the payment. These accounts being certi-
fied, and certified in accordance with the rule*
previously adopted by the Comptroller, in my
opinion there was no discretionary power to cut
down the accounts if they were supposed to be too
large.
We do not propose to allow the district attorney
to charge whatever he pleases; we are not to allow
his. accounts, oertified l>y the judges^ the lawyers,
or the State courts, or any authority, to pass. In
view of this, I propose that we shall pay nothing
for extra special services, unless the head of the
Department, on an examination of the circumstan-
ces, decides it to be just and proper. I can see no
evil, then, arising from this. But the gentleman
says that it is wrong to apply the principle to the
particular case referred to. I cannot for myself
conceive how there can be wrong in doing justice.
Mr. BRADBURY. It is a private claim.
Mr. DOWNS. Be it a private claim or not, it
makes no difference if it is just. It is a case in
which the Attorney General himself says that
Congress ought to interpose. The district attor-
ney to whom I refer has been brought into a pr« 
dicament, not by any fault of his, but because the
Government has turned its back on the rules on
which it has heretofore acted. In such a case,
and when it is proposed by the bill to provide for
exactly similar cases in future, I can see no rea-
son why we should not do justice to the past as
well as to the future, and there is less danger init.
I am astonished that my friend from Maine has
thought his zeal was required in opposition to
the allowance to this individual, for he was re-
moved by a Whig Administration, and if an al-
lowance be made,it hiust be madeby an Adminis-
tration of the same politics that turned him out of
office. Gentlemen tell us that they are willing to
allow this power hereafter. Whatever gentlemen
may please to do hereafter, is it not a monstrous
thing that a new Administration should not have
the power to do justice to the officers which they
themselves turned out ? If the gentleman had
taken the other horn of the dilemna, and objected
to this discretionary power being exercised by th*
head of a Department in'future, I should have
thought him more consistent. For myself, I see
more objection in exercising this power in the fu-
ture than to apply it to a case wheh has passed.
This individual case is probably not the only case.
I have no doubt, from what th* Senator from
