222
appendix to the congressional globs.
[Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Fees of Marshals, &fc.—Mr. Hamlin.
Senate.
rieys are gentlemen engaged in extensive practice.
The office of district attorney does not preclude
thein t'rom engaging in practice, and receiving all
the emoluments attending upon that practice, and,
as is suggested around me, they charge tor assist-
ance in their office besides. It seems to me, then,
that we ought to allow these district attorneys to
rest on the provisions of the existing law. Let
them bring their accounts to the proper Depart-
ments for adjustment, and if they have any claims
which the Department is not willing to adjust, let
them bring them liere to Congress, which creates
the office and prescribes its compensation, and let
this body and the other House of Congress decide
as to whether there is any reasonable grouud for
granting additional compensation or not. When
we have decided that there is such reasonable
ground, it will be time enough to refer to the De-
partment. 1 hope the amendment will not be
adopted. I believe it will be fatal to the bill.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator who last addressed
us makes an objection to the amendment on the
ground that it is not germane to the bill.
Mr. CHA'SE. That was but one objection.
Mr. PRATT. I propose to show that this one,
which I understood to be the only objection, is
unfounded. What is the object of this provision?
It is to give to the head of the proper Department
the authority, in all cases of sufficient magnitude
to require it, to agree with the district attorney to
give him additional compensation. That is the
object of the clause of the bill which it is proposed
to amend. What is the amendment? It is that
in those cases where there is no law that autho-
rizes it, the Department may allow extra com-
pensation. Now, what does the Senator mean
by deciding that a provision in reference to a 1
clause in the bill is not germane to it? If it is
not germane to it, I should like to know what
could be. I do not see any reasonable objection
which can be urged to the amendment as it now
stands. The class of cases for which it is in-
tended to provide must necessarily be very few.
It is confined, in the first place, to that class of
cases where a claim has been made to the Depart-
ment, and where that claim stands unadjusted,
and where it stands unadjusted because there is no ;
existing law authorizing its adjustment. So that
there are three limitations upon the class of claims
to which the amendment will apply, which must ,
bring it down to very narrow limits. It must be i
a claim which the existing law does not authorize !
the Department to adjust; it most be a claim made
to the Department; and it mnst be a claim which
has remained unadjusted. Therefore, the class of
cases which are to be provided for by the amend-
ment comes within the narrowest limits.
The argument of the learned Senator from Geor-
gia to the original amendment was unanswerable.
But as the amendment is now restricted, I do not
see why he should object to it. I understand—
and I call the attention of the Senator from Geor-
gia to what I am about to state—that prior to the
last Administration tlie decisions of the Attorneys
General had been that the class of claims intended
to be provided for by this amendment ought to be
adjusted. Therefore, according to that opinion,
this amendment would not be necessary. But I
understand that the last Attorney General decided
that there is no law which meets this class of
cases. This decision differed from that of his
predecessors. Therefore the various district attor-
neys who entered upon the discharge of their du-
ties under prior Administrations had a right to
believe that the same construction would be placed
upon this matter as had been by preceding Attor-
neys General. The only effect of the amendment
is to enact the construction which had been inva-
riably placed upon the law. The effect of the i
amendment is to create a law by which the claims j
of this class of individuals will be examined into !
and decided upon, as similar claims by individu-
als in the same position would have been previous-
ly examined into and decided upon. I cannot
think this very unreasonable, nor do I believe
that it is not germane to the subject-matter of the
bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section;
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That wherever it shall bp or [
to™ been neeensary tor the marshal of  ay State to 11
call out any independent military company or companies
I ti> aid mm in the execution o:'atn proees-, civil or criminal,
. the lU'Mnli.'rs oi su -:i mihtan compa.iy orco npame; shall
he pu<ri by tne Uoviirnnvnt at tne rati1 ot' .v.i per day, ill
addition to th; ir n-.i 'Hi.ilile expenses, an account of which
shall be kept and rendered by the marshal.''
Air. WALKER. I do not know that that will
apply but to one case, and that case occurred in
the State of Wisconsin. I will very briefly state
the circumstances. A writ of replevin was sued
out by a gentleman in Ohio for the purpose of
taking a large quantity of wheat which had been
received in store by the late marshal of Wisconsin.
He had given his receipt to the farmers of the
country, and had then sold the wheat to a man
living in Ohio, by the name of Bolt I believe. He
brought an action of replevin for the wheat. Be-
fore the writ was served a large crowd surrounded
the warehouse, and when the marshal received the
writ be found it impossible to execute it. He con-
sequently called on the district judge, who advised
him to call out the military company in the city
I of Milwaukee. The company was called out and
j taken to Racine with arms in their hands. They
succeeded in executing the writ of replevin and
got the wheat or. board of a vessel. They were
detained in executing the writ about three days,
and received nothing for it. Most of the members
of the company were merchants, traders, or me-
chanics, and were taken at a moment's notice from
their business, went from Milwaukee to Racine
at their own expense, and they have yet received
no compensation, nor is there any law to authorize
it. Whether the Senate will favor the retrospec-
tive operation of the amendment or not, it would
seem that it would be well to pass a law to guard
I against such cases in the future; for cases may
• arise where it may be necessary to call out the
military in execution of a United States process.
. It would seem to be the duty of the United States
to enforce the execution of its writs, and if it can-
not be done without calling on the military of the
country, and they are called uppn, it would seem
j that the military ought to be paid, particularly in-
I dependent companies.
1 Mr. BERRIEN. This is a bill to regulate pros-
pectively the fees of different officers engaged in
the administration of justice. The case stated by
the Senator from Wisconsin might properly be
made a subject of legislation, but it does not prop-
erly belong to this bill.
Mr. WALKER, I do not contend strenuously
for it, but this claim was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary at the last session of Con-
gress, and that committee bestowed no other at-
tention upon it than to report the papers back and
ask to be discharged from their further considera-
tion. I believe they did not take it under advise-
ment at all. If the retrospective part of the amend-
ment be not proper to this bill, do not adopt it; but
adopt the prospective part, and let us provide
against such an emergency in the future.
Mr. BERRIEN. That is a question properly
referable to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. TURNEY. I think the amendment pro-
vides too much compensation. It provides that
these persons shall be paid three dollars a day and
their expenses. Now, I think that " two dollars
a day and roast beef" is ample compensation.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. I wish to say that, in order
to accommodate the Senate, I had some idea of
leaving the amount blank, but I will ajree to make
it two dollars a day, as suggested by the Senator
from Tennessee. I would say, however, that it
is my impression that if this compensation were
claimed by some States—by the State of Tennes-
see, for instance—or some other States in that
direction, it would be voted with the utmost cheer-
fulness.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote against this
amendment, and it will be on this ground: I do
not understand that a marshal of the United States
can call out military forces. I apprehend that he
can simply summon a posse. This marshal might
have found a military company in Milwaukee will-
ing to act in then-organization as a posse, but I am
not aware that it is customary or proper to call out
the military when a writ is to be executed.
Mr. WALKER. Here was a writ which it
was evidently the duty of the marshal to serve.
Suppose he had not executed the writ, what ex-
cuse could he have rendered ? Would he not have
been held responsible for its execution ? But when
he uses the means necessary tu enable him to ex-
ecute it, it seems you refuse to make a rule by
which the forces culled to his assistance shall be
paid.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted after the provision for the fees
of clerks:
" AnX provided, further, That in all cases where said
offices of circuit and district e'erks shall held by one
person, and the fees and emoluments thereof shall not
amount to five hundred dollars per annum, there >hail be
paid out of tho Treasury such Miin ih will make hi-s com-
pensation five hundred dollars; and said pnmsion shall
apply to each ot *uul offices, ie>peetively, when held by
different persons; and the clork? of the circuit couits be
and they hereby are made cx ojficio roinmisMoiier'; to take
acknowledgments of bail and atndavits, and also to take
depositions in civil cases."
Pending this amendment, the Senate adjourned.
Saturday, February 15, 1851.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
biH.
The question pending was on the above amend-
I ment offered by Mr. Hamlin.
i Mr. HAMLIN. I am sensible, from the inves-
; tigation which I have made, and from what I have
[ learned from the committee who reported this bill,
that there are very great and serious evils exist-
ing under the laws, which demand a remedy, and
to that end I am desirous of contributing my aid.
In effecting a remedy of the evils which exist,
and preventing that large amount of fees which
accumulate in the courts in large cities and large
districts, I can well appreciate that we shall do the
country a good service; but in doing that, I think
1 we should be careful not to annihilate another
class situated in the small districts. The object
of my amendment is to prevent'the evil which
this bill will produce upon these individuals.
While it seeks to remedy what is an evil, I trust
I it will not perpetrate what is a much greater evil
i, upon a great class of public officers.
The section of the bill to which I propose to at-
tach this amendment already provides that in case
the fees of the circuit and district clerks do not
amount to the sum of five hundred dollars, they
; shall be permitted *o tax an addition of fifty per
i centum upon writs established by this bill; anil if
their fees do not amount to the sum of six hundred
dollars, they may tax an addition of twenty-live
per centum. Now, I apprehend that the section,
when fairly taken and fairly construed, contem-
plates that either of these clerks is fairly enti-
tled to receive a sum equal to that named in the
amendment which I have offered. It is. in order
to supply that deficiency, and to bring that sum
up to five hundred dollars, if the fees and emolu-
ments do not come up to that sum, that I have of-
fered the amendment.
I am well aware that it is argued that this is a
. new principle; that it is making salaried officers
of the clerks of courts to a certain limited extent.
But Senators will not forget that by the very pro-
visions of this bill there will be paid into the Treas-
ury by the clerks of the large districts the funds
which have accrued from fees, and which may be
appropriately drawn out to pay other clerks,
where the fees are too small to render ail adequate
compensation for the services performed. It would
seem that the party litigant should not be taxed
for the support of the General Government; it
would seem that the fees which may accumulate
in a large district should not be paid into the
Treasury of the United States, there to remain,
or to be appropriated to other expenditures of the
Government. Is there not propriety that, inas-
much as by this very tarifl of fees you get a sur-
i plus in one section, it should be given to another
! section where the emoluments are insufficient to
compensate for the services rendered ? Is five
hundred dollars too great a sum for the compen-
sation of any clerk competent to discharge the du-
ties of that office: I think not. I hope the hon-
orable Senator who has this bill in his charge will
concur in its justice and propriety, and give it his
assent.
The amendment also proposes that the clerk
shall administer oaths out of term time, which
he may now do in term time; that he may take
acknowledgments of bail, and affidavits and depo-
