1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GUOBE.
31st Cong 2d Sess. Fees of Marshal*, SfC.—Messrs. Berrien, Hamlin, Chant, &fc. Senate.
ahions, to be used in civil cases. la many dis-
tricts where there are tew commissioners it will
be found useful and very convenient that the clerk
of the court may be authorized to administer oaths
out of term time in civil cases. I think the Sen-
ator from Georgia can make no objection to that
amendment to his bill, and I hope it will receive
the favorable consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. There can be no objection,
if this be the proper bill in which to insert the
second amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine. The clerks of the circuit and district
courts might be very well invested with the func-
tions of commissioners ex officio, to take depoei-
sitions out of term time. But it is not a subject
exactly germane to & bill to provide for fees of of-
ficers in the courts of the United States. But I
will submit to the Senate that question,. only ask-
ing that the question may be divided, as the
amendment consists of two distinct propositions.
"With regard to the first, it is a proposition to take
from the Treasury a sum sufficient to raise the
salary of the officer to $500, eves when the office
is held by two different individuals, so that each
fchall have a sum equal to $500. Now, I think
there is a very great misapprehension as to the ef-
fect of this bill in reducing the amount of compen-
sation which clerks will receive. The compensa-
tion which they are now entitled to receive is that
which is allowed in the courts of the State, with
an addition of one third; and in States where lit-
tle service is required to be performed by clerks,
the judges of the cireuit courts are directed to
make a proper compensation. The result is, there
is a very great inequality throughout the United
States. The object of the bill is to remove this
inequality. 11 gives the clerks, where there is any
business in the courts, as I think, a very adequate
compensation, and it provides that, in addition to
the fees heretofore allowed by law, they shall be
furnished with an office free of rent. One of the
complaints I have heard was, that the amount of
salary was so small that, when the office rent was
taken out there was but an inadequate compensa-
tion remaining. That difficulty is removed.
But the Senator from Maine says that the main
object of the bill is to make the amount of salary
for each person to amount to $500. Yes, that is the
object of the bill, if the business of the court will
furnish fees to amount to that sum; but it is not
the abject of the bill to establish a practice to draw
from the Treasury of the United S(ates the sum
accessary to make up that deficiency.
As to the suggestion that in some States an
pmouat is received by some officers greater than
that to which they are entitled, and that the sur-
plus .may be taken to supply deficiency, and that
the United States is not to be supposed to put into
its Treasury fees taken from litigants, I will only
say that 1 am surprised at the suggestion. The
United Stales furnishes the tribunals before which
the litigants can litigate their conflicting claims;
they appoint the officers, and they pay these offi-
cers, the attorneys and marshals, &c.; and they
establish certain rates of office to be paid by the
party against whom judgment shall be ultimately
tendered, for the purpose of enabling litigants to
contest their claims. Why may not the money
derived from such sources be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States as well as any other?
But I desire to say, that if there are States in this
Union in which the fees and emoluments will not
amount to $500, free of any charge far office rent,
it is a matter of surprise to me that in a country
like this there should be such an anxiety to obtain
these offices, and to obtain them separately. I
presume that there is scarcely any State in which
the offices united would not afford a salary of $500;
find if they do not, it is because the officer has
nothing to do. Do you mean to invite a man to
put himself in a condition in which he can have
nothing to do for the public, and still be paid $500
out of the Treasury of the United- States? And
I beg leave to add, according to the suggestion of
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Baldwin,]
that in those States where the compensation of
these officers, when the, offices are held by differ-
ent persons, is not adequate, and where the busi-
ness of the public requires that they should be
united, the difficulty is obviated.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have but a word to say; and
I will answer, first, the laft suggestion na.a&e by
] the Senator from Georgia, which he intimated
1 came from the Senator from Connecticut: first, in
i some States which are divided into separate dis-
tricts, the circuit and district courts are held in dif-
ferent places remote from eaeh other; second, in
! relation to the time of these clerks. Where the
j business is small, I believe that the law as it now
stands, according to a decision of Judge Story,
provides that the clerk is to have on office, and he
is bound to be in that office all the time; for he
does not know when he may be required to render
his services. Consequently there is an office for
the use of the officer, and he bound to remain there
to attend to the public service when required to do
so. That I understand to be the state of the case.
He is required by law to keep his office open for
business, and as the Bum proposed in the amend-
ment is the same as that foreshadowed by the bill
—for the bill seems to imply that he shall receive
f(X)—1 think the amendment should lie adopted.
know of no good reason why we should pay a
salary to a marshal .any more than to a clerk of a
court, and yet we find that there is a limited
amount which the marshals receive. I did not say
that it was a matter of surprise that there were
fees paid by any of our clerks into the Treasury
of the United States. I did say, however, I think,
though I do not recollect precisely the words 1
used, that there was as great propriety in taking
the surplus thus paid into the 1 reaaury, and a
greater propriety even, in order to equalize the
payment of another class of officers, as in divert-
ing it to any other purpose. I take it we are bound
to keep up the judicial system. It is one which
we are bound to maintain for the good of the whole
country. And if you fix a maximum of fees, be-
yond which the receipts are to go into the Treas-
ury, there is to my mind a good reason why that
sum shoald be paid to aid in equalising the salaries
of the various officers under it.
Besides, the Senator from Georgia says this is a
bill to equalize the system. I do not so understand
it. It is an equality which operates in but a single
way. In these large offices there is a maximum,
and this bill only diminishes the fees of the smaller
offices and leaves the larger oaes precisely as they
are.
Mr. BERRIEN. The bill equalizes in this
way. It renders the fees which are receivable by
these officers uniform throughout the United States, j
With respect to the fees of offices which do not ]
afford adequate compensation, I understand that
in those States where the amount is too small for
that purpose the separate clerkships are held by
young lawyers who :keep an office of their own;
and by this bill they will be furnished with an
office free of rent.
Mr. CHASE. I would like to hear the amend-
ment read, or that portion of it which is now to be
acted upon. j
It was read accordingly:
" Jtni provided, further, That in all cases when (aid
offices of circuit or district clorks shall be hekt by one per- ,
son, and the fees and emoluments thereof shall not amount
to five hundred dollars per annum, there shall be paid out
tff the Treasury such sum fts will make his compensation
five hundred dollar*; and said provision sbaH apply to each
of said offices respectively, wlien held by different persons."
Mr. CHASE. I hope this amendment may
prevail. It is obvious tltat as the clerks are situa-
ted they should receive such a compensation as
would be given by the amendment of my friend
from Maine. I think that if we pay the marshals
a salary, there is no good reason why we should
not pay one to the clerks; and if we put all that is
received beyond a certain sum into the Treasury !
of the United States, tliere is no good reason why j
we. should not on the same principle compensate
those whose fees fall below a certain sum. It
seems to me but reasonable that where the fees do
not amount to so small a sum ns five hundred dol-
lars, the salary should be increased to that amount;
indeed the bill seems to provide for it. But in the
cases for which the bill does not provide, I think
it but feir that it should be paid out of the gen-
eral Treasury. The State which I in part repre-
sent does not require that this amendment should
be adopted for the benefit of my constituents; but
I know that there are those who are in a situation
to be benefited by it. I think the bill Bhould be
90 framed that while it will economize, it will not
ecoiwunixe by diminishing the proper salaries of
the clerks.
Mr. BADGER. I want to say one word, with-
out expecting that what I say will have any influ-
ence upon the Senate. I feel it to be my duty to
the State which 1 have the honor to represent in
part, to make known the effect and operation of
this bill upon the courts of the United States, and
the officers of the courts of the United States, as
far as my own State is concerned. I undertake
to speak for no other State. In the first place, my
objection to this bill is that very equalization of
which the Senator speaks. He says that the bill
equalizes compensation in this way: that it gives
for a service performed in one State precisely the
same compensation as for that service in another
State. Tilttt would be very well if the value of
the service rendered in one State were the same on
in every other State. But it is not so. Profes-
sional services, and services to be rendered by
elerks and other persons, depend upon the valu«
of the service in the respecti vecounties where they
ore to be rendered. In 1789 this was the princi-
ple, undoubtedly, which was adopted by the
framers of the judiciary bill. They did not under-
take to make a level compensation for the different
officers in the courts of the United States, but look-
ing at this Government as a Government of States
united together, with separate State governments,
separate rates of compensation, and by a necessa-
ry consequence, separate and distinct values for
different services, because these compensations
were made with respect to the value of the service
in the State, it prescribes what appears to me to be
the true principle, that the services rendered by
the officers of the United States should be meas-
ured by the prices in the- States where like ser-
vices are to be rendered. That was the principle
adopted in 1789; that has been the principle ever
since, and I am at a loss to ascertain what discov-
ery has been made which shows that principle to
be erroneous. This bill seems to be based on this
principle: that, provided it shall be adapted to
those States where there is a large amount of busi-
ness, it is sufficient, and it is a matter of no con-
cern how it will operate upon the judicial affairs of
States where there is but a small amount of busi-
ness to be transacted.
Take my own State. The Senator from Georgia
says that he understands that the small clerkships
are held by young practising lawyers. With re-
gard to my State, the office of clerkship of the cir-
euit court of the United States is not and never
has been held lay a member of the legal profession.
How that is with regard to other States I cannot
say. This bill proposes to reduce the fees paid to
the clerks of the circuit courts of the United States,
except a few which are left at the same rate as at
j present. But 4he whole of the compensation now
scarcely amounts to $500, and if this bill goes into
operation without the amendments proposed by
the Senator from Maine, I think 1 shall be within
bounds in saying that the compensation! paid to
that officer will scarcely amount to $250. He is
no lawyer, but he keeps an office simply for transr
acting the duties of his clerkship. It is his own
, office, built for that particular purpose. If the bill
passes without amendment, the result must be that
there will be no clerk of the circuit court of thi
United States there. It is obvious that no man
will give his time for $200 or $250 a year, situated
as I know that office to be. But what is to be
done? Is it of any importance to the United
States to maintain its judicial system in every part
of the United States ? Is it or is it not worth pay-
ing for out of the Treasury of the United States?
Government must have tne system, must have
officers of some competency, and these officers
must be at a proper office to discharge their duties,
They cannot nave leave of absence for nine months
in the year because there are few applications for
their services; they must be there whenever there
are applications.
. Now, to show the amount of compensation paid
! to these officers according to this bill, it is proposed
| to give for records and eopies of legal proceed-
ings, to the clerk who makes them out, an allow-
ance of ten cents per folio or sheet of one hundred
words. In all equity proceeding in North Oaro-
; lina the fee is thirty-three cents for a folio of ninety
words. We see, then, at once what will be the
j effect of reducing the fee to ten cents. I am Bot
J saying whether the allowance is too large or too
small, but I wish te show what will be the t&eel
