224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
[Feb. 15,
:J1st Cong 2i> Snss. Fees of Marshals, tyc.—Messrs. Berrien, Badger, fy-c.
Srnatk.
of reduction upon the salary of that officer. 1
look upon it as a happy thing for ray Stale that
there i's but little business there in the courts of
the United States; but still the court must be
held and the court must have ofiicers and compe-
tent judges, and it is necessary that they should
tie paid an adequate salary in order that this ne-
cessary judicial establishment may be maintained.
J have no objection, if grievances or frauds have
crept in. that" this bill should pass, for the purpose
of removing: them; but all I ask is that it should
not pass with a desolating and sweeping effect to
break down a very considerable number of courts
in many States of the Union. Certainly it will
break them down m my own, and I hope the
amendment may be adopted. It is a small matter.
A man of decent, respectable qualifications cer-
tainly should receive $500 a year for his services
in such a situation. If he receives that amount
from the business nf his office, the amendment is
not needed; but if he does not receive that amount
the amendment will operate to bring up his salary
to that sum. This is less objectionable or unrea-
sonable, when we consider that by the general
law the compensation of the various officers in
the States where there is a large amount of busi-
ness done, is limited to a certain amount, and all
the residue is required to be paid into the Treasury
of the United States. Why not take a small por-
tion of that residue and distribute it among; those
offices where it is impossible that the business will
render a compensation for the duties? Because it
is not possible to have this business done except
by a man of respectable qualifications; and how
do you expect to set su-ch a man as will be quali-
fied to discharge the duties of a clerk of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for less than $500
a year?
Mr. BERRIEN. I wish to say to the Senator
from .North Carolina that if the amendment of the
Senator from "Maine prevails it will not benefit the
clerk of the circuit court of the United States in
North Carolina. The Senator is misinformed that
under the existing provisions of law the clerk re-
ceives so small an amount as he has stated. The
returns show that the clerk of that court received
$478 40 in 1846; $431 92 in 1847; and #491 32 in
1848. It is a mistake to suppose that because
there is a difference in the allowance to the clerk
for certifying copies that therefore his allowance
will be reduced. He is to receive by this bill one
dollar for issuing every process e*cept a yenire,
summons, or subpoena for a witness; he is to re-
ceive ten cents for filing every declaration; he is to
receive at the rate of ten cents per folio for enter-
ing every rule, order, or continuance; he is to
receive ten cents for administering every oath or
affirmation to a witness, and twenty-five cents for
administering every oath to a grand or traverse
jury; then he is to receive what the Senator has
particularly adverted to, ten cents per folio for
entering any return, rule, order, judgment, or
recognizance, drawing any bond, or making any
certificate, return, or report, or a copy of any such
entry, or record, or of any paper on file. And he
is to receive three dollars for making dockets and
indexes, and for all other service on the trial or
argument of a cause where issue is joined. Then
he is to receive two dollars for the same service
where an issue is joined and no testimony given;
and where a discontinuance is taken or the case is
disposed of without trial he is to receive one dollar
and fifty cents. Now, if we look at the amount
of fees he is entitled to receive at present, it will
be seen that the fees of a clerkship are not dimin-
ished; but, in addition to these, there are equity
and admiralty causes for which he is entitled to
receive fees; and he is also entitled to receive for
yenire for grand jury one dollar; for entering satis-
faction or judgment, taking recognizances of wit-
nesses, or bail, or acknowledgment of a deed he is
entitled to fifty cents; for fixing the seal of the
court, fifty cents; for issuing a subpoena, twenty-
five cents, and for traveling expenses and per diem
five cents per mile for going from his residence to
the place of holding the court and returning from
it, and five dollars per day for his attendance upon
the court. In addition to this, he is to have his
office rent paid. In the case just alluded to by the
Senator from North Carolina, the clerk v/ill have,
in addition to the fees and emoluments of his
office, what will be a sufficient compensation for
the use of his own building. I hope this amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Georgia
says that, putting these several allowances together,
it is obvious that the compensation will not be
diminished. As I said to the Senator, you cannot
ascertain that without looking at the items allowed
now. As to his being allowed tnree dollars upon
every case where there is a jury trial, hiscompen-
sation is three dollars now in every case, whether
there is a jury trial or not, by the law of North
Carolina, under the act of 1789. It is now so
in every instance; and I undertake to say that if
the table of fees is compared it will be found that
this bill will make a reduction in thecompensation
of that officer of fifty per cent. I do not speak by
conjecture; I have practiced in the courts, and
have examined the tables as prepared and pub-
lished by the authority of the State of North Caro-
lina. I therefore speak advisedly. But if we are
to take it just as it is, without any modification;
if this leveling system is to be applied, by which
all are to be leveled down, not only those which
are too high but those which are too low, of course
there is no assistance nor relief to be had.
The question was then taken on the first part of
the amendment, and there were upon a division
ayes 21, noes 13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
] Mr. HAMLIN. I understand there is no ob-
jection to the second branch of the amendment:
" And the clerks of the circuit courts be and they are
hereby made ex officio commissioners, to take acknowl-
edgments of bail and affidavits, and also to take depositions
in civil cases."
The amendment was agreed to.
it Mr. HAMLIN. I propose another amendment
Ij to the second section of the bill, to come in after
j the word " thereof,"at the end of the eleventh line,
by adding the following:
" To be allawed and certified by the associate judges,
and signed by the secretary of the court and the judges of
the district, or one of them, and the same when so allowed
and certitied, shall be passed to the credit of the marshal
of the district by the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury. "
It will be seen that the preceding part of the sec-
tion relates to the trial of certain causes, and the
manner in which the expenditures are made by the
marshal. It seems to me that the court should be
the proper persons to certify to the charges which
the marshal may make for expenditures which ac-
crue. It is to obviate this objection that I have
offered the amendment. If the bill pass precisely
as it is now, and the marshal shall make the proper
charges, he is bound to send them hereto undergo
the supervision of the Department, and they are
to be approved of here. It seems to me, that in
relation to all these charges, the court is the proper
certifying officer, and that when the court has so
certified, they should be allowed at the Depart-
ments, and not have to come here for an allowance
in the first instance.
Mr. BERRIEN. I shall submit the question
entirely to the Senate, with a single remark; and
that is, the judges of the courts, according to my
experience, are frequently too much pressed by
the business of the courts to enter into an examina-
tion of the details of the marshals, as varied as they
frequently are. The safe course is that which has
been taken hitherto, I think—to leave this to the
accounting officers, upon the evidence to be af-
forded by the marshal as to the services rendered
and the expenditure. Having made that statement
to the Senate, I shall take 110 further part in the
debate upon the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. 1 think the Senator from Geor-
gia is under a mistake there. I think that under
the existing law these little expenses are paid un-
der the allowance by the judges.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. In order to make the bill in
accordance with that amendment, it will be neces-
sary to amend the same section by striking out in
the sixteenth line the words "Secretary of the In-
terior, and getting his instructions in the prem-
ises," and insert " judges, or one of them, and
getting his approval thereon."
The last part of the section now provides that
the marshal shall not incur an expense in any one
year of more than twenty dollars for furniture, or
fifty dollars for rent of buildings and making im-
provements thereon, without first submitting a
statement and estimates to the Secretary of the
Interior, and getting his instructions in the prem-
ises. It seems to me the same principle will apply
to the proviso in that bill. I can very well ima-
gine that it will be extremely inconvenient to send
estimates from a remote State here, to get the in-
structions of the Secretary of the Interior to make
a little improvement in a court-room, or procure
some item of necessary furniture. It seems to
me that the judge of the court is a safer man than
the Secretary of the Imerior for that purpose.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am entirely content if the
Senator believes that it is the proper business of
judicial officers to examine and make these pay-
ments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I offer an amendment, to
come in at the end of the first amendment offered
by the Senator from Maine. It is in the form of
a proviso:
"Provided, however, That the same person shall not hold
the office of clerk to two or more court- of the Fniled
States at the same time, whenever the lees or emoluments
of any one court danng the next calendar year shall exceed
the amount ofsvi.ujO. Jind provide'!, fu-ii/'ier, Tluu ill sue it
cases said clerk shall elect which office to retain ; and th"
court who«e olfice shall thus become vacant shall have
power to appoint a clerk, any law to the contrary notwith-
standing."
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin to explain his amendment.
Mr. WALKER. The proviso which is offered
accomplishes this simple object? to separate the
office of the clerk of the circuit and district courts,
or that of some other court where the gross com-
pensation shall exceed $6,000. 1 am informed
that in some instances the two offices or more are
1 held by the same individual, and that the compen-
sation goes far beyond §6,000. This amendment
Croposes to separate the offices, so that they shall
e held by different individuals where the amount
exceeds that sum. I believe there is one individ-
' ual in this district who holds three clerkships, and
that the gross compensation for the three has gone
for some years over $18,000.
Mr. HALE. What three clerkships does he
; hold ?
Mr. WALKER. The circuit, district, and
criminal courts, I believe.
Mr. BERRIEN. There is not a criminal court
distinct from a circuit court.
Mr. WALKER. I do not know what the
courts are. 1 have been further informed that it
is desired by the lawyers and judges of the courts
here that the clerkships shall be separated for the
convenience of the courts and the administration
of justice; and as it would seem that the compen-
sation would be sufficient to satisfy the cupidity
of any one man, they should be separated.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am myself, in gen-
eral, opposed to this multiplication of offices and
officers. If one man can discharge the duties of
two or three offices you had much better allow
him to do it, but if he receives an unreasonable
compensation, bring down the compensation
which you allow him, but employ his full time in
the public service. This thing of multiplying
men and multiplying offices has a tendency to en-
large the desire to obtain an increased compensa-
tion, and to put greater numbers upon the Treas-
ury for support than otherwise would have been
done. I will go with my friend from Wisconsin
or any other individual who may endeavor to re-
duce the compensation to a reasonable amount;
but let the individual be fully employed instead
of multiplying offices and multiplying men, and
thereby giving each the compensation which was
before allowed.
Mr. President, I rise to call the attention of the
Senate to the past legislation of the country upon
this subject, with a view of endeavoring to see, if
possible, precisely where we are. I think the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Dickivson] said
he wanted to further the progress of this bill in
order to prevent excessive compensation being
allowed to certain clerks, marshals, and attorneys.
Now, so far back as 1842, I took some little hand
in the other branch of the Legislature in attempt-
ing to prescribe a remedy; and from 1842 down
to the present day that remedy has been in exist-
ence. Before we pass this bill, I should be glad
to read to the members.of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, who have analyzed and framed this bill, what
