!8ol.)
31st Cong £d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE COftl$B£SStfON*L &UOW.
Si26
Fees of Marshals, tyc.—Mr. Walker, fyc. Price $ 1 50 for this Session.
the actual state of things is under the act of 1843, !
to which I intern! to call the attention of the Sen- i
ate.
8*r, in 184$ we were informed that some mar-
shal* reeeired the enormous compensation of fifty
thousand dollars; that some attorneys in the south-
em district of New York were allowed fifty or
seventy-five thousand dollars, and some clerks re-
ceived m proportion, probably^ thirty or fortv thou-
sand dollars. I speak without exact recollection
:is to the precise sums, but I cannot be mistaken
as to the eeueml declarations with regard to the
enormous allowances and fees which these officers
received. In view of that state of things, I well
recollect that the late Postmaster General, Mr.
Johnson* of Tennessee, and myself consulted to-
gether for the purpose of adopting: amendments to
remedy the existing evils. The only chance which
we then had to accomplish anything like a reform
was to prepare amendments aud offer them in con-
nection with the annual appropriation bills, and
our amendments were prepared and offered to an
appropriation bill: and 1 will read one of them,
which seems to embrace what we have been dis-
cussing and arguing: this morning; and after 1 have
read it, I think it will be found applicable to the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin. I
should like to know how it is that this legislation
does not remedy theevil which we thought existed
as far back as 1842, and if this legislation does not
check these enormous allowances in the shape of
tees and additional allowances, what can we do to
produce a system of things that can he enforced to
protect citizens against these abuses? It seems to
me that if what we have already done is nugatory
and is not enforced, it is useless for Congress to
pass laws that become dead letters ami have no
efficiency, because not executed.
Here is the law in the annual appropriation bill
of 184-2:
" Provided, tares«r, That every district attorney, clerk
of a district cuart, clerk of' a circuit court, and marshal of 1
the United Slate*, stall, until othrrwiese directed by law,
upon the first day? of January- and J nly in each year, com- i
mencing with the first of July  eu, 'or within thirty day*
from and after the days frpecitfed, make to the Secretary of
the Treasury, in such form as he shall prescribe, a return,
ia writing, embracing all the tees and emoluments of their
respective offices, of every name and character, distin-
guishing the fee* ami emolument* received or pa> able under
the bankrupt act from those received or payable for any
other serf ice; and in the case of a marshal, further dis-
tmguitfbinf the lees ami emoluments received or payable
for service* by hiniieif personally rendered from tho^e re-
ceived or payable for services rendered by a deputy ; and
ah*) dfetiafprishntg tiie fees and emoluments so received
or pa>-aMe for ^errices rendered by rach deputy, by name,
and the proportion of' such fte* and emoluments which,
by the term* of his service, each deputy is to receive;
and aJ.40 embracing all the necessary office expenses of
•ucb officer, together with the vouchers for the payment
of the *aine lor the half year ending on the first day ot said
January or July, as the case may be, which return shall
be, in aN caje-, vended by the oath of the officer mak-
ing the eainc; and no district attorney shall be allowed by
the «ud Secretary of the Treasury to retain of the fees and
emoluments of hid said office, for bis own personal eompen-
Mtkm, over and above his necessary office expense*, the
necessary clerk hire included, to be audited and allowed by
the pfropr accounting oftiecr-? of the Treasury, a sum ex-
ceeding m thousand dollars per year, and at and after that
rate for such time as he  haJl hold the office."
Now, sir, with this legislation before us, 1 should
like to be informed how it happens that these gen-
tlemen get above $6,000, and how it is that they
can receive $10,000 or $20,0001 How is it? Noth-
ing can be plainer than this law, and it was ex-
pressly designed by the Congress of 1842 to limit
them to $6,000. Well, sir, next with regard to
the clerks, and this is a case which applies to the
amendinent'of the Senator from Wisconsin.'
u And no clerk of a district court, or clerk of a circuit
eourt, shall be allowed by the «aid Secretary to retain of the
feet and emoluments of his said office, or in case both of
the said clerkships thai J be held by the same person, of the
#aid offices, for his own personal compensation, over and
above the necessary expenses of his office, and nece^ary
clerk hire included, also to be audited and allowed by the
proper account!ng officers of the Treasury, a sum exceeding
£3,500 per year for any such district clerk, or a sum ex-
ceeding $2,500 per year for any such circuit clerk, or at aad
after that*rate for «uch time as hp shall hold die office ; and
no marshal shall be allowed by the said Secretary to retain
of the fees and emoluments of hi« said office, for hib own
personal compensation over and above a proper allowance
u> his depatie*, which shall in uo caw exceed three fourths
of the fees and emoluments received jh payable for the ser-
vices rendered by the deputy to whom the allowaifte id
made, Mid may be reduced below that rate by the said Sec-
retary of the Treasury whenever the return shall show that
rate of allowance to be unreasonable, and over and above
the necessary expenses of the said mar*hal, the nece?«ary
New Series—No. 15.
clerk hire included, also to be audited and allowed by the !
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, a sun exceed
ltig $6,U00 per year, or at and alter (toat rate for such time
as be all all bold the o(He«; and every such officer shall,
with each
the L" in ted
thereof
ury, any surplus of the fees or emoluments of his otiice,
which his halt-yearly return so made as atbrenaid shall allow
to exist over ami above the compensation and allowances
hereinbefore authorized to be retained and paid by him;
and id every case where the return of any sueh officer shall
show that a surplus may exist, the said Secretary of the
Treasury shall cause such returns to be carefully examined,
and the accounts of disbursements to be regularly audited
by the proper officers of his Department, and an account lo
b.' opened with such officer in proper books to be provided
fur lliat purpose, and the allowances for personal compen-
sation tor each calendar year shall be made from the fees
and emoluments of that year, and not otherwise."
My friend from Wisconsin is entirely misin-
formed when lie saya that the clerk of this District
receives anything like $6,000 for each of the offi- '
ees. He is restricted to $6,000 for the whole of
them. And I believe he is mistaken further in
supposing that ha is the holder of three clerkships.
So you perceive that if this individual receives
$12,000 or $18,000, it is in direct conflict with the
act of 1842; and if we cannot enforce the provis-
ions of that act upon the clerks of the District and
other clerks in the various circuit and district
courts of the United States, what legislation can
we enforce? Why none. Before we can dispose
of this bill in a proper way—at present I am
against it—it seems to me we ought to call upon
the Secretary of the Treasury for a report, exhib-
iting to Congress how many fees these various
officers, clerks, marshals, and attorneys have re-
ceived, and how many reports they have made in
conformity with the act of 1842, exhibiting the
emoluments of their offices, and how these things
: have been settled. It may be that the Judiciary
Committee have obtained this information, and
can communicate it to the Senate. If so, 1 shall
be very happy to hear how these reports have
been made, how these settlements nave taken
place, and how the restrictions contemplated by
the act of 1842 have actually been imposed upon
these gentlemen.
Sir, it strikes me, and as I do not wish to be
troublesome in making many speeches, 1 must be
allowed to say that until we see how this act of
1842 has been executed, we had better let it remain
as it is; for if we cannot restrict these gentlemen
down to $6,000 a year under the actof 1842, with
ail the machinery put in operation, requiring them
to report fees, and requiring to have their ac-
counts audited and settled at the Treasury De-
partment, it will be utterly impossible for us to
restrict them by the operations of this bill. By
the Iteration of this bill they will get clear of the
restrictions which the act of 1842attempted to im-
pose upon them. By the act of 1842, if executed
and carried out, you perceive that these officers
are confined to an amount of compensation equal
, to that of one of the Cabinet Ministers of the
country, and they ate not to go beyond that; but
by the passage of the act now under consideration
you relieve them from the restriction imposed by
the act of 1842, and you give a tariff of fees, and
allow the officer to receive the whole fees according
to that tariff; and if they go up to $20,000, he
pockets the exiess without any restriction at all.
That is the effect of the legislation by this bill.
With regard to the tariff of fees, I can only say
that in many instances there is a very great in-
crease in my own State. I believe that my clerk,
who is a clerk both of the circuit and district
courts of the United States in Kentucky, never
has received a very exorbitant allowance. But if
this bill passes, it will have the effeet of enlarging
the fees in my State in many particulars, as I think,
and it will have the further effect of getting us
clear of the restrictions imposed by the act of 1842.
And in the southern district of New York, or any
other where there is a great amount of business to
be transacted, the officers, clerks, marshals, &c.,
even in the districts where there was so much com-
plaint in 1842 on account of the exorbitant fees,
can receive their $10,000 or $20,000 a year as here-
tofore, if we get clear of the restrictions of the act
of 1842. I think we had better see how these re-
ports have been made, and how the accounts have
been settled, and what the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has done, and how it is that gentlemen rise
now in their places, and, notwithstanding the act
of 1842, speak of the exorbitant sums which these
clerks, marshals, and attorneys are deriving from
their offices. It is wonderful to me how it is done.
Mr. WALKER. I do not know how it is that
these officers receive such large sums as 1 have
been informed they do• receive. But one thing
seeing very clear to my mind, that if the compen-
sation they receive or seek to have allowed is so
great as 1ms been represented here, that the offices
ought to be divided. Why, notwithstanding the
act of 1842, which has been brought to our notice
by the Senator from Kentucky, we heard it said
here the other day, without exciting any surprise,
that accounts were yet pending before the proper
Department amounting to $19,000 for one year.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It surprises me how
such things can be.
Mr. \VALKER. Since my attention has been
called to the act it does seem surprising to me, and
much more do I feel surprised, since hearing that
act read, that there should be an. effort in this
Chamber upon the part of Senators to incorporate
upon this bill such a provision as the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Downs] offered here the other
day, which was to authorize the auditing and al-
lowing of those accounts, as exorbitant as they
: were, in favor of offices in Louisiana.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator will allow me
"to ask him to which accounts he has reference'
Whether it is to the accounts' of a clerk, for that
is the subject under discussion ?
Mr. WALKER. It is the account of a distiirl
attorney, I believe.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senatorfrom Wisconsin
will recollect that was a claim made by a district
attorney for extra services.
Mr. WALKER. To the other observation of
the Senator from Kentucky, that we should ae-
?uire information upon this subject before acting,
would say that it strikes me as carrying with it
some force. I am a friend to the bill now before
the Senate. 1 am anxious to see it passed, and
! should regret exceedingly t<J see it defeated, for I
do believe there are great evils which are more
| plainly seen by the Committee on the Judiciary
, than by the rest of us. I do hope and trust that
the Judiciary Committee will be able to suc-
ceed in having this bill passed. But there are
some points at the same time which I hope it will
1 not be deemed improper on the part of others to
seek to amend. This is one of them. I urge it
with no strenuousness, and present it as much for
the consideration of the Judiciary Committee, and
more, in fact, than for the consideration of any
, else, for I know that the attention of the Senators
■ on that committee has been directed to this sub-
ject. While some seem to censure the committee
for its pertinacity in opposition to amendments, I
•. do not participate in bestowing that censure.
I know well that, in all these matters of judicial
reform, one man can frequently take up a subject,
run through it, systematize it, fix it in his mind,
and make it coherent throughout in all its parts,
, though others may not perceive it at the time; and
' it is but natural that the members of the Judiciary
Committee should desire to see that matured sys-
tem enacted as they have matured it. But here is
an amendment which does not interfere, it seems
•! to me, with the system which has been prepared
by the Judiciary Committee. I bring it, therefore,
to the attention of the Senate, that they may pass
upon it. , ,
I may be wrongly informed with regard to the
I matter of compensation in the District of Colum-
bia, and in other districts of the United States. It
i may be that no such compensation is charged,
I much less ever received. ButI believe, from what
has been communicated to me, that the same inui-
■ vidual here in this District holds the office of clerk
of the district court, clerk of the circuit court, and
clerk of the criminal court. And if the compensa-
tion of neither overruns the sum of six thousand
dollars he may receive that compensation for each
of these offices. This would seem to be in viola-
tion of the act of 1842. The clerk of the circuit
' court comes in with his accounts running up to the
> maximum ; the clerk of the district court comes in
with his accounts in the same way, and so does
the clerk of the criminal court. Three different
' compensations for clerks, amounting in the aggre-
gate, computing the maximum for each, to eigh-
li teen thousand dollars. I am aware that there is a
