APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[ Feb. 15,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Fees of Marshals, fyc.—Messrs. Dawson, Hale, fy-c.
Sen.
ate.
man intellect than perhaps of anything else which
can be considered—a very important fact, which
was only discovered by Charles V, I believe, after
he resigned his throne to his son, on an examina-
tion of certain watches, when hefound that it was
impossible for the most skillful mechanic to con-
struct two watches which would move exactly in
unison—inasmuch as human intellects differ so
materially from each other, and human opinions
are so variant, it is unreasonable to expect that
any twelve men, in a case admitting; a great variety
of views, will easily harmonize. While I agree
with Mr. Bentham that it is wrong to starve a jury
into perjury, I am equally opposed to driving tliem
into it: and 1 cannot consent to .pay a single cent
to a juryman in order to induce him to harmonize
with his fellow-jurymen in the rendition of a ver-
dict.
I perfectly concur with the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire that three dollars per day is
little enough for these jurors. In my own State, I
believe three dollars per day would not compen-
sate them for neglecting their private concerns and
attending on the court from-time to time for the
purpose ot performing the duties imposed upon
them.
Mr. DAWSON. I have been listening to this
discussion, and endeavoring to ascertain what was
the necessity for making these appeals as to "Dem-
ocratic;" doctrines. What is the necessity of
making a distinction in favor of petit jurors against
all other classes of public officers ? I should very
much like if the Senator from New Hampshire
would inform me what compensation a member of
'the Legislature of his State receives for the labori-
ous duty of making laws for the government of the
State.
Mr. HALE. When that subject comes before
the Senate, I will give them information to enable
them to act judiciously.
Mr. DAY\ SON. How much is it? How
much does a juror receive in the State tribunals of
New Hampshire ? I merely ask this to show that
in the great Democratic State of New Hampshire,
"Democratic principles" never recognized the
propriety of paying a juryman more than a law-
maker. The compensation of a member of the
Legislature of New Hampshire, and in a large
portion of the States of the Union, is but two dol-
lars per day, and in the good old State of Con-
necticut, I believe it is not more than one dollar
and fifty cents per day. And yet we hear it con-
tended to-day, that jurymen, who discharge their
duties as citizens, should be entitled to three dol-
lars or five dollars per day. Why is this?
We have not touched anything during this ses-
sion of Congress where we could possibly increase
the appropriations of the Government that we
have not done it. We have increased pensions,
and everything else daring this session, until the
appropriations will swell up to nearly $65,000,000.
But is it the great progressive principle of " De-
mocracy" that you must tax the people in order
to increase the amount which you are to pay to
your public officers - You are entering into a cal-
culation by which to regulate the ability of every
man holding a public trust to put up at the most
expensive hotel in the places where he may go.
We have had a contrast between the tavern and
the cellar. For what purpose : Was it for the
purpose of enlightening this body, of bringin"
into contrast various departments of the Govern-
ment, or was it for the purpose of introducing a
feeling in the country that we are establishing
classes ? Why, that does not belong to our posi-
tion here. These things are recognized in the
State of New Hampshire. Why is it tliat the
juror in the United States courts there should re-
reive three dollars per day, while the juror ill the
State courts receives but a dollar per day ? Why
these distinctions? Because it is the public money,
the money of the Government of the United States,
that is to be appropriated here; but at home econ-
nmy is observed in Government; here it is not to
be observed, for the responsibility is divided co-
extensive with the limits of the Union. Hence it
is that we have gone on making these appropria-
tions from time to time.
^ I would not have made these observations but
tnat this matter involves a principle—the in-
crease of the public expenditure, and appeals to a
feeling among the people of the country calculated
I [ 'o induce us to appropriate our moneys largely
! i here. It is bringing down to the principle which
is called " democatic" the increase of the salaries
. of men discharging- public duties. 1 for one am
disposed to be as liberal ill the payment of public
officeis as any man; but yet there^re certain dis-
: Unctions which of course have been preserved
everywhere. If 1 were convinced it was neces-
sary to pay these large amounts to jurors I would
do it; but in my own State it is not so; these
amounts are not paid in any State in the Union.
1 dislike to see it avowed here that the time has
arrived when we should begin to increase our ap-
propriations; that u'hen an individual in a State dis-
charges a duty incumbent on him as a citizen of
, the United States under the Government of the
United States, we should pay a larger sum than
II is paid by his State. The State of Georgia allows
no per diem to her jurymen. She makes no pay-
ment except what she gives for the verdicts her
jurymen render.
I have before me a document showing the sal-
aries of officers in New Hampshire. I will *not
read tliem, but the highest I see is §1,200. The
President of the Senate gets $2 50 per day; the ■
Speaker of the House of Delegates 50; and the
members of the Legislature §2. Now, why i
should we make a distinction between public duty
discharged for the Government of the United
States and public duty discharged for the States?
Is it because the money is to come out of the
Treasury of the United States? A citizen of
Georgia, to act as a juror, has not to go beyond
the limits of the State; and he is at no greater ex-
I pensein performing the duty for the General Gov-
|l eminent than he is in performing it for the State
Government, except it may be in the item of :
mileage. Why, then, give him more in one case '
than in the other? Let us have something like
economy, and the people will never complain.
The laws of the LTnited .States for sixty or sev-
enty years have allowed a compensation for jurors
that has heretofore been deemed adequate. That
compensation is SI 25 for each day's attendance
on court. The bill before us provides for increas-
ing that to $1 50. Here is a bill drawn up by a
committee who understand the subject, by the
ablest practitioners in our courts, by the best in-
formed men as to duties connected with the courts,
and I am willing to take the bill as it has been
prepared by them.
Mr. FOOTE. I have yet to learn the lesson
which the Senator from Georgia has endeavored
to administer to us, that our committees can never
err. I have never heard of a committee that did
not sometimes make a mistake. They are not !
gods, but men. Humanum est errare, I believe is
applicable to all men in this body. Hence, I can-
not take it for granted that the Committee on the
Judiciary cannot make a mistake as to the pro-
visions of this bill.
I beg leave to remark, in reply to my friend
from Georgia, that he seems to have forgotten a
very important distinction which certainly exists
between a juror who is summoned by legal pro-
cess to perform a public duty, however reluctant
he may be to perform it, and those gentlemen who I
from time to time offer themselves as candidates I
for places in States Legislatures and seats in Con-
gress, actuated by a generous ambition to serve
their country and establish their fame. It is well
known that in Great Britain • members of Parlia-
ment receive no pay. I do not know but that, that
is the best rule. I am not certain that it is not
incompatible with the dignity of the Legislature to
receive a cent. I am not certain that it would be
undignified in a gentleman who seeks without be-
ing called on to serve his country in a legislative
capacity and to become a law-maker, to receive a
dollar for his services. But those gentlemen who
are dragged from their own homes and compelled
sometimes to travel a hundred miles, and who are
subjected to all the expenses and troubles which
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire has
so graphically described, occupy a very different
position. They have no opportunity of acquiring
distinction. All they have to do is to sit on the
jury-bench day after day and listen to long
speeches, and sometimes very disagreeable ones,
and sit up at night with very little to comfort
them—if the rules of law be strictly observed—
for the purpose of deciding questions of meum
i and fuum between their fellow-citizens, or for the
purpose of rendering a verdict between the Gov-
ernment and some private citizen. That is a mat-
ter for which they ought to be well paid. I say
again, that in my State I believe three dollars
would not compensate a juror for coming from
his own home, and for devoting day after day to
the performance of the functions devolving on
him.
Mr. BERRIEN. What is paid to a jui'OT in
the State of Mississippi >
Mr. FOOTF.. I have forgotten, but I will say
to my friend from Georgia not enough by a great
deal. It has been a matter of complaint with us
for many years past that our jurymen do not re
ceive enough to pay the expenses actually incurred
by them, I believe no man can serve as a jury-
man and live, at a dccent hotel, as I believe every
juryman should be expected to live, for anything
like three dollars a day; and, as the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] near mesuggests, they
cannot go out without asking leave of the judge.
I wish to remark that the argument of the honora-
ble Senator from Georgia in regard to New Hamp-
shire and other States is with me by no means a
prevailing one. Three dollars a day may be more
than sufficient to cover the expenses of a juryman
in New Hampshire, Connecticut, Rhode Island,
or some other of the old States; but it is certainly
not in some dozen of the States of the South and
Southwest, which I coidd name. The question
then is, whether we had better err on the side of
justice and liberality, or on the side of meanness
Whether we had better give to a New Hampshire
juryman a little too much, or give a juryman in
other States, my own included, a great deal too
little ? For my own part, I conceive that it is our
duty to give those whom we employ in every
capacity whatever amount is adequate to the ser-
vices performed, as much at least as not to subject
them to pecuniary injury. I am very anxious that
jurymen should have enough to pay their ex-
penses. And I conclude by saying that there is
something radically vicious m the proposition to
give a man money in considera.ion of his agreeing
with eleven other men in the rendition of a verdict
in a case perhaps exceedingly complicated, and in
relation to which he would not agree with them if
he did not get, the money.
Mr. GWIN. I can corroborate what the Sena-
tor from Mississippi has said from my experience
in his State.
Mr. HALE. I have no doubt of it. I wish to
suggest that this is not the first time that the Sen
ator from Georgia has referred io New Hampshire
in a manner which would seem to imply that he
had got something connected with the name or the
history or the tradition of New Hampshire which
entitled him to use that name somewhat in a tone
of contempt.
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all.
Mr. HALE. I care little fur the Senator's
" not." I shall not go into any discusgjon upon
that matter now or here. It is not the time nor
the place. But I will remark that this is not the
first nor the second time that insinuations have
come from Georgia, and from the Senator who ha.«
made them to-day. 1 was born in New Hamp-
shire, and I know of no community that Provi
dence ever suffered to live on tlieface of the earth,
lajffe or small, in whose history I would take trior,
pride, and whom I would be more proud to call
mine, than New Hampshire. From the first time
that the white man put his foot on her soil to this
day, her history may be searched and ransacked,
and he that can find a blot upon it may make the
most of it. They are an economical people from
the very necessity of their position, and I am glad
of it. But the Senator from Georgia makes one
argument to which I wish to reply. He says the
legislators of New Hampshire receive but two dol-
lars a day, and that they never thought in legis-
lating for jurors of giving them more than legisla-
tors received. I think that is a sound principle,
and let us apply it in practice. We are the legis-
lators in Congress. We receive instead of two
dollars, eight dollars a day, and on that principle
we ought to pay the jurors eight dollars a day. I
think the jurors of New Hampshire receive about
the same compensation as members of the Legis-
lature. Tliev have received for many years back,
I think, Si 50 and $2 a Jay I know tiiat the
