1851.|
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
31st Cong 2d Sess.
Fees of Marshals, fyc.—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, fyc.
Senate.
fees of jurors and witnesses have increased latter-
ly and are being increased.
There is a great outcry made about the expen-
ses of this Government. That is always the way.
Here it is proposed that when men are called away
from their homes they shall receive three dollars
a day while in the service of their country. What
additional expense will it be? It may possibly
add some twenty or thirty thousand dollars a year
to the expenditure of the Government, and it may
perhaps reach the sum of fifty thousand dollars.
1 am very glad the Senator from Georgia has been
taken with this fit of economy. I hope it will
stay with him until the end of the session; and if
it does, when the appropriation bills come up, I
will go with him with all my heart. I will begin
with the Army.
It is proposed to appropriate the sum of twelve
millions of dollars, I think, this year. There is
a good place to begin to cut d6wn. The Senator
can take u meal of economy in that bill that will
do his heart good. Then we go to the Navy;
what do we find there ? About ten millions to be
appropriated for that; and we find about sixty-five
post-captains, with a salary of twenty-five hundred
or three thousand dollars a year—forty or fifty of
them "waiting orders," and they have been wait-
ing orders ever since the commencement of the
Government. There is a fine chance to begin the
business of economy. There are men receiving
five and six dollars a day and doing nothing; that
is a fine place to apply this spirit of economy. It
is not a proper place to apply it when it is pro-
posed to give three dollars a day to men called
away from their homes, subject to the expenses
and put to debt; and, as was well remarked, they
cannot like boys go out of school to get even a •
drink of water, without asking leave of the judge.
That is where it is proposed to begin this econo-
my. I am tired and sick to death of such economy.
If you begin with the Army'and cut down the ap-
propriations to fifty per cent., and then go to the
Navy and cut that down seventy-five per cent.,
prune off all useless officers, and pay those that I
are necessary a sufficient compensation, we shall
have such a system as we ought to have. I do
n®t know what the policy has been in Georgia,
but in New Hampshire we do not want to employ
useless officers, and those we do employ we give
what their services are actually worth. I hope the
country will take notice of the fact that the ex-
penses ought to be retrenched, and then it was
proposed whether or not the juryman is not a
proper class to begin upon. I agree entirely with
the Senator from Georgia—that the expenses of
Government are extravagant, enormous, outra-
geous, shameful, and I want them retrenched. I
want them reformed and brought down to some-
thing like what they ought to be. But in Heaven's
name do not let us begin here, because we would
only render ourselves ridiculous while creating
lieutenant general and admiral, and all that class
of officers; and while we are paying officers for
whom we have no more use than we have for a
town-clerk of the weather, three, four, five, six,
seven, and eight thousand dollars a year. Look
at your Army register; look at your Navy register.
Is it not astonishing that men should get up here
and deliver a lecture about paying jurors three dol-
lars a day, who will be occupied perhaps twenty
days in the year. I can hardly think gentlemen
are serious, though a friend suggests that they
look serious, but it does not last them long. The
honorable Senator from Georgia is laughing him-
self now at tlie exhibition he has made in deliver-
ing a lecture of economy on the proposition to
pay jurors three dollars a day, while we are
called upon to vote twenty-four millions of dollars
for the Army and Navy. But I see that my friend
from North Carolina is anxious to get the floor,
and as he always makes a good speech I will give
it to him.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to inquire whether it
would be in order to say a word on the amend-
ment ?
The PRESIDENT. It certainly would be in
order.
Mr. BADGER. I do not propose to go into
the Navy or Army estimates, or into the lieuten-
ant-generalship, but I wish to make a remark on
the proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, because I think it is not treated by the Sen-
ate exactly in the manner in which it should be
treated. I do not agree with the Senator in the
desire to pay jurors a compensation for their ser-
vices. I ask only that their reasonable expenses
shall be defrayed. I would have been satisfied to
have given them two dollars a day, but as the
Senate has voted down that proposition, I shall
vote to give them three dollars per day, on the
principle stated by my friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Foote,] that I would rather the United
States should pay more than is right than that
they should pay less than is right.
A word now with respect to the allowances that
are made in the different States. I speak for my
own State, and for no other. In Georgia, the
compensation of $1 50 a day provided for in the
bill may be liberal, and perhaps the jurors in"
Georgia belong to the class of people who can give
their time to the public and spend money besides,
and yet suffer no serious inconvenience. In my
State it is not so. The difference between the
Staie courts and the United States courts is just
this: In the first place, all State courts are held in
little villages. In the next place, the jurors who :
try causes in these courts can soon be summoned
from the precincts of the county in which the court
sits. Many of these jurors can ride from home
to the court-house in the morning, and unless they
happen to be detained, they can return home at
night, unless they wish to remain with their friends
in the vicinity of the court-house. .The State laws
allow them a dollar a day for attendance, which
is a much larger allowance than two dollars a day ,
would be for jurorswho attend at the United States '
courts, and for this reason: those jurors are sum-
moned from a considerable.number of counties to
attend the circuit oourt at Raleigh. They have to
leave their homes to travel perhaps sixty, seventy,
eighty, or ninety miles, and to stay in town, where
the expenses at public houses are great. How
are they to get there ? They must either come ,
' with their own conveyance or they must come by
1 public conveyance. If they come by their own
j conveyance, every juryman must at least have one
horse, and if they put up at a respectable hotel—
for I do not understand that gentlemen -who are
competent to serve their country as jurymen shall
be thrust into cellars or groggeries—it will be im-
possible for any man to defray for less than two
, dollars a day the expenses of himself and horse.
How does he get there if he does not bring a
horse? Suppose he comes by the stage; we are
not so happily situated as to have railroads in
' every direction for people to travel by. The es-
tablished rate of traveling upon stage routes in
our State is ten cents a mile, so that for every
thirty miles of travel the juror would receive one
i dollar and fifty cents, and would pay out three ,
dollars, besides the necessary expense of his meals '
T>y the way. This cannot be right. I do not
want these men to make money, but I do insist
that it is the solemn duty of the Government, when
they drag a man away from his home to come and
try the causes of other people, with which he has
no connection, to pay his expenses. I would have
been satisfied with a smaller sum. I would have
been satisfied with two dollars per day, but the
Senate voted down that amendment, and I shall
therefore vote for the" amendment of the Senntor
from New Hampshire.
i Mr. BERRIEN. I desire the Senate to under-
1 stand what has been our legislation on this subject
heretofore. Congress commenced by giving ju-
rors fifty cents per day for attendance, and fifty
cents for every ten miles that they traveled, or
five cents a mile. They subsequently raised the
price which they gave for attendance to fl 25 per
' day, and this has been the sum for many years,
without any complaint being made that I have
heard. On the contrary, I know that in courts
1 where I have attended this has been an adequate
compensation. One dollar and twenty-five cents
for the seven days of the week is beyond the rate
of board which is paid by the jurors. Now the
bill proposes to raise their compensation for at-
tendance to #1 50 per day, and to give jurors in
civil cases twenty-five cents for each case in wmch
they render a verdict. I think this is adequate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to say
but a few words on this question. There are just
two points in this matter to which I wish to ad-
* vert. I think there is a tendency in this Govern-
ment to create greater salaries than is generally
! given for similar services by the State govern-
ments. I think as a general thing this leads the
States into some embarrassment, and makes peo-
ple seek as far as they can seek the services of the
United States in preference to the services of the
States. So far as that goes the example is a bad
, one, and worthy of being shunned if we can do it.
' In regard to my own State, we are perhaps situ-
; ated in a condition more embarrassing than that
which is portrayed by my friend from North Car-
olina. All our United States courts are held in
the city of Boston. The jurors are drawn from
all parts of the Commonwealth. They are obliged
to reside in the city during the time they attend
on the court. I suppose it is so in Philadelphia;
I suppose it is so in New York; but in the States
in which those cities are there are two districts.
There is but one district in my State, and what
would perhaps be an adequate and suitable com-
pensation for a State like Massachusetts, situated
as things are there, might seem like large pay for
some other portions of the country. But i appre-
hend that a juror would find it difficult enough to
support himself upon the same pay which ie given
to jurors in the State courts. 1 think in the State
courts of Massachusetts jurors are allowed $1 50
a day. But it will be observed that jurors who
are summoned into the State courts at Boston we
residents within the county—the city of Boston
being a county—and therefore every man has his
own home. There he lives "in his own house.
He is not obliged to incur any expenses, and he
loses nothing but his time. This is the case in
the State courts.
In relation to the United States courts, jurors
must attend them from all parts of the Common-
wealth. They can travel cheaper perhaps than
anywhere else, for they have railroads in almost
i every portion of the State, and the expense of
traveling on these roads is about three cents a
mile. 1 would be very glad if I could vote upon
this bill so as to do justice to the jurors of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts without enlar-
< ging the compensation too much. I would be glad
to put them on a suitable footing, but I confess
that three dollars strikes me as being pretty large
pay for a juror. I think that is double the amount
which is usually paid in the States. That is the
only difficulty I have in relation to the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAYTON. I know from my practice in
the United States courts in my State that individ-
uals who are summoned as jurors are not sum-
moned from remote parts of the Commonwealth,
and I venture to say that the experience of a large
majority of the professional gentlemen in this
chamber will tell them that the great body of ju-
1 rors who serve in these courts are summoned from
places contiguous to the city or town in which the
court sits. I speak of the experience in my own
section of the country; there is no difficulty. In
my State the pay of jurors in the United States
circuit court is nearly double that which is paid in
our States courts.
As to jurors, it is not a question of nay. It is
not, as a general thing, the matter of dollars and
cents that is to be looked to in jurors. These du-
ties are looked upon as a rendition of what they
owe as citizens, and they receive their remunera-
tion with a knowledge of the fact that when their
interests are at stake some other citizens will do
the same service for them. It is not therefore a
question of dollars and centB. In my State we
: pay grand-jurors nothing; and permit me to say
that when nothing is paid we get a better and more
gentlemanly class of jurors than when you pay
them. That has been my experience, and for one
I am not disposed to increase the amount which
is* paid to jurors. It seems to me that the amount
fixed in this bill is beyond the amount paid gen-
erally in any of the States of the Union, and 1
know of no reason why a distinction should be
made in behalf of those who serve the Federal
Government and against those who serve the State
Governments.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Dawson] asked some time ago what jurors re-
ceived in New Hampshire. Since that question
was asked I have seen my colleague, and ascer-
tained from him, and I will say that they receive
more than this bill proposes. New Hampshire,
