1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
Sist Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Printing—Mr. Marshall.
Ho. or Reps.
Hickey, secretary to the botutd for die letting of
public printing. He says:
" Witn«s  heard both Mr. Trenholm and Mr. Ritchie,
•oou alter the execution of the bond, say that they had an !
«inpm:lmNf contract, (or words to that effect,) but that they
intended to comply with it, and rely upon Congress lhr re-
muneration. Their remarks were made early after Con-
gress adjoanietl, and were frequently repeated by them."
The fact that Mr. Ritchie was thus complaining
of the terms of the contract and declaring his deter-
mination, at the very inception of the contract, to
•'look to Congress for remuneration," proves
incontestably that he wms mteare at the time of the
reduced rate of the bids, and supposed he had an
anchor to windward in the pliability, or as he would
any, "the magnanimity " of Congress.
But I now advance to another position: Mr.
Ritchie is bound by everything that Trenholm has
«ud in regard to these contracts, for Trenholm and
Belt were but instruments whom Mr. Ritchie
used, as was well known in the Union office at the
date of the contract. On the point hear Mr.
Gordon, the foreman of the press-room at the
Union office. Mr. Flynn says:
" At the time Trenholm was in the North—last Fall, I
mean, 16-19—Mr. Gordon told me Mr. Ritchie was the act-
ual contractor; thai aH the materials were purchased for
Mr. Ritchie; and that Trenholm and Belt, ill fact, bid only
for Mr. Ritchie."
I will not fatigue the House by a multiplication
of testimony on this point, as I conceive the
fact now to be fully established, that before the
opening of the bids, immediately after the inception
of the contract, and before the assembling of this
Congress, the contractors expressed, not only once,
but tMKjr times, the determination "to make Con-
gress sick of the contract"—" to took to Congress
for remuneration," and, through their own action
in the execution of the contract, to break down j
the system which the laws of the land prescribe :
for the regulation of the public printing. But par-
ticularly I call attention to the statement of Tren-
holm to Mr. Wendell. that Mr. Ritchie determined
to have the contract even at a hundred thousand
dollars less than the work could be done for, re-
lying on a Democratic Congress to break down the
system in order to relieve him from the loss, and,
when once the system was overwhelmed, to use
their power to elect him as printer to Congress.
What an expose is this? What a condition of
things, sir, to call forth the legislation upon which
we are about to enter? I appeal to members of
this House and to the country, to know whether,
having been a member of the committee before
which such facts were elicited, it did not become
me—inasmuch as time was not allowed to bring
this fact to the attention of every member of the
House—I repeat, did it not become me to say that
I believe that this contract had been taken without
a bona fide intent to carry it out?
I shall now proceed to the testimony on the
point of "combination to effect the destruction of
the contract system." My proposition is, that
among the Metropolitan printers, this matter was
entirely understood, and the determination was
evinced to effect the object by the influence they
would exert upon members of this body.
I have already shown by the testimony that
before Congress met, the craft—as the class of opera-
tive printers is termed—generally expected an
attack upon the contract system to be made. Mr.
Ritchie, it seems from the observation of my col-
league, denies any knowledge upon this subject.
I cite the testimony of with esses to show the gen-
• eral expectation of " the craft," that it was to be
effected through contractI in which Mr. Ritchie tea)
covertly interested in the principal degree, and I shall
leave it to sensible men to determine his partici-
pancy in the intent, by exhibiting the progress of
affairs to the point of a realization of this expecta-
tion.
Congress met in December 1849. This House
was not organized by the election of a Speaker
until Christmas. The holidays immediately oc-
curring, no business was transacted of any conse-
quence until they were over. This brings us to
January, 1850. It appears that the chairman of
the Printing Committee of the Senate addressed a
letter to all thecontractors, suggesting whether it might
not be best for all parties that a new arrangement
should at once be made in case the contractors, after
examining the subject, should conclude that tliey '
could not comply strictly with the terms of the
contract without loss.
Of course the letter of the honorable chairman
was dictated by the kindest spirit of an enlarged
benevolence, but one of the contractors—one who
had bid in £ood faith—one who wasdisconnected
with the Union office—I mean John T. Towers, a
practical printer—took offence at the suggestions.
The testimony of his brother shows what he
thought of it, and I will trouble the House with
an extract from Mr. Towers's testimony. He
says:
" I have conversed with Trenholm since Congress met.
Tt was upon Mr. Borland's amendment to Senate resolution
No. 16. I called on Mr. Trenholm lo know whether there
was any understanding as regarded us. (Towers,) if that
resolution should pass; and I was induced to call by a let-
ter received by Mr. Senator Borland, written before any
work was executed, advising us (Towers) to ask Con-
gress to cancel the contract, tie. We had expressed no de-
sire to abandou the contract, and did not answer Mr. Bor-
land's letter.
  • . • "I wanted to see Mr. Ritchie,believing him
to be the proprietor of the contracts. Mr. Trenholm stated
that he (Trenholm) had the power to do what he pleased
with the contracts. I understood Mr. Ritchie had given
that power to him. 1 asked him if we threw up our con-
tract, as advised by Mr. Borland's letter, whether we were
to have the same work back at the same prices which he
was to get, provided he (Mr. Ritchie) was elected public
print erf He said ' certainly, as far as he" was concerned:
he did not want the bills and joint resolutions.' That is, if
Mr. Ritchie should be elected public printer, we should
have the same work we had contracted for. at the prices
which should be allowed Ritehie, we apparently working
for Ritchie. Trenholm told me that, if the resolution should
pass, the blank (of name*) would be filled with the names
of Thomas Ritchie and Gales & Beaton."
Again, this witness, in continuation of this sub-
ject, says:
" I was assured then, if we would give up our contract,
it should be renewed to us, as far as they were concerned ;
and 1 was given to understand that Mr. Trenholm was
speaking for Mr. Ritchie. If I had not so understood it, I
should have gone directly to Mr. Ritchie. My visit was
caused by Mr. Borland's amendment, which was not to ben-
efit us; and I had reason to know that a combination had
teen formed to secure the public printing to the Union, the
National Jnlelli encer, and Gideon 4* Co. The amend-
ment was introduced in consequence of that combination;
and I wanted to see Mr. Ritchie and know whether we
could keep our part of the work if we gave in to the new
arrangement, and, by seeing Mr. Trenholm, I ascertained
that we could. If such an arrangement had not been made,
it was my intention to fight the bill."
I do not introduce this testimony, sir, for the
purpose of implicating the mover of that amend-
ment, for I can readily understand how gentlemen
may be induced to move a change cf the existing
law without cooperating with influences at work
out of doors, to avail themselves immediately of
advantages to result from the change. My object
is, especially, to show that Towers understood,
instantly, the effect of that amendment—that Tow-
ers knew where to apply to ward off any injury
to his own interests—that his application teas imme-
diate to Mr. Ritchie, or to his foreman, Trenholm; and
that Trenholm (speaking for Ritchie) promised
this witness that he should not be deprived of the
advantages of the increase of prices, when Ritchie
was elected publicprinter. Another feature strikes
the sense: the advantage was to be retained by
Towers, but he was to appear to be working for Mr.
Ritchie. And then, the great, broad, prominent
fact stands out in distinct characters which con-
nects itself within the point under discussion:
" I had reason to know that a combination had been
formed to secure the public printing to the Union, National
Intelligencer, and Gideon & Co."
But, Mr. Speaker, it will be said that these dec-
larations of Trenholm should not bind another—
that Mr. Ritchie is not to be affected by thein. If
it should appear that Mr. Ritchie is, with the ed-
itors of the National Intelligencer, arranging a
bargain for the execution of the public printing,
upon the basis that they are to be jointly interested
at prices fixed according to the amendment to Sen-
ate resolution No. 16, 1 imagine it will be difficult
to forego the conclusion that Trenholm was speak-
ing by authority, and that Towers was correct in
taking the promise from him as though it had been
delivered in person by Ritchie, " as far as they
were concerned."
The next witness I call to the stand is Mr. Sea-
ton, of the National Intelligencer. Mr. Seaton
had not been a bidder for any of these .contracts.
He had nothing to do with this business in the
beginning. He was first approached by Tren-
holm, (Mr. Ritchie's man,) who said to him that
they could not go on with the contracts. The '
session had advanced somewhat, and it was ap-
parent that a Democratic Congress with an available
party majority for the distribution of patronage ,*had
not convened. Mr. Seaton says:
" Mr. Trenholm stated that it was impossible for them to
carry out the contract at the contract prices without ruinous
losses, and he wished to know, if Congress would relieve
them, and would place the business on a different footing,
whether we would agree to execute a part of it in conjunc-
tion with the contractors, or with Mr. Ritchie, who (ha
gave me to understand) was the responsible man."
This led to an interview with Mr. Ritchie him-
self. I read the result from the deposition of Mr.
Seaton:
" Mr. Ritchie asked me if I would confcr with my friends
in Congress, and see if the arrangement which wonld suit
nie could be effected, which I agreed to do. It was under-
stood, of course, that he should confer with his. The idea
was, that Mr. Ritchie was to be released from the contracts
by Congress, and our conversation was based upon the
predicate that he could be released. I will do Mr. Ritchie
the justice to say that I understood that he would sacrifice
his entire property in an attempt to perform the contract,
rather than abandon it altogether, and confess his inability
to execute ii; but whether this understanding was derived
from Mr. Ritehie or Mr. Trenholm, I cannot say. I do not
know Mr. Belt, and never heard of hiin as a proprietor of
any establishment in tliis city. I agreed to take any part of
the work I could execute at the prices of 1819, with a de-
duction therefrom of twenty per cent., and I advised Mr.
Ritchie, as well as the chairman of the committees. I have
recently agreed, in order to relieve Mr. Ritchie from what
he stated to be impending ruin, to take the work at thirty-
three and a third per cent, discount below the prices of
1819."
Now, Mr. Speaker, what will the country think
I of this tHe-a-tete between these editors—Whig and
Democrat—closely locking arms to bring their
joint and several influence to bear upon the repre-
sentatives of the people in order to affect the legis-
lation of Congress ? Here is a plighting of troths
for you !—a case of generosity upon the part of
the proprietors of the Intelligencer which chal-
lenges attention. Mr/ Seaton was willing to en-
fage at twenty per cent, below the prices of 1819,
ut " in order to relieve Mr. Ritchie from impend-
ing ruin," he " recently agreed to take the work
at thirty-three and a third per cent, discount be-
i low the prices of 1819 !" Only thirteen and a third
per cent, below what at first tliey suggested to the
committee was the lowest price at which they
would execute the work. Ml done to save a neigh-
bor f rem ruin.'
Mr. Speaker, I can only hope that the eyes of
gentlemen may be opened to the actual facts de-
veloped, and to the testimony in its true bearing.
The idea of a conference out of doors between the
editor of a Whig paper and the editor of a Dem-
ocratic paper, and of their arranging how the legis-
lation of this country shall be conducted—the idea
of their conferring wi'h their friends upon either
side of this House, with an intent to force a posi-
tion, or to command a position, on the introduc-
tion of resolutions exactly carrying out. their
views—calculating, in their printing offices, to
break down the law of the country, in order that
they may get more profit by altering the basis on
which they are paid—I say it would be derogatory
to the character and the dignity of this tribunal
that such things should ever be carried out here.
Again 1 read from Mr. Seaton's testimony:
" I think Mr. Trenholm Baid the Republic would have,
or expected, a good deal of work from the Executive De-
partments, and would not interfere with the Congress work.
The idea was conveyed, that if Congress passed any law or
resolution fixing prices, that it would comprehend Execu-
tive printing as well as Congress printing. I heard nothing
of any influence to be used by the Republic with Con-
gress. The idea was only that the Republic would not in-
terfere."
How modestly that is put, sir. " The idea was
the Republic would not interfere."
I will proceed to exhibit the action on the part
of the Republic, and I shall have done with this
branch of my subject. It is an extract from the
testimony of Hon. Truman Smith:
" Witness has had some conversation with some of the
firm of Gideon & Co.—the firm consisted of George S.
Gideon, A. T. Burnley, A. C. Bullitt, and Sergeant—
on the subject of the printing for the Departments ; does
not remember having held a conversation with Gideon, but
thinks that he has been spoken to by all the other members
of the firm, to the effect that the printing for Congress
should be placed on the old footing, and the printing for the
Departments should be executed al the discreUon of the
head of each as formerly, and they desired the passage of
the amendment of Mr. Borland to the joint resolution
No. 16; they wished witness to support it, but witness
gave them no particular encouragement."
Mr. A. T. Burnley (one of the proprietors of
; the Republic) swears:
