232
appendix to the congressional globe.
3 1st Cong 2d Sess.
The Public Printing—Mr. Marshall.
[Feb. 12,
Ho. of Reps.
" Witness does nol believe that the names of the proprie-
tors gf the Republic would have filled one of the blanks in
section two or Senator Bohi. \ \n's amendment."
The Committee on Printing called on these
printers. Observe that in their communications
to the committee, the manner in which the division
was to occur, as well as the basis of payment,
and the rate, were singularly harmonious with
Trenholm's understanding; of the matter. Colonel
McWillie swears:
" In a conversation with witness and Mr. Haniiin, Mr.
Ritchie said he would be willing to divide the public print-
ing with Gales & Seaton at prices twenty per cent, less
than those fixed under the resolution of 1819. Ritchie pre-
ferred that if it was divided, that it should be with Galei &
Seaton. He was unwilling that the Globe should partici-
pate, as he thought Rives had not complied fully and in
good faith with his contract when he sold out to lum
Witness had a conversation with Mr. Seaton. it was in-
quired of Mr. Featon if he would be willing to take half the
congressional printing. He *aid he would at twenty per
cent, under the prices of 1819, hut ivmld not take it for one
eentless. When the question was asked him by Hamlin and
witness, Seaton expressed no surprise at tile piopojition,
and was quite willing to enter into the contract jointly with
the Union office. It was iritnas's ivzpres^io,i that 11 a-ai
not altogether a new subject with Sraton."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask it' the
idea of a perfect understanding among these parties
can be resisted, in the lUce of all this evidence? Is
it not apparent that the determination was formed
to use the influence of these parties with members !
of this Congress, to change the system and to pro-
duce a return to the law of 1819? .Yof a rent 1
less than twenty per cent, discount, says Mr. Seaton.
Congress does not move. " To sure Ritchie from
ruin," ire agree to go dou-n to thirty-three and a third
per cent, discount. Still Congress is obdurate. Now,
the proposition of our committee fixes fifty per
cent, discount, and the gentleman from Alaryland
thanks my friend from South Carolina for the
expression that, peradventure, sixty per cent,
discount might be a fair basis! Aye, air, were we
to fix the point at ninety-five per cent, discount
the object of these people would be attained. The I
contract system would have been avoided, and Con-
gress, in the teeth of a law on the statute book, mould '
have cense,ited to refer prices to the law of 1819 as a \
standard by which they would be guided. j
It should not escape observation, that even
while this cry of " ruin " was yet ringing in our
ears, and the memorial of these contractors for an
extension of relief, was challenging attention, this
same contractor was solicitous to extend the area
of his operations at prices yet more reduced than
the original bids, but in another Department of the
Government. Had he succeeded, I suppose that,
too, would have been a case in which remunera-
tion would have been "sheer, naked justice."
Here is Mr. Kennedy, superintendent of the
census, who swears that work for which he con-
tracted to give $4 per ream, these contractors so-
licited liberty to execute at twenty-five cents per
ream:
" The contractors were to have ten dollars a ream for the :
blanks, and to print them on paper costing six dollars. The
printing was to be four dollars for each ream. Witness I
went to different offices, and inquired their prices for the '
work, at the same time describing it. 1
" Witness went to the Union office, and was introduced
to the foreman, whose name he thinks wasTrenholm. This
person told witness lie did the public printing for Congress.
Witness lias seen him several times since at the desk at the
Union office, and believes he is the same person who trans-
acts the business of that office. This person offered to do
the 'printing for twenty-Jive cents a ream, and appeared
very anxious to take it at that rate.''
Thus you see he was willing fo give $4 per
ream to nave the work properly done, and these ,
contractors offer to do it at twenty-five cents per !
ream, at the same time that they are memorialising
Congress to let them off from a ruinous job. i
What is the intent? Why it is no more nor less
than to get the whole public printing into their ,
hands, in order that the Democratic, party may
relieve them.
I shall now pass to sfome of the considerations
presented by my colleague in favor of granting
the relief prayed for. First in order is the consid- I
eration, that the delay which existed at the com-
mencement of the last session, in the organization
of the House, compelled Mr. Ritchie to keep idle
and unemployed, yet under pay, during all the
time, about one hundred hands.
Now, sir, I take issue with my colleague upon
the fact stated. The testimony taken before the
committee utterly disproves it. My colleague has
reaetl upon the allegation without examining the
evidence on the point, and this alone can account
' for his error. I will read from the testimony in
troduced by Mr. Ritchie himself.
John Bowen, who is the superintendent or fore-
man of the composition-room in the Union office,
was examined before the committee at the instance
of Mr. Ritchie. He says;
" There are about twenty-five compositors in the office
on Congressional work; the number ha-* been as prcat a<-
twentv-ei^ht There arc sixteen compositor* at the news-
paper
Theie is averygre.it disparity between thai and
a hundred hands under pay. Now, I go one step
further. They were not under pay at nil when
idle. This foreman of the office tells us what is
the custom of the office. He-says:
" There was a furlough at one tune at the TTmon ofF-ee of
a portion of tin* Imnds ; and thf> cause of it, witne*^. say^.
\va<*, that th ' proves could not return the letter to keep the
compositor* employed, in consequence of thelarpe number
ofeach document to work ojf. Th > tnst pait of the Patent
Office report waj the only document that wa* ••tLTtol> pod.
The second part of ihe Patent OHice report not \ H been
commenced, and Witney doe-j not kno*\ whet «ei it to
he stereotyped or not. Thinks it will make a volume about
the *ize of the fir^t part."''
So you see that when there was not work to
perform in the office, instead of keeping ihe jour-
neymen idle but under pay, they were " fur-
' loughed;" in other words, they were at liberty to
leave, in order that the loss to be occasioned by
delay might not fall upon the employer, but should
be sustained by the journeyman . Printers work
" by the piece," or by " stated wact-s for time."
If by the first mode, they are paid by measurement,
so that the employer only pays for what lie act-
ually receives. If by the last, he seems to have
; been " furloughed" at the Union office whenever
the condition of the public work was such as to
indicate that the time was to be unprofitably em-
ployed. So much for the first consideration.
The second consideration which my colleague
[Mr. Morehead] urges upon this House why
j they should grant this relief is, the inability of
those contractors to procure their pay for the work
done. Well, sir, if you will examine the testi-
mony. that point also vanishes like frost-work be-
fore the sun. You passed the deficiency bill in
May, and both the pay-clerk of this House and
the Secretary of the Senate were examined before
thespeeial committee in Julyt'and although it is
pretended that there was an inability on the part
of these persons to procure their pay, up to July,
at the time these parties were examined before the
committee, there had been no application what-
ever for the pay.
Mr. Dickins says:
L - Mr. A. Dickins being sworn .-ays: I am Seeretaiy of
the Senate. All money paid by the .Senate pa--e-, through
my hands.
"The chairman having read a clause from the petition of
William M. Belt to both Houses ot Congress wherein he
sets forth, as an excuse for delaying the work, that lie could
have received no money until the passage of the deficiency
bill,
" Mr. Dickins said : 8inec the passage of the deficiency
bill Belt has applied for no money. None of the contract-
ors for printing have applied lor money, nor have they pre-
sented any bills. There is money in the contingent fund of
the Senate, and lias ever been since the passage of the de-
ficiency bill—sufficient, I suppose,to pay the printers."
And yet these men pretend that they could not
go on with this contract for want of their pay,
while at the same time they went for months
without making any application for it. Mr.
Robb's testimony, (the pay-clerk of the House,)
given before the same committee, is exactly the
same. He says:
"Mr. Robbwas -worn. I am the pay-clerk of the Hou«e
of Representative*. 1 have paid out no money for public
printing. J have not been asked to pay any". I do not
know that they have presented any hills. I have seen
none.
"There is money in the contingent fund. The deficiency
bill passed nearly two months since. No application has
been made to me for pay for printing since the passage of
that bill, (thedeficiency bill.'")
And now, I will read the testimony of Colonel
Mt Willie, taken also before the same committee,
and which throws some light upon the same
point 
Mr. McDONALD, (interposing. I I wish to
ask the gentleman from Kentucky, whether the
Congressional printing is paid for oat of the con-
tingent fund of the House ' I understand that the
statement which he has read is from the pay-clerk
of the House, charged with the contingent fund
under the Clerk of the House, Now, I want to
| understand whether any Congressional printing is
! paid for out of that fund '
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 understand that all the
Congressional printing is paid for out of the con-
tingent fund.
Mr. McDONALD. .No, nol a dollarof it.
Mr MARSHALL. Yes, sir; it is all paid out
of the contingent fund. But if the gentleman
riser for the purpose of asking me a question to
answer it himself, he might have spared the inter-
ruption.
1 now proceed, sir, to read from the testimony
of Colonel McWillif. He says:
" The committee have made no calculation as to the cost
of any wiirk delivered, as no contractor has rendered an
account requiring tile calculation. Witness heard Mr.
Borland requr^t Mr. Ritchie to bring m the accounts for
printing, that the calculation of the eost might be made.
Heard no reply that is lenieinbered, a-, witness left them in
the mid«t of tile conveisation. Mr. Ritchie manifested an
indisposition then to bring them 111."
Mr. Ritchie manifested an indisposition to pre-
sent this account in order tlmt the calculation of
the cost might be made. So, then, while these
contractors pretend, and wlnlc my colleague [Mr.
Morf.iiead] repeats, as a consideration which
should be urged before this House, to induce us
to grant the relief which is prayed for ill this case,
that the contractors were unable to get their pay,
we find that after the money was supplied there
was no application, and that the committee, when
they called for calculations, were met by a manifest
reluctance to make the necessary estimate.
I So vanish the pretences upon which this ex-
traordinary claim is attempted to be supported; so
vanish the reasons which my colleague furnishes
for his case of " sheer, simple justice."
My colleague is too experienced a lawyer not to
know that he wh<< investigates a record will in-
variably err if he speaks only from the declaration
of the party complaining. My familiarity with
all the points of this case detects at once the simi-
larity of my colleague's speech to the memorial of
Air. Belt; but it is also an easy task to show to
the House and the country the utter variation of
both from the facts established by the testimony.
But conceding all thai the gentlemen ask—ad-
mitting, for the sake of the argument, that if this?
employee of the Government has entered into a
baa contract, a losing bargain, it is our duty to in-
demnify him against loss, how are we to proceed to
measure the indemnity until we have ascertained
the loss? On their own principles gentlemen
should be prepared to make an exhibit of the loss;
but we are told that paper calculations arc not re-
liable data on which to calculate the loss. Indeed I
Are we then to go blindfolded into this business?
Is it possible to believe that the public printer can-
not tell how mucb paper he has purchased, what
lie paid for it, how many hands he employed, for
what length of time, and what wages they were
engaged to receive'
The committee of which 1 was a member, Mr.
Speaker, ascertained a great many of the elements
of cost. We know exactly how many presses
there are employed in the Union office, hcuv many
men are employed in piess-work, and how much
money is paid to each man for his work. We
know how much, also, is paid for the work of the
compositor; how much they pay for the paper, for
the ink; the allowance charged for the wear and
tear of the presses, &c.: and, excepting the rents
i paid for the buildings, there is not an accountant
who could not take the data of which we are in
possession, and make an exact calculation of the "
amount of the losses. Whether the workmen are
paid by the " piece," as it is called, or by the
amount of work done, at the rates fixed by the
Typographical Society, it matters not; we still can
tell the amount of money paid for work, how much,
on an average, every journeyman compositor will
earn, either by the week or by the day. I say
that we have all the facts necessary to make a
calculation as to the amount of losses, but surely
the contractor must, at least, be able to tell the
amount of his losses.
My colleague has taken the trouble to investi-
gate the amount of work done by the public print-
ers, the number of volumes, and the number of
pages. Now, these pages are printed in small
pica, in bourgeois, in brevier, or in minion type:
and the rates for all iliese various types are speci-
fied, You cannot find a single foreman of a print-
