1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
931
31st Cong 2d Sess. The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann of Massachutetts.
Ho. of Reps.
1791, with a population of four millions, our im- i !
ports were $52,200,000, and our exports were i;
|19,012,041. In 1795, with a population of four 1
ami a quarter millions, we imported $69,756,268. ;
In 1800, with a population of five millions three ,
hundred thousana, we imported $91,252,768.' In
1805, we imported §120,000,000. And taking ,
twenty years, down to 1810, we have, with an
average population of five and a half millions, an
average' importation of 4,77,550,000 per annum. !
The same ratio would make our present importa-
tions about ^320,000,000; while, in fact, it wasdu-
ring the last year but little more than half that
amount; and I believe now, that if your commer-
cial restrictions were removed, your trad^ would,
in five years, reach three hundred and fifty mil-
lions per vear. And what is proposed, to remedy
this overtrading? Why, heavier taxes upon im-
ports, so that people cannot afford to buy. Thus
further controlling the private business of the citi-
zen. And as the American freeman does not know
how much to buy, what to buy, nor where to buy, '
you will take that matter off liis hands, and deter-
mine it for him. You will determine how much he
shall buy, by imposing taxes to cripple his means
ofpurahase; wlial he shall buy, by unjust and in- !
vidious discriminations; and where he shall buy, !
by your unwarrantable restrictions upon trade.
Then you would have, when all these objects are
accomplished, a splendid Government indeed,
and one that would realize the extremest wishes
of the bitterest Federalist of 1798. !
Suppose you increase your tariff for the benefit ;
of the manufacturers, will you not thereby inter- |
fere with your commercial interests ? Do you think
the merchants, the importers,and navigators, who
have invented millions in shipping, will sit quietly
by, and permit you to break up their occupations, 1
destroy their interests, and lay up their ships to .
rot in the docks ? Look at the effect of your re-1
strictions upon the navigation interests. From
1842 to 1846, under a tariff of high duties, your
total tonnage increased but some twenty-three per
cent., while from 1846 to 185(1, a period of equal
length, under low duties, it increased about thir-
ty-eight per cent. But if you look to the registered
tonnage, which it most affected by restrictions,
you will find that from 1842 to 1846 it increased
less than sixteen per cent., while from 1846 to 1850 |
it increased more than forty per cent. These facts |
show that there are other interests to be retarded
and crippled by high duties, as well as those of ■
the agriculturist and planter. And let me say to
you that, if you succeed in again putting your
"commerce under restraint, you will hear something
about " sailors' rights," as well as free trade.
But, sir, there are other considerations. Expe-
rience has taught me that so long as the revenues |
of this Government are collected by indirection,
they will be squandered without calculation. How
few reflect, when voting away the public money,
that they are putting taxes upon the people ?
Who gives that as a reason for voting against ex-
travagant appropriations ? No one ever endeavors
to bring the expenditures within the revenue—like
a squandering profligate, the only inquiry is, how
much ean we spend?—no reflection as to how
much is needed. Economy is an obselele word
here, and its force and meaning will never be un-
derstood until you are more closely watched by
the people, and they will not do that until they
pay the money which you vote away out of their
own pockets. Then they will hold you account-
able for its disbursement. YourGovernment costs
you twice as much as it ought; there is more
money foolishly and uselessly squandered than is
spent in any other way. You adroitly abstract
the money from the pockets of the people, and
you then try to convince them that they have lost
nothing, but are really better off for haviag been
relieved of so much.
Sir, who ever knew a public man condemned
for voting away the people's money? When po-
litical enemies hunt through journals to find ob-
noxious votes of members, they never cite those
given in favor of paying out the public treasures—
never; nor is it inquired whether such payment
befor a good or bad purpose—whether the amount
be great or small, or whether the Treasury be full
a.'.a overflowing, or dependent upon loans and
Treasury notes. No member is condemned who
favors expenditure. TTiose who do, become at
once " distinguished for their liberality and en-
larged views,"and their generous and noble qual-
ities. On theother hand, let votes be given against
a measure of extravagance or peculation, and
somebody will denounce them, while nobody de-
fends. Particularly is this apt to be the case if
any portion of the money voted is to go among
the constituents of the member. You passed a
bill a few days ago appropriating money for rivers
and harbors, which was carried solely by votes
obtained in consequence of appropriations in it
for expenditures in the States or districts of mem-
bers, and without which the)' would have opposed
it, and the bill would have been lost. I question
the vote of no gentleman, who from convictions
of duty supported that bill. 1 believed a most
iniquitous bill: and although it made an appropri-
ation for a river which washes eight counties of
the eleven in my district, I voted against it. The
bill gives to Illinois some sixty or seventy thou-
sand dollars—not as much as her proportion of the
axes will be, to raise the amount But had the
sum been five millions instead of what.it was, I
would never have voted for such a bill, and by
my vote sanctioned its enormities.
My constituents ask me to give no votes sanc-
tioning unjust legislation, even though they may
have a temporary or apparent interest in my doing
so. I know the position in which gentlemen are
thus placed, and know that votes were drawn for
the bill, enough to pass it, from local considera-
tions alone. Under such a state of things, is it
possible to expect any retrenchment ? Everything
tends to wasteful extravagance. There seems to
be a general scramble for the public money, and a
general desire to plunder the Treasury seems to
have seized upon Congress; and this wholly for
private ends, and not the public good. The
founders of this Republic did not legislate in this
manner—
" Fuit hasc sapientia quondam
Publics privatis secernere, (sent profani#."
It matters very little what the object is. "Aye"
is the vote now to be given on bills expending
public money by all who are running the race of
temporary popularity.
There is one thing which cannot have escaped
the notice of any gentleman, and that is, the read-
iness with which gentlemen on the other side of
the Chamber vote for every expenditure of money.
And it is not strange with their views of the tariff.
They hold that the tariff does not tax the con-
sumer. Therefore the tax is no burden upon him,
and it does him no wrong to vote away his money.
And believing also, as they do, that a high tariff
is necessary not only for protection, but to pro-
duce a large revenue, they of course will vote
away that revenue to create a necessity for a high
tariff. In many of the parliamentary proceedings
here, party leaders are depended on to indicate the
proper votes to be given; but when there is a bill
pending to scatter the public money, our Whig
friends require no leaders—they go for it in a body
by instinct.
I have said that this Government costs twice as
much as it ought. One would suppose that the
cost of thirty-one State Governments, with their
minute relations to the people, would exceed that
of the Government of the United States. But in
truth their cost, all summed up, is but about five
and a half millions of dollars—or about twenty-five
cents for each man, woman, and child—while the
Government of the United States costs us about
$45,000,000; or two dollars for each person in the
Union; or about eight times as much as all the
State Governments put together.
Now, sir, let this mode of collecting your rev-
enue be changed and apportioned among the States
as provided inthe Constitution. It will not cost you
half as much in the collection. You will save the
millions expended for custom-houses, revenue cut-
ters, and the like. Let each man pay in propor-
tion to his property; and every one would know
what his Government cost him. Then, and not
till then, will the people put an end to legalized
plunder upon the public Treasury, by watching
your vote's on the disbursement of the Government
moneys, and holding you accountable for all im-
proper appropriations.
Now, sir, let me say, in conclusion, that if you
are really desirout to promote the interests of
labor and increase relatively the wages of labor,
the proper mode to do it is to promote the general
wealth and prosperity of the country. Remo-ra
your restrictions upon trade; give your people the
market* of the world in which to sell their pft-
ducts, and the marts of the world in which to buy
what they desire; let your commerce spread itself
over the globe, bearing your productions of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts to every nation and
to every port. Break off the shackles, and you
will soon have a million of your own citizens con-
nected with your commerce and navigation. You
will quadruple your already great tonnage, both
in the coastwise and foreign trade. You will give
encouragement to ship-building, and all the me-
chanical employments connected with it. Then
will the time soon come, when American ships,
built of American oak, propelled by American
machinery or American canvas, manned by Amer-
ican sailors with American hands and hearts,
with the American flag, which has been so long
and so gloriously unfurled to the battle and the
breeze, floating aloft—will plough every wave
that roars or ripples upon the surface of the whole
sea. That will bean " American system " worthy
of the name.
Then, sir, we shall learn to use language aright,
and give words their proper meaning. We shall
cease to call "protection " what in truth is taxa-
tion. We shall cease to say that " we are de-
pendent upon the pauper labor of Europe," when
that labor relies upo  our provisions and bread-
stuffs to avert starvation. We shall cease to say
that a people who purchase $100,000,000 with
$80,000,000 are #20,000,000 worse off; and that
the more we buy and the less we pay, the poorer
we become. Then will the whole catalogue of
high tariff fallacies be gone, and a new and brighter
career of prosperity will open before us, the result
of which will be to give the American people the
possession and control of the commerce of the
world.
There is another view of this question which
calls every philanthropist, every friend to peace
and human progress, to the support of free trade.
Let the nations of the world become united by the
strong commercial ties of free trade—by the mu-
tual and unrestricted interchange of products, and
by the friendly intercourse consequent upon it,
and you have a stronger bond of peace and uni-
versal tranquillity than all the treaties that were
ever formed. You constitute not only a feeling of
friendship resulting from intimate relations, but a
bond of self-interest, the ruling principle of man-
kind. If wars have become less frequent in mod-
ern times, it is owing, in a great degree, to the in-
creased intimacy of commercial relations. Let
these relations be fully extended on the principles
of free trade, and you will no longer need the en-
tangling alliances of treaties; you will need no
congress of nations to adjust difficulties between
sovereign powers. Under such a system, few
difficulties would arise, and those would be settled
at once where parties are so' strongly interested
in doing justice, and in the avoidance of war. In
my judgment, the doctrines of free track com-
mend themselves alike to the philanthropist, the
folitical economist, and to the whole people; and
trust that, before many years, we shall test their
correctness by their practical application tn Amer-
ican commerce.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
SPEECH OF MR. HORACE MANN,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House cf Representatives,
Friday, February 28, 1851.
Delivered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. MANN said:
Mr. Chairman: Some time ago I prepared a
' few comments upon those prominent measures of
the last session, which have since arrested the at-
tention of all the lovers of constitutional liberty,
and of moral and religious men, throughout the civ-
ilized world. I am unwilling to suffer this session
to close without expressing the reflections I have
I formed; because I deem it but a reasonable desire
! that my opinions should be placed upon the rec-
