1851.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Reps.
Gospel of Love and Human Brotherhood. Once [
again, they defied the vengeance of that God who i j
is no respecter of persons, and who will bring the
sinner to judgment. If such measures are to be
"Jinal," in this sense only do I accept the propo-
sition,—that they are to be the last of their kind;
that here, at this point, the career of this iniquity >
is to be stayed; that here, the confederated powers
of ambition and of wealth,—of those who aspire
to office, and of those who lust for gold, have won
their last victory. In this sense only do I accept
the President's declaration, that the action of the
last Congress on this subject is to be deemed
Jinal;—that in all future conflicts the right shall
not be trampled under foot, but the victims of
oppression shall triumph. Base as human nature
often proves itself to be, it sometimes manifests a
divine resilience, by which it springs with recu-
perative energy from its guilty fall.
I draw no augury of despair from the calamity
that has befallen us. It teaches whatever there
is of virtue and of principle in mankind, the task
which has been set them to do, and whose accom-
plishment God will require at their hands.
It has been said by the Secretary of State, in a
late speech, that if this subject be reopened in
Congress, the friends of freedom will be found in I
a " lean and miserable minority." What cares my |
conscience, sir, whether I am in a minority or a ma- j
jority, if I am right ? Has any great and glorious
cause ever been started upon earth, that did not find
itself, at the outset, in a minority ? Did Clarkson
and Wilberforce open their twenty years contest
with a majority; or were not all the office-seekers,
and mammon-worshippers opposed to them ? Did
the resistance of the revolutionary patriots to the
Government of Great Britain start with a majority
on its side? Did the Pilgrim Fathers resist con-
formity to ecclesiastical oppression because they
were a majority of the people? Did the glorious
band of Reformers count on majorities when they
defied the racks and the flames of Rome ? What
would now be our condition if the prophets and
heroes of olden days, if the warriors for truth and
the martyrs of liberty had yielded to so base an
argument as this, and had followed the multitude
to do evil, instead of battling for the truth, though
it were solitary and alone? lean conceive of but
one effect which such a sentiment must produce
upon all noble and truth-loving men. It is to make
them labor for the right with a zeal commensurate
with the infinite baseness of the appeal by which
they are urged to abandon it.
But I come now, Mr. Chairman, to the main
-topic of my remarks, which is a consideration of
the character of the fugitive slave law, passed on
the 18th day of September last.
The objections most generally urged against
this law are of two kinds:
1st. That it is unconstitutional; and,
2d. That, even if the framers of the Constitu-
tion did leave an unguarded opening, through
which such a law could be introduced without a
breach in the structure of that instrument, still,
that it is a cruel law, that it discards all those
principles of evidence and forms of proceeding
which have been devised by the wisdom of ages
for the protection of innocence against power, and
that in its whole scope and spirit, it is in conflict
■tfith our fundamental ideas of human liberty.
It will be seen by this statement, that I here ac-
cept the Constitution according to its commonly-
received interpretation. There is a class of de-
fenders of this law whom I wish to meet on their
own ground. I do not, therefore, object here to
the Constitution as they understand it, but to the
law. However much a man may reverence the
Constitution, though he may make it an idol and
worship it, yet I mean to show him that this law
is an unholy thing in its presence. I object, then, to
the law as a departure from the Constitution,—not
as a departure towards despotism merely, but into
despotism. Admitting, what many deny, that
when the Constitution speaks of "personsheld to
service or labor," it means slaves, and admitting
that it provides for their reclamation when it says
they " shall be delivered up on claim," I still im-
peach the fugitive slave law for high crimes and
misdemeanors against the spirit ana the letter of
that instrument.
On the question of the Constitutionality of this
law, the legal mind of the country is divided. It
may not be easy to distribute opinions correctly,
on this point, into their proper classes, and to de-
cide upon their relative preponderance. If we
include slaveowners and those whose pecuniary
interests connect them directly with slavery, and
especially if to these we add a strong party who,
from political associations and hopes, have surren-
dered themselves to a pro-slavery policy, perhaps
the number, if not the weight, of opinion is in fa-
vor of the constitutionality of the law. But if we
gather the opinions of disinterested and unbiased
men, of those who have no money to make or of-
fice to hope for through the triumph of the law,
then I think the preponderance of opinion is deci-
dedly the other way. I know it has been said by
one proqjinent individual, that he hag heard of no ,
man whose opinion was worth regarding who de-
nied the constitutionality of the law. Now, as it
is a fact universally known that gentlemen who 1
have occupied and adorned the highest judicial sta-
tions in their respective States, together with many
of the ablest lawyers in the whole country, have
expressed opinions against the constitutionality of i
this law, I have but a single word of reply to a |
declaration so arrogant and insolent as this. That
reply is, that on a great moral and political, as !
well as legal question,—a question that connects
itself with ethics as well as with partisan politics, [
with the success of old parties or the formation of {
new ones,—integrity is as necessary to the forma- j
tion of a sound opinion as intelligence.
I think, however, that one further remark should '
in candor be made, in regard to the difference of
opinions held by honest men on this subject. The
constitutionality or unconstitutionality of the fugi- ,
tive slave law is not a question to be determined
solely by any single and simple provision of the
fundamental law. Numerous clauses in the Con-
stitution have a bearing upon it.' It connects it-
self with contemporaneous history. It presents a
case where commentators and expounders must
appeal to precedents and analogies, and to gen-
eral principles respecting the nature of government
and the object of all law. It is therefore a ques-
tion of construction and interpretation. And,
what is a more important consideration still, it
belongs emphatically to that class of cases where
men who have been trained under one class of in-
I stitutions, and whose minds have been moulded
and shaped by the universal prevalence of one
j: set of opinions, and one course of practice, may
j! honestly come to one conclusion, while those who
ji have grown up under adverse opinions and an
; i adverse practice,—or rather, into whose minds ad-
> verse opinions and adverse practices have grown,
1 until they have become a part of the very sub-
!' stance, of those minds,—may honestly come to an
opposite conclusion. We know, too, that in ad-
dition to the powerful influences of education and
training, the general-cast and structure of men's
t minds predispose them to take one side or the
other of great political and religious questions,
i Natural biases operate like a law of gravitation
to sway different minds in different directions,
i When, therefore, a southern gentleman, into
whose perceptions and reasonings and moral sen-
| timents, the facts and the creed of slavery have
I been incorporating themselves ever since he was'
1 born, tells me that he believes even such a law as
I i this to be constitutional, I can still concede the ful-
■ ness of his integrity, however strongly I may dis-
: sent from the soundness of his opinion. It is a
! law that might be held constitutional by a bench
of slaveholders, while it would be held unconstitu-
tional by all the inhabitants of a free land. It is
a law that might be held valid by the courts of
Austria, while it would be held invalid by those
of England. It is a law which the judges of
i Westminster Hall might have held valid in the
time of the Stuarts, which they might and proba-
! bly would have held invalid in the eighteenth cen-
tury, and, in the nineteenth century, would cer-
tainly have reprobated and annulled.
1 My own opinion is, in view of the great princi-
ples of civil liberty, out of which the Constitution
grew, and which it was designed to secure, that
; this law cannot be fairly and legitimately support-
ed on constitutional grounds. I express this
opinion because, after having formed it with care-
ful deliberation, I am now bound to speak from it,
and to act from it. I have read every argument
and every article in defence of the law that I
could find, from whatever source emanating.
Nay, I have been more anxious to read the argu-
ments made in its favor than the argumaits
! against it;- and I think I have seen a sound l^al
answer to all the former. As for any arrogant or
supercilious dictum, either that the law is constitu-
tional or that it is not constitutional, unaccompa-
nied by any reason or any reference, all reflecting
men must regard it as sheer insolence, come from
what quarter it may.
Even should the Supreme Court of the United
States declare the law to be constitutional, then,
though we must acknowledge their decision, as to
the point decided, to be the law of the land, until
it is set aside, yet, without any disrespect to that
tribunal, we may still adhere to our former opin-
ion. We know how that Court is constituted.
A majority of its members are from slaveholding
States. Independent, too, of all other consider-
ations, they will feel a strong desire to maintain a
former opinion, which was also given when a
majority of its judges were from the South. We
may, therefore, place our dissent on grounds
J which, two years ago, when the " Clayton com-
! promise," so called, was under discussion, were
' so well stated by a distinguished Senator from
Ohio, (Mr. Corwin,)—grounds perfectly respectful
on our part, and not derogatory to them. He
i said:
j " It is a sad commentary upon the perfection of human
1 reason, that, with but few exceptions, gentlemen coming
from a slave State * * all eminent lawyers on this flenr
from that section of the country, have agreed that you have
no right to prohibit the introduction of slavery into Oregon,
California, and New Mexico; while, on the other hand,
there is not a man, with few exceptions, (and some highly
respectable,) in the free States, learned or unlearned, cler-
ical or lay, who has any pretensions to legal knowledge,
but believes in his conscience that you have a right to pro-
hibit slavery. * * How is that? Can I have confidence
in the Supreme Court of the United States, when my con-
fidence fails in Senators around me here? Do I expect
that the member$ of that body will be more careful than
the Senators from Georgia and South Carolina to form
their opinion* without any regard to telfiih contidera- '
tions?"
Besides, the Supreme Court have already, as I
will show, decided certain points in such a way
that, if they maintain the fugitive slave law, they
will be obliged to overrule those points; and it is
as creditable to them to suppose they will over-
rule their decision in Prigg's case, as to suppose
they will overrule other decisions in other cases.
In the first place, I believe the Constitution not
only authorizes but requires a trial by jury, in the
case of alleged fugitive slaves, when claimed in
j free States.
The Constitution declares, " The right of the
people to be secure in their persons," " against
; unreasonable" " seizures, shall not be violated;
and no warrant shall issue but upon probable
cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particu-
i larly describing" " the persons or things to be
seized."—Jtmt., Art. IV.
■It also declares, that " In suits atcommon law,
where the value in controversy shall exceed
twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be
preserved."—Amt.,Art. VII.
And it also says: " No person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due process of
law."—(Jtmt., Art. V.) And it is most important
; to observe that these words,, "due process of
law," are held by all the authorities to include the
trial by jury.—3 Story's Com., 661; 2 Inst., 50, 51;
2 Kent's Com., 10; 1 Tucker's Black., App.,30i-'5.
That there may be no doubt about the meaning
■ and force of these words, I quote the following
passage from Chancellor Kent:
ft It may be received as a self-evident proposition, uni-
versally understood and acknowledged throughout this
country, that no person can be taken or imprisoned, or dis-
seized of his freehold, or liberties, or estate, or exiled, or
condemned, or deprived of life, liberty, or property unless
by the law of the land, or the judgment of his peers. The
words, by the law of the land, as used in Magna Charta, in
reference to this subject, are understood to mean due pro-
cess of law. That is, by indictment or presentment of good
and lawful men."—2 Com. 13.
Now in most of the cases which will arise, under
the fugitive slave law, there will be a seizure under
a warrant; and in all the cases, the questions both
of property and of liberty will necessarily be in-
volved. In every case, the claimant will aver prop-
erty in the respondent, and will seek to deprive
him of his liberty. The respondent will deny the
claim of property, and will seek to retain his lib-
erty.
