940
31st Cong 2d Sess.
APt £NDtX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann of Massachusetts.
[Feb. 9P,
Ho. of Reps.
Now, suppose a man to have lived in Boston or
New York for twenty years; to liave contracted
marriage; to have bought and sold; to have hired I
hwiself out to others, and to have hired others to
serve him; to have pleaded and been impleaded in
the courts; to have voted at elections, and to be, I
m all respects, as free by the constitutions of Mas-
sachusetts and New \ ork as the Governors of
those States themselves; and suppose further, that
this man is suddenly seized and taken before a
commissioner, to be adjudged the property of
another man like himself, with no chance of revis-
ing the decision, or of having a new trial, to be
placed in duress, and to be transported by force,
and against his will, to a distant State, under a
claim that he is a slave, and an adjudication that
such claim is true;—suppose all this, I say, and
then answer me this simple question, Has or has
not such a man been "deprived of his liberty?"
In other words, does such a man retain his lib-
erty ? As he is borne away by force, and against
prayers, and tears, and struggles, does he remain
free? Can a man be adjudged a slave; held, co-
erced, beaten as a slave; with all his powers and
faculties of body and ruind subdued and controlled
as a slave's, and yet possess or retain liberty? If
such a proceeding does not deprive a man of his
freedom, by what means can he be deprived of it ? '
What more would you do to deprive him of it:
Would binding him out to service for life deprive
him of it' This declares that he owes service for
life. Would imprisonment deprive him of it?
This imprisons him, and makes the man his
keeper who is interested to make that imprison-
ment perpetual in himself, and descendable to his
children. I
Is not perpetual imprisonment of the nature and
substance of punishment,—of the severest pun-
ishment? The Constitution has provided that
"cruel and unusual punishments shall not be in-
flicted," even for the perpetration of the worst of
crimes; yet here is a case where the most cruel of
punishments, or of privations, may be inflicted
without even a charge of crime. And the argu-
ment is, that this form of punishment may consti- J
tutionally be inflicted, because it was so incon-
ceivably atrocious and diabolical, that the Consti-
tution did not prohibit it,—because the Constitution
only prohibited " cruel and unusual punishments"
for crimes, and not for having a dark skin.
Does any one say that a victim of this law has
not been "deprived "of his liberty, because he
may sue for it, and possibly recover it, in the 1
courts of the State to which he is carried? Ire-
ply, that it would be just as good an answer to
say, that he may possibly recover his liberty by
escape, or possibly his master may emancipate
him, or possibly a St. Domingo insurrection may
break out, or possibly the walls of his prison-house
maybe shaken down by an earthquake, and he!
may go forth like I'aul and Silas; and therefore |
he is not deprived of his liberty by being enslaved. I
Neither of these events would have the slightest
lejral relation to the proceedings which did enslave
him. Neither of them \ ouldl>e retroactive, undo-
ing or annulling the past. Enslavement and lib- !
erty being incompatible, when he suffers the first,
though but for an hour, he is deprived of the last.
The moment he should arrive within the limits of
a slave State, that moment he would be in the same
condition as three million other fellow-bondmen;
and it would be just as rational to say that they
have never been deprived of liberty as that he has
not. When our Government made war upon Al-
giers, ransoming American captives from their hor-
rible bondage and restoring tlieni to their homes,
did it annihilate the preexisting fact that they had
been enslaved? Did it enable or authorize the histo-
rian to say that they had never been deprived of their
liberty? Had Algiers been " reannexed," as one
of the States of this Union, could she have said,
"We have not broken the constitution, because
these men are free again? I affirm then, that when
a man in Massachusetts, who by the constitution
of Massachusetts is free, is ad judged to be a slave,
is transported as a slave, and held as a slave, in a
southern State, though it be but for a single day, he
it deprived of his liberty. That very thing is
done to him which the Constitution says shall not
be done but by a jury of his peers.
But a question of property is involved as well
as a question of liberty. " In suits at common law,
where the value in controversy shall exceed twen- 1
ty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be pre-
; served."
Now, sir, in regard to this important clause m
the Constitution, 1 propose to demonstrate the
three following propositions:
First: The claim, made before a competent ma-
gistrate, for a "person held to service or labor,"
is, in view of this constitutional provision, a
"suit."
Second: It is a "suit at common law."
Third: It is a suit at common law " where the
value in controversy exceeds twenty dollars."
As a law -term, the lexicographers define the
word "suit" to mean "an action or process for
the recovery of a right or claim; legal application
to a court for justice; prosecution of right before
any tribunal; as, a civil s^dt, a criminal su-it, a
suit in chancery.''
Blackstone says, "In England, the several suits,
or remedial instruments ofjustice,are distinguished
into three heads,—actions personal, real, and
■ mixed."
" Suit" comes from " secta," and secta from se-
quor; and the phrase "to bring suit," denoted
anciently, to bring secta,—followers, or witnesses,
to prove the plaintiff's demand. The scope of the
1 word is now enlarged, so that it embraces the
written forms by which an action is instituted, as
well as the proof which sustains it.
We are not, however, confined to the authority I
of the dictionary. The Supreme Court, in the ,
case of Cohens vs. Virginia, C Wheat. 407, where
this very word " suit," as it occurs in the Consti-
tution, was the subject of consideration, defined it ;
as follows: li
j " What is a stiil 1 We understand it to be the prosecu- 1 i
| tion, or pursuit, of some claim, demaud, or request. In
law language, it is the prosecution of some demand in a
1 court ot justice. ' The remedv for every species of wrong,
is,' says Judge Blaekstoue, ' the being put in possession of
that right whereof the party injured is deprived.' The ui-
1 struinents whereby this remedy is obtained, are a diversity
of suits and actions, which are defined by the Mirror to tie
'the lawful demand of one's right;' or, as Bracton and
Fletaexpress it, in the words of Justinian, ' ju-* prosequen-
>li in judicio quod alicui debetur(the form of prosecuting
in trial, or judgment, what is due to any one.) Blackstone
then proceeds to describe every species of remedy by suit;
and they are all cases where the party suing claims to obtain
something to which he lias a right.
" To commence a suit, is to demand something by the in-
stitution of process in a court of justice ; and to piosecute
the suit, is, according to the common acceptation of lan-
guage, to continue that demand."
Now let me take the different clauses of this
definition, and see if every one of them does hot
necessarily include the demand made by a slave-
claimant against the alleged slave.
"We understand a suit," say the court, "to
be the prosecution or pursuit of some claim, de-
mand, or request." Here, then, according to the
Supreme Court, a suit is thte prosecution of some
claim; and, according to the \ery letter of the Con-
stitution, the fugitive slave is to be delivered up, 1
on claim. The slave, then, can be constitutionally
and legally "delivered up" in no other way than
" on claim," by "suit."
Again, say the court: "In law language, it [a
suit] is the prosecution of some demand in a court
of justice." When legal process is instituted for
the recovery of a slave, is it not the prosecution
of a demand? And will any 4tne be rash enough
to say that a man ostensibly free,—free according
to all legal presumption,-—can be " deli\ered"o\ er
to bondage for life, without the intervention of "a
court of justice?"
To proceed with the opinion of the court: "The
Mirror defines a suit to be 'The lawful demand of 1
one's right;' or, as Bracton and Fleta express it,
in the words of Justinian, it is the power of pros-
ecuting in trial, or judgment, what is due to any
one." Here service is alleged to be due;and the
one who is said to owe that service is " prose-
cuted by trial and judgment" that he may render
the service claimed.
"To commence a suit is to demand something
by the institution of process in a court of justice;
and to prosecute the suit is, according to the com-
mon acceptation of language, to continue that
demand." In appealing to a court for the pos-
session of an alleged fugitive, is not something
"demanded?" And what is the warrant that
is issued for his arrest but the " institution of
process ?"
If any one, then, will show that a " claim" for
an alleged fugitive, by process of law, to be fol-
lowed up by proof in support of the claim, and to
be consummated by judgment, is not a "suit,"
he must show that it is not " the prosecution or
pursuit of a claim;" he must show that it is not
41 the prosecution of some demand in a court of
justice;" he must show that it is not " the lawful
demand of one's right;" nor " the power of prose-
cuting in trial or judgment;" and finally, he must
show that it is not " to demand something by the
institution of process in a court of justice," and
then " to continue that demand" until judgment
is rendered for or against hnn.
But should the claimant of a fugitive slave show
any one of these things, he would show himself
the way out of court.
And this brings me to the second proposition,
namely:
The claim for a person " held to service or la-
bor" is, in view of the Constitution, a " mil at
cmnmon law."
In a decision bearing directly on the right to a
trial by jury, the Supreme Court has defined the
phrase "suits at common law, "in special reference
to its meaning in the seventh amendment to the
Constitution, where the right to such trial, "in
suits at common law," is secured. These are their
words:
" It is well known, that in chil causes, in courts of equity
and admiralty, juries do not intervene ; and that courts of
equity use the trial by jury only in extraordinary cases, to
inform the conscience of the court. When, therefore, we
find that the f7th] amendment requires, that the right ot
trial by jury shall be preserved in suits at common law, the
natural conclusion is, that this distinction was present to
| the minds of the fraiuers of the amendment. By common
law they meant, what the Constitution denominated in the
i third article c lawnot merely suits, which the common
law recognized among its old and settled proceedings ; but
suit?., in which le°al rights were to be ascertained and de-
termined. in comiadistinchon to those m which equitable
rights alone were recognized, and equitable remedies were
administered, or in which, as in the admiralty, a mixture of
public law, and of maritime law and equity, was often
found in the same suit. Probably there were few, if any,
Plates in the Union,in which some new legal remedies, dif-
fering trom the old common law forms, were not in use ;
but in which, however, the trial by jury intervened, and
the general regulations, in other respects, were according to
the course of the common law. Proceedings in cases' of
partition, and of foreign and domestic attachment, might be
cited, as examples variously adopted and modified. In a
just seme, the amendment, then, may well le construed to
embrace all suits, which are not of equity or admiralty ju-
risdiction, WHATEVER MAYBE THE PECCLIAR FORM WHICH
THEY MAY ASSUME TO SETTLE LEOAI. RIGHTS."—Pun-oni
vs. Bedford,3 Peters' Rtp., 456-^17.
Here the court say, that the term " common
law," in the seventh amendment, meant what the
Constitution denominated in the third article,
•Maw." The word "law," which is here re-
ferred to, as contained in the third article, occurs
in the following sentence: " The judicial power
' shall extend to all cases, in laic and equity, aris-
' ing under this Constitution, the laws of the Uni-
' ted States," &c. And the court declare that the
constitutional right to a jury trial embraces " not
' merely suits, which the common law recognized
'among its old and settled proceedings, but suits
' in which legal rights were to bo ascertained and
'determined," in contradistinction from equity
and admiralty cases.
And in the last sentence of the decision quoted,
the court expressly say, that the seventh amend-
ment embraces " all suits ichich are not of equity or
admiraliUj jurisdiction, whatever may be the
peculiar form whith they may assume to set-
tle legal rights." The court say "all."
After excepting cases of equity and admiralty juris-
diction, they declare that the phrase "suits at
common law" embraces all the rest. They recog-
•ize no hybrid class, not included under one or
another of these heads.
Now it has been proved above, that a warrant
for the arrest of an alleged fugitive, together with
the allegations and proofs under it, constitute a
"suit." Andean anything be more clear, than
that a proceeding which decides the issue, whether
a man "owes" or does not "owe;" which decides
the issue, whether a man has "escaped" or has
not "escaped;" and which, as the legal conse-
quence of these decisions, delivers one man into
the custody of another as his slave, or enlarges
one man from the custody of another because he
is not his slave, is, " whatever peculiah form it may
assume," a proceeding "to settle a legal right,"
