1851.]
APPEPtDtX It) THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
243
31st Cong 2d Skss.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Marm, of Massachusetts.
Ho. or Reps.
a fair interpretation of the Constitution does not
secure the jury trial, in every free State to an al-
leged fugitive, and empower aim to demand it as
• matter of right.
But this is a strange question to discuss in a re-
publican government. The proper question is, not
whether the Constitution expVessly demands the
jury trial, but whether it will, by any fair implica-
tion, mlto  it. The only point which a republican
judge or citizen can, with decency, make on this
subject is: Does the Constitution forbid, prohibit,
deny, such trial ?—for, if it does not, then the jury
should be granted of course. In a Tree country,
under a free government, where the idea has be-
come traditional, where the doctrine has become a
household doctrine, that the trial by jury is*the
palladium of our civil and religious liberties, is it
not amazing that we shfftild find men who seem
eager to avoid this form of trial, rather than zeal-
ous to grasp it? It is the saddest of spectacles; it
argues the most mournful degeneracy, to see the
children at this early day, from groveling notions
of ambition and of wealth, abandoning those noble
principles of freedom, for which their fathers so
lately shed their blood. Wherever the Constitu-
tion allows the trial by jury, in a matter of human
liberty, in Heaven's name, let us have it. Let
Russia and Austria curtail and deny this privilege
of freemen; let the tyrant, and the tyrant's min-
ions among ourselves, explore the musty records
of darker times, to find precedents against it; let
them strive, by their shallow sophistries and plaus-
ibilities, to gloss over this ravishing of liberty and
life from beings created in the image of God; but
let every true Republican, whenever, in the dis-
posal of these momentous interests, the Constitu-
tion will, by fair construction, sanction it, cling to
the trial by jury, as to the only plank that will
save him,—aye, the only one that will save the hu-
man race,—from being again ingulfed in the vortex
of despotism. The enemy of the trial by jury,
wherever human liberty is concerned, is the ene-
my of human liberty and of the human race. The
friends of a repeal of this law, then, need not dis-
cuss the question whether the Constitution does
expressly confer the right of trial by jury upon the
alleged fugitive, for it is enough for them if the
Constitution does not take it away.
It is worthy of remark, that in both of the bank-
rupt laws passed by the United States, it was
expressly provided, that when the commissioners
•hotfld declare any person to be a bankrupt, he
should have the right to a trial by jury to annul
their decision. T^hus when the law proposed, not
to appropriate a man's property, but merely to
enable his creditors to receive it in payment of
their debts, the jury trial was secured to him; but
here, where the direct purpose is to strip a man of
his liberty, and of his property in himself, the jury
final is denied.
This seems an appropriate place to consider the
further irrelevant suggestion, sdmetlraes obtruded,
namely, that an alleged fugitive is not deprived of
a trial by jury, because he may have it in the State
to which he is carried.
Here, the pro-slaverr advocate admits, at least
for rikgument's sake, that the alleged fugitive has
a right, at some time and somewhere, to the jury
trial. If so, then there are numerous and power-
fit! reasons why this trial should be had in the
State in which he is found, rather than in that to
which he may be transported.
1. Slaves are held to be personal property.
Trover lies for their value where they have been
' unlawfully converted. Trespass is the remedy
for an injury to them. According to the laws of
all the slave States, they are the subject of larceny.
Suits to recover them, or to recover damages for
an injury done to them, are personal actions; and,
in personal actions, it is required by all the prece-
dents and all the analogies of the common law,
that the action should be tried in the jurisdiction
where the writ is served. By the common law
personal actions are transitory. They are to be
brought where the defendant resides; or, at least,
where the property which is claimed lies. In the
case of an alleged -slave, both the defendant and
the property are where ke is found. According to
the -usages and principles of the common law,
therefore, the trial should be there.
2. Before trial and judgment, the parties are
like any other parties before the court, or they
j! should be so. The claimant stands upon the mer-
its of his claim; the respondent upon those of his
defence. It may be inconvenient for a Texan
claimant to prove his right to an alleged fugitive
in Massachusetts; but it will be indefinitely more
inconvenient for a citizen of Massachusetts to
prove his freedom in Texas. If the trial is in
Massachusetts, and the plaintiff prevails, he takes
immediate possession of his slave, and is invested
at once witn all the rights which the rigors of the
slave law so abundantly give. But if the trial is
in Texas, whither the defendant has been forcibly
exiled, and there ht prevails, who is to reimburse
or recompense him for his intermediate bondage;
for being dragged from his home; torn from wife,
children, and friends; for being plunged, perhaps
for years, into the hell of slavery itself, with all
the untold agonies of an apprehended slavery for
life? |
What Judge Story says respecting a trial for ;
crime, applies with full force to a trial for liberty.
" The object of this clause," says he, " is to secure
the party accused from being dragged to a trial in
some distant State, away from his friends, and
witnesses, and neighborhood. Besides this," he
'continues, " a trial in a distant State or Territory
might subject the party to the most oppressive ex-
penses, or perhapd even to the inability of procur-
ing the . proper witnesses to establish his inno-
cence." (3 Cot*. 654.) For " innocence" read lib-
erty, and the argument in behalf of the alleged
criminal, becomes applicable to the alleged fugitive.
And why should the alleged fugitive be treated
less mercifully than the alleged felon ?
If the trial, then, is where all the practice and
, principles of the common law indicate that it should ,
, be, no great or irreparable injury is done; no in-
eonveitience even is suffered oeyond that which is
always suffered in enforcing a claim in a foreign
, and distant Jurisdiction. But if a freeman is car-
(ried away, a grievous and intolerable wrong is
i done; a wound is inflicted which mortal medica-
ments cannot heal, nor the longest continued pun-
ishment of the malefactor ever expiate.
3. By transferring the trial to the place of theclaim-
ant's domicil, an effective, and,as it seems to me,
a most iniquitous advantage is given him, in re-
gard to evidence, while the respondent is subject-
ed to cruel disabilities. By the laws of all but
one or two of the slave States, persons of African
descent, whether slave or free, are declared incom-
petent witnesses against white men. The free-
; man, then, by being removed as a fugitive into a
j slave State, may lose his evidence, which, under
• such circumstances, is the loss of his liberty.
This violation, therefore, of the principles of tne
common law, in regard to the place of trial, is, to
'him, of the most momentous consequence. It is
not true, then, in any just sense, that the trial by
jury is still " preserved" to the alleged fugitive,
notwithstanding his removal to a slave State. The
common law trial, as inclusive of the right to ad-
duce commoirlaw evidence, is not "preserved." j
4. But not only is the evidence different, but, in ;
some of the slave States, the law itself is different; j
so that one man may carry another by foree into
a jurisdiction where the law will account him a
slave, when, had he been tried where he was
found, the law would declare him free,—the facts
in both cases being the same.
Take the law of Kentucky, for instance,—and I
refer to this State because its slave code is of a
milder type than that of most of the southern
States, its dreadful rigors being mitigated by an
infusion of more humanity.
By the laws of Kentucky, a master may carry
a slave in transitu, through a free State, or he
may allow his slave to go temporarily into a free
State, without a forfeiture of the legal right to hold
him. Graham vs. Strader & Gorman, 5 Ben.
Munroe, 173, (1844;) Davis t> . Tingle et al., 8Ben.
Munroe, 545, (1848;) Collins vs. America, 9 Ben.
Munroe, 565, (1849;) Bushe's Reps. vs. White, 3
Munroe, 104; Rankin vs. Lydia, 2 A. K. Marshall,
468, (1820.)
In Massachusetts certainly, and I suppose in
most of the northern States, all such cases would
be decided in favor of the respondent.*
* Such also U the law In Louisiana. Bee Loui  vt.
I M&rot, 9 Louis. Re., 473; Smifb w. Smith, 13 Louis. Be.,
i 441. i
Now, what greater outrage can be inflicted upon
a man than to seize, and bind, and carry him into a
foreign jurisdiction, where not only is the evidence
different by which his rights may be proved, but
where the law also is different, by which his
rights are to be adjudicated. In Holland, the
killing of a stork once was, if it be not now, pun-
ishable with death; because this bird devours the
animals that would otherwise bore through and
undermine its ocean-barring dikes. In a neigh-
boring country, the killing of a stork may not be
merely blameless, but praiseworthy. What an
atrocity it would be to seize a man in the latter
country, and carry him to Holland to be tried
and executed for doing an act which, according to
the law of the place where he had a right to be
tried, may have been not only innocent, but laud-
able ! I leave you, sir, to make the application.
5. But what must shock every man who pos-
sesses a
liberty,
on whic
slave law, the plaintiff gets possession and control
not only of the chattel, or article of property
claimed, but of the defendant himself. He gets
command, not only of the thing in litigation, out
of the body and soul of the litigant. A Boston or
New York merchant would consider it a grievous
hardship, if a southern adventurer could go there
and seize upon all his property, transport it to
Mobile, or New Orleans, and compel the owner to
follow it and try title to it, in the place of the cap-
tor's domicil. Still more grievous would the hard-
ship become, if, under the new jurisdiction, the
defendant might be deprived of the evidence which,
at home, would be decisive of his rights, or find
himself controlled by adverse laws which he never
had helped to frame. But what an extreme of
barbarous tyranny would it be, if, beyond all these
enormities, the southern plaintiff could seize him
too,—the defendant himself,—the alleged debtor,-—
and grasp him in his own iron hand, obtainingsu-
preme control over his body by force, and over his
mind by fear; could command his powers of loco-
motion, so that he could go only where the will of
his master would permit; could control his speech
and his vision, so that he could consult with no
counsel, and could see no friend but such aB were
in his master's-pay; and,to enforce his authority,
could imprison nim, and starve him, and scourge
him, and mutilate him, if he but so much as uttered
a whisper that he had aright to have a trial by
his country, or breathed an audible prayer to God
to breidc the fetters of his iniquitous bondage.
To tamper with the witnesses of the adverse par-
ty, or endeavor to suborn his counsel to violate
their duty to their client, is nort only an act of the
grossest baseness, but would subject the offender
to penal retribution. Yet what need would there
ever be of corrupting witnesses or suborning coun-
sel, if a party could get bodily possession and
absolute control of his antagonist himself ?
Does iu)t every one see that, in ninety-nine cases
in a hundred, a control over the defendant's person
and will would be a control over his case ? His
rights would be lost in his enforced disability to
defend them. You might as well put out a man's
eyes, and then talk of his right in the common
sunlight. In Baltimore, or Louisville, a kidnapped
freeman might find an opportunity of self-redemp-
tion; but such a captive will never be carried to
Baltimore or Louisville. He will be sent to some
interior region, perhaps fifty miles from any court,
or the residence of any counsel, where ne may
never have an opportunity to speak to a white man
unless it be to a taskmaster, who is paid to guard
and to silence him.
The authors of the Federalist deemed the prin-
ciple of excluding an interested party from all power
ofdeciding his own cause, to be so important, that
they laid down the following doctrine: " No man
ought certainly to be a judge in his own cause, or
in any cause, in respect to which he has the least
interest or bias."—No. 80. Yet the only chance
which the fugitive slave law allows to a freeman,
when carried into bondage, is that which he may
exercise, while under the absolute control of his
robber master.
But more than this. The law imposes no obli-
gation upon the claimant to carry his victim to the
State he is charged to have escaped from. A man
oharged to have escaped from Texas may be car>
