1851.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
S45
- —- " v  _____————— ■
31st Cons 2d Srss. The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts.
Ho. or Reps.
jurisdiction over such a w case," is Tested with a |i
part of the "judicial" power of the United States, j
In defining the worn " case" as it occurs in this
article, Jud^e Story says:
" It is rk w thnt the jvdicial department U anthemed to
exernw jurisdiction to the full extent of the Constitution,
Ur , ami trtitiw of the UiilwJ wkenetrr «*y f«es-
him nsftttimg tJum *Aall osmaM tuck m /arm, iAat ju-
dicial wir+T is taptblt of acting upon A. When it has as-
sumed such a (brio, it then becomes m co*«."—3 Comm.,
507.
" A c*Mf then, ia the mw ol' this ela«*e of the Consti-
tttiitm, an**, when so e subject touching the Constitution,
laws, or treaties of the Cnitett Stales, U submitted to the
courts by a pan^ who asserts his rights in the form pre-
scribed br law."—JMrf.
And as if these definitions were not clear enough,
the learned judge adds:
" I'un ah*in* under the intra of the United States are
inch u frow out of the iegitivlion of Coerress, within the
•rape at their nanintimtt authority, whether they con-
stitute the right, or or rtaim, or protection, or
dtfenee of the" forty,   «•* ou or ia part, fry urkom then are
oiwiM."—3 Comm., 308.
It seen is clear, then, that the proceedings au-
thorized by the fugitive slave law cannot be taken
out of the meaning of the word " cases," (cases
in law and equity,) in the third article.
There is another clause in the third article which
embraces these proceedings with equal clearness
and certainty. "The judicial power shall extend
to controversies'* "between a State and citizens
of another State." I suppose it will not be denied
that a slaTe State may itself own slaves. They may
escheat to it, be taken in execution for debt, &c.
Now, a free citizen of Massachusetts may enter
the port of Charleston as a mariner, be seized, im-
prisoned, and then sold into slavery for non-pay-
ment of jail fees. The State of South Carolina
may purchase him. He may escape and return
to Massachusetts. South Carolina may then claim
him under this fugitive slave law.
In such a condition of things a "controversy"
viU exist between "a State and a citizen of another
State." The commissioner can take jurisdiction ;
of that case as well as of any other. And who
will be bold enough to say that a trial and judg-
ment by him, delivering up the respondent to
bondase, would not be the exercise of "judicial
power" in a controversy between " a State and a
citizen of another State?"
The argument that if the commissioners under
the fugitive slave law exercise "judicial power,"
then masters in chancery, commissioners of bank-
ruptcy, and so forth, exercise it, is answered by
a word.
Masters in chancery assist the court in prepar-
ing questions for decision, but they decide nothing.
Every act of theirs may be reheard and reexamine*]
by the court at the pleasure of either party. They
enter up no judgment; they issue no execution.
They may express the opinion that the plaintiff or
defendant is entitled to recover a certain sum of
money or to recover the chattel in dispute; but
neither of them can touch it. They are "judges"
in no legitimate sense. They exercise no part of
the "judicial power." The court may call upon
them to state an account between parties, as it
calls upon a clerk to make up the record, or a
servitor to bring a law book, or asks a friend to
cast up the interest on a promissory note. Such
are the functions of a master in chancery, whose
acts have no legal validity until assented to J y the
parties or sanctioned by the court.
So with regard to commissioners of bankruptcy.
Every act they were ever authorized to perform
derived all its legal force from the consent of the
parties, or from the verdict of a jury, before whom
it had been contested, or from the judgment of the
court,—as may be seen at a glance, by reference
to the acts creating them.
.As to the supposed " judicial power" exercised
by commissioners tinder a treaty to determine who
are rightful claimants, and to how much each one
is entitled, it is almost too obvious to remark* that
as no citizen can bring " suit" against the Gov-
ernment, the "judicial power" does not " extend"
to such a ease, and the suggestion is puerile.
A word more will close my remarks on this
topic. We have seen that a decision of the com-
missioner adverse to the respondent, delivers him
c£fr into absolute, unconditional slavery. But the
prevalent opinion is, that a decision in the re-
spondent's favor is no bar to a subsequent trial
of the same person on a new "claim." It was
actually held in Long's case, in New York, where
the claimant apprehended that the decision of the
commissioner would be against him, that he might
abandon proceedings before that tribunal and re-
sort to another. He did so, and prevailed. That
is, the claimant may select from among an inde-
finite number of irresponsible magistrates, the one
whose ignorance or whose turpitude may promise
the best chances of success. But if, "from any
cause, he should apprehend defeat, then, and be-
fore the final judgment is pronounced, he can
withdraw his suit and commence anew before
another magistrate, and so throw the dice of the
law again and again, until, by the very doctrine
of chances, he shall ultimately succeed. Such
want of equity between the parties stamps this
law as infamous; for inequity is iniquity.
An argument in favor of the surrender of alleged
fugitives from service under this law has been
derived from the provisions for the surrender of
fugitives from justice. But the difference between
the cases is world-wide. In regard to slaves, the
Constitution says: "No person held to service,"
&c.; but in regard to criminals, its language is,
"A person charged," &c.
Now who can avoid perceiving the difference
between the legal force of the words "held" and
" charged:'* The obligor in a bond is " held and 1
firmly uound." The grantor conveys an estate
"to have and to hold" to the grantee and his
heirs and assigns forever. So a lessee is to " hold"
for the term specified. A man is held to answer
a charge, &c., &c. In all these cases the word
"hold" implies a perfect obligation or liability.
But a man is "chakgf.d" with an offence when a
grand-jury has found an indictment against him,
or when a competent person has made the requisite
oath. It is not enough that a man be charged to
be held to service. He must be proved to be held,
or he remains free; the eourt must know that he
is so held before they are authorized to surrender
• him. And how, under our Constitution, can the 1
court know such facts as convert a presumptive
freeman into a slave without a trial by jury'
Had the Constitution said a fugitive gvilty of
murder, &c., shall be delivered up, could a man be
delivered up until proved guilty of murder? Yet
the word guilty is no stronger in reference to a fu-
gitive from justice than is the word held in refer-
ence to a fugitive from service.
Another distinction between the coses is not less
marked than the preceding. When the fugitive
from justice is claimed, he is claimed by a State
for having violated its law, and when he is delivered
up, he is delived into the custody of the law. Legal
process must have been commenced against him in '
the State from which he fled. He is returned that
the prosecution thus commenced may be completed.
He is delivered from an officer of the law in one
State to an officer of the law in another State. He
is transferred not to avoid a trial, but to have one.
The original indictment or charge, the arrest in a
foreign State, and the delivery and transportation
to the place of trial, are but separate parts of one
legal proceeding. The shield of the law is con-
tinued over him. All the time and all the way, he
has the solemn pledge of the Government, that if
not found guilty on the prosecution then pending,
he shall be discharged.
But the alleged slave is claimed not by a State,
but by an individual, and he is delivered up, not
into the custody of the law, where his rights might
be adjudicated upon, but into private hands; not
into the bands of a neutral or indifferent person
. even; but into the hands of a party interested to
deprive him of all his rights, and who himself
claims to be judge, jury, and all the witnesses, in
determining what those rights are. If he be not
a slave, then he is delivered into the hands of a
man-stealer. The shield of the law is not con-
tinued over him; nay, the fugitive slave act ex-
pressly provides that, whatever his rights may be,
yet while in transitu, the law shall not recognize
them. The certificate given by the commissioner
to the claimant is to prevent " all molestation of
him by any process issued by any court, judge,
magistrate, or other person whomsoever." Under
this practical interpretation of our Constitution,
whicn, as its oyrn preamble declares, was formed
, to "establish justice, and secure the blessines of
liberty," it takes better care of felons than of free-
|l men.
But there are other provisions of the Constitu-
tion respecting the trial of criminals, which would
control this provision respecting the delivery of
fugitives from justice even if there could be any
doubts about its true construction. By the Consti-
tution as originally adopted, and oy the fifth
amendment, all crimes, (except in cases of impeach-
ment, or in the land and naval forces,) are to be tried
in the State and district where committed. This
makes it impossible to try a fugitive from justice
in the State to which he has fled. It is an express
prohibition against trying him there. But no such
prohibition exists, no analogous provision exists,
respecting the trial of "suits at common law," or
the trial of " cases " or " controversies," in which
a man may be deprived of " life, liberty, or prop-
erty." These cases, therefore, not being taken
out of the general provisions of the Constitution
for securing the rights of the citizens, are left
within it, and hence must be tried by a jury in
the place where the claim is made.
My next objection to this law is, that it attempts .
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus.
The Constitution says, " The privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended,
unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion, the
fiublie safety may require it." The fugitive slave
aw declares that the "certificate" given to the
claimant, his agent or attorney, " shall prevent all
molestation of said person or persons by any pro-
cess issued by any court, judge, magistrate, or
other person whomsoever. Now, as a writ of
habeas corpus is a " process issued by a court or
judge," it follows, thaf, according to the terms of
the fugitive slave law, the slave owner is not to be
" molested " by that process. What then will con-
stitute a "molestation" of him under this law?
Would the service of a writ of habeas corpus upon
him, and, in case of his refusal voluntarily to obey
, it, the seizure of his person, and ftte carrying of
him bodily before the court, perhaps a hundred
! miles out of his way;—would the moral necessity
of employing counsel, and being otherwise sub-
jected to greatexpense, both of money and time;—
would any or all of these impediments and pri-
vations amount to what this law denominates
"molestation?" If they would, then the slave
owner is exempted from them. And if so ex-
empted from them, is not the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus " suspended, ' as to his pre-
tended slave? What else can a " suspension of
it mean ?■
But take the other alternative. Suppose the
writ of habeas corpus to be issued, and a return of
' all the facts by which the supposed slave is held,
to be made. The very return brings the fugi-
tive-slave act before the court; and if the act is
before the court, then, surely, the question is also
before the court, whether it is constitutional or
tot. For, if unconstitutional, it is no law, and no
justification of the restraint. Suppose the court to
decide the act to be unconstitutional, and to dis-
charge the prisoner. This surely would be a "mo-
lestation "of him, in the strongest sense of the word.
To say the least of it, then, the law contains an in-
solent and audacious provision, forbidding the
" courts, judges, magistrates, and all other per-
sons whomsoever," to do what it may be their
sworn constitutional duty to do,—that is, to in-
quire into the constitutionality of the law, and, if
found to be unconstitutional, to disregard it.
I am aware of the astute reasoning of the pres-
ent able Attorney General of the United States.
He says, first, that the act does not suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, because such suspension
would be "a plain and palpable violation of the
Constitution, and no intention to commit such a
violation of the Constitution ought to be imputed"
to Congress; and second, that if the certificate of
the claimant is shown " upon the application of
the fugitive for a writ of habeas corpus, it prevents
the issuing of the writ;-if upon the return, it dis-
charges the writ, and restores or maintains the cus-
tody."
The first reason might be more briefly stated
thus: it don't because it don't; or it don't because
it can't.
The second is as little satisfactory as the first.
If the facts are shown, it says, upon the fugitive's
application for a writ, no writ will issue; if shown
upon the return of the writ, it will be abated. Is
