246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 28,
31st Cong 2d Sess.
The Fugitive Slave Law—Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts.
Ho. of Refs.
it not most clear that this assumes the very ques-
tion in dispute, whether the law on which the cer-
tificate is founded be constitutional or not? The
statement may be all very true, if the law be con-
stitutional; but suppose the law to be unconstitu-
tional, would not the statement be superlatively
absurd? Y et this is the very question to be de-
termined.
Let me test the soundness of this logic by a
supposed case. There is, at the present time, a
set of politicians amongst us, who are so alarmed
at agitation that each one of them is a kind of
Peter the Hermit, getting up a crusade to prevent
it. Now, suppose Congress, " as a peace measure,"
should pass a law authorizing the Secretary of
State to issue his warrant for the arrest and im-
prisonment, until the 4th day of March, 1853, or
at least until after the next presidential nomina-
tions are made, of any person who shall be guilty
of agitating on the wrong side cf said peace measure,
and should further declare that any jailer having
such warrant from said Secretary, should be free
from " all molestation by any process issued by
any court, judge, magistrate, or other person
whomsoever." Would it be a sound, judicial,
lawyer-like argument, in such a case, to say that
Congress could not, and could not have intended to,
violate the Constitution, and therefore they had
not violated it; and that if the warrant for com-
mitment should appear upon the prisoner's appli-
cation for a writ of habeas corpus, it would pre-
vent its issuing; if upon its return, it would dis-
charge it ?
I think it would be impossible for any one to
show that if the argument-would be good in the
first case, it would not be good in the second; and
good, indeed, in any case, however outrageously
violating the Constitution.
Again: suppose the 18th of September last,
when the fugitive slave bill was approved, to have
been a time "of rebellion or invasion," when the
public safety required the suspension of this writ;
would not such words as end the sixth section of
the act be sufficient in law to suspend it? The At-
torney General seems to rely upon the fact that
the fugitive slave law does not mention the habeas
corpus. He cannot surely mean to say that the
firivilege of this writ could not be suspended, un-
ess by name. Even slavery is not mentioned in
the Constitution by name. Suppose Congress,
in a time of rebellion orinvasion, to say, in regard
to any class of cases which it might choose to
specify, that if one person shall hold another un-
der executive warrant, such warrant " shall pre-
vent all molestation of said person or persons by
any process issued by any court, judge, magis-
trate, or other person whomsoever:" could any
man deny that such words would not have ample
force to suspend the privilege of this sacred and
time-hallowed writ?
No! Heaven, and not the Thirty-first CongredS
be praised for it! though this infamous fugitive law
could not suspend the habeas corpus, yet its words
are adequate to do so. They purport to put the
professional slave-hunter, as it regards the priv-
ilege from arrest, or " molestation," on the footing
of a member of Congress; and it would not have
gone one iota further, in point of principle, had
they made his person inviolable while going to
seize his prey, and when returning with it.
If the argument of the Attorney General be
sound, then the whole "privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus," under any corrupt law that any
corrupt Congress may pass, will consist in the
privilege of applying to a court for the writ, and
being refused; or in suing out the writ, and having
it quashed.
By the principles of the English law, the priv-
ilege of the habeas corpus attaches to all, whether
bond or free. The words Liber Homo, says Lord
Coke, extend to every one of the king's subjects,
" be he ecclesiastical or temporal, free or bond,
man or woman, old or young, or be he outlawed,
excommunicated, or any other, without excep-
tion."—2 Inst. 55.
I now lay open for the abhorrence of mankind
other deformities of this most odious law. In op-
posing a law, a distinction is to be made between
the courts and the people; between the bench and the
ballot-box. The courts can hear but one objec-
tion to a law. It may be impolitic, unrighteous,
atrocious; but if it be constitutions] they must
sustain it. But before the tribunal of the people,
, a law may be impeached for any attribute of cru-
! elty, oppression, or meanness. I denounce the
! fugitive slave law for all these qualities. In its
scornful rejection of all those common law princi-
ples of evidence which have been ratified by the
wisdom of ages; in the " summary " and Robes-
pierre-like haste of its proceedings, and in the
indelible blood with which its judgments are re-
corded, I believe it has not a parallel in the mod-
ern code of any civilized people.
Should the courts, hampered by previous decis-
ions, and habituated to the spectacle and the sup-
Cort of a cruel institution, pronounce this law to
e constitutional, such a judgment would give
new force to every reason why the people should
demand its modification or repeal. It is not enough
that it should be declared void by the courts as
against the fundamental law of the land; it deserves
to be branded by the people as abhorrent to hu-
manity, to civilization, and to the Gospel of Jesus
Christ.
Look at its provisions in regard to evidence.
i The proof of three facts dooms the victim: first,
that the person named in the warrant owes the
claimant service; second, that he has escaped;
and, third, identity.
j Now, according to the law, all these facts tpny
j be proved in the absence of the party to be
i ruined by them. The whole case may be es-
tablished by evidence taken behind the victim's
i back, without notice to him, without knowl-
! edge, or possibility of knowledge, on his part. A
j freeman may be suddenly arrested, and dragged
l into court, and on certain papers being read
against him, which he never saw nor heard of
before, he may be ordered into the custody of
officers, and hurried to a returnless distance from
wife, children, and friends, into the direst form of
bondage the world ever knew, and at the expense
of the very Government which he has been taxed
to support, and which in turn was bound to pro-
tect him. I will prove by a reference to the act
itself that these atrocities are among its conspicu-
ous features. I
By the 6th section it is made the duty of the '
" court, judge, or commissioner," " upon satisfac- [
tory proof being made by deposition or affidavit,
in writing," " or by other satisfactory testimony,"
" and with proof, also by affidavit, of the identity 1
of the person whose service or labor is claimed,"
"to make out and deliver to such claimant a cer-
tificate," &c.
And the 10th section of the act declares that the
transcript of a record " taken in any State or Ter-
ritory, or in the District of Columbia, "and " pro-
duced in any other State, Territory, or District,"
and being there "exhibited to any judge, commis- I
sioner, or other officer authorized to cause persons
escaping from service or labor to be delivered up,
shall be held and taken to be full and conclusive
evidence of the fact of escape, and that the service
or labor of the person escaping, is due to the party
in said record mentioned." " And upon the pro-
duction of other and further evidence, if necessary,
either oral or by affidavit, of the identity of the per-
son escaping, he or she shall be delivered up to the
claimant."
Here, then, is a provision unknown to the com-
mon law of England, or to any colony, or people,
or tribe that ever claimed the common law of Eng-
land as their inheritance; unknown even to the Star
Chamber, or High Commission Court; unknown
in the bloodiest reigns of the bloodiest tyrants that
; ever sat upon the English throne, incorporated into
j the code of a republican government. Evidence,
| which may consign to slavery a man who is osten-
sibly and presumptively free,—free by the laws of
the State where he is, and free everywhere by the
law of God and humanity,—may be prepared in his
absence, without any notice to him, Rnd by any
means of perjury or subornation of perjury to
j which guilt may resort, and this evidence is mad«
' legally sufficient to doom a fellow-being to relent-
less bondage. Notwithstanding those remarkable
clauses in the Constitution which provide that "in
all criminal prosecutions the accused shall enjoy
the rightto a speedy and public trial," " be informed
of the nature and cause of the accusation," "be
confronted with the witnesses against him," " have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his
favor," and have the assistance of counsel for his ,
defence;" yet Judge Story comments upon them
in a spirit of dissatisfaction and sorrow; "for,"
says he "unless the whole system [of the common
law] is incorporated, and especially the law of evi-
dence, a corrupt legislature, or a debased and ser-
vile people, may render the whole little more than
a solemn pageantry."—3 Com., 662. In speaking
of a "corrupt legislature," he seems to describe
wli/it this Congress has done in enacting the fu-
gitive slave law at its last session; and, in speak-
ing of a "debased and servile people," he speaks
of just such a people as the advocates and cham-
pions of this law are now striving to make our
people become!
The right of cross-examining witnesses is a
common-law right, appertaining to all kinds of
trials. It is a right without which all trials are but
mockery. It is oftentimes a hardship to be con-
fronted with witnesses of whom one knows noth-
ing; but to be debarred from all opportunity of
getting, by cross-questioning, at the knowledge
that is in them; to be debarred from the right of
showing that they are incompetent even to folly,
or corrupt even to wilful perjury,this is a barbarity
unknown to any code in the civilized world, save-
to the code of the United States of America. It is
what even barbarians might be ashamed of. It is
offering bounties and premiums on villany, and
turning the conrts into brokers' offices for perjury.
Under such a law, is there a single colored person
at the North who can rise to his labor in the morn-
ing, or lie down to his repose at night, with any
feeling of security that avarice and false swearing
may not then be at work for his destruction? Who
can wonder, if he is tormented in his nightly
dreams by images of the man-stealer, in far-ofiT
regions, plotting for his ruin ? Who can wonder
if, in his city residence, he starts as he turns the
corner of every street; or, in his rural home, if he
shudders at the rustle of every leaf, lest some kid-
napper should spring from his ambush to seize
him ? That sense of personal security which every
honest man is entitled to feel, this law abolishes.
The virtuous man cannot rely upon his Govern-
ment, nor the pious man upon his God,for earthly
protection. For him the Prince of Darkness has
obtained the ascendency in the affairs of men, and
offers impunity to guilt, while he withdraws pro-
tection from innocence. The life of such a man is
a perpetual agony of alarm for himself and for his
family. A cloud charged with lightning is forever
suspended over his head, and no genius can de-
vise the means to turn aside its bolts.
Sir, before God, I believe that in the judgment
of an impartial posterity, this method of taking
evidence, by the cruellest of means and for the
wickedest of purposes, will be held as atrocious
and as execrable as that horrid method of extract-
ing evidence by torture, which once prevailed, but
which now even half-civilized nations have abol-
ished. A brave heart could withhold a false con-
fession, even upon the rack. With the images of
wife and children before the eyes, martyrdom for
their protection has been sweet. But there is no
man whom God ever made who will not tremble,
and stand aghast with consternation, with the con-
scious knowledge in his mind that he, his wife and
children, and all that he holds dear upon earth,
are at the mercy of every pirate-hearted villain
between the Atlantic and the RioIGrande. Bet-
ter, a thousand times better, had the Constitution
allowed the citizen "to be compelled to be a wit-
ness against himself," and laid its prohibition s upon
the fabrication of testimony against him in his ab-
sence.
The tenth section of the act declares that this
evidence, thus obtained under a foreign jurisdic-
tion, and in the absence of the party, shall be
"conclusive." Now, the legal force and meaning
of this provision is, that no amount or weight of
evidence, no array of the most unimpeachable wit-
nesses, not even the personal knowledge of the
commissioner himself, who tries the case, though
given under the sanction of an oath, which the law
does not require him, as a commissioner, to take,
shall be admissable to rebut this "conclusive"
testimony. It is not made prima fucie evidence
merely against the respondent; it does not merely
shift the burden of proof, so that the presumptive
freeman becomes presumptively a slave, and m!ret
himself establish the freedom he would possess;
but the law magnifies it into a species of proof
